A ship is only as strong as her crew. She may have the most accurate navigation equipment, the most powerful engines, the strongest hull: None of it is of any use if her crew does not do right by her. Subnautica is being developed by a small team. What it lacks in numbers, it makes up for in experience, determination, and energy. During development, this team will grow slightly, and we will update this post as it does.
Charlie (Flayra) is our leader, taking on the role of game director and lead gameplay programmer. He brought the idea of Subnautica to Unknown Worlds, and has inspired us to work on it. He is responsible for designing the gameplay and mechanics that we hope will have you all hooked. At his side is Steve (SteveRock), who is the technical lead for the project. Steve is in charge of creating the structure in which the gameplay and art of Subnautica can flourish: From efficient and beautiful rendering, to procedural world generation, water physics and everything in between.
The look and style of Subnautica is being created by Cory (Squeal Like a Pig), as art director. Cory's keen eye and steady drawing hand form the basis for the look and feel of the vehicles, environments, creatures, characters, and equipment of this underwater world. You can see Cory's concept art gracing the Subnautica blog and social media posts. To turn Cory's visions into a living, breathing gameplay world, a team of artists has formed:
Brian (Chops) is the technical artist, the funnel through which all art passes to get into the game. Colin is lead animator, creating rigs, skinning bones, and making cycles. He is supported by animators Brandt, Scott (Obraxis), and Alex. Scott is also leading the volunteer Subnautica playtest group. Pat is helping to create the large volumes of concept art needed to flesh out the Subnautica world. Sergey leads the modelling and texturing of game assets, with support from Fox3D artists, including Yuri. The effects that bring the Subnautica environment to life are being created by Sylvain. Amanda is creating logos, icons, and web assets (including the design of this page!).
Hugh (Strayan) is Subnautica's producer, allocating resources and cajoling everyone towards milestones, feature sets, and build schedules. Simon (Sy1k1) is using his brilliant audio engineering skills to create gameplay sounds and music. Lukas (AceDude) is in charge of all web development, including feedback systems, player accounts, and the very website you are reading this post on.
Together, this crew spans the globe: From the United States, to Australia, France, Thailand, Poland, Estonia, the United Kingdom and more. At every moment, of every hour, of every day – Someone, somewhere is working on Subnautica. Please chat with us on Twitter, the forums, and anywhere else you can find us. As this game takes shape, we hope that you will all become part of the team, creating an unforgettable underwater gaming experience.
Read more Subnautica posts: Blog Welcome | Descend into the Depths
Raqqa, the capital of the ISIL phony “caliphate” in eastern Syria, has completely fallen, according to a spokesman for the US-backed Syrian Democratic Forces. It is just a matter of neutralizing a few remaining cells and defusing booby traps in the city.
The SDF is primarily made up of leftist Kurds of the YPG or People's Protection Units, the paramilitary of the Democratic Union Party of northeast Syria. There are a few Arab adjuncts for appearances, since the US has enlisted the Kurds in taking primarily Arab areas under ISIL control.
In Iraq, ISIL has also lost almost all significant territory to the Iraqi Army, which was supported by Shiite militias and the Kurdish Peshmerga. Last month, 1000 militants surrendered at Hawija, a largely Sunni Arab town near Kirkuk.
Although it now cannot be called a territorial ‘state,' ISIL hasn't disappeared. It will devolve back into being a destructive terrorist organization. Still, it will have far fewer resources for committing terrorism.
Americans are arguing over whether Trump or president Barack Obama is responsible for the victory.
It is a self-absorbed and shameful debate, as though the whole world revolves around America's broken two-party system. As for Trump's egomania of the three-year-old sort, where everything that happens while he is alive derives from him, surely we need not take it seriously enough to argue with it.
ISIL was defeated by local Muslims, with air support and strategic advice from the United States and from Iran. But literally thousands of local Muslim troops died for this victory, and it is theirs.
Although Western journalists such as Graeme Wood argued that ISIL is ‘very very Islamic,' most of the world's Muslims beg to differ. They see it as a bloody and destructive cult, according to all the opinion polling.
The unpopularity of ISIL among all but a fringe of extremists explains its demise. Iran did not want it there. Iraq did not want it there. The Kurds did not want it there. The Syrian government did not want it there. Even if it wasn't Turkey's top priority, Turkey definitely did not want it there, especially after ISIL began setting off bombs in that country.
It is true that President Obama and his Secretary of Defense Ash Carter laid out the strategy. In Iraq, Obama reestablished the American military Iraq Command and sent in several thousand special forces personnel to retrain and reestablish the Iraqi army. At the same time, Iraq's Shiite militias, some of which had become defunct, were revived. In part, they volunteered at the instance of Grand Ayatollah Sistani, who issued a fatwa or considered legal opinion on the need to put down ISIL. In part, they received money, training a direction from the Jerusalem Brigade of the Iranian Revolutionary Guards Corps, headed by Qassem Soleimani. Since the Iraqi army had collapsed in June of 2014 when it ran away from ISIL in Mosul, the role of the Shiite militias in support of the army was key. The US de facto gave the Iran-backed militias air support, though neither Washington nor Tehran can admit it publicly. The Americans trained three counter-terrorism brigades in the Iraqi army, who spearheaded the fight against ISIL and took extremely heavy casualties.
Trump did not take those casualties. The Iraqi army did.
In Syria, Obama and Ash Carter allied with the YPG Kurds, giving them training and arms and and embedding hundreds of Special Ops troops among them. They renamed the YPG the Syrian Democratic Forces to allay Arab and Turkish fears (it did not work) and sent them against ISIL. Initially the SDF Kurds wanted only to go against ISIL in the West, so that they could establish a corridor linking the Jazeera in the northeast with Kobane to its west and to a third canton, Afrin. This move west was ultimately blocked by Turkey and its Arab guerrilla allies, most of them Kurd-hating fundamentalists. Then somehow the US at length persuaded the YPG Kurds to fight down south to Raqqa, giving them air support. It wasn't only US fighter jets that supported the mission but also French and British (the French want revenge for the Paris attacks). Again, the heavy casualties were taken by YPG fighters.
ISIL split from al-Qaeda in 2013 and gained a nasty reputation as an opportunistic and bloody organization willing to stab its allies among the Arab rebels in Syria in the back for its own gain in loot or territory. Abu Bakr Baghdadi, the nom de guerre of Ibrahim al-Samarra'i, a minor professor of Islamics trained in an undistinguished department at Baghdad University, announced in 2014 that he was a “caliph,” a medieval office sort of like the papacy for Sunni Muslims. The claim was rejected by virtually all the 1.6 billion Muslims in the world.
Without Iran, the American plan would not have worked. Without the Shiite militias, the American plan would not have worked. Without the leftist Kurds, the American plan would not have worked.
You can bomb a guerrilla group like ISIL from the air forever and make almost no impact. You need troops on the ground to take territory. Obama was stymied for a while in finding such troops. Turkey was more worried about the Kurds than ISIL. Saudi Arabia was more worried about Iran and al-Assad. It was the Iraqi army and the YPG that stepped up.
Since the air war of the US and its coalition partners would have failed without the ground troops, you have to say that the ground troops made the difference. Those were Muslims.
The US helped tremendously but it isn't clear that the mission could not have been accomplished without Washington. Obama should get some credit for a winning strategy. Trump just piggy backed on that strategy, keeping it completely intact.
Extremism was defeated by the Muslims. That should be the headlines. That is what Americans have trouble getting their heads around.
——
Related video:
Owners and MD pocketed £42m after buying Rover and when it collapsed set up a fund telling staff it will have 'millions' for them
Former MG Rover workers are to be rewarded with compensation of just £3 each following a seven-year battle for redundancy payments in the wake of the collapse of Britain's last major carmaker.
News of the tiny payouts was announced to campaigners at a meeting on Monday and has led to calls for personal donations to the workers' compensation fund from the so-called Phoenix Four – John Towers, Nick Stephenson, John Edwards and Peter Beale – the businessmen who bought the company for £10 in 2000 and then paid themselves and managing director Kevin Howe a total of £42m.
Carl Chinn, a trustee of the former employees' fund, said: "I hope they will search their conscience to see if they can find the goodwill to help those who have lost so much. But as they have been ignoring my calls for four or five years, I'm not holding out much hope."
Chinn said a request for contributions had been put to representatives of the quartet, who last May were disqualified from working as company directors in Britain for a total of 19 years.
A spokesman for the four said: "All we would want to say is that the request has been noted."
Former Longbridge employee Oliver Thomas, of the Justice for Rover Workers group, said: "[The Phoenix Four and Howe] have ignored pleas from Carl Chinn, numerous MPs, the archbishop of York and myself to end this matter with a contribution already, so I've limited hope this time around."
MG Rover workers and campaigners had been hoping for £10m-30m to be paid into the trust fund following the liquidation of assets from within the Phoenix group of companies that owned MG Rover and its businesses.
Shortly after Rover's 2005 collapse, Towers said: "What we are trying to do is place a fortune into the benefit of all of the employees. We've launched the employee trust ...
"That's got gross assets in excess of £50m. There are clearly creditors to pay ... but I'm very confident it will have millions of pounds available for those employees."
However, the fund has ended up with just over £22,000 in its coffers, which it needs to share among approximately 6,500 workers who lost their jobs.
Hopes of securing a further £12.5m have just been dashed in the high court, which ruled that MG Rover's former parent Phoenix Venture Holdings was not entitled to more information about monies paid to creditor HBOS by administrators PricewaterhouseCoopers in 2005.
A spokesman for Lloyds Banking Group, the part-taxpayer-owned bank that now owns HBOS, said: "As a major lender to MG Rover we made losses from its collapse. We therefore have a duty to our shareholders, including the taxpayer, to try to minimise these losses. Along with other creditors, we are seeking to do this through the normal recoveries process."
A final pot of cash containing £23m from within a company called MG Rover Capital is currently frozen by the pensions regulator, which has until the end of this year to state whether it will make a claim. Should the funds be released, the money will be split between shareholders of the company, which is 51% owned by HBOS and 49% by Phoenix Venture Holdings directors.
A spokesman for the Phoenix Four declined to say if the businessmen would give the windfall to former workers, should they receive their £11m share.
Campaigners said that Howe, who has not faced official sanction, should also contribute to the compensation fund.
While his old colleagues were being barred from acting as company directors last year, the carmaker's former managing director was being registered as a member of a limited liability partnership called The Exit Partnership – a role that encompasses almost identical responsibilities and restrictions to a director of a company. He is now understood to be working in the US.
When Phoenix acquired Rover in May 2000, they did so with the enthusiastic backing of the then Labour government as well as jubilant Rover workers who hailed Towers as he arrived at the Longbridge plant in a Rover 75, chanting: "There's only one John Towers".
The then industry secretary Stephen Byers was also cheered by MPs when he announced the deal.
Video game designers may be the world's most anonymous creative professionals, at least among the makers of mass entertainment. That's because game players tend to extend their loyalty to favorite franchises or proven studios rather than to individual designers.
But this isn't always the case. Vince Zampella and his colleagues at Respawn Entertainment, a new studio founded by veterans of the military shooters Call of Duty and Medal of Honor, have quickly become celebrities in the industry. Last week, they released the year's most anticipated and talked-about game, Titanfall, a multiplayer science-fiction shooter that pits people and giant robots against one another in a crucible of frustration, accomplishment and exhilaration that players describe with the word “fun.”
The marketing dollars and prowess of Microsoft, which is betting on Titanfall to help its Xbox One console overtake Sony's PlayStation 4 in sales, have something to do with the newfound fame for Mr. Zampella and Respawn. Yet the faith that players have in the work of these designers — on titles like Medal of Honor: Allied Assault, Call of Duty and, especially, the billion-dollar Modern Warfare series — has played a much larger role in the hype. The success of Respawn and the excitement over Titanfall represent one of the few times that a new studio has garnered considerable attention based on the reputation of its designers for doing good work elsewhere.
Titanfall is skillfully made with frenetic six-on-six battles among 12 players, each of whom controls an ersatz Boba Fett (the jetpack bounty hunter from the entirely unrelated “Star Wars” universe), who can run on walls, jump twice in the air before landing and summon a massive robot from the sky — the titular Titanfall — that he or she can then enter and control like a humanoid tank. The physical spaces are large and varied, with enclosed areas and buildings that can be entered only by the pilots, juxtaposed with open plains where the titans clash. A pilot can, however, take down a titan with enough skill, including a move called the “rodeo” that is executed by leaping onto the machine's back and firing a weapon into its circuitry.
Stockholm: Rajendra Singh, an eminent environment activist, has been conferred the prestigious Stockholm Water Prize this year for his innovative water restoration efforts and extraordinary courage to empower communities in Indian villages. Singh, who is widely popular as the ‘Water Man', was named the 2015 Stockholm Water Prize Laureate for improving water security in rural India, and for showing extraordinary courage and determination in his quest to improve the living conditions for those most in need, a statement said.
Born in 1959, Rajasthan-based Singh has dedicated himself to defeating drought and empowering communities for several decades.
Sweden's King Carl XVI Gustaf, Patron of the Stockholm Water Prize, will present the prize to Singh at a Royal Award Ceremony during 2015 World Water Week here on 26 August, it added.
In its citation, The Stockholm Water Prize Committee said that “today's water problems cannot be solved by science or technology alone.
“They are instead human problems of governance, policy, leadership, and social resilience. He has literally brought villages back to life. We need to take Mr Singh's lessons and actions to heart if we are to achieve sustainable water use in our lifetime."
Singh said the award was an honour and recognition to the traditional knowledge and techniques of water conservation in India and governments should utilise such techniques to address problems of depleting ground water level and floods.
“I dedicate this award to our traditional knowledge and techniques which are being used to recharge ground water level through structures with support of the community," Singh, who is based in Alwar district of Rajasthan, said. “Several structures were created in parts of Rajasthan through which we are recharging ground water. The technique stops evaporation of water and the level of ground water starts increasing. I am doing all such works with local communities and with support of some organisations."
Singh said he was working with the state governments of Maharashtra and Karnataka and has also forwarded some suggestions to the Central government for solving the problems of flood as well as drought. “Reacharging ground water is the solution to these problems and I have been doing this for years and now the prestigious award is dedicated to the people of villages here who have been very active with me," he said.
“When we started our work, we were only looking at the drinking water crisis and how to solve that. Today our aim is higher. This is the 21st century. This is the century of exploitation, pollution and encroachment. To stop all this, to convert the war on water into peace, that is my life's goal," he said.
He has already won Ramon Magsaysay award in 2001 for his work on community-based water harvesting and water management.
The Stockholm Water Prize is a global award founded in 1991 and presented annually by the Stockholm International Water Institute (SIWI) to an individual, organisation or institution for outstanding water-related achievements. The Stockholm Water Prize Laureate receives $150,000 and a specially designed sculpture.
The Beguiled: Sofia Coppola tells Southern gothic tale of desire, macabre revenge
Posted
In 1971, just as Hollywood tough guy Clint Eastwood was just entering his macho Dirty Harry phase, he and genre director Don Siegel made The Beguiled.
Eastwood played a wounded Yankee solider taken in by a house full of Southern women, who proceed to fawn, fight over, and then gradually emasculate him.
In cinemas this week is the new remake of that film from American writer-director Sofia Coppola, whose work — including The Virgin Suicides, Lost in Translation, and Marie Antoinette — has proved distinct in its intuitive, emotional portraits of sheltered young women struggling to breathe within their gilded cages.
It should come as little surprise, then, Coppola's take on The Beguiled is defined by her attentiveness to the feminine gaze, an element that tips the original more or less on its head.
The film is also much neater — and in that respect, less successful — than its problematic but richly nasty predecessor.
In the Eastwood role of Corporal John McBurney we have the considerably less threatening Colin Farrell, a warm, generous actor who steps into the movie's proverbial henhouse with Irish brogue and matinee good looks all intact.
The wounded McBurney is found hiding from Confederate troops in the Virginia woods, and taken to convalesce at an all-girls' school presided over by headmistress Miss Farnsworth — the amusingly rigid Nicole Kidman.
It's also home to three younger girls, a flirtatious teenager played by Elle Fanning, and a repressed schoolteacher, played by longtime Coppola muse, Kirsten Dunst.
Missing from this mix, but present in the original is an African American female servant character, an omission for which Coppola has taken some flak in the US.
It's an issue the filmmaker felt she couldn't do justice to in this story — Coppola's script simply suggests that the slaves have all left, with a minimum of fuss.
It's not long before this simmering brew of female desire bubbles over, and McBurney finds himself caught in a tug of war of furtive glances, side-eye jealously, and unchecked impulses with no behavioural baseline.
Farrell proves a serviceable object of lust, a smooth talking soft toy who drops cheesy, faux-ribald lines about the ladies' overgrown hedges and roses that need pruning.
In contrast to Eastwood's seething alpha male — who actually makes out with a 12-year-old in the opening moments of that film — Farrell is like a bedroom pin-up come to life, one that the girls paw and kiss before inevitably tearing to shreds.
As ever, Coppola is an intricate weaver of atmosphere. Shrouded in diffuse fog and guarded by dappled cobwebs, her antebellum schoolhouse seems to exist in its own fairytale dimension, where the sounds of artillery fire are little amore than abstract echoes in the distance.
Her Beguiled has the esoteric cult feel of films like Lucile Hadzihalilovic's Innocence or even Peter Weir's Picnic at Hanging Rock.
Its closest antecedents, of course, can be found in none other than the work of Coppola herself — the hermetically sealed waifs here draw a direct line to the dreamy 1970s suburbia of The Virgin Suicides, her candy-coated Versailles, and even the teen celebrity obsessives of The Bling Ring.
They are young women finding or losing their way in the world, a genre to which Coppola has essentially become the millennial godmother.
But The Beguiled also calls for a degree of storytelling discipline, and as the film twists and turns through an oddly truncated backstretch, Coppola feels less interested in hitting the pulpy beats of the material and more concerned with indulging the details of light, texture and nuance.
She's a director more attentive to the way a nightgown unfolds, or the manner in which a ribbon threads through pleated hair, than the melodrama of psychotic character showdowns or combustible performances.
Then again, maybe narrative crescendos are for male directors.
There's a curiously deliberate rhythm to the way in which Coppola's film quietly shrugs its pastel shoulders in the final act, delivering a pretty, underplayed anticlimax as if to say, well, that's just what happens when you mess with girls — nothing to see here.
The Beguiled is also an oddly funny film, at times played as an almost straight-up comedy of manners.
Whereas Siegel and Eastwood had watched in horror at the slow demise of their masculinity, Coppola's girls are the cats that treat Farrell's mouse as their plaything — giggling and conspiring when they're not swooning in his company.
Sure, the film could do with some of the acerbic eroticism of, say, French director Catherine Breillat, but Coppola's girls' school humour is perceptively tuned to the whims of her characters.
And what could be funnier than watching a man's emasculation over 90 minutes?
This new Beguiled misses some of the more grotesque provocations of the original, but the two films complement each other as mirror versions of desire.
Maybe check out the earlier version, if you haven't done so already. All told, Coppola's film is another satisfying, if somewhat minor, addition to the filmmaker's impressive career dollhouse.
Topics: mystery-films, thriller-films, director, actor, film-movies, arts-and-entertainment, united-states
Amid family, public and media outcry regarding the classification of a Dutch-Belgian teen model's sudden death under suspicious circumstances, police have agreed to review their findings after pathology test results from the girl are obtained.
Nineteen-year-old Ivana Smit was found Thursday, naked, on the sixth-floor balcony of a Dang Wangi luxury condo. She had fallen from the 20th floor, where she had been spending the past hours with an American man, and his Kazakh wife. She had followed them home after a night of drinking in Bangsar.
The model's father Marcel Smit arrived in Kuala Lumpur to identify her body, and was soon in a furor, immediately questioning police findings after he noticed finger-shaped bruises on his daughter's cadaver.
After police drug test results from the couple turned up positive for amphetamines, their initial version of the story of simply “going to bed” while the young girl slept in their living room became increasingly more suspicious.
Additionally, news from Dutch media that drew light on the trio's activities begged many to question the timeline of events. Ivana had sent her boyfriend a selfie at 7:25am, telling him who she was with, and where she was. At the time, she was clothed.
The Kazakh wife claims that she took her child to school two hours later, and that the model was sleeping in their living room. Yet a few hours later, she was found 14 stories below, and the couple claimed they had no idea that she had fallen.
The Malay Mail reports that inside sources have indicated that pending the pathology results, her death could now be reclassified as murder, manslaughter, or death by misadventure, as opposed to its current status as sudden death.
The Dutch Embassy have also asked for Interpol to investigate.
After nearly a week since the tragedy occurred, Kuala Lumpur's social media circles were rife with speculation of what had occurred, including varying reports from individuals claiming insider knowledge of the couple's proclivities (ahem).
The hashtag #JusticeForIvana began to trend, and it seems that law enforcement has finally cottoned on, and is pursuing this.
Oil exploration off Canada's East Coast is reaching fever pitch as oil companies warm up to the potential beneath the frigid waters near Newfoundland and Labrador and the Maritimes.
[np_storybar title=”Fracking's next frontier: Energy giants seek bigger offshore payoffs with deep-water fracking fleets” link=”business.financialpost.com/2014/08/07/frackings-next-frontier-energy-giants-seek-bigger-offshore-payoffs-with-deep-water-fracking-fleets/?__lsa=637e-d56f”]Energy companies are taking their controversial fracking operations from the land to the sea — to deep waters off the U.S., South American and African coasts. Keep reading.
[/np_storybar]
“I would say literally there is worldwide interest, including companies that were never active at least in terms of licensing seismic data offshore in Labrador,” said Rod Starr, senior vice-president western hemisphere, at TGS-NOPEC Geophysical Company ASA. “Definitely those people are calling us now.”
TGS has teamed up with Petroleum Geo-Services ASA and Newfoundland and Labrador's Nalcor Energy over the past three years to map out about 47,000 square kilometres of seismic data and is set to chart another 30,000 square kilometers this year to create a wealth of information for prospective companies to assess the potential of crude oil and natural gas beneath the ocean.
“More two-dimensional seismic data will be gathered in 2014 than has ever been gathered before in a year all the way back to 1983,” said Jim Keating, vice-president of oil and gas with Nalcor Energy.
“1983 was our previous exploration peak — a year before the Terra Nova discovery — that goes back to our exploration heydays more than three decades ago,” Mr. Keating said.
As monopolistic national oil companies dominate some of the world's largest reserves, oil majors are expected to inject over US$100-billion during the next decade in offshore exploration activity in benign jurisdictions.
“It seems that our frontier is going to be the next one examined in detail,” said Robert Cadigan, president and chief executive officer of Newfoundland and Labrador Oil & Gas Industries Association (NOIA). “As companies have declines in the North Sea, they are taking a second look at Newfoundland.”
To drum up interest, Crown corporation Nalcor has spent $14-million during the past three years and earmarked another $11.8-million this year to collect seismic data with partners TGS and PGS, who are funding the remaining 80% of the cost.
“Even after 30 years of activity, we have less than 5% offshore under licence — 95% of our potential is up for grabs,” Mr. Keating said. “When you are an investor you want runway room.”
The industry and government are hoping the hectic seismic activity and exploration in the harsh climate and icebergs will eventually arrest a decline in production from the East Coast, which stood at 232,000 barrels per day last year compared to a 10-year high of 382,000 bpd in 2007.
Recent discoveries by Statoil ASA have also boosted inquiries for seismic data. Last year the Norwegian company said its Bay du Nord prospect in the Flemish Pass basin off Newfoundland could yield as much as 600 million barrels of oil. The find came on the back of two earlier discoveries in the Harpoon and Mizzen wells in the area.
In December, the Canada-Newfoundland Offshore Petroleum Board (CNOPB) announced a new land tenure system that gives companies two years in known areas and four years in unexplored areas to review the data and make more informed decisions. Previously, the companies were only given a year to decide.
“That's actually huge,” Mr. Starr said. “And now calls for bids are scheduled, and planned for the next seven to 10 years. Oil companies have taken notice.”
The CNOPB has asked for bids on Labrador South Region and Eastern Newfoundland Region and the regulatory changes are expected to bring greater clarity on interest in the region.
These areas would cause geologists to salivate – they are so large
“It's a game-changer,” Mr. Cadigan said. “These areas would cause geologists to salivate – they are so large. In terms of data, they are similar to discoveries made in West Africa.”
Seismic vessels have been doing the rounds across the length of a region that's considered bigger than the Gulf of Mexico. Apart from TGS and PGS charting the region, Shell completed 3-D seismic imaging off Nova Scotia as part of its $970-million deepwater venture.
BP is also conducting seismic surveys across 12,000 square kilometres in the current season that lasts until November. BP Exploration (Canada) Ltd. holds exploration licences for four blocks across 14,000 square kilometres, located 300 kilometres off the coast of Halifax in water depths ranging from 100 to more than 3,000 metres.
The U.S.'s decision last month to open up its East Coast for seismic activity adds further exploration momentum on the Atlantic, although analysts say Canada has little to fear from the U.S. Atlantic, at least for now. Barry Munro, Ernst & Young's oil and gas leader, says that U.S. East Coast remains a long-term play, although Mexico's offshore is also emerging as a potential destination.
“There are indications that the U.S. offshore may be gas-prone, not oil prone —time will tell. But if you are in the U.S. you would rather go onshore Marcellus before you look offshore.”
In addition, Canada's offshore has a well-understood regulatory regime.
“There is an established infrastructure in the East Coast, and companies operating there can see a clear path that they will be allowed to drill wells and produce from them,” Mr. Munro noted. “As opposed to the U.S. where they are only allowed seismic programs.”
Rising production from U.S. shale basins is, however, forcing Newfoundland oil to find new markets. “The past year our crude sales went to non-North American refineries almost 70% of the time,” Mr. Keating.
Suncor Energy Corp. said in a second-quarter conference call that its $14-billion joint venture Hebron project is progressing well and continues to target first oil by the end of 2017, while Statoil expects to drill Bay du Nord this year.
The promise of natural gas export projects in Nova Scotia is adding to the activity as is TransCanada's proposed Energy East pipeline that would end at Irving Oil's New Brunswick terminal.
The government is laying out the red carpet for investors, hoping that friendly regulations will see a lot more Canadian oil unencumbered by pipeline issues reach global markets.
Mr. Cadigan believes the region is on the “cusp of a new era.”
“Folks believed that most of the elephants were found. We had some discoveries in Hebron in the 1980s, but the future was not rosy. People understand now the significance and believe we are potentially where Norway was in its early days in the 1970s… in which case we are just getting started.”
Bravo Zulu
2017-07-21 07:11:03 -0400
Like Faith said in her program on another threat – Iraq is a land of extremes.
What most people do not realize, is the entire mid east is a land of extremes. Instead they judge it from the region they were raised in. The vast majority of Canadians and Americans have not been more than 300 miles from where they live today.
So they have literally NO concept of how cheap life is and how huge the islamic hatred of ALL non-believers truly is.
The pallie hatred of literally anything is incredible.
Their entire lives are built upon hatred.
They are raised as children to hate.
They are educated to hate.
Even their children's shows on television call for the killing of Jews.
People in smug Canada have no realization of how the pallies think, how they are raised and how they live and how at literally ANY turn – one of them might take it upon himself or herself to kill you – and they or their family will be paid a “commission” for doing so.
That money is taken out of the UN funding – and Canadian tax dollars provided to them by Trudeau who is a huge supporter of the pallies.
Always remember this:
Jordan borders pallie territory and refuses to allow any of them to enter Jordan.
Egypt borders pallie territory and Egypt refuses to allow any of them to enter Egypt.
commented
"Lost" Star Matthew Fox Accused of Assaulting Woman
Matthew Fox Detained -- Accused of Assaulting Woman
was detained by cops in Cleveland, Ohio Saturday night after allegedly assaulting a woman outside of a bar ... TMZ has learned.Law enforcement sources at the scene tell us ... the "" star allegedly tried to enter a party bus -- even though he wasn't a guest on the vehicle.We're told the woman who was driving the bus tried to block Fox from getting on board -- at which point, he allegedly punched her in the breast and the "stomach area."Fox was handcuffed by an off-duty officer -- and was later detained by police.Fox was released without being formally arrested.An assault report was taken and the matter remains under investigation.We have not been able to reach Fox for comment.According to the police report, obtained by TMZ, the woman PUNCHED BACK -- and struck Fox "in the mouth ... causing a cut on his lip."The woman told police she may have broken her hand during the altercation.Fox was later released to a friend ... who put the actor into a taxi and accompanied him back to his hotel.
Wikileaks has posted the presentation three security companies–Palantir, HBGary Federal, and Berico Technologies–made to Bank of America, proposing to help it respond to Wikileaks.
In addition to the degree to which the proposal emphasizes the national security ties and military background of the employees of the company (particularly Berico), the presentation fleshes out what the companies proposed. Under potential proactive tactics, it lists:
Feed the fuel between the feuding groups. Disinformation. Create messages around actions to sabotage or discredit the opposing organization. Submit fake documents and then call out the error.
Create concern over the security of the infrastructure. Create exposure stories. If the process is believed to not be secure they are done.
Cyberattacks against the infrastructure to get data on document submitters. This would kill the project. Since the servers are now in Sweden and France putting a team together to get access is more straightforward.
Media campaign to push the radical and reckless nature of wikileaks activities. Sustained pressure. Does nothing for the fanatics, but creates concern and doubt amongst moderates.
Search for leaks. Use social media to profile and identify risky behavior of employees.
Of particularly interest, they describe HBGary Federal's abilities to conduct INFOOPS, including “influence operations” and “social media exploitation.”
In other words, in addition to proposing to conduct cyberattacks on Wikileaks' European-based infrastructure (complete with a picture of WL's bomb shelter-housed servers), the proposal appears to recommend that these companies be paid to troll social media, like Twitter, to not only “identify risky behavior of employees” but also, presumably, “push the radical and reckless nature of wikileaks activities.” You know–the kind of trolling we often see targeted at Glenn (and in recent days targeted against David House, who was also listed in this presentation).
In addition, the presentation proposes to create a concern over the security of the infrastructure. Interestingly, when additional newspapers in Europe got copies of the State cables (including Aftenposten), some people speculated that the files had come from a hack of Wikileaks servers. (Note how the slide above notes the disgruntled WL volunteers.)
That doesn't mean we're seeing this campaign in process. After all, Glenn has a ton of enemies on Twitter. And if the intent behind leaking additional copies of the cables was to suggest WL's infrastructure had been hacked, that perception has largely dissipated as more and more newspapers get copies.
One final note: according to Tech Herald, the law firm pitching these firms, Hunton and Williams, was itself recommended to BoA by DOJ. As the presentation makes clear, these are significant government contractors. (Remember, we're getting these documents because Anonymous hacked HBGary Federal, which was offering what it had collected to DOJ.) To what extent is what we're seeing just an extension of what our own government is trying to combat Wikileaks?
Ignacio's parents were a Scandinavian Lutheran missionary and a Mexican deacon, who both died when Ignacio was a baby. Now a cook for the Oaxaca monastery orphanage where he was raised, Ignacio dreams of becoming a luchador, but wrestling is strictly forbidden by the monastery. Ignacio cares deeply for the orphans and loves them with all his heart, but his food is terrible because he cannot afford quality ingredients. He also struggles over his feelings for Sister Encarnación, a nun who teaches at the orphanage. One night, while collecting donated tortilla chips for the orphans, Ignacio is robbed of the chips by a street thief named Steven. After a fight between the two, Ignacio decides to disregard the monastery's rules and become a luchador in order to make money. He convinces Steven to join him with the promise of remuneration if they win, and the two join a local competition as tag partners.
Ignacio changes his name to "Nacho" to keep his identity secret, while Steven adopts the name "Esqueleto" (Skeleton). They are defeated in their first match, but are nevertheless paid, as every wrestler is entitled to a portion of the total revenue. They continue to wrestle every week, with Ignacio using his pay to buy and prepare better food for the orphans. Ignacio gets used to losing some fights, but after a while, he gradually grows annoyed with the consistent losses. Steven brings him to a water gypsy who tells Ignacio to climb to an eagle's nest, crack open the egg and swallow the yolk, claiming that he will gain the powers of an eagle. Ignacio completes the task, but still loses the next several bouts, frustrating him. He seeks advice from champion luchador Ramses, but Ramses is vain and in no mood to help to aspire wrestlers.
Ignacio's secret is finally exposed to the entire monastery when his robe catches fire during church, exposing his wrestling costume. He admits that he is Nacho and tells them that he intends to fight at a battle royale between eight luchadores for the right to take on Ramses, and for a cash prize, which he will use to buy a bus for the orphans. But the wrestler Silencio wins the match; Nacho comes in second place. Banished from the monastery, Ignacio leaves to live in the nearby wilderness.
The next morning, Steven comes to tell him that Silencio has been injured (Steven ran over his foot with Ignacio's bike) and cannot fight, meaning that Nacho—as the second-place finisher—receives the right to fight Ramses. Ignacio and Steven agree to team up again. That night, Ignacio sends a message via Steven to Encarnación, explaining his plan and confessing his love to her (as a sister).
Despite initial difficulty, Nacho does well in the match. When the crowd begins to support Ignacio, Ramses resorts to cheating. Nacho is nearly defeated—indeed, unmasked—by Ramses, when Encarnación enters the arena with the orphans. Elated and inspired, Nacho rallies himself and defeats Ramses.
Ignacio becomes a professional wrestler and, true to his word, buys a bus for the orphans with his prize money. The film closes with Ignacio, Steven and Sister Encarnación taking the children on a field trip to the city of Monte Albán.
New Zealand's focus over the next week is trying to win back-to-back ODIs to protect a proud home record, but the Test series against South Africa will approach quickly and they have been boosted by Neil Wagner's progress after he suffered a fractured finger earlier this month.
Mike Hesson said that Wagner was "highly likely" to be available for the first Test in Dunedin, which starts on March 8, having healed well following the injury sustained when fielding off his own bowling for Otago at the start of February.
Wagner played club cricket on Saturday and came through "okay" according to Hesson. "He's done everything possible to ready for the first Test," Hesson added.
He has become a vital figure in New Zealand's Test attack, following the new-ball pair of Tim Southee and Trent Boult, with an unstinting work ethic and ability to ruffle batsmen with a regular supply of short deliveries.
In November he became the second-fastest New Zealand bowler to 100 Test wickets, behind only Richard Hadlee, reaching the milestone in 24 outings. Since the beginning of 2016, Wagner is New Zealand's leading Test wicket-taker with 51 wickets at 22.33 in 11 Tests.
However, New Zealand are covering their bases in case Wagner has any problem between now and the first Test. Matt Henry has been released from the one-day squad to play a Plunket Shield game for Canterbury at the Basin Reserve.
Henry has played one Test this home season, against Pakistan in Hamilton, where he claimed a single wicket and overall has an unflattering 17 wickets at 56.11 from seven matches. Due to being regularly with the national squad, Henry has only played one Plunket Shield game this season and in that he was pulled out during the second day for New Zealand duty.
"With Neil having had an injury we want to make sure that Matt is ready to go if required," Hesson said. "We also didn't think he'd be likely used in Hamilton therefore the opportunity to give him a first-class game."
If a reserve quick is required, New Zealand may also look at Lockie Ferguson who played in the third ODI. While he has proved expensive in ODI cricket, he has taken 18 wickets in four Plunket Shield matches. "I thought he bowled well enough to get two or three last night," Hesson said. "He's still developing, but he's certainly getting better."
BJ Watling, the wicketkeeper-batsman who required rest for a knee problem after the Test series against Bangladesh, has made his return to action for Northern Districts. The Test squad is likely to be named between the fourth and fifth ODIs.
We are still a couple of months removed from the trade deadline but teams are already assessing their clubs and what their potential needs could be. The Atlanta Braves recent acquisition of Matt Adams suggests that they aren't ready to be sellers just yet but that could change the closer we get to the trade deadline.
Atlanta has several veterans that could be appealing to clubs and among them are closer Jim Johnson whom several teams are keeping their eyes on according to a report by the Boston Globe's Nick Cafardo.
Teams looking to shore up their bullpens have their eyes on Johnson, who has a 3.66 ERA and 1.017 WHIP. Johnson has been an adventure at times with three blown saves in 12 chances, but scouts are watching. Johnson is viewed as a low-cost closer option to the White Sox' David Robertson. Some teams are looking at him as a setup man.
Atlanta signed Johnson to a two-year, $10 million extension on the final day of the 2016 season. He is 2-1 with 10 saves and a 3.48 ERA in 21 games. He has a solid FIP of 2.23 and has upped his strikeout rate while reducing his walk rate this season.
John Coppolella has made a habit of flipping veterans for prospects in each of the last two seasons and this season may not be any different. Johnson is one name but guys like R.A. Dickey and Jaime Garcia could also see hear their names mentioned in rumors as the deadline approaches.
Adrian Chiles goes home to the West Midlands to meet Leave voters from both sides of the political divide and find out why Britain voted for Brexit.
Adrian Chiles goes home to the West Midlands to meet Leave voters from both sides of the political divide and find out why Britain voted for Brexit.
He discovers an unlikely alliance of young and old, wealthy and non-wealthy, white and non-white, who all share a belief that their views have not so far been listened to by mainstream politicians. Adrian learns about their lives and their concerns about immigration, jobs and feeling excluded from the benefits of an increasingly globalised world. He also meets Remain voters who blame the Breixters for pushing Britain into crisis.
As the nation reels from the fallout of the Referendum result, Adrian's journey across the region shows just how divided Britain has become.
How to get a list of used units with DelphiAST
Getting a list of used units from the source code can be useful in many code automation tasks. There are a number of tools that can help you to investigate what dependencies you have in your project. In this post I will show how you can write your own simple dependency analysis tool using DelphiAST library.
This demo program will count how many times each unit is used by other units and will consist of two steps:
Get a list of units from a DPR file. Go through this list, analyze uses statements and count used units.
To keep demo as simple as possible, it will ignore a unit if its path was not mentioned in a DPR.
As Delphi strings and chars are Unicode, before starting to parse any file we have to convert it to Unicode. This function reads a file to a string, converting it to Unicode if needed.
function TForm1.ReadFileToString(const FileName: string): string; var Buffer: TBytes; Content: TMemoryStream; Encoding: TEncoding; PreambleSize: Integer; begin Encoding := nil; Content := TMemoryStream.Create; try Content.LoadFromFile(FileName); SetLength(Buffer, Content.Size); Content.Read(Buffer, 0, Content.Size); PreambleSize := TEncoding.GetBufferEncoding(Buffer, Encoding, TEncoding.Default); Result := Encoding.GetString(Buffer, PreambleSize, Content.Size - PreambleSize); finally Content.Free; end; end;
And now we're getting to the fun part, to parsing.
function TForm1.Parse(const Content: string): string; var ASTBuilder: TPasSyntaxTreeBuilder; StringStream: TStringStream; SyntaxTree: TSyntaxNode; begin Result := ''; StringStream := TStringStream.Create(Content, TEncoding.Unicode); try StringStream.Position := 0; ASTBuilder := TPasSyntaxTreeBuilder.Create; try ASTBuilder.InitDefinesDefinedByCompiler; SyntaxTree := ASTBuilder.Run(StringStream); try Result := TSyntaxTreeWriter.ToXML(SyntaxTree); finally SyntaxTree.Free; end; finally ASTBuilder.Free; end; finally StringStream.Free; end; end;
This function returns parser's output as an XML in a string. The coolest fact about XML is that it makes possible to query the syntax tree using XPath. You will see some examples below.
Let's see how a DPR syntax tree looks like.
<UNIT line="1" col="1" name="UnitCounter"> <USES line="3" col="1"> <UNIT line="4" col="3" name="Vcl.Forms"/> <UNIT line="5" col="3" name="frmMain" path="frmMain.pas"> <EXPRESSION line="5" col="14"> <LITERAL line="5" col="35" type="string" value="frmMain.pas"/> </EXPRESSION> </UNIT> </USES> <STATEMENTS end_line="14" begin_line="10" end_col="1" begin_col="3"> <CALL line="10" col="3"> <DOT> <IDENTIFIER line="10" col="3" name="Application"/> <IDENTIFIER line="10" col="15" name="Initialize"/> </DOT> </CALL> <ASSIGN line="11" col="3"> <LHS> <DOT> <IDENTIFIER line="11" col="3" name="Application"/> <IDENTIFIER line="11" col="15" name="MainFormOnTaskbar"/> </DOT> </LHS> <RHS> <EXPRESSION line="11" col="36"> <IDENTIFIER line="11" col="36" name="True"/> </EXPRESSION> </RHS> </ASSIGN> <CALL line="12" col="3"> <CALL> <DOT> <IDENTIFIER line="12" col="3" name="Application"/> <IDENTIFIER line="12" col="15" name="CreateForm"/> </DOT> <EXPRESSIONS> <EXPRESSION line="12" col="26"> <IDENTIFIER line="12" col="26" name="TForm1"/> </EXPRESSION> <EXPRESSION line="12" col="34"> <IDENTIFIER line="12" col="34" name="Form1"/> </EXPRESSION> </EXPRESSIONS> </CALL> </CALL> <CALL line="13" col="3"> <DOT> <IDENTIFIER line="13" col="3" name="Application"/> <IDENTIFIER line="13" col="15" name="Run"/> </DOT> </CALL> </STATEMENTS> </UNIT>
Definetely, we are interested in UNIT/USES subtree.
Thats how it looks like in Delphi, it couldn't be easier.
procedure TForm1.GetFileList(const RootFolder, ParsedDpr: string; const Files: TStringList); var XmlDoc: IXMLDOMDocument2; UnitNodes: IXMLDOMNodeList; PathAttrNode: IXMLDOMNode; I: Integer; FileName: string; begin Files.Clear; XmlDoc := CoDOMDocument60.Create; XmlDoc.SetProperty('SelectionLanguage', 'XPath'); XmlDoc.validateOnParse := False; XmlDoc.preserveWhiteSpace := False; XmlDoc.resolveExternals := False; XmlDoc.loadXML(ParsedDpr); // select all units nodes UnitNodes := XmlDoc.documentElement.selectNodes('/UNIT/USES/UNIT'); for I := 0 to UnitNodes.length - 1 do begin // if 'path' attribute exists, then use it PathAttrNode := UnitNodes.item[I].attributes.getNamedItem('path'); if Assigned(PathAttrNode) then FileName := PathAttrNode.nodeValue else FileName := UnitNodes.item[I].attributes.getNamedItem('name').nodeValue + '.pas'; FileName := ExpandFileName(TPath.Combine(RootFolder, FileName)); // ignore units that placed somewhere on the search path if FileExists(FileName) then Files.Add(FileName); end; end;
Now, when we have a list of units file names we can start to calculate.
That's how a unit syntax tree looks like. I have skipped not interesting but too long parts. You can use DelphiAST demo application to see a full syntax tree for any unit.
<UNIT line="1" col="1" name="frmMain"> <INTERFACE line="3" col="1"> <USES line="5" col="1"> <UNIT line="6" col="3" name="Winapi.Windows"/> <UNIT line="6" col="19" name="Winapi.Messages"/> <UNIT line="6" col="36" name="System.SysUtils"/> <UNIT line="6" col="53" name="System.Variants"/> <UNIT line="6" col="70" name="System.Classes"/> <UNIT line="6" col="86" name="Vcl.Graphics"/> <UNIT line="7" col="3" name="Vcl.Controls"/> <UNIT line="7" col="17" name="Vcl.Forms"/> <UNIT line="7" col="28" name="Vcl.Dialogs"/> <UNIT line="7" col="41" name="Vcl.StdCtrls"/> <UNIT line="7" col="55" name="Generics.Collections"/> </USES> <SKIPPED>..</SKIPPED> </INTERFACE> <IMPLEMENTATION line="27" col="1"> <USES line="29" col="1"> <UNIT line="30" col="3" name="DelphiAST"/> <UNIT line="30" col="14" name="DelphiAST.Classes"/> <UNIT line="30" col="33" name="DelphiAST.Writer"/> <UNIT line="30" col="51" name="MSXML2_TLB"/> <UNIT line="30" col="63" name="IOUtils"/> </USES> <SKIPPED>..</SKIPPED> </IMPLEMENTATION> </UNIT>
We are interested in particular name attribute of /UNIT/INTERFACE/USES/UNIT and /UNIT/IMPLEMENTATION/USES/UNIT nodes.
procedure TForm1.CalculateUnits(const ParsedUnit: string; const Stats: TDictionary<string, Integer>); var XmlDoc: IXMLDOMDocument2; UnitNodes: IXMLDOMNodeList; I: Integer; UnitName: string; begin XmlDoc := CoDOMDocument60.Create; XmlDoc.SetProperty('SelectionLanguage', 'XPath'); XmlDoc.validateOnParse := False; XmlDoc.preserveWhiteSpace := False; XmlDoc.resolveExternals := False; XmlDoc.loadXML(ParsedUnit); UnitNodes := XmlDoc.documentElement.selectNodes('/UNIT/INTERFACE/USES/UNIT/@name|/UNIT/IMPLEMENTATION/USES/UNIT/@name'); for I := 0 to UnitNodes.length - 1 do begin UnitName := UnitNodes.item[I].nodeValue; if not Stats.ContainsKey(UnitName) then Stats.Add(UnitName, 0); Stats[UnitName] := Stats[UnitName] + 1; end; end;
And last, but not least, let's put all parts together.
var Units: TStringList; FileName: string; Stats: TDictionary<string, Integer>; UnitCounter: TPair<string, Integer>; begin if OpenDialog.Execute then begin Units := TStringList.Create; try GetFileList(ExtractFilePath(OpenDialog.FileName), Parse(ReadFileToString(OpenDialog.FileName)), Units); Stats := TDictionary<string, Integer>.Create; try for FileName in Units do CalculateUnits(Parse(ReadFileToString(FileName)), Stats); memUnits.Clear; for UnitCounter in Stats do memUnits.Lines.Add(UnitCounter.Key + ' : ' + IntToStr(UnitCounter.Value)); finally Stats.Free; end; finally Units.Free; end; end;
That's it. You can see an example of its output on the screenshot in the beginning of this post.
You can download the full source code here, DelphiAST is available on GitHub. This application is much less complicated than this kind of application is usually expected to be. DelphiAST is a powerful tool and it is a must-have if you are going to automatically process your Delphi source code.
We're hearing from people familiar with the matter that Samsung — which had originally planned to announce its 2012 flagship Galaxy S III phone at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona late next month — has now decided to delay the news. It's unclear when or where the new announcement will be, but we're told that it'll still be out there "before summer." Though MWC seems like a logical choice for the GSIII's unveiling (the GSII was announced there last year), the speculation is that Samsung was uncomfortable with another long lag between the global launch and US availability. The US is a key market for Samsung's mobile business, of course — particularly when the company is successful in getting most or all national carriers to pick it up.
While we don't know what exactly Samsung will be announcing at MWC in the GSIII's place, we understand the company will have "interesting stuff" — perhaps a Galaxy Tab refresh, especially since the 10.1 is getting long in the tooth and we're due for a round of quad-core updates in 2012. A new Windows Phone portfolio is another possibility; there have been rumors that Microsoft will make an announcement at the show, and Samsung is about as strong a Windows Phone partner as Microsoft has outside of Nokia. We'll be following this story closely as it develops.
Update: German blog BestBoyZ, which has been accurate in the past, is reporting the same thing.
12 Super Fat Burning Foods That Can Potentially Help You Melt Fat
The human body is made up of many various basic components and fat is certainly one of them. Generally speaking, there are two types of fat, namely essential fat and storage fat contained in our body that function both in good and bad ways. Essential fat is an indispensable require for the normal functioning of the body. Storage fat is gathered underneath our skin and other different parts of our body. Apart from playing a positive role to protect our body, storage fat may be potentially dangerous for you if it increases drastically in our bodies.
Most storage fat tends to expand gradually but the amount of time it takes to develop depends on consuming saturated and unsaturated fats in his body. The proper percentage of storage fat one need varies from gender to gender and age to age. The most normal and healthy amount of fat for men is 8-19% while women can carry 21-35% of storage fat in their body. To lose weight get rid of storage fat, we need to change lifestyle and eating habits. A proper and healthy diet can enable you to burn out extra calories that are unnecessary and harmful in your daily consumption.
Appurse here to provide you an extensive list of fat burning foods that may help you to solve this annoying fat issue.
1. Grapefruit
Having half a grapefruit right after you get up is helpful to detoxify the body by getting rid of bad toxins. The abundant vitamin C it contains will cheer up energy and function metabolism properly. Eating half a grapefruit thirty minutes before having meals will prevent overeating.
Cablevision entered the wireless service fray on Monday with Freewheel, a Wi-Fi-based phone service that will cost as low as $9.95 a month.
That price is for current Cablevision subscribers; those who sign up for Freewheel as a standalone service will pay $29.95 a month (those prices don't include the $99 for a Moto G, which is required access the service). The phone won't work out of Wi-Fi range, but Cablevision will give Freewheel customers automatic access to the Optimimum Wi-Fi network of 1.1 million hotspots.
Cablevision CEO James Dolan cited the "growing shift to Wi-Fi-driven consumer electronic devices and services.
"As a company, we are focused on providing services for these consumers and solidifying our position as the New York market's premier connectivity company," Dolan dded. "Freewheel is the next leap forward in the advancement of the connected lifestyle, and our Optimum W-iFi network and the prevalence of W-iFi nationwide serves as its foundation.”
Cablevision's entry comes after T-Mobile announced Wi-Fi-based calling and texting in September. T-Mobile's plan is designed to augment areas in which T-Mobile's wireless network provides weak service. Sprint also offers Wi-Fi-based calling for Android phones.
Smaller players have also attempted to use Wi-Fi to pare down wireless costs. Scratch Wireless charges $99 for a Motorola Photon Q and then has no fees at all, unless you want to tap into Sprint's wireless network (prices range from $1.99 for 24 hours to $24.99 a month for unlimited data). Republic Wireless also offers Wi-Fi-based plans employing the Moto G and Moto X that range from $5 a month (100% Wi-Fi) to $40 a month ("unlimited" 4G service up to 5 GB via Sprint's network.)
AT&T, meanwhile, is expected to begin offering Wi-Fi-based calling sometime this year. Verizon is expected to do the same in mid-2015.
@JumpMan23
The greatest basketball player of all time welcomed the college football program with the most wins of all time into his extended family Thursday.
Michael Jordan and his Jordan Brand brought aboard the Michigan Wolverines, adding the “first football team to the Jordan family,” per the man himself:
While Michigan has struggled in recent years and fallen behind blue-chip programs such as Ohio State and Alabama on the field, there is plenty of momentum and energy building within the program. A major reason for that is new coach Jim Harbaugh, who returned to lead his alma mater this offseason after a stint in the NFL with the San Francisco 49ers.
Darren Rovell of ESPN pointed out that Harbaugh was the driving point behind the new agreement:
Harbaugh wasted little time Thursday reacting to the news:
On paper, this pairing makes plenty of sense. The Jordan logo is one of the most iconic in all sports, and the winged helmets and maize and blue jerseys of Michigan are some of the most famous uniforms in college football.
What's more, this could help the Wolverines once again climb into the upper echelon of college football. It may take some time, but adding the Jordan brand to the program could theoretically help in recruiting. Harbaugh can pitch the opportunity to wear the Jumpman logo in practice and during games.
The combination of Jordan, Harbaugh and the prestige of being the all-time winningest program in college football history will be tough for opposing coaches to beat on the recruiting trail.
“Is this not a danger? I think a study should be initiated”
By THOMAS ROHNER
Nunavut MLA Pauloosie Keyootak suspects the trickster raven might be playing fatal pranks on Inuit in a most filthy way—with its own feces.
The member from Uqqummiut used a member's statement at the Legislative Assembly in Iqaluit Feb. 22 to sound the alarm on what “many of you may not have thought about,” but what has been his “concern for a long time.”
“Ravens drop their feces on our doorsteps and our entrance-ways, right along the paths we use. We then enter buildings after stepping on their feces. Is this not contributing to the increase of illnesses [in Nunavut]?” Keyootak asked, his message televised across the territory.
“Is this not a danger? I think a study should be initiated. There are too many ravens.”
Keyootak did not provide any anecdotal or other evidence for his concern.
But the MLA, elected to the legislature in a 2015 byelection, pointed to the raven as a possible explanation for some of the most serious diseases afflicting Nunavummiut.
“The number of people who get diseases with cancer seems to be increasing. It's impossible to tell how they get those diseases,” Keyootak said.
“I don't think they have thought about the possible impact of ravens,” he said.
“There are just too many ravens in my community.”
Keyootak has been one of the more quiet MLAs during question period since he joined the legislature in 2015.
He won his seat in a byelection to replace former MLA Samuel Nuqingaq, who was booted out by his peers because of chronic absences from the house.
Some scientists raised concerns in the mid-2000s that avian bird flu might make its way to the Arctic.
Nunavik devised a pandemic response plan to the bird flu scare.
With another territorial election set for late this year, Keyootak may be focusing on what he thinks could become an election issue: pesky ravens.
“I will be asking questions at the appropriate time,” the MLA said in his Feb. 23 statement, but he has not raised the issue again, as of Feb. 27.
Keyootak formerly served as president of the Qikiqtani Inuit Association.
This week's episode of “Survivor: Heroes vs. Healers vs. Hustlers” kicked off with a tribal shuffle, with castaways instructed to take off their buffs and scramble into three new tribes: Levu, Soko and Yawa, with the latter tribe finding themselves at Tribal Council.
Things take a crazy turn, however, when Joe plays a hidden immunity idol that effectively blocks all the votes for him, and when the dust settled it was former NFL cornerback Alan Ball who found himself going home.
Robert Voets/CBS ©2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved
RELATED: ‘Survivor: Heroes Vs. Healers Vs. Hustlers' Patrick Interview: ‘Lauren Was Supposed To Be Going Home'
ET Canada caught up with Alan to get his feelings on being the fourth contestant to be voted off of “Survivor: Heroes vs. Healers vs. Hustlers”.
Why do you think it was you that went home?
“I think for Joe, who was kind of calling the shots for him and Desi, I think I was the bigger threat. I think life at camp for him would have been much smoother, and will be much smoother, trying to bully Ashley and figure out a way to work with that as opposed to bully me and figure out the right way to work with Devon. So I think if anything happened he had to take a shot at me and get me out of there. I was a bigger threat to him.”
How justified do you feel your idol paranoia was?
“I kind of want to leave that unanswered. [Laughs] I feel like we're yet to see exactly where I was at with that. I still believe Ashley and J.P. had something between them, even though I'm off the show. It got me nowhere doing that, but I still believe there was something between them that's gonna come out eventually”
How much did the hunger and the elements affect your mood and your rationale?
“Not that much. You get hungry, but at times, when things are going on, you forget you're hungry. I think the hardest thing to do is sleep when you're hungry out there. I think, you know, you lay down and those growls in your stomach don't let you fall asleep. And then you wake up a little earlier than you would like to because you're hungry. But as far as it came to game play, yeah, I think everybody would have been a little bit stronger, a little bit faster when it came to challenges on a full stomach. But I think when the game gets going it's one of those things, you forget about the elements and you're there for a reason and you go through with it.”
What attributes from the NFL do you feel you brought to “Survivor”?
“I think, competitiveness. A little bit of aggression. I think confidence. And I think you have to have a little bit of cockiness and arrogance about you to step out there on Sunday and play the game you want to play. You might not be a cocky, arrogant person, but at times you gotta play with a little bit of swag, and I think I added a little bit of that, a little bit of flair to my game.”
Looking back, how would you have trained for “Survivor” differently?
“Wow, I don't know. That's a good question. I think I was pretty well trained. I think I would learn how to throw a lasso around a sled, I think I would practice that. But other than that I think I was pretty well trained. Those challenges that pop up, there's no way to train for them, so I think you just gotta be in the best shape possible, expect the unexpected and be ready to do whatever you can to try to get a win.”
Were you finally able to master the coconut?
“I was finally able to master the coconut. Now I feel like I'm a coconut pro, I am accepting the coconut challenge. You can find me on my Instagram, it'll soon be up, @alan18ball, the coconut challenge will start soon.”
What was it like being at home watching the episode?
“It was fun. It was definitely entertaining. I had a good time out of it, I had some good laughs, it was fun to watch it with the family. Everyone enjoyed it. The people that really know me know what I'm about and really enjoy watching me because they know me and they know I'm just having a good time. So it was fun.”
Would you ever play again?
“Absolutely. No question.”
“Survivor” airs Wednesdays at 8 p.m. ET/PT on Global.
Alright, this is going to be quite long, but bare with me, it might be to your advantage.
My Secret Santa /u/InherentlyEvil's present got stuck in the mail for about almost two months (God knows how my country's postal service managed to screw this up) so I had kind of lost hope that it would get to me at all. Custom officers can be weird around the holidays. My Secret Santa messaged me and I told her that the present hadn't arrived and the tracking website had just stopped updating the status a long time ago. Well, I thought, I would just have better luck next time. Secret Santa did her best, so no big deal, right? Wrong. InherentlyEvil wouldn't have any of this so she just went shopping AGAIN and made sure Amazon would take care of it this time. My SS and my "rematch" were the same person, so to speak.
I had asked her for something local from her home region, the weirder the better, and she sent me three cool gifts: - A Boston Red Sox cap, because Red Sox fans can be weird sometimes - A "Weird New England" book with hilarious and WTF-worthy things about New England, because it doesn't get much weirder than Lord Timothy Dexter - A Nerf gun, because holy shit, a f****n Nerf Gun!
By the time I got all this cool stuff I had moved to another place in another city. Now this weekend my former roommate visited me and brought a package that had been delivered to my old address a few days ago. Inside I found - A "Weird Massachusetts" book, much like the "Weird New England" book - Delicous Fluff and peanut butter (my life has become so much better now that I know the Fluffernutter exists!) - Another Boston Red Sox cap :D
So, that leaves me with one more thing to do: Now that I have two caps and two similar books, I want to spread the joy, as InherentlyEvil suggested. Just tell me in a PM why you could use one of the two items and promise to send a nice postcard to InherentlyEvil. I'll pick the two people with the best reasons and send the stuff to them.
Thank you so much for your thoughtful presents and your effort, InherentlyEvil, this exchange was perfect!
Reduce time spent in the kitchen preparing meals with the help of this 6-quart electric pressure cooker--it cuts cooking times up to 70-percent when compared to traditional stovetop cooking methods. The unit traps steam inside, which builds up pressure to create hotter temperatures, and its tight seal locks in heat, moisture, and flavor, as well as vitamins and minerals for exceptionally healthy, great-tasting meals like soup, chili, and other one-dish entrees. It also works well for cheesecake and custard, because dessert should never be left off the menu. The unit's push-button controls and easy-to-read digital display eliminate guesswork, while its precision digital thermostat regulates temperatures. Choose from preprogrammed settings for high- or low-pressure cooking, browning, simmering, sauteing, and warming. For safety, the cooker must be fully locked for pressure to build, and it will remain locked until the pressure inside drops to zero. Other highlights include a 99-minute timer with an LED countdown display, cool-touch side handles, and a nonstick cooking pot that cleans up easily by hand or in the dishwasher.
6-quart capacity
Fingerprint-proof brushed stainless steel housing
Digital thermostat
Push button control for cooking options and programmed settings
99-minute time and LED countdown display
Cool-touch side handles
Nonstick cooking pot
Trivet included (dishwasher safe)
Dishwasher-safe cooking pot
1000 watts
Shipping Note: Shipping to Alaska, Hawaii, PO Boxes, and APO addresses is not available for this item
Warranty: 90 Day Woot Limited Warranty
A megaphone-wielding student interrupted a conference on racism to attack Iowa State President Steven Leath for “putting [student] safety at risk” and being “racist.”
During Leath's speech at the 2017 Iowa State Conference on Race Ethnicity, a pink-haired student stood up and ranted into the megaphone about her many qualms with Leath before staging a walkout with 40-50 other students, reports KURE.
“I am tired of mine and my peer's trauma being used as a tool of learning for white educators on this campus.”
[RELATED: ‘Trigglypuff' disrupts free speech event at UMass Amherst]
The student addressed Leath's ties to Donald Trump and Mike Pence, alleged issues with diversity on campus, and possible illegal misuse of a university airplane in a speech that was caught on video.
“I am tired of mine and my peer's trauma being used as a tool of learning for white educators on this campus,” the student began while some members of the audience snapped their fingers in approval. “Your refusal to condemn white supremacist propaganda on this campus is an act of violence.”
[RELATED: UNO prof to speak against ‘white supremacist' Trump ‘regime']
The student also complained that Leath has not spoken in support of “trans” and “nonbinary students,” as well as students affected by Trump's travel ban, ultimately accusing him of being “complicit in a system that profits” off of racism, homophobia, and transphobia.
“By allowing Donald Trump on this campus and refusing to shut down white supremacy you have put our safety at risk,” the student said. “You hang out and spend our time and spend our tax money with racists, and you sir, are a racist.”
Leath and workers at the conference allowed the student to finish her rant, wherein she asked audience members to leave the conference until Leath was finished speaking.
Approximately 40-50 students walked out with the student and returned to the conference when Leath finished his speech.
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @amber_athey
Today's question about the Broncos comes from William H. in San Diego. To submit a question for consideration, send an e-mail to The Denver Post's Jeff Legwold.
Q: I'm wondering what the Broncos' plans are for Ronnie Hillman in his second season and if you think he can beat out Willis McGahee for the starting job? Or, do the Broncos want (Montee) Ball to be the starter?
A: William, the Broncos used the 67th pick (third round) of the 2012 draft on Hillman because they believe he can be an impact player in both the run game and as a receiver in their offense.
He did flash those capabilities at times as a rookie last season, including an 86-yard rushing day against the Saints at 6.1 yards per carry.
But Hillman's hurdles were often the traditional ones for a rookie running back in the league — namely maintaining his weight and pass protection.
Hillman said Wednesday that he dropped to about 180 pounds last season. But several people with the Broncos say the real figure was closer to 175 pounds. Whether it was workload, practice schedule or simply living on his own in his first year on a new job, Hillman had weighed 200 pounds at the scouting combine in February 2012 as well as when he arrived to the team.
So, to drop into the 170s is something the Broncos say they want to monitor to prevent from happening again. At the moment Hillman said he's hoping to play the upcoming season at 195 pounds, roughly his current weight as the team goes through its organized team activities (OTAs).
“And that happens with a young guy, his first year in the league, his weight decreases,” said Broncos offensive coordinator Adam Gase. “That pounding that you're going to take running between the tackles — he needs to keep that size.”
With McGahee having been a no-show so far for the Broncos OTAs, Hillman and Ball certainly have the opportunity to show what they can do. Hillman ran with the starters this past week.
And in terms of how he fits in the Broncos offense moving forward, he'll have to show he can be physical enough to run inside on early downs to be the No. 1 guy, and he's shown that potential as a college runner. Then, to play on third down, he's going to have to consistently make the correct choices in pass protection, because the running back often has the last opportunity to pick up the blitzing defender who gets free.
Incorrect choices in pass protection by the running backs are usually sacks. And they are usually the kind of sacks that are finished with big hits on the quarterback. So, it is one of the most important items on a running back's to-do list if he is going to play in those situations.
It was an area Hillman, like most backs who were their teams' primary runner in college, struggled with in his first NFL season. And when the Broncos didn't play him on third down or other long-yardage situations, that was usually the reason why.
Hillman said this week that the coaches have, you could say, made it a point of emphasis.
“It's when they stop trying to talk to you about it, that's when you have to worry about it,” Hillman said. “I appreciate them for doing it.”
In terms of his development, it is important to remember that Hillman played just two seasons at San Diego State before entering the draft. He was one of the youngest players in the draft last year and despite having already played one NFL season, he is still the youngest player on the Broncos roster.
He won't even turn 22 until Sept. 14. So he will continue to try to get what Broncos coach John Fox calls “an NFL body, and that can take a year or two for a young guy.”
Hillman also pulled his hamstring in training camp last year. The injury bothered him for much of the early portion of the season. Couple that with the weight loss, and you have a difficult combination for a running back to show what he can do.
He said he's adjusted his workouts some, is more conscious of getting ready to practice and train because he sees his opportunity as well.
“I do a lot more stretching than I usually do,” Hillman said. “Getting with the trainers and the weightlifting coaches, they work with me a lot more on my flexibility. They get more on me about stretching after practice and stuff. …
“I have the opportunity (like) every guy in here. It's a competition out there and everybody wants to play and get reps. I'm just trying to take advantage of the competition so I'm just trying to earn my spot on the team.”
Jeff Legwold: 303-954-2359, jlegwold@denverpost.com or twitter.com/jeff_legwold
click to enlarge At Cleveland Heights, you can talk about your day-to-day tall people problems. (Photo via Instagram, Jake)
Cleveland Heights, the Forest City's new club for tall people, has announced that its first meeting will take place at Around the Corner this week.On Friday, March 27 from 8 - 10 p.m., folks of all statures are invited to the Lakewood watering hole for food, drinks, an Indians home opener ticket raffle, and conversation with tall people and even taller people.Club founder Tim Gruscinski also toldthat a big announcement will be made at the meeting (sorry, we won't release any spoilers ahead of time).More details can be found on the meetup Facebook page or upon request from the cleheights.com
Clevelander Tim Gruscinski is really stinkin' tall. 6'8," to be exact."It's not every day that I come across someone who I literally see eye to eye with," he toldrecently via e-mail. "But when I do, I feel it's a very immediate bonding because we're used to hearing the same comments and dealing with the same daily struggles."There was one night last year, Gruscinski said, when he was at a bar on W. 25th and noticed a handful of tall men and women standing by the bar. "[I] immediately thought 'hey, wouldn't it be cool if this whole bar was filled with people my height?'"Enter,a social club just for tall people, founded by Gruscinski, his brother Kevin, and a mutual friend, Shawn Sedlak.The general gist of the group is this: A bunch of tall people get together every month at an area bar to discuss topics relevant to a tall person's lifestyle; where to buy clothes that fit, for example, or how to deal with frequently hitting your head on a low-hanging light fixture."After discussing with friends and family, we have decided it would also make sense to use our social functions as fundraisers for local charities and families in need, because why not!" Gruscinski said.Right now, Gruscinski said, the club's in a fairly early stage of development and just trying to gauge general interest."We made a quick website temporarily until we finish developing the full site, and so far almost 40 people have signed up in the few days the website has been live," he said.Cleveland Heights isn't the first or only tall people's club in Cleveland, believe it or not. The Skyscraper Club of Cleveland , which is part of Tall Clubs International, has been active in Cleveland since the 1940s, though it has list of requirements as well as monetary dues for enrollment."Cleveland Heights is entirely a non-profit social club. We will never ask for money from someone to receive or retain membership, nor will we turn anyone away from joining," Gruscinski said. "There is also no height requirement, because we don't look down on anyone."Interested? Visit cleheights.com for more information.The first gathering is slated to take place this spring.
Seven of Italy's best-known olive oil companies are being investigated for allegedly conning consumers by passing off inferior quality virgin olive oil as extra-virgin.
The alleged fraud was first discovered by an Italian consumer magazine in May and then investigated by the authorities.
They announced this week that of 20 brands tested in the laboratory by specialists from the Italian customs agency, nine were found to be lower quality oil.
The producers caught up in the investigation include big names such as Bertolli, Santa Sabina, Primadonna, which is sold through the discount supermarket chain Lidl, and Antica Badia, which is sold through another cheap supermarket chain, Eurospin. The others are Carapelli, Coricelli and Sasso.
They are accused of passing off the slightly lower quality virgin olive oil as extra-virgin – the highest quality and the most expensive.
Extra-virgin oil is made by crushing the olives soon after they are picked in a process that involves no chemicals, heat or industrial refining.
Virgin olive oil is cheaper and generally more acidic.
The alleged fraud is now being investigated by prosecutors based in Turin.
“The damage caused by this deceit is enormous, not just for consumers but also for the entire country and for the image of products that are made in Italy,” said Rosario Trefiletti, the president of Federconsumatori, a consumer association.
“It's a shameful business that requires prompt action by the authorities.”
• Olive oil shortage is a pressing issue, say experts
Maurizio Martina, the agriculture minister, said it was important for the investigation to proceed in order to “protect consumers, as well as the thousands of honest olive oil producers” in Italy.
"The damage caused by this deceit is enormous, not just for consumers but also for the entire country and for the image of products that are made in Italy" Rosario Trefiletti
“For months now we have been increasing quality controls. In 2014 our inspectors carried out 6,000 checks and confiscated oil worth 10 million euros. It's vital to protect a sector as important as that of olive oil,” the minister said.
Italy is the world's second largest producer of oil, after Spain.
Puglia is the most productive region, followed by Calabria and Sicily, all in the south of the country.
Codacons, Italy's principal consumer association, said people who had bought the lower quality oil should be entitled to compensation from the companies involved.
“We invite any family that bought oil from any of the firms caught up in the investigation to demand compensation of up to 5,000 euros,” said Carlo Rienzi, the association's president.
“If these offences are proven, the cost to consumers is enormous – not only the betrayal of trust but also the economic damage for people who have paid extra for an inferior product.”
Coldiretti, an organisation representing Italian farmers, said consumers should be suspicious of oil purporting to be extra-virgin that sold for just a few euros a bottle.
One of the companies under investigation disputed the analysis carried out first by the consumer magazine, called “Il Test”, and then by the authorities, saying they were based only on taste tests.
“These analyses, although carried out by professional tasters, are now widely considered not sufficient to evaluate the quality of an olive oil,” Coricelli said in a statement.
The firm said it had already launched legal action against the analysis conducted by the consumer publication and would “submit all the appropriate counter-analysis to prosecutors in Turin which will confirm that (our) behaviour was fair and correct.”
• Italy's olive oil trail
Italy has long-standing and seemingly endemic problems with fraud in its lucrative food and drink sector.
Photo: Alamy
Air-dried ham produced in Eastern Europe is sometimes passed off as Italian prosciutto and buffalo mozzarella has been found to be made from cow's milk rather than that of water buffaloes.
If the olive harvest is poor, oil is frequently supplemented with supplies from countries such as Greece and Tunisia, but sold as 100 per cent Italian.
In 2011 it was found that four out of five bottles of ‘Italian' olive oil contained oil from other Mediterranean countries.
An investigation by customs officers and the Guardia di Finanza, or fraud squad, revealed that unscrupulous producers were mixing in oil from Greece, Spain, Morocco and Tunisia and passing it off as Italian.
“It's a very widespread problem and it is on the increase,” Elga Baviera, a biologist and expert on food safety, told Adnkronos, an Italian news agency.
“The food production business is full of scams, notwithstanding the efforts of authorities to contain the phenomenon. It's a business worth billions of euros a year.”
• Cooking with vegetable oils releases toxic cancer-causing chemicals, say experts
• Goodbye, olive oil: why we've all fallen in love with rapeseed
Coffee Stain, known primarily for developing the YouTube-fodder sandbox game Goat Simulator, has entered the games publishing business.
“After years of developing games and working with different publishers that did or didn't walk the talk, Coffee Stain figured out how to self-publish with great results,” the company said in a statement. “Now, with chests bulging of goat coin, Coffee Stain opens an initiative towards what the company considers “good publishing'.”
Their first game to be published is by independent Swedish developer Easy Trigger, and it's called simply Huntdown. Featured above, you can view a new trailer for the game.
The game is described as an 80's-inspired, hard-boiled co-op arcade shooter. You'll have to run, jump, and take cover in the chaotic streets of the future. You'll be enabled to kill henchmen, take their guns and weapons, and eventually hunt down the various gang leaders. You can collect their bounty, level by level.
Huntdown will be released for PC and consoles sometime later this year.
That luscious HTC HD2, the near-perfect mobile that had it going on in all the right places, save the WinMo 6.5 OS, is seen here doing the impossible: Running a Windows Phone 7 Series ROM. Updated.
HTC Touch HD2 Review: A Tragedy Let's just get this out of the way: in terms of hardware, the Touch HD2 is the nicest phone in … Read more Read
Advertisement
I say impossible because the hardware just doesn't support Microsoft's chassis requirements for a Windows Phone 7 Series...phone (man, that's redundant). The hangup is the hardware, as the HTC HD2 lacks a dedicated Bing search key.
And yet, in this batch of wishful thinking screenshots, we see that some clever Russian hackers have managed to get the HD2 running an early build of Microsoft's upcoming mobile OS overhaul.
Advertisement
The source says that "everything" appears to work just fine. Wifi, GPS, you name it, with the lone exception being the graphics driver. Reportedly that piece of the puzzle is "choppy" at this time.
A beta ROM release is planned, but no word on when. Possibly "soon."
Updated: Now with video "proof:"
[HTCPedia via Redmond Pie - Thanks, Taimur]
there is no such thing ," during an interview with Korean publications. He cushioned the blow with an info on the of course, in the fall , [there will be] a new model Galaxy Note. This will come out ". Now, Samsung's boss, J.K. Shin, has allegedly denied the existence of a "premium" S5, saying that "," during an interview with Korean publications. He cushioned the blow with an info on the Note 4 , though, reminding us that ", [there will be]".
Apparently, J.K. Shin didn't deny the work on a more upscale smartphone series specifically, but rather just advised that a more decked-out version of the Galaxy S5, branded "Premium," isn't happening. That's not to say that the eventual series wouldn't have its own flagship, under a completely different naming scheme.
In fact, Kwon Oh-hyun, Samsung Electronics' VP, confirmed at the annual shareholder meeting that the company will be maintaining growth “ in key businesses, such as mobile phones, TVs and memory chips, by rolling out premium lineups .” Yesterday Samsung unveiled a luxury line of kitchen appliances (read even more expensive refrigerators), saying that it plans to become number one in this segment within a year, adding more water to the premium device series rumor mill.
Samsung's upscale smartphone portfolio was all a speculation at this point anyway, and, since the latest rumor pegged the first representative for May release , we should know pretty soon if the luxury F series, or whatever it gets titled, is happening at all.
Oh, no, the sky is falling, and the Galaxy S5 Premium isn't happening! We've been hearing for ages about a supposed "luxury" F series phones , coming from Samsung, with top-shelf specs, and premium metallic design , at the respective higher price. Its flagship was always assumed to be a stepped-up S5, with upgrades like a QHD display , and an OIS camera , for instance.
Displaying 1 to 10 (of 71 new products)
A special creation made for the 4th Annual East Coast Wetshavers Meetup. When creating this scent I had to think NJ . NJ is known for many things, ... more info
A special creation made for the 4th Annual East Coast Wetshavers Meetup. When creating this scent I had to think NJ . NJ is known for many things, ... more info
A special creation made for the 4th Annual East Coast Wetshavers Meetup. When creating this scent I had to think NJ . NJ is known for many things, ... more info
Add:
Massepain Luxury Cream
Model:
Price: $15.00
Weight: 0lbs
Date Added: Sunday 16 December, 2018
The delicious scent of almond paste with a light touch of maraschino cherries. Ingredients: stearic acid, water, coconut oil, potassium hydroxide, ... more info
Add:
Vintage Luxury Cream Soap
Model:
Price: $20.00
Weight: 0lbs
Date Added: Friday 19 October, 2018
A special creation originally made for the S.E.R.F. group on FaceBook. The elegance of a lost age recaptured for today. The late 19th and early 20th ... more info
Add:
Vintage After Shave Lotion
Model:
Price: $20.00
Weight: 0lbs
Date Added: Friday 19 October, 2018
A special creation originally made for the S.E.R.F. group on FaceBook. The elegance of a lost age recaptured for today. The late 19th and early 20th ... more info
A celebration of love, Angel Eyes is a blend of citrus, gentle florals, cinnamon and vanilla. Together, they dance and recreate a popular oriental ... more info
Add:
Dirty Prose Eau de Parfum
Model:
Manufacturer: Catie's Bubbles
Price: $60.00
Weight: 0lbs
Date Added: Tuesday 10 July, 2018
A special creation made with a member of the Wetshaving subReddit. An earthy, lightly smoky rose. Alluring, evocative, yet different... Through the ... more info
Add:
Dusk After Shave Lotion
Model:
Price: $20.00
Weight: 0lbs
Date Added: Thursday 22 March, 2018
A soft, sweet blend of honey, amber, hay, and tobacco with a few accents. Slightly warm for those cool spring days but enjoyable year round. 4.0 fl ... more info
Add:
Dusk Luxury Cream
Model:
Price: $15.00
Weight: 0lbs
Date Added: Thursday 22 March, 2018
Heads were scratched across DC Tuesday when the National Review reported Grover Norquist — the Republican Party's fiscal conservative in chief — had signed on to proposed debt ceiling contingency plan suggested by Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell and excoriated by everyone on the Professional Right.
A couple hours after the National Review posted Norquist's initial take on the plan (and as conservative anger at McConnell bubbled up) Norquist pushed back, claiming that he's not endorsing anything, yet.“Americans for Tax Reform President Grover Norquist did not endorse any particular debt limit contingency plan, as has been alleged,” ATR wrote in a blog post. “He did endorse the objective of Leader McConnell's effort to force the President to put his spending plan in writing.”
Though he's not officially endorsing it, Norquist is continuing to say nicer things about McConnell's plan than just about anyone on the right.
“ATR wants to ensure a debt limit deal contains the maximum amount of real spending cuts and absolutely no tax increases,” the post reads. “Leader McConnell has put forth a plan that attempts to put this goal in motion. ATR looks forward to reviewing other strategies that could also achieve this goal.”
Read the whole clarification here.
What the ‘fiscal cliff' deal means for me
Use this tool, based on data from the Tax Policy Center, to see how your family will be affected by the ‘fiscal cliff' plan — and what would have happened if no deal had been reached.
Select one of six family types to see how taxes will be affected.
Single, no children Single, two children Married, no children Married, two children Married, child in college Married, 65 and over
Under the ‘fiscal cliff' deal Taxes will increase by to a 2013 total of If no deal was reached Taxes would have increased by to a 2013 total of
« Previous Next »
How did we get these numbers?
Income level options represent the Tax Policy Center's estimates for income and expenses at the 20th, 50th, 80th, 99th and 99.9th percentiles in each group. See how taxes would change for other types of households and other income levels by using the Tax Policy Center's tax calculator, the source for this graphic.
SOURCE: The Tax Policy Center.
GRAPHIC: Katie Park, Laura Stanton and Karen Yourish - The Washington Post. Published Jan. 3, 2013.
This graphic has been updated since it was published on December 4. See the original calculator here.
As part of a scathing takedown of the debt-purchasing industry, late night comedian John Oliver forgave nearly $15 million of medical debt with a tap of a giant red button on Sunday night.
Oliver called the giveaway the "largest one-time giveaway in television history." He just about doubled the value of Oprah Winfrey's famous "You get a car! You get a car! Everybody gets a car!" giveaway to her entire studio audience in 2004.
The stunt followed a long look at debt collectors on his HBO show "Last Week Tonight," in which Oliver sharply rebuked debt purchasers for unscrupulous behavior that is limited by hardly any regulatory oversight. (HBO is owned by CNNMoney's parent company, Time Warner.)
The segment included a hidden camera brought into a Debt Buyers Association conference by "Last Week Tonight" staffers, which showed panelists appearing to scoff at how Americans don't understand their legal rights about paying their debts.
To further illustrate the lack of regulation and ease at which debt collectors can harass people over money they owe, Oliver said "Last Week Tonight" spent $50 to create its own debt collection agency, based in Mississippi.
Related: The secret world of debt collectors
"Any idiot can get into it, and I can prove that to you, because I'm an idiot and I started a debt buying company and it was disturbingly easy," Oliver said.
Oliver named the company "Central Asset Recovery Professionals," or CARP, "after a bottom-feeding fish." He appointed himself chairman of the board.
After setting up a bare-bones website, Oliver said CARP was offered a portfolio of nearly $15 million in medical debt for just $60,000. "Last Week Tonight" was able to pay less than half a cent on the dollar for all that debt.
Oliver said CARP could have received a file that included the names, personal addresses and Social Security numbers of nearly 9,000 people who owed the debt it had purchased. He called that fact "absolutely terrifying, because I could legally have Carped take possession of that debt and have employees start calling people turning their lives upside down over medical debt."
Related: The debt collector doing government dirty work
"There would be absolutely nothing wrong with except for the fact that absolutely everything is wrong with that," Oliver continued. "We need much clearer rules and oversight."
In the end, Oliver said "Last Week Tonight," decided to forgive all that debt -- not just because "it's the right thing to do," but also because it would trump Oprah's $8 million giveaway.
With the tap of a giant red button, streams of confetti, dramatic music and strobe lights, Oliver transferred the file with the 9,000 debtors' personal information to RIP Medical Debt, a nonprofit that forgives medical debt with no tax consequences for the debtor.
"It seems to me the least we can do for debt I cannot f---ing believe we're allowed to own is to give it away," Oliver said to close his show. "F--- you, Oprah. I am the new queen of daytime talk!"
When Gavin Verhey was eleven, he dreamt of a job making Magic cards—and now as a Magic designer, he's living his dream! Gavin has been writing about Magic since 2005.
The Eldrazi aren't like other creatures in Magic. Odd and inscrutable, they attack in ways that don't quite match anything else.
Or, in this case, they exile.
Save for the stray Warden of the Beyond, it's not very often cards mess with the exile zone. Usually, it's a sacred, off limits place where flashbacked spells and Soul of Innistrad get to hang out together. The Eldrazi, however, are anything but normal, and off limits areas are very natural places for them to show up.
And what to do with those cards? Process them, of course.
By now, you've seen your fair share of ingest creatures. You've seen some exiling spells. You've seen a few Processors. And you might be wondering, "What is the reward that makes this deck tick? What kind of effects can I unlock by eating my opponent's cards?"
Well, let today's preview card be part of that answer.
Wasteland Strangler isn't subtle, tricky, or mysterious. It's not the kind of Eldrazi that makes you rethink everything you know about Magic. However, what it absolutely is can be summed up adequately in a single word: powerhouse.
Let's start by looking at the body. If you're looking to curve out in an Eldrazi deck, 3 power for three manas certainly fits the bill. It can sit on your curve and be an entirely fine body, smashing in or defending as necessary.
But what really makes it juicy is its enters-the-battlefield ability.
Nekrataal saw plenty of play in its era. Skinrender saw a moderate amount (no thanks to Stoneforge Mystic and Sword of Feast and Famine ruling the roost) and was always on the precipice of showing up more.
But at three manas? Now we're talking! That's an incredible two-for-one.
The trick? Of course, you need to jump through the hoop of putting one of your opponent's cards in exile. And if they're not going to be so kind as to delve it away for you, you're going to need some action to help make that happen.
Fortunately, that's pretty easy for an Eldrazi. Let's take a look at a couple of options for playing with Wasteland Strangler in Standard.
Eldrazi Indigestion
Perhaps the first and most obvious place to try Wasteland Strangler in is a deck fielding plenty of ingest! Attack early, ingest some cards, and then take advantage with the Strangler and other Processor cards.
Here's an example of what that might look like:
What's Sludge Crawler, you ask? Keep checking DailyMTG to find out!
You may not know what all those cards do just yet, but the way this deck works is pretty straightforward: Play some early ingest creatures, attack and exile cards, and then reap the rewards with the Eldrazi Processors.
There are all kinds of cards you may may not have considered as enablers for decks like this one already sitting in Standard. Reality Shift is one of my favorites: For two manas, it's a removal spell that also puts a card into exile that's just ripe for processing.
Infinite Obliteration is another. Normally, I wouldn't want to main deck a card like that, since there's a good chance it won't affect your opponent's hand at all. However, when it gives you four pieces of fuel for your Processors, it becomes a lot more interesting! Imagine you slam it on turn three and name, say, Siege Rhino—then you've dealt with all their Rhinos (hopefully one of which is in their hand), plus generated four cards in exile. Bam!
Ghostfire Blade helps tie decks like this together, giving you a benefit for having plenty of devoid creatures. Tomb of the Spirit Dragon helps you race against faster decks.
This is the face of the ingest deck. Once your engine gets rolling, you get a bunch of highly undercosted-for-their-effect creatures. Mist Intruder doesn't look so scary—until it's powering up all of your best cards. (And perhaps wearing a Ghostfire Blade.) I expect to see people building plenty of decks like this one, so prepare yourself now!
Eldrazi Abzan
Of course, Wasteland Strangler fits in more decks than just those centered around ingest. While that deck makes it easy to turn on the ability, there are plenty of other decks in Standard that have incidental exiling.
And what deck features a surprising amount of exile plus a deep-seated love of value creatures? Why, Abzan of course! Let's check out exactly what I mean.
If you thought there weren't already the tools to do some exiling in Standard, think again! Anafenza, the Foremost, Abzan Charm, Silkwrap, and Utter End are all totally reasonable cards for a deck like this to play—and they all happen to exile cards in the process!
Abzan is going to have to adapt in this new format without cards like Sylvan Caryatid and Courser of Kruphix, and this is one such way for it to show up. With that said, it remains as value-laden as ever, looking to pick up overstatted creatures at every opportunity.
Keep your eyes to the Card Image Gallery—I think you'll find there are plenty of cards for decks like this to utilize coming out with Battle for Zendikar. Prepare yourself for the new Standard!
Into the New Standard
To deck builders, there is little as exciting as a brand-new Standard format post-rotation. New cards get to make their mark, and cards from the previous block that never quite blossomed finally get to shine. The world waits and holds its breath as players around the globe simultaneously race to come up with the decks that will shape the entire Standard format!
And that includes you.
Wasteland Strangler | Art by Jack Wang
So take a look over the Card Image Gallery (or wait until the entire set is revealed this Friday, if you'd like) and then send me your decks!
Here's what I'm looking for this time around:
Format: Battle for Zendikar Standard
Restrictions: Your deck should use at least one Battle for Zendikar card
Deadline: Tuesday, September 22, at 6 p.m. Pacific Time.
Submit all decklists by emailing me at reconstructeddecks@gmail.com.
Decklists should be submitted with YOURNAME's DECKNAME at the top. Underneath should be one card per line, with just a leading number. For example:
12 Mountain
4 Zurgo Bellstriker
3 War-Name Aspirant
4 Wild Slashes
. . .and so on. Please don't use anything but a space to separate the card numbers and names—don't write "4x Lightning Bolt," for example. Well-formatted decklists have a much better chance of being read and making it into the column. Poorly formatted decklists are more likely to be ignored. If I can't read your decklist, I certainly can't talk about it!
What wild new archetype will you come up with? It's all in how you use the cards! Send me the best you can do, and I look forward to checking it out.
I hope you've enjoyed the Battle for Zendikar previews so far! This set has a lot of exciting cards—and I can't wait to see them in action!
If you have any comments on this article, the decks, or even Battle for Zendikar in general, I'd love to hear them! Feel free to contact me by sending a tweet or asking me a question on Tumblr.
Well, every song must end—that's all for this week! But don't worry; there's always a fresh new tune right around the corner. I'll be back next week with my first foray into a reader's deck for the new Standard. Join me then, as we begin to chart these fresh waters together. Have fun, and I'll talk with you again soon!
Gavin
@GavinVerhey
GavInsight
Image caption The military parade marked two years since the end of Sri Lanka's civil war
A Tamil policeman from northern Sri Lanka says he feels hurt that he and 25 Tamil colleagues were excluded from a recent parade of security forces.
He said they were pulled out at the very last moment. He believes it was because of their ethnicity.
But a police spokesman said there was no discrimination and it was "wrong" to say anyone was withdrawn.
Meanwhile, a UN official says he thinks a controversial video, purportedly from the recent civil war, is authentic.
'Security problem'
After decades of ethnic tension and militant separatism, members of the Tamil minority, some 15% of the island's population, are under-represented in state institutions.
The security forces are overwhelmingly ethnic Sinhalese. Yet the police have recruited about 600 Tamils in northern Sri Lanka in the past year.
Of them, an elite 17 men and six women were selected to take part in last week's military display marking two years since the end of the war.
One of them told the BBC they were delighted to be chosen and trained, first in the north, then for 10 days in southern Sri Lanka and three days in Colombo.
But, he said, at the last moment a senior police officer asked them to withdraw, saying this was because President Mahinda Rajapaksa's security officer said that their presence in the parade posed "a security problem".
He said the senior police officer was very apologetic but he could do nothing in the face of the order from the presidential department.
The policeman said that after days of training in the hot sun, he and his colleagues felt a sense of "hurt and shame". He believed their exclusion was because of their Tamil ethnicity.
Asked to comment, the police spokesman, Prishantha Jayakody, said it was "completely wrong" to say that anyone was withdrawn.
He said there were established teams of what he called parade professionals; there was no ethnic discrimination in the police department, he said.
But the episode will fuel the sense among many Tamils that the state neither trusts them fully nor treats them equally.
Controversial video
In a separate development, a senior UN official has said he believes controversial video footage, circulated on the internet and broadcast by the UK-based Channel 4 News, is authentic.
The video appears to show Sri Lankan soldiers killing captured and unarmed Tamil Tiger rebels at close range.
The UN's special rapporteur on summary executions, Christof Heyns, said the video had been tehnically and forensically reviewed. He described it as evidence of what he called "definitive war crimes".
But a senior Sri Lankan defence official, Lakshman Hulugalle, said it was "not real" and "not authentic".
"They should get an authentication certificate from a reputed institution to prove that it's not a fake," he told the Associated Press news agency.
Republicans have won votes on a dozen of their amendments thanks to their successful filibuster of the $410 billion 2009 spending bill last week — and one-quarter of that dozen were introduced by Sen. Jon Kyl (AZ), the second-ranked GOPer in the upper chamber.
Interestingly enough, all three of Kyl's amendments deal with U.S. policy towards Palestine at a time when signs are pointing to a possible unity government by Fatah and Hamas. The most eyebrow-raising of the three, however, is a bid to prevent any government money from being used to resettle Palestinian refugees from Gaza to America.
As the Mondoweiss blog explains, an Internet rumor making the rounds on the right has accused President Obama of signing an order to resettle hundreds of thousands of Hamas sympathizers in the U.S. … without a grain of truth to it.
And even Kyl himself seems to acknowledge that his amendment is based on speculation, saying on the Senate floor last week that:
There has been a suggestion that perhaps [refugee resettlement of Palestinians] might be permitted, and we simply want to make it clear that will not be permitted with any funds in this bill.
Duly noted. Though one hopes that “suggestions” won't become the standard for future policymaking efforts.
The second of Kyl's three amendments is arguably redundant: it would prevent any of the $900 million that Secretary of State Clinton has pledged for Gaza reconstruction from going to entities controlled by Hamas … a rule that Clinton has already set.
Kyl's third amendment would require the State Department to report on whether American aid to Egypt could be used to improve the counter-smuggling effort along the Egypt-Gaza border.
Ruger is temporarily discontinuing their 77-Series of bolt-action rifles with no timeline as to when they may return.
Ruger sent out an e-mail today to individuals who are on their registered e-mail list. The message they sent is pretty black-n-white. Ruger is going to discontinue their 77-Series of bolt-action rifles.
This may come as a surprise to many people, but Ruger has been slowly dwindling down their caliber offerings for this model over the years. The remaining calibers that could potentially be ordered or found at your local gun shop are:
.17 HMR
.17 WSM
.17 Hornet
.22 Long Rifle
.22 WMR
.22 Hornet
.357 Magnum
.44 Magnum
A lot of these caliber offerings are pretty niche when you look around the industry. Few companies are making Hornets or revolver calibers in bolt-action rifles anymore, and that is partly why the 77-Series is desirable to a lot of people.
The e-mail that you may or may have not seen was this:
I, for one, am a little disheartened seeing that these Mauser-action rifles will be going away. I would hope that some point in the future they either re-introduce them as a 2nd Generation or 2nd Series type of model or are replaced with an improved, comparable rifle. Their model No. 1 has dwindled over the years as well likely to the popularity and production ease of synthetic stock firearms.
Some of us out there, both young and old, still appreciate a rifle with a good, attractive-looking wood stock. We will see possibly this January if something has been planned all along or if this is just the end of the 77-Series rifle for Ruger.
VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Nov. 16, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Namaste Technologies Inc. (“Namaste” or the “Company”) (CSE:N)(FRANKFURT:M5BQ)(OTCMKTS:NXTTF) is pleased to provide an update on progress with its wholly owned subsidiary, Cannmart Inc. (“CannMart”). Management is excited to announce that the updated Access to Cannabis for Medical Purposes Regulations (“ACMPR”) application has been submitted to Health Canada, the CannMart facility is now under construction and the Company expects a six to eight-week time-frame for completion, pending any delays. Namaste's design goals for the CannMart facility will facilitate the seamless distribution of a wide variety of medicinal cannabis products, which have been sourced both domestically and internationally. Namaste believes that once construction is complete, this state of the art facility will serve as the backbone in servicing Namaste's impressive and growing database of Canadian medical cannabis consumers.
Further to Namaste's press release dated November 14, 2017, the application for NamasteMD, the Company's innovative telemedicine smart-phone app, has been submitted to both the Apple Store and Google for approval, and will available on both IOS and Android devices once approval is received. Additionally, Namaste is pleased to announce that it has engaged multiple doctors and nurse practitioners who will be trained to provide consultations on the NamasteMD app and issue medical documents to Namaste's patients. NamasteMD has been designed to provide a simple process for patients to connect with a doctor or nurse practitioner through a virtual consultation from the comfort of their home or office. NamasteMD incorporates proprietary identity and age verification technology that will provide high confidence verification for all patients. Patients who complete their consultation and receive a medical document through NamasteMD may then connect to CannMart's online portal where they can purchase a wide range of medicinal cannabis products. By utilizing Namaste's innovative technology of machine-learning algorithms and integrating CannMart on the NamasteMD platform, Namaste strongly believes that it will soon become Canada's leading online retailer for medicinal cannabis.
Management Commentary
Sean Dollinger, President and CEO of Namaste comments: “These are extremely exciting times for Namaste as we move forward and implement many new and innovative initiatives. We are very excited about the progress of both CannMart and NamasteMD and believe the next few months will be transformational for the Company. I would like to thank all shareholders for their continued support and in helping Namaste reach these important milestones.”
About Namaste Technologies Inc.
Namaste is the largest online retailer for medical cannabis delivery systems globally. Namaste distributes vaporizers and smoking accessories through e-commerce sites in 26 countries and with 5 distribution hubs located around the world. Namaste has majority market share in Europe and Australia, with operations in the UK, US, Canada and Germany and has opened new supply channels into emerging markets including Brazil, Mexico and Chile. Namaste, through its acquisition of Cannmart Inc., a Canadian based late-stage applicant for a medical cannabis distribution license (under the ACMPR Program) is pursuing a new revenue vertical in online retail of medical cannabis in the Canadian market. Namaste intends to leverage its existing database of Canadian medical cannabis consumers, along with its expertise in e-commerce to create an online marketplace for medical cannabis patients, offering a larger variety of product and a better user experience.
On behalf of the Board of Directors
“Sean Dollinger”
Chief Executive Officer
+1 (786) 389 9771
Email: Sean@NamasteTechnologies.com
Further information on the Company and its products can be accessed through the links below:
www.namastetechnologies.com
www.namastevaporizers.com
www.namastevaporizers.co.uk
www.everyonedoesit.com
www.everyonedoesit.co.uk
FORWARD LOOKING INFORMATION This press release contains forward-looking information based on current expectations. These statements should not be read as guarantees of future performance or results. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from those implied by such statements. Although such statements are based on management's reasonable assumptions, Namaste assumes no responsibility to update or revise forward looking information to reflect new events or circumstances unless required by law. Although the Company believes that the expectations and assumptions on which the forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, undue reliance should not be placed on the forward-looking statements because the Company can give no assurance that they will prove to be correct. Since forward looking statements address future events and conditions, by their very nature they involve inherent risks and uncertainties. These statements speak only as of the date of this press release. Actual results could differ materially from those currently anticipated due to a number of factors and risks including various risk factors discussed in the Company's disclosure documents which can be found under the Company's profile on www.sedar.com. This press release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and such forward looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The CSE has neither reviewed nor approved the contents of this press release.
.- Pope Francis' decision to elevate Bishop José Gregorio Rosa Chávez is unprecedented: not only is he the first Salvadoran cardinal, he is also the first auxiliary bishop to be given a red biretta.
The cardinal-elect, who will receive the honor at a June 28 consistory, is also well-known for his close collaboration with Blessed Oscar Romero, an Archbishop of San Salvador who was martyred in 1980.
Bishop Rosa, 74, has been auxiliary bishop of San Salvador since 1982.
The Pope's May 21 announcement of a consistory to create five new cardinals came as surprise to many, though possibly none more than Bishop Rosa.
“I thought it was a joke,” he told CNA of getting the phone call at 5 a.m. “I never thought that this could happen to me.”
Bishop Rosa also described the appointment as “a charge,” saying he prayed for peace after receiving the announcement: “It's a grace that you have to know how to receive with humility,” he reflected, adding that the office of cardinal is “a service which demands of you a total disposition to martyrdom.”
He also said Mass at the tomb of Blessed Oscar Romero, who he said “shed his blood, like a true cardinal. He shed his blood for Christ, for the Church … this gave me a measure of tranquility.”
Born in 1942 to a farming family in Sociedad, Bishop Rosa was ordained a priest of the Diocese of San Miguel in 1970. He studied at the Catholic University of Louvain from 1973-76, where he obtained a licentiate in social communications.
Under Blessed Romero, beginning in 1977, he headed the Archdiocese of San Salvador's communications office. He also served as a rector and theology professor at the Central Seminary of San José de la Montana.
He was appointed auxiliary bishop of San Salvador in 1982, a position he has held ever since. Today he works as a parish priest and is president of Caritas Latin America.
Like Blessed Romero, Bishop Chávez has been outspoken about government abuses, even publicly naming the alleged killers of four Jesuits, their housekeeper, and her daughter, who were martyred in 1989. He has sustained death threats and accusations of being a communist.
His designation as a cardinal, while his immediate superior, Archbishop José Luis Escobar Alas, was bypassed, suggests that he may be destined for another appointment, after 35 years as San Salvador's auxiliary bishop. It certainly shows Pope Francis' willingness to look beyond the traditional “cardinal sees” for those whom he wishes to give the red hat.
The designation of the auxiliary bishop as cardinal-elect has been well-received in El Salvador, where he is known also for his dedication to work with the poor.
Bishop Rosa was “fundamental in our process of dialogue and negotiation that allowed us to sign the peace accords in 1992,” said El Salvador's Foreign Ministry.
President Salvador Sanchez tweeted: “The pope's announcement fills us with immense gratitude and happiness.” He also offered his congratulations.
Nuestras felicitaciones y reconocimiento a Monseñor Gregorio Rosa Chávez por tan importante nominación como el primer Cardenal salvadoreño. pic.twitter.com/16FbCnnXpx — Salvador Sánchez (@sanchezceren) May 21, 2017
El Salvador suffered a civil war from 1979 to 1992, and gang violence has been a problem in the country ever since. Work against the violence continues, and Bishop Rosa has spoken out against the killing on behalf of the nation's bishops.
Many expected Bishop Rosa to become archbishop when Blessed Romero's successor died in 1994, so with this designation by Pope Francis “his prize arrived,” San Salvador parishioner Estela Henriquez told the Associated Press the day of the appointment.
Speaking to Salvadoran media, he declared: “I dedicate this appointment to Archbishop Romero.”
Elise Harris contributed to this report.
Statement by Rusty Hardin of Rusty Hardin & Associates, LLP August 3, 2018
There has never been an indictment like this in Texas or any other state. The DA's office has no legal precedent in Texas courts and there are no cases on point. And they chose to use this unprecedented charge for a tragedy in which the company and its employees were victims of an unforeseen and horrific event just like everyone else in Harris County. All the experts agreed this was an Act of God of biblical proportions, never before seen and never anticipated by anyone.
It would set an ominous precedent if a company could be held criminally liable for impact suffered as a result of the historic flooding of Hurricane Harvey that no one, including Harris County itself, was prepared for. In any event, there's no foundation for a criminal case against Arkema. Certainly, it would be hard to assert that the company was criminally unprepared, after U.S. government investigators concluded that Arkema's Crosby site had redundant preparedness measures, and the capability to hold steady in the face of a 500-year flood. The Harris County Flood Control District has concluded that, in the area of Arkema's Crosby plant, Harvey was a 5,000-year storm to a 20,000-year storm. It was only when faced with the worst tropical rainfall event ever recorded in U.S. history - one that overwhelmed an entire region - that the Arkema facility was overcome. It's hard to imagine any reasonable, objective person calling that criminal.
Ultimately, in pursuing these charges against Arkema, Harris County will have the daunting task of trying to prove that Arkema anticipated the possibility of six feet of floodwater and then decided not to prepare for it. This will prove to be impossible, because it's not what happened. In fact, federal investigators have said repeatedly that Arkema did not believe such flooding was possible at its Crosby site. The report issued by those investigators shows very clearly that Arkema went to remarkable efforts to keep the site and community safe in the face of overwhelming flooding.
If questions about the "technology of cheese-making" have been keeping you up at night, worry not: Scientists have allegedly discovered bits of pottery that more strongly suggest that cheese-making stretches back more than 7,000 years.
Or, at least, that's one of the explanations behind pottery that has been discovered near a river in Poland. Essentially, the found pieces are sieves  pottery pieces with holes in them that give them an almost colander-like appearance. It's thought that the devices were used to squeeze out the whey from milk curds, which allowed ancient Europeans to remove much of the lactose from the cheese.
That's an important bit, as adults at the time suffered from lactose intolerance and could not therefore otherwise eat large amounts of cheese prior to the straining method being employed. And the effects of this suggested cheese-making stretch beyond its obvious nutritional elements  scientists believe that the lactose-removing process used in cheese-making was one of the factors that might have popularized European dairy farming as a whole.
And several generations of dairy farming, suggests some scientists, might have contributed to, "a biological change in Europeans, the evolution about 7,500 years ago in Europe of lactase persistence  that is, keeping the enzyme lactase, which breaks down lactose, well into adulthood. This changed Western digestive capabilities," said Richard Evershed, of the University of Bristol in England, in an interview with LiveScience.
It was first thought that the hole-laden pottery pieces could have been used for other activities entirely  like beer-making, moving hot coals, or separating honey and honeycombs. However, scientists then tested these pottery fragments, and a chemical analysis uncovered traces of milk-fat residues.
"There isn't a molecule specific to cheese, but when we thought about what other dairy products might require straining, there aren't any other than cheese," Evershed said.
It's also possible that the discovered pottery isn't, itself, indicative of the first time cheese might have been strained and produced in the region. However, textiles that might have been used in the straining process even earlier wouldn't have held up nearly as well as pottery over the years, which makes it difficult to discern the true history of cheese-making in Europe.
As for the kind of cheese that might have been produced from the aforementioned process, it's thought that early crafters would have made a soft cheese  possibly as a result of the ease by which they could have done so. The specific type of cheese, like Cheddar or Brie, remains unknown.
For more tech tidbits from David Murphy, follow him on Facebook or Twitter (@thedavidmurphy).
For the top stories in tech, follow us on Twitter at @PCMag.
Don't believe everything you read on the Internet. You embarrass us all when you do.
So, here is the deal.
We are too gullible.
I've done a bit of a series on the "Faux Christian Controversy of the Week" and it just keeps happening.
This week, two “news” stories made the rounds.
Pastor Arrested for Refusing a Same-Sex Marriage
So, what should you do if you see a story like this?
Well, first, if pastors are going to jail for a ruling from last month, you should be suspicious. OK, not really, you should be totally incredulous.
But, let's say it is a couple of years from now.
If that were the case, it would be EVERYWHERE. It would be on the nightly news.
Did you check ChristianityToday.com? How about WORLD, the Christian Century, or Charisma? They'd all have it on their front page.
But, you say, “It was at NBC.” Well, if something sounds crazy, check the URL. This particular story was on NBC.com.co.
Did you notice the extra .co on the end? That means it's not really NBC.com. Also, click around to the other stories, which literally have text that reads "adfasf weoogsdre gawerags."
You just make us all look gullible when you don't do simple steps like that.
By the way, if you are a pastor you should already know that no one can make you officiate anything. In fact, you can refuse to officiate an interracial marriage. You'd be an idiot and a racist, but you wouldn't be arrested.
Bible Lawsuit
Then, as if we don't look silly enough, there is the Zondervan lawsuit. Just Google to see how many websites ran recent stories about a guy suing Bible publishers because the verses on homosexuality are offensive.
One “news” source includes a column from Rev. Austin Miles. Here is the opening of his “breaking news” story. I'm leaving everything exactly as it was published.
GRAND RAPIDS, MICHIGAN (7/10/15) – When the Gays accomplished their Supreme Court Ruling and ran out dancing in the streets and planting their rainbow flags of victory atop city halls, municipal buildings and the White House, it showed the accuracy of the rest of the story we predicted. My column had been published immediately after that ruling, stating that for homosexuals, this victory would only be the beginning, that they would never be satisfied. They would next demand that the Bible be declared a Hate Book and abolished. Today a sodomite ex-con turned author, Bradley La Shawn Fowler (39 ) sued Thomas Nelson and Zondervan for publishing the Bible, which has references to homosexuality as a sin. He referred to 1 Corinthians 6:9. (?)
This lawsuit could not be the result of the Supreme Court ruling (or President Obama's polices) because it happened in 2008, while President Bush was still in office and seven years before the gay marriage ruling.
The reason you did not hear much about it then is because the courts quickly dismissed it as a ridiculous lawsuit. At five different points in the ruling, the court asserts that Fowler's claims fail and should be dismissed and rejected. That didn't stop Christians from sharing this story as if it were new and potentially dangerous.
Miles has since retracted his article.
It is YOUR job—yes YOURS—to check the facts. Yes, these websites should do that as well, but most are more concerned with gaining your page view than growing your credibility.
Remember, Snopes is your friend. Go and check out these stories before you share them on social media.
There are real issues about religious liberty right now (and more coming). Posting links to fake ones just makes all of us look (rightly) gullible.
How To Fix the False Rumor You Spread
So, if you posted the fake story about the pastor, let me ask you to do three things:
1. Post a retraction.
Really.
Do it.
It's not that hard. It will sting a little bit because you'll have to admit you were wrong, but it's good for you. I promise.
Just something like this would suffice: "Hey friends, I posted a story about _______ this weekend, and it turns out it wasn't true! Be on guard and don't believe everything you read out there! I'll be more careful next time."
You can both admit you were wrong and look out for your friends, telling them to be alert for more fake stories, because these weren't the first and I'm sure they won't be the last.
Integrity is important for the Christian. The Scriptures are clear, especially in the Proverbs.
Proverbs 2:20-21 says:
So follow the way of good people,
and keep to the paths of the righteous.
For the upright will inhabit the land,
and those of integrity will remain in it;
Later, Proverbs 28:18 says:
The one who lives with integrity will be helped,
but one who distorts right and wrong
will suddenly fall.
Do the right thing. Protect your friends from being tricked like you were.
2. Don't excuse it by saying, “Well, it might be true.” Or, “Well, there is something like that." "Or, well, it will be true soon."
No, you were wrong. You fell for a hoax. Say it and move on.
You were deceived. It's ok to admit that. You don't have to try to cover your tracks and make some sort of lame excuse to make yourself look better.
Have some humility, be willing to admit someone fooled you, and move on.
Posting a link to a story about a for-profit wedding chapel on public land won't make it any better because even that was resolved—just say you were wrong and move on.
Seriously...
3. Be less gullible next time.
Wisdom is valuable:
Get wisdom—
how much better it is than gold!
And get understanding—
it is preferable to silver. (Prov 16:16)
"But," you may think, "I'm not wise. I get fooled by this stuff all the time." That's okay, Scripture accounts for people like us. James 1:5 says:
Now if any of you lacks wisdom, he should ask God, who gives to all generously and without criticizing, and it will be given to him.
Finally, the Bible makes it clear:
You must not steal. You must not act deceptively or lie to one another. (Lev 19:11)
Lying is wrong. Don't lie, even if you don't mean to. And make it right if you do.
Don't Post What You Can't Confirm
You may say, "But what if I can't tell if the story is fake or not?"
I've given you several ways to check the veracity of a story, but if that does not work, there is just one solution: don't post it.
If you have not, will not, or cannot confirm a story, do not share it. As Christians, we have a higher standard than even the journalist. We aren't protecting the reputation of an organization or a website, we bear the name of our King.
If our friends and families cannot trust us with this type of news, many will not listen when we seek to share the good news of the gospel.
As Marvel Studios begins putting together its upcoming Captain Marvel film, Brie Larson has emerged as the front-runner for the role in what would be Marvel's first female-led superhero pic, Deadline has confirmed. The Room Oscar winner has been a rumored contender for months and now flies ahead of Emily Blunt and Olivia Wilde, who have been fan favorites for the role. The film is scheduled for release March 8, 2019, with a script by Guardians of the Galaxy co-writer Nicole Perlman & Inside Out co-writer Meg LeFauve. No director has been announced.
The alter ego of Air Force pilot Carol Danvers, she's actually the sixth Marvel character to use the name. She debuted in 1968 as a human ally to the space alien Mar-Vell, who operated on Earth as Captain Marvel. Eventually exposed to some fairly weird comic book science magic, in 1977 she was given her own comic book under the superhero name Ms. Marvel. Danvers continued to appear in Marvel comics over the years under that name until 2012, when she officially assumed the name Captain Marvel in tribute to the original, who was killed off via inoperable cancer in a 1982 story, The Death of Captain Marvel, Marvel Comics' first graphic novel. (Since assuming the name, the Ms. Marvel moniker has been given to Kamala Khan, the first Muslim character to headline a Marvel Comics title.)
Possessing superhuman strength and other abilities along with flight and energy projection, Danvers generally has been associated with Marvel's “cosmic” line of heroes, which also includes the Guardians of the Galaxy and others. Rumor has it Captain Marvel will be making her film debut prior to her stand-alone film in another Marvel franchise, possibly Avengers 3 (formerly Avengers: Infinity War Part One) or Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2. Similar, in other words, to how the studio unveiled Black Panther and the rebooted Spider-Man in Captain America: Civil War.
A little trivia about the name: The first Captain Marvel in comics was Fawcett Comics' Superman-influenced hero first introduced in 1939 and better known today as Shazam. The character was a big seller during the golden age of comics but was taken off shelves in 1954 after Fawcett settled a bitter copyright infringement lawsuit with DC Comics (then called National Comics) out of court. DC later purchased the character from Fawcett, but by that time Marvel Comics had debuted its own Captain Marvel and trademarked the name, leading to DC's use of Shazam.
Variety first reported the Brie Larson news.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Guantanamo Bay is being used to detain what the US government calls "enemy combatants"
The Pentagon plans the transfer of 17 Guantanamo Bay detainees in the coming weeks - a move that would cut the US prison's population to 90, reports say.
US media quote officials as saying Defence Secretary Ashton Carter has already told Congress about the move.
It would reportedly be the largest number of detainee transfers in a single month since 2007.
President Barack Obama wants to close the controversial jail in Cuba, set up during the "war on terror" in 2002.
It is being used to detain what Washington calls "enemy combatants", following the 11 September 2001 attacks in the US.
The first 20 detainees were transferred to the facility on 11 January 2002, and a total of 780 men have been held since then - the vast majority without charge or criminal trial.
Restrictions tightened
Mr Carter recently notified Congress about the planned transfer of 17 lower-level detainees, officials familiar with internal deliberations were quoted as saying by the New York Times newspaper.
Separately, a senior US defence official told the AFP news agency: "We found homes for the 17 [detainees]", adding that several countries had agreed to take them in.
All the officials spoke on the condition of anonymity.
The New York-based Human Rights First organisation welcomed the reported move.
"It is encouraging to see President Obama take decisive action toward transferring these detainees - who have been cleared for transfer by all relevant national security agencies - out of the detention facility," said Human Rights First's Daphne Eviatar.
"But the simple fact remains that the president needs to continue making this a priority if he intends to follow through on his promise to shutter Guantanamo before he leaves office," she added.
President Obama is trying to shut the Guantanamo detention facility before he leaves the White House in 2017.
It is believed that 20 prisoners have been transferred so far in 2015.
The Republican-dominated Congress has tightened restrictions on transfers from the prison, requiring the Pentagon to report that security standards have been met at least 30 days before any such move.
Lawmakers are also resisting attempts to transfer any prisoners inside the US.
Because warm weather isn't deadly enough
Submitted by Eric Worrall
The Federalist has a hilarious article, which discusses Hollywood's big problem portraying Global Warming; It's hard to make a nice day look deadly.
Citing several recent films as examples, they make a really good point. I mean, can anyone think of a Hollywood global warming film which didn't end in a snowstorm?
From the article:
A funny thing happens when Hollywood tries to portray the horrific negative consequences of global warming: they tend to end up showing an Earth that has frozen over. I noticed this the first time in 2004′s The Day After Tomorrow, where global warming supposedly leads to a global atmospheric inversion that buries New York City under a mountain of snow. It was a striking image: a global warming movie whose poster features the hand of the Statue of Liberty poking out of the top of a glacier.
Read it here: http://thefederalist.com/2014/07/01/global-warming-the-movie-starring-freezing/
Snow is scary – it is cold and dangerous weather, which turns friendly and familiar environments into death traps. And that polar vortex thing out of “The Day After Tomorrow” – terrifying, as if the ice was a malevolent presence, reaching out to suck the last breath of life from the heroes.
But hot weather – if it's really hot, it's uncomfortable, but it's hard to imagine dying, because today is perfect weather for a trip to the beach.
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
ROSZKE, Hungary -- Disturbing cell phone video appears to show migrants at the main refugee camp in Hungary being fed like a herd of caged animals in a holding pen.
Hungarian police in surgical masks and riot helmets chuck sandwiches into the crowd of desperate migrants fighting one another for food.
The Hungarian authorities present a very different picture; providing government handout video that shows police distributing food to migrants in an orderly fashion.
But CBS News correspondent Charlie D'Agata says in reality, there's nothing orderly about the way the thousands of migrants who have flooded into Hungary are treated, from the moment they step foot into the country.
D'Agata and his team watched Friday morning as police tried to clear out a tent city of migrants, ushering them onto buses.
In the mud, chaos and confusion, nobody knew where they're going -- or what awaited them when they got there.
CBS News -- like other media organizations - has not been allowed inside the sprawling detention centers at the Hungarian border.
But one man told D'Agata conditions were so bad he and his family had to drink water out of the toilet.
Flash Points: How should the U.S. respond to the Syrian migrant crisis?
D'Agata says volunteers and aid workers have helped pick up the slack, providing hot meals, clean clothing and a warm welcome. They've offered a chance for some to trade in the flip flops that got them this far, for boots better suited to the new terrain -- and the weather.
Volunteer David Wade said he welcomes President Obama's offer to take in 10,000 Syrian refugees, but he also put that figure into perspective.
"In the last three days you've had 10,000 through this border," he told D'Agata. "That says it all."
As I attempted to show in a recent article, René Girard is Durkheim's true successor in the anthropology of the sacred. Durkheim was the first to understand the function of the sacred-bearing institution of religion in maintaining the social order; Girard provided a generative model of the sacred as the solution to the problem posed to humanity by mimetic desire. Sacred ritual, which for Durkheim merely reinforces the attachment of the individual to his society, is for Girard a reenactment of the proto-sacrificial mechanism that generates the sacred/profane dichotomy by discharging and expelling sacred violence and partitioning the profane world into differential roles. Improving on the daring but anachronistic example of Freud's Totem and Taboo, Girard conceives a generative scene of the resolution of mimetic crisis through “emissary murder” as the minimal kernel of the human.
Although higher animals imitate one another's appetitive actions, both positive and negative, in the search for food or in flight from predators, in designating a particular object, the mediating animal does not modify its intrinsic value; this designation neither arouses desire for a previously undesired object nor privileges its specific object over the general category of which it is a member. Consequently, it can modify the appetitive value of the object only in the long-term context of Baldwinian (behavior-driven) evolution. Human mimesis does not need to change the genetic code to influence behavior, or desire itself, because relationships between human beings are mediated by the scene of representation. The disciple does not imitate the master's desire as one imitates a physical gesture; this desire functions to sacralize its object.
The fact that Girard has never considered himself a philosopher makes all the more significant his qualification of mimetic desire in his early (1961) work Mensonge romantique et vérité romanesque as “metaphysical.” Aristotle's term, taken near-literally, designates the sign in a human system of representation, which stands “beside” (meta) physical reality. Thus the metaphysical world is ultimately the world of human language, but alienated from its human origin and set in the heaven of the Ideas. Metaphysics grants reality to the symbolic world of ideas, concepts–ultimately, words–independently of the world they represent; it is a secondary matter whether this reality be explored in itself (idealism) or as a model of the represented world (rationalism). We remain within the domain of metaphysics so long as we ignore the filiation of the word/concept/idea/signified with the ostensive event from which it derives, just as, when we understand desire as a binary relation between subject and object, we ignore the ostensive event by which this object was designated to us. Ignorance of the ostensive origin of the “context-free” concepts of metaphysics is the cognitive analog of the romantic lie (mensonge romantique) of unmediated desire.
The scenic imagination of the Enlightenment constructs an anthropological genesis for the ancients' timeless conceptions of the social order, but remains on the level of politics, the interaction of represented desires. The language by which we represent these desires does not appear to require a collective scene of origin; it is conceived either as emerging from the indexical signs of natural appetite (Condillac) or as the product of a unique faculty of free contemplation (Herder). The Romantics abandoned generative hypotheses for representations of the nature we all presumably share beneath the divisive mediations of bourgeois exchange, and which hold out the promise of the universal harmony that Romantic poets seek to incarnate in images. Romantic politics, exemplified in France by the most illustrious of these poets–both Hugo and Lamartine sat in the legislature of the July Monarchy and were active in the abortive Second Republic, the latter as its first provisional president–equated shared ideas and images with shared feelings, or, in political terms, with shared interests. In conceiving these representations as a source of harmony, the Romantic confuses their deferral of mimetic conflict with the final transcendence of mimetic desire.
The attack on metaphysics begins in earnest after 1848 with the fall of the French Second Republic, the last creation of the Enlightenment bourgeois-revolutionary ethos. On December 2, 1851, Louis Napoleon's coup d'état dealt the death-blow to romantic politics and the human ontology that lay behind it. Here was a seemingly definitive demonstration that harmonious representations did not produce harmony among human beings, but merely deferred for a time their propensity for conflict. Marx, Nietzsche, and their successors see the pacific conceptual system of metaphysics as an ideology to unmask, or, more prudently, to deconstruct. Where the Enlightenment had thought it sufficed to eliminate the historical arbitrariness of the sacred for universal reason to take its place, Marx saw bourgeois universalism as a mask for exploitative production relations. Philosophy/metaphysics does no more than transmogrify the time- and class-bound reason of the current ruling class into universal truths; changing the world begins by demystifying these “truths.” Marx was nonetheless a believer in reason–the reason of history, which “scientific socialism” demonstrated to be that of the proletariat. Nietzsche replaces the triumph of historical reason with the triumph of the individual will over the imprisoning force of falsely universal truth. This paradoxical struggle of the Nietzschean self with its “own” representations has been the obsession of philosophy ever since, even of analytic philosophy, haunted by the same paradoxes in a drier, logical form.
The postwar, postmodern world marked by Hiroshima and the Holocaust inspired a new radicalization of the scenic imagination. A world where the deferral of violence would henceforth be “forever” the most crucial preoccupation saw every context-free Idea as potentially a mask of violence. The most common recourse was to confess this violence at the outset; this avowal of “white guilt” was the chief power-source of the post-war victimary revolution that ended colonialism and so many other formal inequalities. But victimary thinking, whatever its efficacy in the political sphere, is a flight from metaphysics rather than an overcoming of it. The unending task of this overcoming can be carried out only by moving “outside” metaphysics to imagine, on the scene of representation, the birth of the scene itself–by replacing originary philosophy with originary anthropology. This Girardian transformation, the expressed aim of Violence and the Sacred, is already implicit in the analysis of “triangular” desire in Mensonge. Although the prestige of each fictional mediator exists within a specific interpersonal relationship, Girard's analysis makes clear that the mediator exercises his power on the communal scene of representation internalized by the disciple. The collective nature of mediation will later be made explicit, but the triangle of desire is already a minimal model of the community in which the reduction of the triangle to a simple subject-object relationship defines metaphysical desire. This model refutes the pessimistic claim that we are imprisoned within the metaphysical; mediation can be known and rejected, if only for a more distant, more explicitly communal mediation.
To seek to remedy this ignorance of the mediations that direct our desire is less a cognitive than an ethical act, designed to free our desire from the confines of a specific triangle to let it circulate within society as a whole. For Girard, our choice is between a worldly idol and the true sacred, whose truth is understandable in Durkheimian terms as correspondence to the most universal values of society/humanity. This choice cannot be made once and for all; it is an unending process. The same is true in the cognitive domain; as we elaborate models of the human world, we must continually reconnect them to their origin in the deferral of violence. Metaphysics is the instrument of our conquest of nature, but, in the human sphere, we must move toward its overcoming, as we seek to overcome the resentments of mimetic desire. The fact that we communicate in context-free declarative sentences does not absolve us from the task of hypothetically reconstructing the scenic context within which our shared concepts are generated.
Metaphysical desire, like metaphysical thought, assimilates culture to nature. We can only think, or desire, a “natural” object that we apprehend from without; but the source of both desire and thought lies in human representation, which can be understood only from within. The overcoming of metaphysical thought is originary thinking; the overcoming of metaphysical desire is love: this is the double transcendence of Girard's Christian anthropology.
Gareth Porter
IPS
Nov 16, 2010
WASHINGTON – A special envoy from President Barack Obama raised the possibility in a secret meeting with senior Iraqi military and civilian officials in Baghdad Sep. 23 that his administration would leave more than 15,000 combat troops in Iraq after the 2011 deadline for U.S. withdrawal, according to a senior Iraqi intelligence official familiar with the details of the meeting.
But the White House official, Puneet Talwar, special assistant to the president and senior director for the Gulf States, Iran and Iraq on the National Security Council (NSC) staff, said the deployment would have to be handled in a way that was consistent the president's pledge to withdraw U.S. troops completely from Iraq under the 2008 agreement, the official said.
Talwar suggested that the combat troops could be placed under the cover of the State Department's security force, the Iraqi intelligence official told IPS.
The Obama envoy was referring to a force that the State Department had announced in August to provide security for U.S. civilian officials working in Baghdad and four regional consulates in Kirkuk, Erbil, Mosul and Basra. The administration's official position is that the security force is to be manned by private security personnel, as explained in a briefing given by Deputy Assistant Secretary of State Michael Corbin Aug. 17.
Full article here
Having A Supply Of Healthy Foods That Last Just Makes Sense (AD)
This article was posted: Tuesday, November 16, 2010 at 10:59 am
Print this page.
Infowars.com Videos:
Comment on this article
Tom Brady thinks the Patriots will be considered underdogs against Peyton Manning and the Broncos in Sunday's AFC Championship Game and says that winning in Denver would be "as satisfying a victory" as he's had during his illustrious career.
"I think we've overcome a lot of things, a lot of injuries, we've had some amazing comebacks to get to this situation where we finished the regular season 12-4 with a lot of players filling some big roles over the course of the year," Brady told the "Dennis & Callahan Show" on WEEI sports radio in Boston on Monday morning.
"And then to having really played our best football the last three weeks, and now to get a chance to go play one of the best teams in the league, it's everything you could ask for. This is what football is all about."
Sunday will mark the second meeting between New England and Denver this season. The Patriots upended the Broncos in overtime at Gillette Stadium on Nov. 24 in one of the most memorable games during the regular season, erasing a 24-point first-half deficit.
Brady stressed that game's outcome will have no bearing on Sunday's rematch.
"This game is going to come down to who plays the best," he said. "And we'll be able to take some things that we did when we played and study them and prepare for them, but we'll have different things to do, they'll have different things to do.
"Their team is different than when they played us, and we're pretty different than when we played them."
Unlike the first matchup, this game will be in Denver, as the Broncos earned the top seed in the AFC after finishing with a 13-3 regular-season record, one game better than the second-seeded Patriots.
The Patriots were 8-0 at home and added a win against the Colts in the AFC divisional round Saturday night. But they've struggled on the road, finishing 4-4 in games away from Gillette Stadium this season.
Auspicious Signs of LGBT Progress
When people say a Supreme Court ruling for marriage equality would be the end of America, or the worst thing since slavery, or the ultimate calamity, what do they really mean? That their spouses will leave them? Their houses will collapse? Nuclear warheads will be launched? Surely they are not talking about global warming, toxic oil spills, or honeybees dying, since those things are already happening. Perhaps they are doing a reverse fake that requires them to act like drama queens.
Ted Cruz calls "mandatory gay marriage" the "greatest threat we've ever seen," and warns that "liberal fascism" imperils religious freedom. Bobby Jindal's desperate posturing turns him into The Incredible Shrinking Governor. Mike Huckabee vows to ignore SCOTUS, because the Supreme Court is not the Supreme Being. Rick Santorum pledges to fight a pro-gay ruling because he missed biology class and gets gay sex and bestiality confused. Scott Walker, in a lucid moment, says his opinion doesn't matter. Perhaps several candidates forget their meds and are overtaken by a compulsion to crash gay weddings.
Most of them seem to realize they are standing on a rapidly eroding sandbar. Some observers suggest a pro-gay decision this month will let GOP candidates off the hook in 2016. That, I suspect, underestimates the persistence of dead-enders. After all, some southerners still cling to their Lost Cause 150 years after the Civil War's end. Our opponents bellow and bluster like hikers trying to scare off a bear, but the big, dark stranger keeps closing in, as if their Bible study tape were switched with a porn fantasy.
What a difference two generations make. The 8th and 10th grade students I recently met with to talk about LGBT organizing were unfazed by apocalyptic prophecies. They wanted tips on public policy advocacy after visiting their representatives on Capitol Hill. As each group trooped into the lounge at The DC Center for the LGBT Community, I tried to imagine my high school teachers in the 1970s bringing a gay activist in to give a lecture.
The teens roll their eyes at the right's dire predictions and threats of insurrection. They take equality for granted with an ease that eludes many politicians. Their altered expectations will drive change. As Alison Gill, senior legislative counsel at the Human Rights Campaign, said at a coalition event last week, we are winning.
The stream of vitriol from the far right will eventually abate. That is my thought as I relax in the park on a balmy afternoon. It is a day for pleasant thoughts, with dogs and children cavorting as if time stands still. Somewhere, I know, the haters and fearmongers continue working their mischief, even exporting it. Freedom to do good is also freedom to do evil.
But we all need a break. Daydreaming on warm summer days, and books that stretched my imagination, taught my younger self that solitude could be liberating. Shutting out the world for an afternoon makes room to find your own voice. Sometimes, I tell the visiting students, you have to disengage from your nastiest foes. They pay no rent for space in your head.
All around us we see auspicious signs. The movement to end the dangerous quackery of conversion therapy is gaining momentum. Scott Lively faces trial in federal court for crimes against humanity for instigating persecution in Uganda. Pepe Julian Onziema, the Ugandan activist and trans man who won a GLAAD Media Award for his stint on John Oliver's Last Week Tonight, had his nation's ambassador in the audience when he spoke at the National Endowment for Democracy in Washington. Irish drag star Panti Bliss was onstage taking selfies with Gerry Adams of Sinn Fein and Minister for Justice and Equality Frances Fitzgerald on May 23 as the "Yes" votes for marriage equality rolled in. A rainbow over Dublin heralded the breakthrough.
At a Dupont Circle pub called McClellan's Retreat that Saturday night, friends and I toasted the Irish, and Miss Bliss in particular, with a concoction of Jameson's, Smith & Cross Jamaican Rum, Port, Raspberry Homme, and Tiki Bitters called a Musket & Saber.
Each to his own taste, of course. Perhaps Justice Kennedy prefers his whiskey straight.
The capital is the best place to launch a tech business, said speakers at a student-led London Business School event
London's Silicon Roundabout will be bigger than Silicon Valley, making it the best place in the world for tech entrepreneurs to launch their businesses, according to speakers at London Business School's (LBS) ‘#GenerationE' Entrepreneurship, Tech and Media Summit.
Alex Wood, Editor-in-Chief at tech publication TheMemo, said: “Is this the new Silicon Valley? Hell no. We're actually building something much bigger. I'm talking about fashion, media, finance, design, marketing and property. We are the world leader in all of these spaces, and that's what makes London unique.
“Silicon Valley might have billion dollar companies on its doorstep, but London has some of the brightest minds in fashion and design – all you've got to do is add a little bit of technology.
“London, I really believe, is the best place to launch your company, because all the ingredients are right on your doorstep. You just need to add to the mix a little bit of innovation and a little bit of tech and you've got yourselves a really good opportunity.”
Budding entrepreneurs launched more than 600,000 businesses in Britain last year, up from the record 581,000 in 2014. London saw 196,146 new ventures launch, according to StartUp Britain, a government-backed campaign to support aspiring entrepreneurs.
On average, small to medium-sized enterprises contribute 50% or more to GDP, account for 30% of exports, provide 60% of jobs and create 70% of new employment opportunities, according to the OECD.
Wood said: “Over 15,000 start-ups have launched in Tech City, not just last year, but every single year for the last three years. These numbers have never been seen before.”
“Entrepreneurial energy and activity is not just confined to Shoreditch – it's happening all over London.”
Lars Fjeldsoe-Nielsen, an LBS alumnus, partner at Balderton Capital and former partner at Uber in San Francisco, added: “London has a gravitational pull for start-ups and technology.” He also said that with an ever-growing pool of successful founders in London, aspiring entrepreneurs have “more and more people to look up to”.
As the summit took place, the event's title, #GenerationE, trended on Twitter across London.
Cotton fields in Africa.
Photo by ISSOUF SANOGO/AFP/Getty Images
An amazing scoop from Cam Simpson* in Bloomberg (written up, unfortunately, in a slightly confusing way) about the sourcing of Victoria's Secret's organic fair trade cotton from Burkina Faso. It's grown, it turns out, in large part by children who are essentially being held as slave laborers.
This is in part just a story of exceptionally poor monitoring of a fair trade program. But there's actually a specific link as well between organic certification and forced labor. “Without herbicides and pesticides,” Newton writes “Clarisse must defend the crop against weeds and other invaders – by hand.” In other words, organic agriculture is less capital-intensive and thus more labor-intensive than conventional agriculture, so paying a premium for organic cotton creates an extra incentive to add forced labor into the production mix. If you read the story you'll see that this isn't Dixie-style plantation slavery. There's no lord of the manner enjoying the good life as Clarisse labors in the fields. Rather, the farmer who she lives with and works for is very much actively engaged in the back-breaking work alongside her and is hardly living high on the hog. But he does want an extra pair of hands ot help him with the crop, and that means forcing Clarisse to work rather than attend school. It's a tragedy for her, personally, but also very much the kind of thing that will hold the country back over the longer-term.
* Correction, the original version of the article stated that the author's name was Cam Newton.
* Tsvangirai lobbies for regional intervention
* PM says only free vote will resolve crisis
* Tsvangirai: Will do everything to hold Saturday rally
By MacDonald Dzirutwe
HARARE, March 18 (Reuters) - Zimbabwe is sliding into a police state and regional leaders should intervene to save the unity government, Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai said on Friday as police banned a weekend rally he was due to address.
“It appears to me that the civilian authority is being undermined and we are fast deteriorating into a police state,” Tsvangirai said.
Tensions are rising in the southern African country over policy differences between Tsvangirai's Movement for Democratic Change (MDC) and President Robert Mugabe's ZANU-PF.
These include ZANU-PF's drive to nationalise the country's mines, a move the MDC has urged caution on as the long-battered economy shows some signs of recovery.
Tsvangirai and Mugabe were forced into a coalition two years ago after a disputed poll in 2008, which led to mass violence, a flood of refugees into South Africa and a deeper economic crisis in the resource-rich and fertile country.
The slow pace of pledged democratic reforms is another a source of friction as the security forces remain staunch Mugabe loyalists, and this has led to violent clashes between supporters of the two parties.
Tsvangirai told journalists on arrival from a regional trip that he had warned leaders of the Southern African Development Community (SADC) bloc that the political violence that gripped the country in the past could flare again.
He accused security authorities of arbitrary arrests and said Zimbabwe was again in a “siege mood”.
“I impressed on the SADC leaders that it is their responsibility to intervene to rescue this project (unity government) as they are the guarantors,” he said.
POLICE BAN RALLY
Tsvangirai said only fresh elections would resolve the impasse. But his party would only take part if there was a SADC-backed “road map” guaranteeing free and fair elections.
Relations between the coalition rivals worsened last week when police arrested a cabinet minister from Tsvangirai's party on suspected fraud charges and the Supreme Court nullified the election of another Tsvangirai ally as Speaker of Parliament.
Police have also arrested dozens of activists accused of plotting protests against Mugabe similar to those that toppled long-serving leaders in Egypt and Tunisia. [ID:nLDE72F26K]
Tsvangirai said the police had banned a rally he planned to address on Saturday, saying they feared clashes with ZANU-PF supporters planning to hold a meeting nearby on the same day.
Police have in the last month stopped dozens of meetings organised by MDC supporters as the party restructures ahead of a five-year congress in May, Tsvangirai said.
“So many excuses have been given to try to prevent this meeting from taking place. We will do everything to make sure that this meeting continues,” Tsvangirai said.
Police have previously deployed in large numbers and set up road blocks to stop MDC rallies it would have banned. (Editing by Ed Stoddard and Douglas Hamilton)
Buy Photo An emotional Floyd Dent tells his story about his beating arrest at a news conference in March. His attorney Gregory J. Rohl is in the background. (Photo: Clarence Tabb Jr. / The Detroit News)Buy Photo
The city of Inkster is seeking a one-time tax hike this summer from residents to help pay for a million-dollar settlement with a motorist filmed being beaten by a police officer during a traffic stop.
The July 1 tax bill levies 6.45 mills, city treasurer Mark Stuhldreher said Monday. For a resident who has property with a $40,000 market value, that means roughly $130 more, he said.
Mayor Hilliard Hampton said the city needed to generate enough for the nearly $1.4 million settlement with Floyd Dent, who sued the city over the videotaped beating.
Inkster's liability insurance policy allows only for payouts above $2 million, Stuhldreher said.
Although the city has a surplus and is out of debt, a consent agreement it has operated under for several years restricts tapping the general fund to finalize such settlements, Hampton said. "Our options are limited."
The higher tax is due by Aug. 31, Stuhldreher said. Citing the city's average delinquency rate, he expected 70 percent to be paid through February before delinquent taxes are turned over to the county, with the rest by late June 2016.
The tax hike is the latest fallout from the January beating incident.
Last week, a judge ordered the former police officer captured on video striking Dent to stand trial on charges of misconduct in office and assault with intent to do great bodily harm. Judge Sabrina Johnson also allowed the prosecution's request for an additional charge of assault by strangulation: a 10-year felony.
Dent was the lone witness called during former Officer William Melendez's preliminary examination.
Melendez, who faces arraignment in Wayne County Circuit Court next week, was fired from the Inkster Police Department in April. Two other officers were suspended up to 30 days for their roles in the incident.
Vicki Yost, the city's police chief at the time of the beating, resigned days after Melendez was charged. Joe Thomas was named Inkster's interim police chief last month.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/1LZcUo8
Federal Politics: Trudeau still seen as best PM, but Conservatives ‘best to form government'
Almost half (45%) say it's ‘time for a change in government' – the highest mark since Liberals took office
September 28, 2017 – It was a turbulent summer for Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and his government, which has faced criticism for its handling of the surge in irregular border-crossings in Quebec, the decision to pay Omar Khadr more than $10 million to settle his lawsuit against the government, and its proposed changes to small business taxation.
As this last critique of the Liberal government continues into fall, a new analysis of quarterly polling data – fielded by MARU/Matchbox and donated to the Angus Reid Institute – finds evidence that Canadian public opinion is changing with the autumn leaves.
While Trudeau retains the approval of half of Canadians, more respondents disapprove of his performance “strongly” (27%) than approve strongly (14%).
And, though Trudeau's overall approval rating remains significantly higher than that of Conservative Opposition leader Andrew Scheer, enthusiasm for Trudeau's party lags behind support for its leader. For the second consecutive quarter, more Canadians say it is “time for a change” in government than say it is not, and more now choose the Conservatives as the best party to lead in Ottawa than Trudeau's Liberals.
More Key Findings:
More Canadians say Trudeau would make the best Prime Minister than Scheer (33% versus 18%), but slightly more say Scheer's Conservatives than Trudeau's Liberals would make the best government (36% versus 33%)
Scheer is seen as the federal party leader best suited to deal with economic issues (29% versus 24% who choose Trudeau)
“The economy” remains a top issue for one-in-five Canadians (22%), even as Canada's economic outlook is rated best in the G7, and Canadians express more pessimism than optimism when it comes to their personal standard of living in the coming year
Index:
Part 1 – Time for a change? More say yes than no
Part 2 – Trudeau seen as best PM, but losing ground on economic leadership
Part 3 – As economy booms, worries remain at household level
Part 1 – Time for a change? More say yes than no
For a second consecutive quarter, more Canadians say it is “time for a change in government” than say it is not. However, the gap has widened from just one percentage point in June to 11 in September, with 45 per cent now saying it is time for a change, compared to 34 per cent who say it is not.
Crucially, one-in-five (22%) are unsure, close to the midway point of the Liberals' four-year term.
As seen in the graph, the government has lost 15 percentage points on this question since this time last year.
This desire for change is driven by older Canadians (those ages 55 and up), where this opinion reaches a majority (50%), as well as by respondents in Alberta (63%) and Saskatchewan (58%). That said, “it is time for a change” is the more common response in every province west of Quebec, as seen in the following graph:
Part 2 – Trudeau seen as best PM, but losing ground on economic leadership
The federal political picture is one undergoing substantial change in 2017. By the end of the year, both of Trudeau's main 2019 challengers will be in place – the Conservative party having chosen Andrew Scheer as their leader in May, and the New Democrats settling their leadership race in October. This quarter appears to show both positive and negative signs for the PM.
First, the positive.
When asked who would make the best Prime Minister, Trudeau retains a significant lead over Scheer. One-in-three (33%) say the PM is the federal leader best suited to his current office, compared to fewer than one-in-five (18%) who say Scheer is the best person for the job.
Scheer has struggled to gain momentum in public opinion since the leadership convention. His leadership bump registered as the lowest for any new party leader in 14 years according to the CBC's Eric Grenier. Whomever emerges as new leader for the NDP will certainly alter this picture in the coming months, as one-in-three Canadians are – at this point – unsure who they prefer.
Half approve of Trudeau's performance
The Prime Minister continues to hold the approval of half of Canadians. 50 per cent say they approve of the job he is doing, suggesting that if many are looking for a change, it's not necessarily Trudeau that they're disappointed with.
Notably, this quarter's approval rating is the lowest for Trudeau since he became Prime Minister. That said, it's roughly comparable to where Jean Chrétien was at this point in his tenure as PM, and slightly above where Stephen Harper was two years into his time on the job, though Harper led a minority government, not a majority.
Trudeau's approval rating remains significantly higher than those of either of the other main federal party leaders, with Scheer's largely unchanged since last quarter (34% approve; 34% disapprove; 32% unsure).
While millennial voters continue to sustain the Prime Minister in public opinion terms (60% approve), older Canadians are a different story. Trudeau's steady decline with Canadians over the age of 55 continues this quarter. Last September he held the approval of two-thirds (66%) on them – this quarter that number drops another four points to 44 per cent, down 22 points over the last year. Canadian ages 35 to 54 hold a similar view – 46 per cent approve of the Prime Minister.
Conservatives seen as best to form government
The bad news for Trudeau and the Liberal party? Though Canadians don't yet view Andrew Scheer as preferred Prime Minister material, they may be beginning to see his Conservative Party as a federal government in waiting.
While Trudeau's approval rating remains relatively high, and he remains seen as the party leader best suited to be PM, Canadians no longer see his Liberal Party as the one best suited to form government.
Rather, it is Scheer's Conservatives who lead on this key metric (36% to 33%) for the first time since the Liberals took office:
Again, Alberta and Saskatchewan lead the way in their preference for a return to CPC rule, but the preference for a Conservative government is notably 10 points higher than the preference for a Liberal one in Ontario, as well:
Scheer seen as best leader on economic issues
Asked which leader is best suited to deal with the economy, Canadians are more likely to choose Conservative leader Andrew Scheer than Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, though one-in-four (24%) are “not sure”:
Scheer's lead on economic issues marks a continuation of an advantage he has held since assuming the Conservative leadership. While macro-economic issues are not necessarily top-of-mind for most Canadians today, many still express concerns about their personal economic futures, as will be discussed in the following section.
Part 3 – As economy booms, worries remain at household level
When Canadians are asked about the top issues facing their country today, fewer than one-in-four (22%) mention “the economy.” This marks a significant decline since last year, as seen in the following graph, and it comes as national economic outlooks have been among the rosiest in years.
The International Monetary Fund projects Canada to lead the G7 in economic growth in 2017, and the Bank of Canada has twice raised interest rates this year in anticipation of a sustained robust economy.
The fact that Trudeau does not seem to be getting credit for this positive national economic assessment – as seen in the larger number of Canadians who say Scheer is best on the economy – may be related to his government's ongoing efforts to amend the tax system for small businesses. These proposed changes have angered small business groups and professional associations, and have been generating negative headlines for the government in recent weeks.
Concern over the economy as an issue is apparently inversely proportional to the quality of the economy itself – at least at a macro level. For the first time since 2014, “the economy” is not the overall most-mentioned issue facing Canada today. That distinction goes to health care, though economic issues still loom large – occupying the next four places on the list – as seen in the following graph:
As the Angus Reid Institute has previously reported, concern over deficits and government spending has risen considerably since the Liberals – who campaigned on a promise of “modest deficits” – formed government.
Similarly, the number of Canadians naming “taxes” as a top issue has increased by 7 percentage points since last quarter, a change likely related to the government's ongoing efforts to reform the tax system for small businesses, which have angered small business groups and professional associations.
These lingering economic concerns translate into a Canadian public that may not be thinking of the economy as a key federal issue, but isn't exactly optimistic about economic issues in their day-to-day lives either.
Standard of living concerns increase
While fewer Canadians say the economy is a top issue in the country today than at any point in the last two years, they remain pessimistic about their household economic futures (and recent pasts).
Canadians are slightly more likely this quarter than last to say their standard of living has worsened in the last year. This represents something of a return-to-form after two quarters in which the percentage saying things are worse now than 12 months ago had fallen to their lowest points since 2010:
In a similar vein, Canadians remain pessimistic as ever about their standard of living a year from now.
The Angus Reid Institute (ARI) was founded in October 2014 by pollster and sociologist, Dr. Angus Reid. ARI is a national, not-for-profit, non-partisan public opinion research foundation established to advance education by commissioning, conducting and disseminating to the public accessible and impartial statistical data, research and policy analysis on economics, political science, philanthropy, public administration, domestic and international affairs and other socio-economic issues of importance to Canada and its world.
Click here for the full report including tables and methodology
MEDIA CONTACT:
Shachi Kurl, Executive Director: 604.908.1693 shachi.kurl@angusreid.org @shachikurl
Related Posts
“The producer would say, ‘Second Floor says you need to change her hair or her blouse, have her hike up her skirt or put on more makeup,'” says a former contributor at Fox News who spoke to Forbes under the condition of anonymity. “Roger watched everything... and during the day he would say, ‘Tits up, hair back.' That was his M.O.”
These "second floor" recommendations are one of many examples of the sexually charged culture fostered by Ailes at Fox News and Fox Business News, the two networks he created and ran for parent company 21st Century Fox.
Following a lawsuit filed against Ailes earlier this month by former anchor Gretchen Carlson alleging sexual harassment and retaliation, FORBES spoke to a number of former Fox employees to get a sense of what went on behind the scenes during the Ailes era.
21st Century Fox declined to comment on many aspects of this story. Representatives for Ailes did not respond to requests for comments. The former employees, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, described a culture of objectification of women and an unwillingness to stand up to superiors, including the authoritarian and god-like Ailes, who earned an extraordinary degree of autonomy from his notoriously hands-on boss, media tycoon Rupert Murdoch, due to the unprecedented success he brought to 21st Century Fox.
Ailes' ability to remake conservative talk radio on television drew phenomenal ratings, making Fox News the most-watched cable news channel for the past 15 years. In 2016, Fox News has averaged 2.2 million nightly prime-time viewers, according to Nielsen, almost double second place CNN's average of 1.16 million.
With those ratings came profit. Fox News and Fox Business Network brought in about $2.5 billion in revenue last year, according to SNL Kagan data analyzed by the Pew Research Center. The networks have an estimated operating profit of $1.6 billion per year, or almost 25% of 21st Century Fox's total operating profit, according to Pivotal Research analyst Brian Wiesert. And much of this success was attributed to Ailes himself.
A major part of Ailes' formula for boosting ratings: sex appeal.
Turn on almost any Fox News program and you'll often see a thin blonde, often large-chested, invariably heavily made up, wearing a fitted and brightly colored dress or skirt, visible through the transparent desk.
Skirts were “a requirement,” says one former producer, who worked at Fox News for eight years. “I feel there was a lot of pressure at Fox to be younger, prettier, more attractive, a sex pot... it trumped journalistic chops.”
The producer recalls that when he first started, there were two weekend overnight anchors who were fired. Both were experienced and, he says, good at their jobs, but also in their 50s. While no one ever said that they were terminated due to their age, the former producer says that they were replaced by people 30 years younger.
A former anchor recalled a contributor who claimed her contract required her to remain a size four—very thin, especially considering she was 5'9''.
A Fox News spokesperson told FORBES this was untrue: "Nothing like this existed in anyone's contract - anchor, host, reporter or contributor."
The former contributor said that he knew female anchors who chose to wore waterbras to enhance their cleavage due to pressure from higher-ups.
“There's no clause whatsoever in anyone's contract about a dress code,” a Fox News spokesperson told FORBES.
Yet according to our sources, this focus on the on-air talent's appearances came straight from Ailes, who insisted television was a “visual medium,” a phrase echoed by most of the people interviewed.
“[Ailes'] philosophy was always ‘We need to have a more visually compelling product, something people will watch even if the volume is muted'...to some extent this eye candy theory was probably true,” the producer says, and what Fox News' largely older, white male viewers wanted to see.
“The Fox look is one of the differentiating factors in Roger's mind,” the former contributor says.
The most popular hosts seemed to take this to heart, ensuring their shows featured attractive women, he says.
“That was always a priority to O'Reilly: you could get a dumb segment on the show if she was hot enough,” the producer says, recounting a segment called “Hot for Words” (the title came from the host's website) an etymology segment hosted by a woman who he says was “no dummy, but also happened to be really hot, Russian and large-chested.”
The focus on the physical created a culture in which objectification became the norm, these former employees say, and often went beyond just a short skirt and more lipstick. Women were sexualized on and off camera.
One look at this supercut of Carlson on air made by Bloomberg matches the picture our sources painted -- she is repeatedly treated as a dumb accessory to her male co-hosts.
“Is Gretchen as cute in person as she is on TV? She's gorgeous!” one co-host claims, followed by clips of co-hosts and guests calling her “beautiful,” “hot” or “a babe.”
In another clip, she is asked if waxing hurts, and in yet another, she sits as her co-host asks a correspondent whether she prefers a female or male masseuse.
“Women were supposed to look good and rarely--until Megyn [Kelly] got going--did their intellect or combativeness match their looks,” the former contributor says.
But it often went further, according to the former contributor and many women who have spoken out to other publications, with women experiencing advances from bosses or co-workers.
Carlson's lawsuit alleges that Ailes told her, "I think you and I should have had a sexual relationship a long time ago” and asked her to “turn around so he could view her posterior,” calling her “sexy” and commenting on her legs.
Kelly Boyle, a former Republican National Committee field adviser who never worked for Fox News, told New York Magazine that Ailes asked her for oral sex in 1989 after telling her, “You know if you want to play with the big boys, you have to lay with the big boys.”
A New York Times story from this weekend features claims by former Fox News correspondent Rudi Bakhtiar that her superior Brian Wilson asked her to see the inside of her hotel room, wondering if they could be “friends with benefits.”
Carlson, Boyle and Bakhtiar, who all say they rebuffed these advances, also claim they faced retaliation for doing so, whether being let go or denied opportunities at the network.
Ailes has denied the accusations made by Carlson, claiming her contract was not renewed due to low ratings.
“It has become obvious that Ms. Carlson and her lawyer are desperately attempting to litigate this in the press because they have no legal case to argue. The latest allegations, all 30 to 50 years old, are false,” Ailes' lawyer Barry Asen told FORBES when Boyle's claims, along with others, surfaced.
Even Ann Coulter, a notoriously conservative figure routinely featured on Fox News, admitted she has heard stories. In response to certain claims a reporter described to her, she said, “That's it? I have better details than that, from every woman who has ever been employed by Fox, which I have not.”
“One woman, her senior boss was so horrific, I was going to kick his ass,” says the former contributor, noting that the boss wouldn't respond to rebuffs and that it took numerous complaints over the course of eight years for him to get fired. “He wanted to sleep with her and asked her to go out or make out with him at social events...he wasn't the only one.”
He also says there was a near-constant stream of inappropriate comments, “It was mind-boggling, and I would say on a daily basis, if there's a camera up there, you guys are f**ked,” he says of Fox Business Network, recalling inappropriate behavior, such as men asking women if they were “on the red” if they were running slow.
And while some women have come forward to complain, most swept their discomfort under the rug, said both the former producer and a woman who worked on the business side of the network for over five years.
“If someone was uncomfortable, they'd be afraid to complain. You don't want to be pegged as the liberal politically correct employee there,” the producer says.
“I think people were afraid if they spoke out, Fox would ruin their careers,” he says. “They had a rep for going after critics pretty hard.”
The woman who worked on the business side says,“When I left, at my exit interview, I didn't say anything because I felt I wouldn't get a reference and would lose all the time I put into the company.” She says her resignation came after she could no longer stand the “toxic work environment.”
“We'd have meetings where I was the only female, and we'd be on a call. If it was a woman on the line, the guys would look up pictures of her on Facebook,” she claims. “He would turn around the computer and say, ‘She's f**king hot.'”
She says that after one of these meetings, she'd had enough. “It was very misogynistic,” she says of the entire culture.
Still, complaints were sometimes met with action. “We had a guy on our show fired because he said something about an anchor looking great,” the former contributor says, although he claims that female anchors had more success in having action taken in response to their complaints.
Legal action seemed like a limited option, according to many sources, since Fox News seemed happy to settle many claims of sexual harassment or discrimination without dismissing or punishing the accused employees.
In a Hollywood Reporter column, Michael Wolff, who has written a biography of Rupert Murdoch, wrote that “settlements are the cost of the kind of newsroom culture that, in Murdoch's view, distinguishes his company from others.”
In 2004, O'Reilly reportedly paid Andrea Mackris, a former producer on the O'Reilly Factor, between $2 million and $10 million to settle a sexual harassment suit. In return, she had to keep quiet about the alleged phone conversations in which they reportedly spoke about vibrators and sexual fantasies.
In 2005, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission sued Fox News on behalf of four female employees who alleged sexual harassment, claiming then Fox News VP Joe Chillemi used inappropriate language to describe them and their body parts. Fox News paid $225,000 to the plaintiffs, but denied wrongdoing.
In 2010, the EEOC once again sued Fox News, this time on behalf of former anchor Catherine Herridge, who claimed she was discriminated against due to her sex and age. The suit was ultimately dismissed by a D.C. federal court.
Between the male-dominated executive staff and a lack of legal or internal consequences for harassment or discrimination, our sources say there was little motivation to speak out. The former contributor says that a number of women simply left rather than complain.
Not everyone who has worked at Fox has felt it to be a sexist or unfair workplace. One former employee FORBES spoke to defended Ailes against Carlson's claims, saying if Ailes were to risk his career, he wouldn't have done so with Carlson, but instead one of many other “hotter” women in the newsroom.
He claimed that every newsroom he's ever been in has had a boys' club aspect to it, emphasizing that he found other news organizations to be even more sexualized.
A number of anchors and Fox News insiders spoke out in support of Ailes as the allegations unfolded.
“I've been in [Ailes'] office a million times. I've had lunch, I've had Diet Cokes, I've been around him. He just doesn't do this stuff,” anchor Greta Van Susteren told the Daily Beast following Carlson's suit. “You know how corporations gossip. If this were going on, I would have heard about it.”
Bret Baier, another Fox News anchor, agreed. “There's a ton of people who have been [at Fox News] since the start. People wouldn't be here that long if it wasn't the family atmosphere,” Baier told the Daily Beast.
Former anchor Kiran Chetry wrote a Huffington Post blog about her experience at Fox News. “A newsroom is not a polite place,” she conceded, but also likened it to “one big family,” continuing that Roger Ailes always treated her “with respect.”
“I have never been instructed on the length of my skirt or the color of my lipstick,” anchor Sandra Smith told The Hollywood Reporter.
“In my over decade-long work for the network, I have worn slacks exclusively. Yes, even on Fox & Friends. Never once have I been told what to wear, or what to say,” wrote Fox News contributor Tammy Bruce in the Huffington Post.
The long list of men and women who supported Ailes was not enough, though, to allow him to keep his job. When he resigned on Thursday, no reason was given by 21st Century Fox.
With Ailes out--Rupert Murdoch, the executive chairman of 21st Century Fox, will serve as interim chairman and CEO of Fox News and Fox Business Network--will the network's culture shift?
In a statement, James and Lachlan Murdoch, 21st Century Fox's CEO and executive chairman, respectively, insisted that “we continue our commitment to maintaining a work environment based on trust and respect.”
Those that have worked at the company say that's heavily dependent on whom the company puts in charge.
“If they put in someone intent on cleaning house, things could change,” the former producer says. “But all his lieutenants are people he groomed, are loyal to him and agree with his management and philosophy. If one of them gets moved up, I don't see much change happening.”
So what's next for Ailes? Donald Trump seems like he may be the former network boss' biggest fan at the moment.
“It's very sad because he's a very good person. I've always found him to be just a very, very good person,” Trump said on NBC's Meet the Press this weekend. “And, by the way, a very, very talented person. Look what he's done. So I feel very badly. A lot of people are thinking he's going to run my campaign.”
Interestingly, Trump didn't deny the rumors—perhaps he's preparing to appoint a new apprentice.
Miriam Shapiro was on all fours in her hospital bed reciting Tehillim—Psalms—when she felt another contraction. She summoned her doula, and together they placed a quarter into her tzedakah box. After that, she knew that the baby was ready. She took a deep breath and started reciting prayers. “Right when I was pushing Adina out, my doula reminded me, ‘It's a good time to pray,' ” Shapiro told me in a recent email interview. “When you're pushing a new life into the world, it's like all the gates are open upstairs.”
Doulas, who offer women advice and companionship during their pregnancies and then coach them through labor, have been growing in popularity among pregnant women for several years—and Orthodox Jews are no exception. But since Orthodox women have a unique set of needs during childbirth, they've been turning to doulas who are themselves Orthodox women, to provide mental, emotional, and spiritual support before, during, and after they give birth.
For these women, Orthodox doulas are preferable because they understand what the mothers are going through from a halachic perspective. For instance, when an Orthodox woman gives birth, her husband cannot touch her because she is niddah, or bleeding, and it would go against the laws of family purity if her husband held her hand or rubbed her back. If a doula is present in the delivery room, however, she can massage the woman, do breathing exercises, adjust her tichel (headscarf), or fix her clothing to ensure that she is still upholding the laws of modesty, even during childbirth.
According to Chana Barak, an Orthodox doula in Texas, observant doulas understand the distinct rituals surrounding birth, especially family purity. “It can be hard to explain to someone that your husband won't be nearby for the birth or that he won't hold your hand when you are in pain,” she said. “A Jewish doula already knows these things and respects [them].”
When Shapiro gave birth in the hospital, she noticed that some of the medical professionals didn't understand her customs. One advantage of hiring an Orthodox doula, she found, was that someone was in her corner so that she wouldn't feel alienated. “Sometimes the nurses see the Orthodox Jewish dad out of the room, and not touching the mom, and they sadly cluck their tongues and say, ‘Mmm, this marriage ain't gonna last. He's not even holding her hand, [and] he's not even there to watch his baby get born,' ” she said. “But an Orthodox Jewish doula can explain all of this and work beautifully around and through it.”
***
As birthrates climb in the Orthodox community, some doulas report that more Orthodox women are utilizing them. “Doulas are becoming more popular in the younger frum community,” said Chana Luba Ertel, a doula based in Pittsburgh. “The trend I see is that young women aren't very in touch with their birth process and have a terrible first birth. The second time around they seek out education and doulas.”
According to Yaffa Bochner, the coordinator of the doula volunteer program at Maimonides Medical Center in Brooklyn for the past 15 years, her Orthodox patients are having multiple children and returning year after year to make use of her services. “The community grew so much and it became so popular,” she said. “They want a person there in addition to the medical service. [The first time women give birth they] feel that their births are too medically inclined. The doctors and nurses say, ‘Congratulations and go home.' Pregnant women have more of a desire to experience their births.”
Orthodox women seek out doulas in part because they would rather have natural births; since they're often planning to give birth more than once or twice or even three times, they want to avoid C-sections. “If a woman is Orthodox, and she comes from this tradition, she really does not want intervention, even during prenatal care,” said Shadman Habibi, a certified nurse midwife at University of California, Los Angeles in Westwood. Some will refuse an ultrasound, or only get one done after 20 weeks; they'll also forgo some genetic screening and any other invasive procedure.
An Orthodox doula can teach expectant mothers about all the different practices that occur during pregnancy and labor. Some women, like Shapiro, give tzedakah during birth because it's customary to donate to charity while going through important life-cycle events. Women are required to wash their hands after birth and recite certain prayers depending upon the sex of the child: Hatov V'hameitiv is said for a newborn son, while a Shehecheyanu blessing follows the birth of a daughter.
Estee Rosen, a Los Angeles resident who used a doula during her first pregnancy, said, “It was extremely helpful that my doula lives a similar religious lifestyle, because she was also able to help guide me through the different customs and laws that affect a woman in childbirth.”
The doulas will also utilize various prayers and songs that help calm a woman down and get her through the birth. “When I'm with the woman in labor, aside from being an advocate and helping with breathing and things, I add an element of kedusha [holiness] into the experience,” said Ertel.
One of Ertel's clients was having an especially tough time during a homebirth. She was screaming at the top of her lungs, and her midwife couldn't help her. The midwife, in turn, asked Ertel for help. Ertel quickly got behind her client, told her to listen to her voice, and started chanting the Shema as the baby started to crown. “She told me she really had a mind-blowing and powerful experience,” Ertel said.
Ertel, who's been a doula for 16 years, is now working to provide more Orthodox Jewish doulas to the community so that these mothers-to-be don't feel alone. Over the past five years, she's traveled to Brooklyn to conduct classes on birthing techniques, recognizing the different stages of labor, coaching phrases to use during labor, post-partum practices, and how to deal with a complicated or especially long birth. The attendees of her training workshops play “musical positions,” a game that mimics how the woman should be standing, lying, or sitting when she's giving birth, and teaches them how to adjust her and tweak her position. There's also a lesson on Torah and the distinctive aspects of supporting a Jewish woman during pregnancy and labor. A majority of the students, she said, are observant Jews.
To date, Ertel has taught over 375 women who either went on to get their doula certifications or started assisting women right away. Some do it to make a living, with others do it as chesed (kindness), just like the women who volunteer at Maimonides.
Ertel, who is Orthodox, became a doula because, she said, “I wanted to serve my community. There is something special and holy in holding onto the heritage that we have of women helping other women in labor. There was Yocheved, and Miriam, and all the mothers who came after that.”
***
During the birth of Adina—her fourth child, who was born in early 2013—Shapiro wanted to make sure that the experience would be meaningful and the labor as smooth as possible. She hired Tania Jedian, an Orthodox doula who incorporates homeopathic and meditative treatments into her work and uses her own Sephardic tefillah (prayers).
Shapiro said that it was different from the birth of her second child in 2010, when she hired a doula who was Jewish, but not Orthodox. “I ended up having to explain to her, ‘Now we need to do this, and now we need to do that,' and that's just not what you want to be doing after you've brought a tiny life into the world.” Her experience with Jedian, however, was exactly what she wanted. “You want someone,” Shapiro said, “who can feel the process with you.”
***
Like this article? Sign up for our Daily Digest to get Tablet Magazine's new content in your inbox each morning.
Kylie Ora Lobell is a Los Angeles-based freelance writer who's been published in The Jewish Journal, Time Out New York & L.A., xoJane, Dell's Tech Page One blog, and NewsCred.
Monsanto has denied that health problems in Argentina are caused by its pesticides, insisting that its products are safe. It rejects an AP report that it is to blame for an increase in cancer rates and birth defects.
Reacting to an AP report investigating the effects of Monsanto products in Argentina, Monsanto called for more government control and attacked the credibility of the research.
"If pesticides are being misused in Argentina, then it is in everyone's best interests – the public, the government, farmers, industry, and Monsanto – that the misuse be stopped," the St. Louis, Missouri-based company said.
Monsanto also reiterated that glyphosate – a chemical used in the pesticide Roundup – was proven to be safe. Company spokesman Thomas Helshcher dismissed the correlation between use of pesticides and a rise in ill health as lacking in validity.
"The absence of reliable data makes it very difficult to establish trends in disease incidence and even more difficult to establish causal relationships. To our knowledge there are no established causal relationships," Helscher said.
AP carried out interviews across Argentina with doctors and people who had suffered harmful effects from Monsanto's pesticides. They found that it many places regulations were flouted by farmers and pesticides were used within 30 meters of populated areas, instead of the recommended minimum of 500 meters.
More worryingly, the study found that in the soy-producing province of Santa Fe in northern Argentina cancer rates were two to four times higher than the rest of the country. Furthermore, Researchers also found high rates of thyroid disorders and chronic respiratory illness.
Argentina is the world's third-largest producer of soy, and virtually all its soy crop is grown from genetically modified seeds.
In spite of Monsanto's claims that the chemical glyphosate is proven to be completely safe, the study found evidence it can be harmful.
Molecular biologist Dr. Andres Carrasco, of the University of Buenos Aires, injected small samples of the chemical into embryos, which caused a change in retinoic acid level – a substance fundamental for keeping cancer in check.
Researchers observed the same changes in frogs and cattle with spinal defects inhabiting the areas where chemicals were used.
“If it's possible to reproduce this in a laboratory, surely what is happening in the field is much worse," Carrasco said. "And if it's much worse, and we suspect that it is, what we have to do is put this under a magnifying glass.”
Argentina adopted Monsanto farming methods 17 years ago, buying into the GMO market to help boost its flagging economy. Judy Hatcher, chairwoman of Pesticide Action Network International, told AP that given the increase in health problems in the areas where the products are used and lack of regulation, Monsanto should do more to help.
"As we've also learned in the United States, herbicide-resistant GE crops lead to dramatically increased pesticide use. And as weeds develop resistance to these chemicals, industry rolls out even more hazardous chemicals to battle the superweeds. Farmers get trapped on the pesticide treadmill."
Privatisation is no longer based on efficiency – it's now ideological, says probation officers union
The privatisation of public services has been branded a scandal by unions who say that leaked tender documents reveal that the opening-up of the prison system to competition is "heavily biased" in favour of private firms.
The Ministry of Justice has introduced competitive tendering for five jails as ministers seek to expand the role of the private sector. They claim that competition will result in more efficient services and a better deal for the taxpayer, but unions fear that it will result in widespread redundancies, poorer working conditions and reduced pensions for workers.
Prison governors warn that expanding the private sector's role in the custodial system will create a profit-maximising culture that favours incarceration and cutbacks to rehabilitation.
Internal documents seen by the Observer show that the in-house public sector teams seeking to run the first five prisons subjected to the new competition process were forced to increase the total cost of their bids by more than 21%. An earlier document, in 2009, forced an increase of only 13%.
Unions claim the substantial "add-ons" rendered the public sector bids uncompetitive compared with those put forward by their private sector rivals. The Principles Of Competition document, updated in August 2010, applies to Birmingham, Buckley Hall, Doncaster, Featherstone II and Wellingborough prisons.
The document's terms have prompted claims that Tory ministers are seeking to outsource the entire prison system to the private sector. Currently in the UK, there are 13 private prisons holding 15% of the incarcerated population.
"Prison privatisation is no longer based on efficiency, it's now ideological," said Harry Fletcher, assistant general secretary of the probation union, Napo. "It's extraordinary that the public sector is forced to take into account huge additional costs. It puts public prisons at a total disadvantage. If this continues, there will be no state-run prisons in five years."
The documents will be studied closely by unions protesting against the introduction of the private sector into other public spheres, such as the NHS.
The Ministry of Justice argues the cost add on to the in-house bid creates a "level playing field" that allows the private sector to compete. But an email from unions to Michael Spurr, chief executive officer at the National Offender Management Service [Noms], which runs the UK's prisons, contests the claim. William Simpson, of the Noms trade union, told Spurr the add-ons were "eye-watering" and branded them a "scandal".
Spurr denied there was any bias in favour of the private sector. He said it was "appropriate" and "fair" that public sector bids should be compelled to increase the cost of their bids by 21% to "reflect the full cost of provision".
Ever since I got my first holo from Copious (still stunned I got it for a PENNY omg) I've become a little bit obsessed with them. I went very quickly from zero holo to 5 of them 😀 I really like Milani's holo line, reasonably priced, pretty easy to find, and some very pretty colors.
This week's theme is “space” and I'm getting a little sick of doing nail art, I wanted something “simple”. I settled on using Milani's “Cyberspace“, which is a very loose interpretation of “space” 😉 I tried putting some star glitter on one nail but they didn't stick well so I ended up redoing them.
I decided to do a little bit of experimenting with holos this time. First off: does putting a topcoat over holo really make a difference? Answer: yes! You can see in the photo below that on the left I've added a topcoat, on the right there's no topcoat. On the right you can still see the linear rainbow effect, that effect doesnt' show up as well on the left (topcoated).
Next I wanted to know if I could “make my own holo”. I put on two layers of e.l.f. Metal Madness then put one coat of HD (silver holo) over it. It gives a really good holo effect! It's not exactly like it would be if it was an actual holo color but it still looks great. My thumb has Metal Madness by itself and my ring finger has Metal Madness plus HD.
Here's the finished manicure! I'm really happy with it 🙂
Milani Cyberspace
e.l.f. Metal Madness
Milani HD
Advertisements
Case Western
A man paralyzed from the shoulders down regained some use of his arms and hands via a brain-computer interface, according to researchers at Case Western Reserve University. It's believed to be the first instance of overcoming quadriplegia with help from temporarily implanted brain-recording and brain-stimulating technologies. The event and the neural interface that made it possible are described in a paper published in the Lancet this week.
Bill Kochevar, 56, suffered a spinal injury in 2006 as the result of a bicycling accident. In 2014, he enrolled in a clinical trial known as BrainGate2, a project administered by a large consortium of academic institutions exploring the utility of the BrainGate brain-implant system, the first iteration of which appeared in 2014. Previous BrainGate research had shown that patients with the implant can learn to move a cursor on a screen, operate a TV, and direct a robotic arm.
The process of returning mobility to Kochevar was hardly easy. It began with a brain surgery in which electrodes were placed in the motor cortex region of the brain responsible for hand movement. Over the course of four months, the electrodes recorded brain signals while a computer learned which signals encoded commands for movement as Kochevar controlled a hand in virtual reality.
The next step was a procedure in which 36 muscle-stimulating electrodes were implanted into his arm. Because Kochevar's muscles had severely atrophied over eight years of dormancy, it took 18 weeks of electrical stimulation to rebuild the muscle. Finally, the brain-stimulating electrodes and the brain-recording electrodes were wired up to the BrainGate system. In all but one of 11 total trials, he was able to reach out, grasp a mug, and drink from a straw. Each reach and drink sequence took about 30 seconds.
When asked to describe how he made his arm move, Kochevar told the researchers, "It's probably a good thing that I'm making it move without having to really concentrate hard at it. I just think 'out' and it just goes."
As expected, given that the arm was essentially numb while Kochevar controlled it, continuous visual feedback was required to keep the thing doing what it was supposed to. Nonetheless, the system offered "intuitive control" over the reaching and grasping movements of limbs otherwise paralyzed. "These actions are representative of movements needed to perform a wide range of reaching tasks, which suggests that more functional activities are achievable with the current system," the BrainGate researchers write.
The electrodes used here were temporary and easily removable. The researchers think that with better surgical placement—covering more motor neurons and deeper and more varied muscles—it will be possible to regain even better control via brain-computer interface.
"Although similar systems have been used before, none of them have been as easy to adopt for day-to-day use and they have not been able to restore both reaching and grasping actions," offered Bolu Ajiboye, the study's lead author, in a statement. "Our system builds on muscle stimulating electrode technology that is already available and will continue to improve with the development of new fully implanted and wireless brain-computer interface systems. This could lead to enhanced performance of the neuro-prosthesis with better speed, precision and control."
Watch A Smarter Gun on Motherboard:
This week, authorities in Quebec arrested three men in connection with the theft of 6 million gallons of maple syrup from Canada's "strategic maple syrup reserve." As the New York Times points out, it's a little odd that this reserve exists in the first place. So where did it come from?
Mmmm, delicious cartel-dominated syrup. (Torin Halsey - AP)
The backdrop here is that about 77 percent of the world's maple syrup comes from Quebec. And the 7,300 syrup producers in the province have banded together under Canadian law to form a quasi-cartel, the Federation of Quebec Maple Syrup Producers (FPAQ), which has tightly regulated the production and marketing of syrup since 1989.
Why have a cartel and a reserve? As this paper explains, the syrup market can fluctuate wildly. The maple trees need optimal climate conditions — cold nights, temperate days — to produce the right sap. That doesn't always happen, and production varies sharply each spring. What's more, demand is often unsteady. During recessions, many families cut way back on syrup purchases, since it's not exactly essential. (Lately, the syrup industry has responded by expanding to new markets in Japan, China, and South Korea.)
So that's where the cartel comes in. Under current arrangements, most of Quebec's 7,300 syrup farmers sell to FPAQ. FPAQ turns around and negotiates prices with a handful of bulk buyers — just eight buyers snap up most of the syrup. Those buyers, in turn, sell to grocery stores and retailers. Whenever it's a banner year for maple syrup production, FPAQ siphons off some of the surplus into the reserves. When it's a lean year, FPAQ draws down from the strategic reserves.
In theory, a well-managed reserve can stabilize prices for Quebec's syrup farmers, who rely on syrup as a key source of income (even though it's a secondary activity for many of them). Currently, about 46 million pounds of delicious maple syrup are located in three massive warehouses in Saint-Antoine-de-Tilly, Plessisville, and Saint-Louis-de-Blandford.
But, of course, keeping all that syrup in one place also makes it easier for thieves to steal the stuff. Here's the New York Times:
The spring of 2011 produced so much maple syrup that the federation added a third rented warehouse, in an industrial park alongside a busy highway in Saint-Louis-de-Blandford, to accommodate the overflow. The surplus was pasteurized and packed into 16,000 drums, each holding 54 gallons, and left to rest except for inspections twice a year. Lt. Guy Lapointe of the Sûreté du Québec, the police force that led the investigation, said that the thieves rented another portion of the warehouse for an unrelated business. That enabled them to drive large trucks into the building.... When no one else was around, Lieutenant Lapointe said, the thieves gradually began emptying syrup barrels. Some Quebec news reports indicated that they also filled some barrels with water to disguise the theft.
For more on the history of Quebec's maple syrup cartel, see this 2008 report (pdf) from Isabelle Gagné. She outlines the arcane Quebec labor laws that allow these cartels to form in the first place, and looks at how FPAQ has often been locked in a vicious struggle with the syrup buyers, who try to use their market dominance to force down prices. No one said that the syrup business was a cuddly one.
PROSPECTOR Sam Tomarchio has struck a new kind of gold in outback Western Australia by taking control of Aboriginal Centrelink payments and creating a lucrative, one-man bank.
He holds the debit cards and personal identification numbers for hundreds of welfare-dependent Aborigines across central Australia from Kalgoorlie to Alice Springs, often lending between $3000 and $5000 a day at an interest rate of 33 per cent, sometimes more.
"The thing you need to understand about these people is that, unlike you and me, they don't do anything for their money and they have no respect for it," he said when questioned by The Australian in the northern goldfields town of Laverton, 719km northeast of Perth.
Read Next
There is no law to stop what Mr Tomarchio is doing but he has upset local elders.
His other business - renting chalets to miners and public servants - has become a sideline as he now spends seven hours a day dealing with the broke Aborigines who often wait in the shade under his carport for money. He knows the intimate details of their lives, including the days each month they receive money from Centrelink; this is especially important so he knows when to crank up his EFTPOS machine and get back the money he is owed - plus interest. Mr Tomarchio says he gives his clients a portion of their Centrelink payments to live on, and the amount is negotiated depending on their needs. But it seems some find it impossible to live on a fraction of their incomes and return to borrow yet more money from him before their existing loans are paid off.
Among them is Loretta Jennings, whose debt to Mr Tomarchio blew out from $990 to $1290 in just a few minutes this week when he lent her $200 - at an interest rate of 50 per cent. The Australian was in Mr Tomarchio's office on Wednesday afternoon when Ms Jennings phoned him to ask for a loan; he put her on speaker phone and she begged him for $300 to catch a bus to Kalgoorlie with her sister.
"You are already up to $990, Loretta," he said.
"I already booked ticket. Please, please," she said.
"There's $200 here for you," he replied.
When Ms Jennings arrived soon after, she was with her cousin, Dallas who borrowed $100. "You are maxing out, Dallas," he warned as he handed her a cheque. Later, at the Desert Inn, Laverton's only pub, where begging inside and outside is common, the women's uncle, Bronte, said he had also borrowed money from Mr Tomarchio after he got out of jail a few years ago.
"Sam is a good old gentleman; he's my friend," Mr Jennings said.
He was back at Mr Tomarchio's waiting-room yesterday, and had been so drunk the night before that he did not recall meeting or speaking about Mr Tomarchio.
Yvonne Green has no bank card or account but Mr Tomarchio still controls her finances because she takes her $470 Centrelink cheque to him every fortnight.
"How much do you want off your account, Yvonne?" he says, eventually giving her $200 of her own money to spend and subtracting $270 from her debt. She now owes him $380.
"He helps us," Yvonne said outside as she was leaving. "I go to him when I need a feed or things like that."
But there is rage building about Mr Tomarchio's practices.
Damian McLean, the shire president of the Ngaanyatjarraku lands to the north, where so many of Mr Tomarchio's clients live, is leading a campaign to shut him down.
So far, he has succeeded in encouraging more than 100 Aborigines to cancel their bank cards and default on their loans, which are now the subject of a Department of Consumer Protection investigation because Mr Tomarchio is not a licensed credit provider.
Laverton Police believe Mr Tomarchio's actions are immoral and many of his cheques are spent on alcohol, which leads to violence and anti-social behaviour.
Senior Sergeant Dave Hornsby said that because of Mr Tomarchio, trouble occurs any night of the week and not just on the days when Centrelink money arrives in bank accounts.
"There is a continual flow of money available within the community at all times, and this just encourages non-stop drinking," he said.
He added that he was particularly worried about the effect on children. "They are unable to access their own accounts to withdraw funds, resulting in them having no money to purchase food or items for children," he said.
Mr Tomarchio defends his practice, saying the interest he charges is comparable with Cash Converters and is necessary to cover defaulters.
He said he had about 135 cards belonging to people who had closed their accounts and defaulters, and about 180 cards that were operational.
"You have to take the cards and the PIN numbers. It's the only way, otherwise you'd never see them again," he said.
Mr Tomarchio says he is providing a service that no one else will and points to the fact that
his loans have helped stranded people get home to their lands.
He says his clients are his friends.
"I am probably the only person in the Goldfields who trust blackfellas," he said.
"The ones here are a different breed to the ones down in Kalgoorlie . . . they're relatively half-honest."
Photo: Historic Flume Trail
Hello Hikers!
It looks like we should have a brief respite from the rain until Wednesday when more precipitation will arrive.
Next Monday, February 18th, is President's Day, and will be a fee-free day in National Forests. Head up to Mount Laguna for some beautiful hikes (maybe with some snow!) and leave the Adventure Pass at home.
If you're looking for more snow than we typically see in our local mountains, Pacific has a good article on some great places to see the white stuff only a few hours away.
Volunteers are an essential part of pretty much every park and trail system in the county, helping out with all kinds of things like trail maintenance, habitat restoration, and education. The Mission Times Courier has an interesting write-up on the Trail Guides at Mission Trails Regional Park who lead nature walks in the park.
Here's the latest outdoor and fitness deals from Amazon:
Have a good week!
Photo: Mule Hill Trail
Toronto's new seafood-in-a-bag trend doesn't just taste bad — it's also worrisome
By Jon Sufrin
This is a promo shot — the real thing is far sloppier Image: Facebook
Do you love seafood? Then I have some bad news for you. The Captain's Boil — a new seafood restaurant that piles copious amounts of seafood into plastic bags, drowns it in sauce and drops it on your table — is expanding rapidly in Toronto.
Do you really love seafood? Then you know it's pretty much perfect as is. Oysters and clams are best consumed raw and unadorned. Fish does not need more than a spritz of lemon as seasoning. Lobster is fine on its own, or with a bit of butter. Simplicity is paramount with seafood, but The Captain's Boil goes with obnoxiousness instead.
The Captain's Boil opened its first location in North York in 2015 and has expanded ridiculously since then. There are currently four locations in Toronto, with at least five more in the works for Toronto and the GTA. There are also locations slated for Waterloo, Vancouver and Montreal.
This is how it works: pick which seafood you want; it'll be crammed into a plastic bag and will look more or less like garbage on your table. Pick the sauce; there are no good options, and whatever you choose will be the only thing you will taste. Pick other stuff to go into your bag, such as corn on the cob or sausage; that's to kill whatever seafood flavour might be left. Stuff your face, make a huge mess and get out.
The gluttony is nauseating. So is the quantity of plastic waste. It's everywhere. Plastic bibs. Plastic cups. Plastic gloves. And of course, the bags. Everything about humanity's horrifying love affair with overconsumption is on display. The unsustainability, the unadulterated sloppiness — it's all here.
Seafood boils are a thing in Louisiana and other parts of the U.S. Years ago, before overfishing was a pressing concern, fisherman would catch a lot of stuff. They would make feasts out of lobster, crawfish and shrimp by boiling it and seasoning it with bay leaves, cayenne pepper and lemon. I've never had a traditional seafood boil, but if it's anything like what The Captain's Boil is doing, it's a tradition that should end.
Maybe it makes sense to eat a lot of seafood when you live by the sea. But in case you missed it, Toronto is not a sea town. This stuff is getting shipped in from far away. Plus, most seafood will probably be extinct soon. It does not make sense to be piling it onto tables and then leaving a tower of plastic as waste. Do you somehow like the garlic sauce? Just pour it on tofu instead. It'll taste the same, and you'll still burp up the acrid tang of raw garlic for the rest of the day, if that's your thing.
Things are about to get worse, because there is a copycat joining the scene. The Boil Bar has opened in Scarborough and has two more locations opening soon.
How is this happening? Maybe it's the novelty, or maybe there are lots of people out there who have never tasted good seafood. Whatever is going on, it isn't good for the city's food scene or for the environment.
Editor's note: An earlier version of this article incorrectly stated that the first location of The Captain's Boil was at Yonge and College. In fact, the first location is at 5313 Yonge St. in North York.
The populist threat in Italy has translated into a change in the political agenda. Now that elections in the short-term seem less likely (everything points to a vote not coming before February 2018), we are seeing glimpses of the issues that will be fought over to stem the rise of the anti-establishment 5-Star Movement and the Marine Le Pen-styled right-wing politics of the Northern League.
Three of these issues stand out above all: anti-poverty measures, the position on Europe and the single currency, and immigration. These are the questions that will be contested for the helm of a disorientated country that has become tri-polar, with one significant unknown remaining: the electoral law and the variable geometry of the coalitions that will follow.
The rise of anti-system parties has already had a first effect: to throw out the issue that was the focus of the last electoral campaigns: reforms. The victory of “No” in the December 4 referendum on constitutional reform, with the resignation of Prime Minister Matteo Renzi and the end of his government, has tarnished the appeal the word “reform” had for years in Italy. Renzi pursued reforms tenaciously – school, work, public administration, the voluntary sector – even at the cost of breaking up his Democratic Party (PD) and betting on the survival of the executive. He lost on the constitutional changes. And he failed on justice, running aground in Parliament.
The urgent matter now is another: the need to win the consensus of the poorest in society, who are deaf to the slogans around lowering taxes and tweaks to pensions, and to start to undermine populist tactics by playing on the same ground. It is a risky road, but it has already been taken. From California, where he flew after his resignation as PD secretary and the opening of the party's congress, Renzi said it explicitly: “In the US I am looking for ideas to beat populism and relaunch the Left.” In the symbolic hotbed of resistance to US President Donald Trump, the ex-premier outlined the new buzzwords: “a system of protection for those who feel cut out.” These are themes that are dear to comedian Beppe Grillo's 5-Star Movement, which based its fortune on the web and the proposal of a universal measure against poverty.
Grillo and the late Gianroberto Casaleggio's movement has spoken of the introduction of a “conditional” citizenship “income” for years. It foresees a system of financial coverage worth €17 billion: €780 net per month for unemployed people who are under the poverty line and who respect specific obligations (such as enrolling in a public employment center or starting a course of training or re-qualification).
The governing majority always retorted that the plan was impractical. But now Renzi has partially changed direction, proposing citizenship “work.” It is an old idea that is even shared by the Right, by Forza Italia leader and former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, who is weighing up a proposal to legally guarantee a 3-month occupation to whoever asks for one, ensuring in return the right to spend the same amount of time with unemployment benefits. A signal has already arrived: Parliament has approved the delegated law against poverty which launches the “inclusion income” for about 400,000 families: up to €480 a month for the poorest family units.
What is much more difficult is following M5S and the Northern League's war against the euro. After the Brexit vote and Trump's victory, the rhetoric against the single currency, identified as the origin of all troubles, especially for small and medium-sized companies, risks winning over many Italians. When faced with the drastic solution of leaving the euro, Renzi instead proposes a “unified tax system in all of Europe” and the fight for a Europe of growth against a Europe of austerity and bureaucracy. Berlusconi has meanwhile launched a proposal for a double currency (the euro can be maintained for transactions abroad, banking operations and aspects related to the public debt, while the lira could be used for internal trade). This is tactical repositioning, useful also for trying to keep the Center Right united.
The final and crucial issue is that of immigration. The 5-Star Movement, in part, and the Northern League, with more conviction, converge on the hard-line approach, as shown by the repeated endorsements of Trump. The Left – both that of the PD and that of the new forces born out of dissent against Renzi's leadership – are targeting a mix of integration and migrant reception, accompanied by measures to accelerate repatriations and cut the times of asylum requests. This is the direction that has just been set by Premier Paolo Gentiloni's government. Who knows if it will be enough to impose on nationalist forces.
© ITALY EUROPE 24 - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
Sony's PlayStation 4 video games console continues to rack up strong sales numbers: The company says the system, available in 122 countries, just passed the 50 million units sold through worldwide mark. The PlayStation 4 passed its last major milestone, 40 million units sold through, back in May.
“Sold through” refers to units actually sold to consumers, as opposed to “shipped,” which refers only to units sent to retailers. Sony says the system passed the 50 million thresholds on Dec. 6, in part because of what it describes as “the best ever Black Friday week in the history of PlayStation.” The figure is also a reminder that overall platform health is a global metric. Microsoft's Xbox One, which has lagged significantly behind the PlayStation 4 in adoption rates, has outsold the PlayStation 4 domestically for the past several months.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
Sony adds that it's also sold about 370 million physical and digital software units life-to-date (software sales as well as online subscriptions and accessories are where the deeper profits lie). The company notes that the sales figures include both the PlayStation 4 and PS4 Pro systems. The latter is what the company calls its souped-up, ultra-high-definition iteration of the PlayStation 4 family that launched on Nov. 10. (You can read TIME's review of the PS4 Pro here.)
Write to Matt Peckham at matt.peckham@time.com.
This information comes from Nintendo president Tatsumi Kimishima…
In addition to Pokémon, we have several other titles for Nintendo 3DS this year that are sure to appeal to a wide range of consumers. First, we have a title that is perfect for gatherings of family and friends over the holiday season. The well loved Mario Party series is back with less waiting time and more fun in the latest entry, Mario Party Star Rush, just released this month in Japan and Europe. This title will also expand your play options with new amiibo characters in the Mario series, launched on the same day. Mario Party Star Rush will be released in the U.S. on November 4.
Next, Animal Crossing: New Leaf – Welcome amiibo, out this November, adds amiibo functionality to Animal Crossing: New Leaf for new ways to play. Consumers who already own Animal Crossing: New Leaf can update to Animal Crossing: New Leaf – Welcome amiibo for free, so we hope that existing fans will also take this chance to visit their villages once
again. We are also releasing a new set of amiibo cards for Animal Crossing: New Leaf – Welcome amiibo.
In December, we will bring Super Mario Maker, released for Wii U last year, to the Nintendo 3DS system as Super Mario Maker for Nintendo 3DS. As with the Wii U version, you can of course build new levels, and this title also lets you connect on the spot with your friends and family members that have their own copy of the software to share the levels you have built. It also comes with 100 new levels available to play immediately, and you can connect to the Internet to play hand-picked selections from the over eight million levels uploaded from the Wii U version, providing endless fun even if you don't want to make your own levels.
In Japan, we are releasing Miitopia and Momotaro Dentetsu 2017 Tachiagare Nippon!! as major titles for the year-end holiday season. Miitopia, for which we have only announced the title, will be released by the end of this year, and we will provide more information about this exciting title at a later date. We also had a great response to the announcement of Momotaro Dentetsu 2017 Tachiagare Nippon!! in our Nintendo Direct last month, and this title will be out on December 22. Other offerings from third-party software publishers include the recently-released Monster Hunter Stories and YO-KAI WATCH 3 SUKIYAKI, to be released on December 15. We are now reaping the benefits of the large installed base we have established for the Nintendo 3DS system, and we expect this business to maintain its strong momentum throughout this fiscal year.
The Nintendo 3DS system, including Nintendo 2DS, has an attractive price point and a range of titles with strong appeal to fans of casual games, so we are focusing on promotional activities to reach female consumers, children and families.
This slide shows announced titles for the Nintendo 3DS system released in October or later or planned for release in Japan or overseas through the holiday season and after the beginning of next year, including third-party titles. The Nintendo 3DS platform has an incredible variety of titles in store, and we are continuing development efforts on a number of other exciting titles. This rich selection will appeal to all types of fans.
[dropcap color=”#008040″ boxed=”yes” boxed_radius=”8px” class=”” id=””]I[/dropcap]n what is turning out to be a damning indictment of The Administrative Service's propensity to make deals in exchange for sexual favors, another audio tape of Narada News journo Angel Abraham has surfaced, this time with KTDC (Kerala Tourism Development Corporation) Managing Director Ali Asgar Pasha, IAS.
The 48-minute late night tete-a-tete between Angel Abraham (30) with the elderly IAS officer heading the prestigious KTDC shows that they had already had sexual encounters…
In this conversation, the lady journalist is sexually inducing the pliable IAS officer and getting her missions done. The conversations are believed to have happened in January 2016. Now Pasha is working as Director in Schedule Caste Department in Kerala.
This explosive tape of 48 minute talk was first released by Malayalam portal WiFi Reporter: http://thewifireporter.com/another-honey-trap-for-ias-officials-by-narada-angel
Ali Asgar Pasha (54) is a conferred IAS officer from state service, who started the career as Deputy Collector. A few days back PGurus had reported Mathew Samuel's talks with Angel Abraham on honey trapping state Chief Secretary Jiji Thomson and working out certain deals from state PSUs related to Industries Ministry.
[dropcap color=”#008040″ boxed=”yes” boxed_radius=”8px” class=”” id=””]T[/dropcap]he is 48-minute late night tete-a-tete between Angel Abraham (30) with the elderly IAS officer heading the prestigious KTDC shows that they had already had sexual encounters and the IAS officer Ali Asgar Pasha is aware of her connections with Jiji Thomson. The talks gave an impression that Chief Secretary introduced the honey trapping lady journalist of Narada News to junior IAS officer Ali Asgar Pasha holding the plum post.
She was also asking the IAS officer to pass her projects at KSIDC and SIDCO, another big Public Sector Underaking (PSU) under State Industries Ministry under the then Muslim League Minister Kunjalikutty.
The pliable officer IAS goes wild at the thought of biting her lips and remembering her body shape, the lady journalist remembers him of passing the cheque and deals in between. The Tourism Hotels head IAS officer goes on how to give her flight tickets and five-star hotel accommodations to him from government exchequer, if she escorts him to Ahmadabad, Delhi or London. The funny part is that while the officer is going mad in the anticipation of a tryst that night, she pretends that she is unwell and can't step out of the ladies hotel. The lustful officer even tells that he would deliver medicine and medicinal tea to her by that night itself by coming to her hostel.
While the IAS officer goes wild, expressing a desire to bite her lips, the lady journalist reminds him of passing some cheque and some contracts. We are not sure if Narada got advertisements from KTDC, which is an international advertiser on Kerala Tourism. She was also asking the IAS officer to pass her projects at KSIDC and SIDCO, another big Public Sector Underaking (PSU) under State Industries Ministry under the then Muslim League Minister Kunjalikutty. In the earlier tape, the editor of Narada News Mathew Samuel was heard talking to Angel on how to get clearance from Kunjalikutty and Jiji Thomson.
Here are the main excerpts from late night conversation between lady journalist Angel Abraham and Ali Asgar Pasha IAS.
Angel Abraham (AA) : I am unwell today.
Ali Asgar Pasha (AAP) : Where are you?
AA : At hostel
AAP : May i come to your hostel with medicinal tea, which can cure your body ache.
AA : No no …coming to hostel?
AAP : I love you so much, i want to see you now…i want to kiss at your lips…i want to bite at your lips
AA : Oh oh…you like me so much…
AAP : Shall we go to Ahmadabad or Delhi..Angel, I have some trips now
AA : I have no money, here i am busy with the website project..cheques to be passed and work in SIDCO
AAP : Your ticket can be taken from KTDC…tickets can be taken from government…let us stay at Taj
AA : Taj..oh…Taj?…i am poor girl
AAP : I too poor….these are all government expenses
AA: Luck of IAS officers…i should have studied for IAS…any way i am lucky to have IAS people like you.
………….
AAP : Let us go to Andman
AA : Ohh…sir here i am busy with my work…when is my cheque passing…and you promised me to get SIDCO work done and KSIDC too…
…..
AAP : I like you a lot…you are too cute in jeans…i want to bite your lips….really dear i want your lips
AA : So you like my lips most….that is the only best part of mine?
AAP : You are so cute….super shape in jeans….shall we go to Andamans….(IAS officer sings Andamanai paarungal in Tamil…) You need permission from Jiji Thomson to go with me?
AA : Oh no…Jiji is nice man…he introduced me to you…he is a nice man…he won't object…
AAP : He is a nice man…he is our person…nice guy
…………
AAP : You are sexy…want to see you now… coming to your hostel…want to bite at your lips…
AA : go and sleep dear…i am coming to meet you tomorrow to pass that cheque…
AAP : Not tomorrow…busy with meetings… i will call you tomorrow… i really want to come and hug you all over and bite at your lips my dear Angel…i love you my sweetie Angel
AA : Thanks…i know you like me…i too like you…you are cute and having a great artist…i like your songs..
AAP : Your voice is sexy….
AA : My God…you are the first person in this earth saying my voice is sexy…really
AAP : you are totally sexy…your voice and your shape….love your Angel…love you honey..
AA : Thanks…. for saying that… we both are poor souls having same wave length…. i too like you a lot… you are naughty too… he he he… love you…
Is this Journalism or Prostitution? Where is Editors' Guild of India? Shame. Blackmailing and Prostitution in the garb of Journalism is a crime. These people should be booked for pimping prostitution.
Here is the link of their 48 minute audio tape:
Recently I wrote a blog post and gave a talk at php.gent about id obfuscation and how it can help hide your application internals from malicious users. While doing some research about other obfuscation techniques, I stumbled upon an implementation based on Donald Knuth's integer hash. This unbelievable small and fast algorithm will generate random-like integers with the ability to convert them back to the original value. This technique was so cool that I decided to create a PHP package for it called Optimus.
Go ahead and install it using composer:
composer require jenssegers/optimus
Using the package is fairly simple, but there is some math involved before you can start using it. Luckily, I managed to make this as easy as possible with an included command line script.
First you need to pick a prime number. You can calculate this yourself or pick one from this list. For the decoding process, the algorithm needs the "inverse prime", so that (PRIME * INVERSE) & MAXID == 1 . To calculate this number you can use the included optimus tool:
> php vendor/bin/optimus spark 1580030173 Prime: 1580030173 Inverse: 59260789 Random: 1163945558
With these numbers you can fire up your own Optimus instance:
use Jenssegers\Optimus\Optimus; new Optimus(1580030173, 59260789, 1163945558);
Make sure that you use the same numbers throughout your entire application. I would suggest registering a shared instance on your IoC container of choice like this:
$app['Jenssegers\Optimus\Optimus'] = function () { return new Optimus(1580030173, 59260789, 1163945558); };
To start encoding and decoding id's, you can use to encode and decode methods:
$encoded = $optimus->encode(20);
Which will result in 1535832388 . To decode it back to its original value simple do:
$original = $optimus->decode(1535832388);
I hope you find this technique as interesting as I do. It's amazing how fast it can encode and decode values. I did a quick benchmark and compared it to Hashids, and Optimus turned out to be over 125 times faster! What are you waiting for, test drive your Optimus today!
OTTAWA — A group of senators tried to secure Senate money for a Canada 150 medals program Thursday, months after the National Post reported the Liberal government was cancelling a federally-funded program.
But plans for an initial run of 5,000 medals saw a major setback after a motion put to the Senate's internal economy, budgets and administration committee to approve $558,750 in funding failed after a tie vote.
Models of the medals were circulated around the room while Liberal senator Serge Joyal and Conservative senator David Wells presented their plans, made in collaboration with independent senator Patricia Bovey and Conservative senator Betty Unger.
Joyal said, “you will know the quality of the making of the medal,” and the Royal Canadian Mint would be producing them.
A Senate “table medal,” Wells explained, would provide senators with an opportunity to recognize people in their communities who had made “meaningful contributions” to their communities, provinces or the country as a whole.
I'm particularly concerned about the price… I don't know how the Senate could defend this initiative in the eyes of the public.
The project's budget, Wells explained, would include administration costs, the medals themselves, presentation cases and certificates.
Each senator was to get 30 medals and each senior Senate administrator was to get 10 medals, in addition to extras. Costs are estimated at $100 for the bronze and $325 each for the silver. “It's a lot of money,” Conservative senator Elizabeth Marshall said.
Independent senator Sabi Marwah suggested senators could pay with their office budgets, instead.
Liberal senator Percy Downe said he thought the government was making “a mistake of historical proportions,” given Canada's long history of issuing commemorative medals at important anniversaries.
Heritage Minister Melanie Joly never offered a concrete reason why the government is not pursuing a Canada 150 medals program, which was initiated by Stephen Harper's Conservative government. Extensive planning had already been undertaken before Joly's cancellation.
But Downe explained he felt the optics would not be good if the Senate spent taxpayer money on the program.
“I'm not convinced the Senate in isolation should be doing this. I'm particularly concerned about the price, and the cost. I don't know how the Senate could defend this initiative in the eyes of the public,” Downe said.
He added the Senate has had a difficult few years. “I think proceeding with this at this time, in isolation of anyone else doing it, would make us a target again.” Downe added he would “certainly reconsider” if a proposal came forward to have both MPs and senators giving out medals.
Those three were among those who decided the money wasn't a good idea. Ultimately, the vote was defeated on a tie of six-to-six, with three abstentions. No party lines were followed — there were Conservatives, Liberals and independents on both sides of the argument.
• Email: mdsmith@postmedia.com | Twitter: amariedanielles
Update: FaZe Clan have withdrawn from the Call of Duty Spring Masters I and have been replaced by FAB Games eSports Germany.
FAB Games eSports | GunElite - Kivi - Rushh – Torres
Original Article: Call of Duty is coming back to London. The world's top Advanced Warfare talent will be descending upon the Gfinity Arena at the Vue Fulham Broadway, May 8-10th (tickets are available now) to compete for a grand total of $25,000, 25,000 Pro Points and the Call of Duty Spring Masters I trophy. OpTic Gaming, OpTic Nation and Denial eSports have previously been officially announced, and today we're delighted to fill out the ranks and reveal the additional 13 invited lineups!
United States
OpTic Gaming | Scumpii - Crimsix - Formal - Enable
OpTic Nation | Killa - MBoZe - Ricky - Mirx
Denial eSports | Clayster - JKap - Replays - Attach
Team EnVyUs | ProoFy - Loony - Saints - TeePee
Strictly Business | Phizzurp - John - Twizz - Sinful
Team Kaliber | Parasite - Nameless - Sharp - Goonjar
FaZe Clan | Slasher - ZooMa - Huke - TBC
Prophecy | Nagafen - Aches - Apathy - AquA
Europe
TCM Gaming | Shane - Jurd - Gunshy - Moose
Epsilon eSports | Joshh - Swanny - MadCat - TBC
Vitality Storm | Tommey - MarkyB - Reedy - TBC
Aware Gaming | Peatie - Rated - Watson - Joee
Team infused | QwiKer - MeLoN - JTee - Lewis
HyperGames | Maxxie - Riskin - TonyJS - VZkingzR
Gamers2 | TojoR - MethodZ - Lgnd - JK7
Australia & New Zealand
Plantronics Mindfreak | BuZZo - Fighta - Shockz - Denz
Note: Team rosters are currently subject to change. This post will update with any related team change.
Further information regarding tournament layout and scheduling will be available in the near future. You'll be able to catch the entirety of the Spring Masters I via the Gfinity MLG.tv channel.
For those that live a little more locally, you can purchase tickets and read up on more information regarding the event here. For easy access to all Gfinity ticket sales, hit the link.
Keep up to date with all the latest gaming and eSports news via our Twitter: @GfinityOnline.
Halloween has arrived, and the hosts of the ‘Today' show went all out! This year, the crew became classic characters from ‘Saturday Night Live' in honor of the sketch comedy's 40th anniversary. Click to see all the hilarious pics and WATCH the funny ‘SNL' spoofs!
When it comes to Halloween, the Today show doesn't mess around. On Oct. 31, all the hosts showed up as classic Saturday Night Live characters! Matt Lauer, Natalie Morales, Kathie Lee Gifford, Hoda Kotb and even Savannah Guthrie donned the best and funniest costumes for the show!
‘Today' Show Celebrates Halloween In ‘Saturday Night Live' Costumes
Every year, the gang of the Today show dresses to impress for their Halloween special. This year, their outfits were inspired by Saturday Night Live, which is celebrating their 40th anniversary!
First up, Willie Geist and Tamron Hall transformed into Will Ferrell and Cheri Oteri's Spartan Cheerleaders! They were so amped up and excited, we thought it was Will and Cheri!
Natalie shocked everyone by walking out as Molly Shannon's Mary Katherine Gallagher! She was totally awkward and even smelling her armpits just like the classic character!
Possibly the best of the Today show was Kathie Lee and Hoda. They were Wayne and Garth from Wayne's World. It was EPIC! They really won the crowd over.
Matt, who always has the funniest costumes, became the nerdy, androgynous character, Pat!
Savannah, who is still on maternity leave, returned to the show for the Halloween gathering. Along with Barbara Bush, the host donned those hilarious mom jeans from Tina Fey and Amy Poehler's SNL sketch.
Al Roker became one half of The Blues Brothers, and he sang, too!
Best Halloween ever? We think yes!
‘Today' Show Always Has Epic Costumes
Last Halloween, the Today Show gave the crowd a big laugh when they all stepped out in Baywatch costumes — it was hilarious. We have to say, seeing Matt posing as Pamela Anderson was the best part! He wore the famous, tight, skimpy red bathing suit with boobs! Seeing him wearing a blonde wig and makeup was priceless!
What do you think, HollywoodLifers, who had the ultimate costume on the Today show? Let us know.
— Brittany King
More Halloween News:
President Barack Obama delivers the State of the Union address before a joint session of Congress on January 20, 2015 at the US Capitol in Washington, DC (AFP Photo/Mandel Ngan)
A newly arrived Syrian refugee with a harrowing story and a Muslim former US soldier will be among the White House invitees at President Barack Obama's final State of the Union address on Tuesday.
The White House on Sunday announced the names of the guests invited to join Michelle Obama in the gallery of the House of Representatives when legislators, Supreme Court justices and other dignitaries assemble to hear the president lay out his chief goals for the year.
A first lady's choice of guests to the closely watched address often underlines the president's priorities, and this year is no different.
One of the guests, Refaai Hamo, arrived in Detroit only on December 18 with his surviving children — three daughters and a son — after spending two years in Turkey.
He had fled Syria after a missile fired by Syrian government forces destroyed the complex where he and his family lived, the White House said. Hamo's wife, one of their daughters and five other family members perished.
In Turkey, Hamo was diagnosed with stomach cancer. After being granted refugee status in the United States, he and his children are now trying to build a new life in Troy, Michigan, a Detroit suburb.
The selection of Hamo is a stinging reply from the Obamas to those Republican members of Congress who, in a preliminary vote, sought to block Syrian refugees from entering the country, for fear that terrorists might slip in among them.
Also at Michelle Obama's side will be Naveed Shah, a Muslim and former US soldier, who was a child when his parents immigrated to the country from Pakistan. Shah joined the army in 2006 and served in Iraq.
The symbolism there is also unmistakable, at a time when Donald Trump, the frontrunning Republican presidential candidate, has fanned anti-Muslim feelings among some Americans, proposing to temporarily ban all Muslims from the country.
One seat will be left vacant Tuesday in hommage to the victims of gun violence, at a time when Obama has been struggling against Republican opposition to tougher laws on gun ownership.
Jim Obergefell, whose anti-discrimination suit led to the Supreme Court ruling last year that legalized same-sex marriages nationwide, will be among the guests.
Oscar Vazquez, who arrived as a child in the United States before voluntarily returning to Mexico as a young adult and struggling to finally obtain legal status in the United States, will underline Obama's support for regularizing millions of the undocumented.
The other invitees include Sergeant Spencer Stone, who helped stop a terrorist attack on a train in France last year; Lisa Jaster, one of the first three women to graduate from the elite and arduous Ranger school of the US Army, and Satya Nadella, an Indian-born engineer who is a cricket aficionado, poet and the chief executive officer of Microsoft.
© The Associated Press FILE - In this Nov. 21, 2014 file photo, comedian Bill Cosby performs during a show at the Maxwell C. King Center for the Performing Arts in Melbourne, Fla. Los Angeles prosecutors have declined to file any charges against Cosby after a woman recently reported the comedian molested her around 1974. The rejection of a child sexual abuse charge by prosecutors on Tuesday comes roughly 10 days after the woman, Judy Huth, met with police detectives. The Los Angeles County District Attorney's Office rejected filing a misdemeanor charge of annoying or molesting a child under the age of 18 because the statute of limitations had passed. (AP Photo/Phelan M. Ebenhack, File)
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Los Angeles prosecutors on Tuesday declined to file any charges against Bill Cosby after a woman recently claimed the comedian molested her around 1974.
The rejection of a child sexual abuse charge by prosecutors came roughly 10 days after the woman, Judy Huth, met with Los Angeles police detectives for 90 minutes.
The Los Angeles County District Attorney's Office rejected filing a misdemeanor charge of annoying or molesting a child under the age of 18 because the statute of limitations had passed.
Days before Huth spoke to police, she accused Cosby in a civil lawsuit of forcing her to perform a sex act on him in a bedroom of the Playboy Mansion when she was 15 years old. Cosby's attorney said that Huth attempted to extort $250,000 from the comedian before she sued and that she'd attempted to sell her story to a tabloid a decade ago.
Cosby is seeking a dismissal of Huth's lawsuit, arguing it is blocked by the statute of limitations.
An email message sent to Huth's attorney, Gloria Allred, was not immediately returned. Cosby's attorney, Marty Singer, did not immediately return a message seeking comment.
___
Anthony McCartney can be reached at http://twitter.com/mccartneyAP
FORMER 007-star Pierce Brosnan has revealed who he reckons should play the next James Bond.
Brosnan, who played the fictional M16 spy in four films, thinks British actor Idris Elba should take over from Daniel Craig.
“Yeah, he would make a good Bond,” Brosnan, 61, told a British radio station of Elba's credentials.
He added: “Colin Salmon also. May the best man get the job and may Daniel (Craig) bring home the bacon for as long as he wants.”
Salmon is an English actor best known for playing Charles Robinson in three James Bond films.
Everyone from Jamie Foxx to Kanye West has touted Elba as the obvious choice as speculation rages about Craig's successor. Craig is currently filming Spectre, his fourth and last Bond film.
Elba, best known for TV roles in The Wire and Luther, initially dismissed the speculation before admitting to a fan on Reddit he would like the role.
“Yes, if it was offered to me, absolutely,” the 42-year-old heart-throb wrote.
In November, hacked Sony Pictures' emails also revealed the film studios saw Elba as an ideal successor, prompting the star to tweet this picture of himself.
Isn't 007 supposed to handsome? Glad you think I've got a shot! Happy New year people. pic.twitter.com/3g9lAl2Uo3 — Idris Elba (@idriselba) December 27, 2014
Elba has repeatedly said he wouldn't want to be offered the role just because of his skin colour.
“I've always detested the phrase ‘black Bond', I just don't understand it,” he said in an interview on British TV show Lorraine last year.
“We don't say ‘white Bond', we just say ‘Bond' so it suddenly becomes a black man and he's a ‘black Bond' so I hate that phrase.”
In 2011, he told US broadcaster NPR: “Sean Connery wasn't the Scottish James Bond and Daniel Craig wasn't the blue-eyed James Bond, so if I played him, I don't want to be called the black James Bond.”
Critics have argued that casting a black actor would conflict with the character's Anglo-Saxon ancestry, written by Bond creator Ian Fleming.
James Bond has previously been played by actors including Sean Connery, Roger Moore and Timothy Dalton.
High extra-virgin olive oil (EVOO) and corn oil diets differentially modulate experimental mammary carcinogenesis. We have investigated their influence on the initiation stage through the modulation of the expression of xenobiotic-metabolizing enzymes (XMEs) in the liver and the mammary gland. Female Sprague-Dawley rats were fed a low-fat (LF), high corn oil (HCO), or high EVOO (HOO) diet from weaning and gavaged with 7,12-dimethylbenz(a)anthracene (DMBA). The HCO diet increased the mRNA levels of the phase I enzymes CYP1A1, CYP1A2 and, to a lesser extent, CYP1B1, in the liver. The Aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AhR) seemed to be involved in this upregulated CYP1 expression. However, a slight trend toward an increase in the mRNA levels of the phase II enzymes GSTP1 and NQO1 was observed with the HOO diet. At least in the case of GSTP1, this effect was linked to an increased Nrf2 transactivation activity. This different regulation of the XMEs expression led, in the case of the HCO diet, to a balance between the production of active carcinogenic compounds and their inactivation tilted toward phase I, which would stimulate DMBA-induced cancer initiation, whereas the HOO diet was associated with a slower phase I metabolism accompanied by a faster phase II detoxification, thus reducing the output of the active compounds to the target tissues. In the mammary gland, the differential effects of diets may be conditioned by the state of cell differentiation, sexual maturity, and hormone metabolism.
[This is the first interview to take place after SCP-2420's admittance into Site 213.]
Dr. Hydock: Good morning, SCP-2420. I've heard you've had some trouble sleeping?
SCP-2420: Xanax.
Dr. Hydock: Pardon me?
SCP-2420: Anxious. Helps me sleep. Get me some, I guess. Also turn up the air-conditioning.
Dr. Hydock: Absolutely. However, I am not merely here to see to your mental and physical state. As I'm sure you may have guessed, I'd like to hear about your relationship with your pet before she was deceased.
SCP-2420: Mattie.
Dr. Hydock: Pard—
SCP-2420: Ma'am, you can call me whatever you want, but she has a name. It's Mattie. Short for Matilda. Her full name is Matilda May. Matilda May █████, I guess.
Dr. Hydock: Duly noted. But please, tell about Mattie.
SCP-2420: Well, uh, she was my dog. I guess. I got her from, um, a neighbor. They're not, like, a breeder. But they had a Border Terrier meet another Border Terrier, and they were looking to, uh, give away puppies. I guess. And I was lonely. My parents died. But, I guess you know that. They left me a house, but it's fucked up lonely to be the only one living in some dead people's house, you know?
Dr. Hydock: Mhm.
SCP-2420: I came to their house. Their backyard, uh, really. And they had all the puppies, kind of, you know, all meshed up. I mean, in some, uh, cage. Hey, can we turn a fan on? It's really hot. Like it's really hot. [SCP-2420 begins to hyperventilate and hug its chest.] Hard to breathe.
Dr. Hydock: Certainly, SCP-2420, but please, calm down. I promise, I'm not here to hurt you. I just want to hear your relation with the- uh, with Mattie. You were just telling me about the day you chose her from her litter?
SCP-2420: Okay. Okay. I saw her, yeah. She wasn't the biggest, but I, uh, ha, noticed her right away. She was a bit of a bully. She was playing, yeah, but you got the sense she didn't have patience for the other dogs. They bothered her, and she wanted them to know it. And when I came over, she was the last to come see me. The others, they just jumped up, trying to get me, wanting attention, wanting to be picked up. But she just sat down, and she stared at me for a good bit. I stared back. It was weird, I guess, but I felt like she was sizing me up. She came over, real confident, kind of pushed aside her brothers and sisters, and I held my hand out to her. She clamped down on my hand. But not hard. It wasn't mean. She was never mean. Not to me. And from then, uh, I guess I knew I had to get her.
Dr. Hydock: Did she ever exhibit any anomalous abilities? For that matter, before this, have you ever been able to do something that, to be blunt, SCP-2420, felt impossible?
SCP-2420: If I thought I was magic, I don't think I would've been a telemarketer. Living in my parents' house. And Mattie? No. Mattie was definitely not, uh, magic. I mean, shit, she was afraid of rainstorms. She thought the vacuum cleaner was a real animal. She was, uh, a smart dog, though. Always seemed to be more person than dog, yeah, but not magic. I always thought, you know, she could learn a bunch of tricks if she wanted, but she clearly had no interest. Mere tricks were beneath her. She carried herself like a little queen. I guess.
Dr. Hydock: So nothing strange in her life had ever led you to believe that she could be capable of this kind of anomaly?
SCP-2420: She was normal. I mean, like I said, she wasn't really a big fan of other dogs, but she'd play with them. It was always like, you know, they were beneath her. But she'd chase 'em. She was, uh, real territorial. Mattie killed a couple, um, birds and stuff. A squirrel once, because it got caught up in a fence. Never thought she'd ever catch one. Shit, you should've seen her. Blood all over her muzzle. So damn proud of herself.
[EXTRANEOUS DATA REMOVED]
SCP-2420: But, uh, I guess you wanna hear about how she died, right?
Dr. Hydock: That would be quite helpful, SCP-2420.
SCP-2420: Even that was, I guess, sadly normal. I was takin' her for a walk. She always loved walks. I mean, shit, I guess all dogs like walks, but she liked 'em a lot more. I don't know. Maybe that's crazy. But we were walking, uh, near the street, and uh, well, ha, can we turn up the air-conditioning? Just a little bit?
Dr. Hydock: Certainly. If you'd rather not talk about this right now, we could discuss it another time.
SCP-2420: No, I'm fine. I guess she, uh, didn't die after all, right? [SCP-2420 laughs then coughs.] A car hit her. I guess I wasn't paying attention. People said I was lucky I didn't get hit, but I'd rather've gotten hit. Maybe I wouldn't've died. Squished her down the middle. It was horrible. Person driving the car was some teen girl. Wasn't her fault. I was jaywalking. She was young. Wasn't her fault. I knew her mother. She lived on the street. But, I couldn't stop crying. There she was. Waltzing Matilda May, there she fucking was, and she was dead. Bleeding everywhere. I took her in my arms. She wasn't breathing. I didn't get to be there for her last breath. I think she died when I was crying, when I was stunned by all the, the shit.
Dr. Hydock: And what was done with the body?
SCP-2420: I took her. I walked her. It wasn't that far. Said I was in shock, but I knew what I was doing. I got a shovel from my garage. My dad's shovel. I got her favorite blanket. Guess it was my blanket, really. A big, uh, green one. She always loved it. It was mine, but it may as well have been hers. She was more comfortable with it than anyone else could have been, you know? You give a dog a blanket, and you swear, no human could ever be so cozy. So I wrapped her up. All broken. God, she was so small. I dug a hole. In the middle of my backyard. There was a spot where the shade of the trees didn't reach. She'd lay there. Waltzing Matilda May I Have This Dance. That's what I named her after. You know, the song. I buried her. She should, uh, still be there. You guys can check it out. No one moved it.
Dr. Hydock: Certainly, SCP-2420. Thank you for your cooperation. If you want to stop now, I would certainly understand. It has been a tough day for you.
SCP-2420: No. It's fine. There's only a little bit more anyway. Can I, can I, uh, continue?
Dr. Hydock: Absolutely.
SCP-2420: I was going to kill myself, the day I noticed that she was, uh, everywhere dogs were. Just a normal walk. But I was going to, uh, jump off a bridge. I don't know if I really was gonna, to be honest, ma'am. But it felt like I was gonna. It felt right. But, things were weird. I never noticed so many Border Terriers in my life. The neighbors, all of 'em, identical, and they looked just like Mattie. I thought I was losing it. They were trying to get under the gate, trying to climb up it, barking at me, carrying on. I, uh, didn't notice anything was weird until I got near the dog park.
Dr. Hydock: And that's where we found you, correct?
SCP-2420: Ha, yeah. I guess. That's where you all found me. I just, I don't know why I got there. Wasn't even near the bridge. Wasn't even all that close. I think I just wanted to see some. Before I died. They were always so nice. Dogs. But, they were all Border Terriers. And they were all running to me. So many of them. And they all, well, they all stopped in front of me. Owners were yelling. People were, uh, screaming. They were slipping out of collars that had gotten too big. They were, uh, breaking free from everything. To come to me. And they encircled me. They were all her. I knew it immediately. They were all her. One walked up to me, and it bit my hand. Gentle. And that's when I fainted. Then, well, I'm here.
Dr. Hydock: Excellent. Thank you very much for your cooperation. Is there anything you need before this is concluded?
SCP-2420: Uh, yeah. Just one. Just one thing.
Dr. Hydock: Yes?
SCP-2420: Does it hurt them? Does what she does hurt them? I heard they stop being her when I'm not there. Are they okay?
Dr. Hydock: Yes. When they're not instances of SC—I mean, when they cease to be Mattie, there is no pain in the switch. Either to or from. None of the dogs have exhibited any signs, anomalous or not, of being in any way affected by Mattie and your effect.
SCP-2420: And you. You're not going to hurt them?
Dr. Hydock: Pardon me?
SCP-2420: Listen, I've seen ET. I'm not stupid. You're going to dissect them. Dissect her maybe. And I'm telling you. Please don't. Please don't hurt a dog because of me. I beg of you.
Dr. Hydock: I will, I will see what I can do, SCP-2420. Once again, thank you.
SCP-2420: Will I get to see her again?
Dr. Hydock: Visiting times can certainly be arranged. Especially for testing purposes.
SCP-2420: Thank you. I miss her so much. I didn't even get to tell her how good a girl she was. For, you know. Being magic.
[Foundation operatives were able to recover the remains of SCP-2420's former pet where it had claimed them to be. The remains were not anomalous in any way and had been met with the expected amount of decay.]
[End of Interview Log]
Discoveries of new planets just keep coming and coming. Take, for instance, the 18 recently found by a team of astronomers led by scientists at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech).
"It's the largest single announcement of planets in orbit around stars more massive than the sun, aside from the discoveries made by the Kepler mission," says John Johnson, assistant professor of astronomy at Caltech and the first author on the team's paper, which was published in the December issue of The Astrophysical Journal Supplement Series. The Kepler mission is a space telescope that has so far identified more than 1,200 possible planets, though the majority of those have not yet been confirmed.
Using the Keck Observatory in Hawaii -- with follow-up observations using the McDonald and Fairborn Observatories in Texas and Arizona, respectively -- the researchers surveyed about 300 stars. They focused on those dubbed "retired" A-type stars that are more than one and a half times more massive than the sun. These stars are just past the main stage of their life -- hence, "retired" -- and are now puffing up into what's called a subgiant star.
To look for planets, the astronomers searched for stars of this type that wobble, which could be caused by the gravitational tug of an orbiting planet. By searching the wobbly stars' spectra for Doppler shifts -- the lengthening and contracting of wavelengths due to motion away from and toward the observer -- the team found 18 planets with masses similar to Jupiter's.
This new bounty marks a 50 percent increase in the number of known planets orbiting massive stars and, according to Johnson, provides an invaluable population of planetary systems for understanding how planets -- and our own solar system -- might form. The researchers say that the findings also lend further support to the theory that planets grow from seed particles that accumulate gas and dust in a disk surrounding a newborn star.
According to this theory, tiny particles start to clump together, eventually snowballing into a planet. If this is the true sequence of events, the characteristics of the resulting planetary system -- such as the number and size of the planets, or their orbital shapes -- will depend on the mass of the star. For instance, a more massive star would mean a bigger disk, which in turn would mean more material to produce a greater number of giant planets.
In another theory, planets form when large amounts of gas and dust in the disk spontaneously collapse into big, dense clumps that then become planets. But in this picture, it turns out that the mass of the star doesn't affect the kinds of planets that are produced.
So far, as the number of discovered planets has grown, astronomers are finding that stellar mass does seem to be important in determining the prevalence of giant planets. The newly discovered planets further support this pattern -- and are therefore consistent with the first theory, the one stating that planets are born from seed particles.
"It's nice to see all these converging lines of evidence pointing toward one class of formation mechanisms," Johnson says.
There's another interesting twist, he adds: "Not only do we find Jupiter-like planets more frequently around massive stars, but we find them in wider orbits." If you took a sample of 18 planets around sunlike stars, he explains, half of them would orbit close to their stars. But in the cases of the new planets, all are farther away, at least 0.7 astronomical units from their stars. (One astronomical unit, or AU, is the distance from Earth to the sun.)
In systems with sunlike stars, gas giants like Jupiter acquire close orbits when they migrate toward their stars. According to theories of planet formation, gas giants could only have formed far from their stars, where it's cold enough for their constituent gases and ices to exist. So for gas giants to orbit nearer to their stars, certain gravitational interactions have to take place to pull these planets in. Then, some other mechanism -- perhaps the star's magnetic field -- has to kick in to stop them from spiraling into a fiery death.
The question, Johnson says, is why this doesn't seem to happen with so-called hot Jupiters orbiting massive stars, and whether that dearth is due to nature or nurture. In the nature explanation, Jupiter-like planets that orbit massive stars just wouldn't ever migrate inward. In the nurture interpretation, the planets would move in, but there would be nothing to prevent them from plunging into their stars. Or perhaps the stars evolve and swell up, consuming their planets. Which is the case? According to Johnson, subgiants like the A stars they were looking at in this paper simply don't expand enough to gobble up hot Jupiters. So unless A star have some unique characteristic that would prevent them from stopping migrating planets -- such as a lack of a magnetic field early in their lives -- it looks like the nature explanation is the more plausible one.
The new batch of planets has yet another interesting pattern: their orbits are mainly circular, while planets around sunlike stars span a wide range of circular to elliptical paths. Johnson says he's now trying to find an explanation.
For Johnson, these discoveries have been a long time coming. This latest find, for instance, comes from an astronomical survey that he started while a graduate student; because these planets have wide orbits, they can take a couple of years to make a single revolution, meaning that it can also take quite a few years before their stars' periodic wobbles become apparent to an observer. Now, the discoveries are finally coming in. "I liken it to a garden -- you plant the seeds and put a lot of work into it," he says. "Then, a decade in, your garden is big and flourishing. That's where I am right now. My garden is full of these big, bright, juicy tomatoes -- these Jupiter-sized planets."
The other authors on the The Astrophysical Journal Supplement Series paper, "Retired A star and their companions VII. Eighteen new Jovian planets," include former Caltech undergraduate Christian Clanton, who graduated in 2010; Caltech postdoctoral scholar Justin Crepp; and nine others from the Institute for Astronomy at the University of Hawaii; the University of California, Berkeley; the Center of Excellence in Information Systems at Tennessee State University; the McDonald Observatory at the University of Texas, Austin; and the Pennsylvania State University. The research was supported by the National Science Foundation and NASA.
While Bitcoin has long been dominant in the cryptocurrency scene, it is certainly not alone. Ethereum is another cryptocurrency related project that has attracted a lot of hype because of its additional features and applications.
Ethereum: More Than Just Money
The first thing about Ethereum is that it is not just a digital currency. It is a blockchain-based platform with many aspects. It features smart contracts, the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM) and it uses its currency called ether for peer-to-peer contracts.
Ethereum's smart contracts use blockchain stored applications for contract negotiation and facilitation. The benefit of these contracts is that the blockchain provides a decentralized way to verify and enforce them. The decentralized aspect makes it incredibly difficult for fraud or censorship. Ethereum's smart contracts aim to provide greater security than traditional contracts and bring down the associated costs.
The smart contract applications are powered by ether, Ethereum's blockchain based cryptocurrency. Ether, as well as other crypto-assets, are held in the Ethereum Wallet, which allows you to create and use smart contracts. The system has been described by the New York Times as..
"a single shared computer that is run by the network of users and on which resources are parceled out and paid for by ether."
Implement Smart Contracts With Your Own Cryptocurrency
Ethereum allows you to create digital tokens that can be used to represent virtual shares, assets, proof of membership and more. These smart contracts are compatible with any wallet, as well as exchanges that use a standard coin API. You can copy the code from Ethereum's website and then use your tokens for many purposes, including the representation of shares, forms of voting and also fundraising. You can either have a fixed amount of tokens in circulation or have a fluctuating amount based on predetermined rules.
You Don't Need Kickstarter When You Have Ethereum
One great feature of Ethereum is that it gives developers a means to raise funds for various applications. For your new project, you can set up a contract and seek pledges from the community. The money that is raised will be held until the goal is reached or until an agreed upon date. The funds will be released back to the contributors if the goal is not met, or go on to the project if it is successful. Kicking out Kickstarter means that the third party is taken out, along with their rules, and also the fees they charge (when you include processing fees, Kickstarter can take up to 10% of a project's budget).
Skip the Traditional Management Structure With Democratic Autonomous Organizations
Not only can Ethereum help you source funding, but it can also help to provide the organizational structure to get your idea off the ground. You can collect proposals from the people who backed your project and then hold votes on how you should proceed. This means that you can skip the expense of a traditional structure, such as hiring managers and doing paperwork. Ethereum also protects your project from outside influences, while its decentralized network means that you won't face downtime.
The Finer Details: Differences Between Ethereum and Bitcoin
There are also many smaller aspects that differ between the two blockchain-based projects. Bitcoin's average block time is about 10 minutes, while Ethereum's aims to be 12 seconds. This quick time is enabled by Ethereum's GHOST protocol. A faster block time means that confirmations are quicker. However, there are also more orphaned blocks.
Another key difference between them is their monetary supply. More than two-thirds of all available bitcoin have already been mined, with the majority going to early miners. Ethereum raised its launch capital with a presale and only about half of its coins will have been mined by its fifth year of existence.
The reward for mining Bitcoin halves about every four years and it is currently valued at 12.5 bitcoins. Ethereum rewards miners based on its proof-of-work algorithm called Ethash, with 5 ether given for each block. Ethash is a memory hard hashing algorithm, which encourages decentralized mining by individuals, rather than the use of more centralized ASICs as with Bitcoin.
Bitcoin and Ethereum also cost their transactions in different ways. In Ethereum, it is called Gas, and the costing of transactions depends on their storage needs, complexity and bandwidth usage. In Bitcoin, the transactions are limited by the block size and they compete equally with each other.
Ethereum features its own Turing complete internal code, which means that anything can be calculated with enough computing power and enough time. Bitcoin does not have this capability. While there are certainly advantages to the Turing-complete, its complexity also brings security complications, which contributed to the DAO attack in June.
Ethereum and Bitcoin: Two Very Different Beasts
Homeless sweeps are a constant on Oahu with Honolulu police and state law enforcement officers regularly ousting people from beaches and public parks.
State law enforcement officers carried out a different kind of sweep at Ala Wai Small Boat Harbor on Dec. 2. The raid began in the pre-dawn darkness at 12:30 a.m. to surprise and catch illegal “live-aboards.”
To live aboard a boat requires both a regular mooring permit and an additional permit, meaning a higher rent rate. For years people have been living aboard boats on the sly and denying they do it.
Denby Fawcett/Civil Beat
“Officers went boat by boat and if somebody was sleeping on board the officers identified the individuals,” said Department of Land and Natural Resources spokesman Dan Dennison.
Boat owners with temporary mooring permits must pay a nightly fee of $2 per guest. Boat owners with permanent mooring must register each guest.
The 13 violators found during the sweep were not fined or cited, but their names and photos and reports of their alleged transgressions will be submitted for possible fines at the DLNR's regular board meeting in January or February.
The agency says complaints from legal live-aboards at the harbor prompted the sweep. Its Boating Division was aware of at least 45 boats with illegal live-aboards at Ala Wai Harbor.
Boaters who have dutifully paid for their permits say they are frustrated by increasing rule violations at the harbor, including boat owners turning their vessels into unauthorized rental units or bed and breakfast operations, as well as homeless people sneaking in at night to sleep on unoccupied boats. Also, there are boaters in violation who have paid their mooring fees but who have not paid for the required additional permit to live aboard.
Denby Fawcett/Civil Beat
Mike Tate was one of the people caught in the raid. He says he was on a friend's wooden powerboat discussing a work project at 12:30 a.m. when officers arrived.
“They didn't board the boat but they shined flashlights on us, took our pictures and wrote down out names and other personal information. They told us it was a warning,” said Tate. He said neither he nor the boat owner intended to sleep on the boat, but they were there late because they had to meet after their other appointments that night.
Tate said he does a lot of repair work on boats at Ala Wai Harbor. He says he occasionally sleeps on friends' boats because the harbor is near his other job working for a moving company.
“I do couch surfing on boats,” he said. “I have a home but I've gotten used to sleeping with the rocking motion of a boat.”
Denby Fawcett/Civil Beat
Another boat owner, Bruce Baxter. said, “It's a good idea to get rid of the people living on boats who don't pay. But the sweep is just a flash in the pan. There are people here illegally living on their boats for three to five years. There is no enforcement of the live-aboards and other problems such as drug dealing on the docks.”
Baxter, a retired computer programmer, says it took him six years to get a slip at Ala Wai Harbor for his 42-foot sloop and another three years to get a live-aboard permit.
Many people complain about the long wait to get a slip. Depending on vessel size, the wait for a mooring permit can be anywhere from one and half to five years, according to the Boating Division.
It's a longer wait to get a live-aboard permit, because only 129 of them are allowed out of the 747 slips at Ala Wai Harbor.
Boaters I spoke with Saturday are frustrated because they claim many boat slips at Ala Wai that could be rented are sitting vacant.
DLNR spokeswoman Deborah Ward says 80 slips are currently vacant, but she says next week the Boating Division will resume offering boaters some of the vacant slips.
Ward says 40-45 of the slips were left vacant earlier this year to accommodate boats arriving for the Transpacific Yacht Race in July and later, and to accommodate 50 vessels from Kewalo Basin that needed relocation space when Kewalo was undergoing construction. Other slips are vacant because they need repairs.
Rents for live-aboard permits are $5.25 per foot of deck length. So the owner of a 30-foot vessel would pay $157.50 as a live-aboard fee per month in addition to a monthly mooring fee of up to $9.14 per foot of vessel. For a 30-foot boat, that would be $274.20 for the mooring plus $157.50 for live-aboard — a total monthly rent of $431.70.
Rents for living aboard seem to average in the $500 range, which is inexpensive for a home on the water in the heart of Waikiki.
Nate Cooper, a 30 year-old living at the harbor with his fiancée and dog for 120 days, shook his head.
“I don't want to rock the boat, “ he said, laughing, “but it is so inexpensive here, why don't the violators just pay the live-aboard fees. It is a great deal.”
Cooper is from Seattle, where he says a live-aboard mooring like he has here would cost upwards of $1,000.
The DLNR says the investigation of the illegal live-aboards is continuing, with more boat sweeps expected.
Are You a
Saltwater Fishing Fanatic?
Is Saltwater Fishing In Your Blood? Does your pulse rate quicken a little whenever you smell the sea air and hear the seabirds calling?
Are you in your element when you can feel the sea lapping around your waders on a surf beach? Or never happier when you're heading offshore for a boat fishing session?
Yes? Then there's no doubt about it - you too are a Saltwater Fishing Fanatic!
And what a rewarding and all-consuming passion this great sport of ours is.
From the social banter between fishing buddies on a charter boat to the inner peace enjoyed by a solitary angler on an isolated surf beach, saltwater fishing has much to offer.
If you've got the saltwater fishing gene, you are fortunate indeed.
This site is for you - so read on!
Saltwater Fishing from a Boat
These two boat anglers have dropped anchor over some rough ground off Anguilla in the Caribbean.
Their fish-strip baited bottom fishing rigs will be brought them porgies, grunts and snappers - maybe a grouper if they're lucky.
Here in the less exotic waters of the UK, similar tactics would catch black bream, seabass or pollack.
The proven fishing techniques are truly international - the fish may be quite different, but the methods used to catch them are much the same.
Read more about Boat Fishing Techniques...
Pier Fishing
But not all fishermen have good sea legs - nor do they have much intention of getting them.
In fact some of them would only set foot in a boat if it was securely propped up ashore - and reluctantly at that.
But you don't always need to get afloat to place your bait in deep water, as great fishing can often be had from the piers, jetties and breakwaters that project from our shores.
On the day I took this photograph though, these anglers on Weymouth pier may not have wholeheartedly agreed with me!
Perhaps they should have read these great Pier Fishing Tips...
Saltwater Fishing from the Shore
The most technical form of fishing from the shore is surf fishing
On some surf beaches it's necessary to get your baited hook out as far as you possible can to reach the fish.
For maximum distance, not only will you need specialist (and expensive) surf rods and reels, but also the highly developed skill needed to get the best out of them.
No such difficulty for these surf anglers though, as they're fishing the famously steep-to Chesil Beach in Dorset, England.
Long casting here may well put your bait well put your bait far beyond the zone in which the fish are feeding. Like most fishing venues, local knowledge on Chesil counts for a lot.
Read the Surf Fishing Tips that all beach anglers should know...
Kayak fishing
Nothing beats a kayak for getting to fishing marks that are beyond the reach of the most able surf casters and totally inaccessible to conventional fishing boats.
But whether you're a kayaker-turned-fisherman or a fisherman-turned-kayaker, a high degree of competency is a must if you're to stay safe, particularly when coupled with this potentially hazardous way of fishing afloat.
For all this, kayak angling is the fastest growing branch of saltwater fishing, and it's not difficult to see why - relatively inexpensive, environmentally friendly and a great form of exercise. Kayak fishing has a lot going for it.
Read these Kayak Fishing Tips to stay out of trouble and catch more fish...
Sailboat Fishing
Like kayakers, sailors too can benefit by combining two quite different, but perfectly compatible activities.
Trolling a lure astern of a sailboat will, sooner or later, get results - often without much effort from the yachtsman, whose primary concern is in sailing the boat.
A simple handline incorporating a snubber (important, this), a couple of swivels to take out line twists and a few skirted lures is all you need.
On a long offshore passage, the ability to provide the galley slave with fresh protein straight from the sea is a valuable skill indeed. Expect praise and adulation to be heaped upon you by a grateful crew.
Take this handsome chap here for instance, to whom you'll soon be introduced - never one to shy away from any form of flattery.
Deep blue sea, warm sunshine a sailboat bowling along nicely using nothing but the freely provided energy of nature - and a freshly caught kingfish to dine on later. Could life get any better?
Read the Top 10 Sailboat Fishing Tips that few offshore sailors know...
and finally...
Me? I'm Dick McClary, a lifelong sea angler, ocean sailor and author of books and magazine articles on saltwater fishing and offshore sailing.
Now whilst I can string a few words together on a good day, and take a half-decent photo with a digital camera on some of the others, I can't draw to save my life.
Which is why all the artwork you'll find on this website is done only by those who can.
And there's lots of it. Just take a look at these great illustrations of sharks and skates and rays for example - and these easy to follow illustrations of saltwater fishing knots.
Hey, but enough of all this. Let's get back to the saltwater fishing...
Just click a link on this page or one of the thumbnails on the right to get started.
You might be surprised where it leads you. Enjoy!
A SHATTERED Kalyn Ponga has revealed that a shoulder injury has cost him the chance to represent the New Zealand Maori this weekend.
Battling a shoulder complaint since the latter part of the season, the fullback has been advised by medical professionals to sit out the match.
Ponga was scheduled to face the NZ Residents in Auckland on Saturday but with pre-season training with his new club Newcastle starting in just a few weeks, he's made the tough call to withdraw.
“I was honoured to be picked for the side,” Ponga told foxsports.com.au.
“It would have been an amazing opportunity to connect with my culture and give back but with my shoulder (how it is) and pre-season not far away, I wanted to focus on next year.”
Kalyn Ponga playing in the NYC for the Cowboys. Picture: Evan Morgan Source: News Corp Australia
As the Knights' marquee signing, Ponga knows he needs a big pre-season as he starts the next chapter in his career.
Having signed a four-year deal with the red and blue, Ponga leaves North Queensland after nine top grade appearances over two seasons.
With 2018 set to be his first consistent season in the NRL, the 19-year-old has made his new club his priority.
It's a brave call the youngster has made and a blow for the Kiwis.
Kalyn Ponga at Cowboys training. Picture: Zak Simmonds Source: News Corp Australia
Last week, chairman of the NZ Maori Rugby League John Devonshire championed the addition of Ponga to their side.
The Maori side features plenty of talent, with St George Illawarra NYC gun Patrick Herbert and North Sydney battering ram Piki Rogers.
“Undoubtedly the spotlight will be on Kalyn Ponga,” Devonshire said.
“We consider it an absolute pleasure to have this young Maori superstar wanting to be a part of our kaupapa, to enable him to connect to his taha Maori which he considers is a blessing for Andre, his dad, and their whanau.”
Kalyn Ponga was set to represent NZ Maori before injury intervened. Source: AAP
Which country Ponga plans to pledge his allegiance to has been a hot topic inside rugby league circles. Eligible to play for both Australia and New Zealand, Ponga is yet to play senior representative football.
Even if Ponga had played for the Maori, it wouldn't have tied him to the Kiwis.
At the centre of a tug-of-war since bursting on the scene, Ponga decided to not play representative football last year after both the Junior Kiwis and Junior Kangaroos had planned on picking him.
It's understood Queensland are hopeful of Ponga making a call on his eligibility before their next Emerging Origin camp.
"A Fort Myers mother says she feels powerless after her 11-year-old son was pinned down at his neck and stripped naked by two middle school girls. At first glance the minute-long YouTube video looks like kids playing. But it soon takes a disturbing turn as the boy cries out for help, humiliated and pinned down to the ground. "Mommy!," he yells. The video, which has since been taken down, shows two Dunbar Middle School girls holding the boy down in broad daylight, inside a gated community. The boy begs the girls to stop as the rip off his bathing suit, leaving him naked lying on the ground. The title of the video, which was online for more than 24 hours, says the boy is getting "owned." "I'm surprised these girls can just do that and get away with it," said the boy's mother. "Or there are no repercussions.""
Real Madrid Set to feature against Fuenlabrada
After countless injuries and possibly the worst year of Gareth Bale's career, Zinedine Zidane has confirmed the Welshman will back in action in Real Madrid's Copa del Rey match against Fuenlabrada on Tuesday.
Bale returns after being sidelined for 62 days, but on Tuesday, it will be 365 days since the first operation on his ankle.
November 29, 2016: Ankle operation
Bale underwent surgery at the King Edward VII Hospital in London for a peroneal tendon injury of the right ankle which occurred against Sporting Clube in the Champions League.
Although the surgery was a success, his physical problems have lasted for a whole year, forcing the footballer to miss out on lots of football action.
December 2016: No El Clasico or Club World Cup
Bale was ruled out of a highly anticipated El Clasico, which ended in a 1-1 draw as well as the Club World Cup. Real Madrid won that championship after beating Mexican side Club America in the semifinals and Japan's Kashima Antlers in the final.
January 2017: Another month of being sidelined
He continued with his recovery process and little by little his fitness returned.
Although Madrid beat the record of consecutive games without losing, they were eliminated from the Copa del Rey against Celta de Vigo.
February 2017: Return with a goal against Espanyol
On February 18, Bale reappeared against Espanyol and he did it in style, scoring a goal.
The striker also played against Valencia and Villarreal during this month.
March 2017: A red card and bad feelings
The month of March started badly for the Welshman.
Bale received a red card against Las Palmas and was suspended for two games after a strong push on Jonathan Viera.
In addition, his contribution to the team decreased.
After missing out on two games, the winger continued to play despite severe ankle pain due to his operation.
April 2017: Back on the treatment table
More wounds and injuries. The pain in his ankle caused physical issues which led to new muscle problems.
Despite being in and out of the side, he took part in El Clasico on April 23.
However, after starting the match, he broke down in the 39th minute and was quickly replaced.
May 2017: Out for the final matches in LaLiga
Bale didn't play any of the final six league matches as well as the Champions League tie against Atletico Madrid.
He even missed out on Los Blancos' match at the Estadio La Rosaleda, where Zidane's men secured the LaLiga title after five years.
June 2017: Secondary role in Cardiff
The Welsh international only played the last few minutes of the Champions League final in Cardiff.
A bittersweet moment.
And to make matters worse, the footballer also missed out on Wales' crucial qualification matches for the 2018 World Cup.
July 2017: Pre-season full of rumours
Rumours suggested a move for the 28-year-old was on the cards.
The Spanish giants attempted to strike a deal with Kylian Mbappe, but the refusal of the Welshman to leave Madrid made it impossible.
Despite Manchester United coach Jose Mourinho's interest in the player Bale was clear he wanted to stay.
"I just want to succeed in Madrid," he said in an interview with MARCA.
August 2017: The two Supercopas
Fully fit at the start of the season, he participated in the two legs of the Supercopa de Espana.
His strong performance shut down the rumours and once the tie was won, he left the game against Barcelona early in order to rest and prepare for Madrid's league debut against Deportivo la Coruna.
September 2017: Five matches, a golazo and K.O. in Dortmund
He played in the first five match days of the domestic championship and also in the first two Champions League games.
All of his injuries seemed to be forgotten but on September 26 against Borussia Dortmund, Bale was sidelined once again.
That same night he netted an incredible goal, but soon limped off the field in pain.
"A cramp," Zidane said to reporters after the match.
The club later confirmed the player had suffered a calf injury.
October 2017: His Soleus problem means no World Cup
After falling victim to yet another injury, Bale was forced to miss out on his national team's decisive qualifying match due to a soleus problem in his right leg.
Without the help of their lethal forward, Wales didn't manage to win the golden ticket for the World Cup in Russia.
In addition, for the first time in five years, Bale was not selected as Welsh player of the year.
Nor did he appear at 'The Best' gala and was not included in the list of 30 Ballon d'Or nominations.
November 28, 2017: The return after another relapse?
The month started with a clear objective: to play in the Madrid derby on November 18.
Bale returned to train with the team at the beginning of the month, but on the 10th he suffered a fibrillar tear in the middle third of the adductor muscle.
The first medical tests stated that the player would be out for one month, but the injury was not as serious as first thought and 18 days later, it seems that he is able to finally return.
His New Year begins.
Do you really need to ask a Rav?
Do You Really Need To Ask A Rav?
By Esterina Seto
The purpose of this article is to challenge the firmly entrenched idea within the Torah community that rabbinical counsel should be sought in all crucial life decisions or halachic quandaries. In this article, I will argue why the rigid interpretation of this belief may have made sense in the past, but no longer does.
The widespread conviction that when in doubt, ask a rav is premised upon the utopian belief that every Jew has access to a grandfatherly figure with a warm smile and a long white beard who will patiently listen to his or her problems with sensitive attunement to every fine detail of the situation, and offer a fits-like-a-glove, customized answer embodying the ultimate harmony of halachic expertise, divine intuition, human wisdom and compassion. In every Torah publication, rabbis of all stature are glorified as having mastered this sublime skill, herding the yidden under their influence with the patience of a shepherd through life�s many confusing and dangerous ups and downs.
This idyllic picture is a far cry from the experience of many of us. To the average Orthodox Jew- and I have asked around a lot about this- your typical rav is overworked, underpaid, sorely deficient of personal time, constantly assailed with the never-ending needs of his flock and generally running on empty. If he is lucky enough to have even landed a gig as a shul rabbi, and many are not, he finds that he has gone from being a relatively sheltered, secure yeshiva student to an indebted, struggling husband and father saddled with the thankless task of balancing the shul budget, a task which even when successfully accomplished usually does not spare him from having to take on another job to feed his family. To top it off, a rav has to deal with lots of interpersonal issues and politics in his line of work, and lives with the constant sense that his influence is but a drop in an ocean of apathy, consumerism and values foreign to his own. One would have to be an absolute fool not to admit that the above forces weigh heavily on any given rav�s ability to measure up to the ideal described in the previous paragraph when taking your shaila.
In practice, many of us have been left to wait for days for a rav to return their call, if he returns it at all, which is very often not the case. Many of us have been given bland, generic, hurried answers when we actually get the rav on the phone, and are told to go for therapy when we press him to actually listen to the full story. Many of us have been given wildly different answers by different rabbis. And many of us, unfortunately, have been snapped at and hung up on. And ultimately left to find the answers for ourselves.
Which leaves us to wonder why we didn�t think for ourselves in the first place- before we had to suffer some impatient jerk in a black hat slamming down the phone on us.
Or before we lost our money because some �Mekubal� with lots of pictures in the Yated told us to invest on our money in a losing stock. Or our high school rebbe told us not to go to college. Or our Rosh Yeshiva threatened to put our extended families in cherem if we reported a pedophile. Or severed us from our parents with seemingly well-intended advice that we avoid non-frum influences. And so on, and so forth. Many if not all of us who are Shomrei Torah U�mitzvos today are only so because we have pulled ourselves up after at least one case of rabbinical malpractice. Why do we need overseers if we ourselves are forced to oversee them?
Well, say the supporters of Asking A Rav, how can one trust their own judgement? It says in Pirkei Avos (chapter 2, verse 4) that you should not trust yourself till the day you die. How could you dream of trusting your own lowly, ignorant, personally biased judgement over that of a wise rav, a sage halachic master, who has no personal stake in the situation to cloud his view of it? My answer is that a rav, nomatter how wise or masterful, is hardly unbiased. If you aren�t paying him anything, he can hardly be said to be unbiased about the idea of dropping what he is doing with his precious spare time to take your call, let alone listen to all of the tiring details, and if you are paying him, then he is in the unnatural position of telling a paying customer the truth, which he or she might not want to hear. Even in Yirmiyahu Hanavi�s time, actual prophets told the king what he wanted to hear, to the utter downfall of the people. Why would we hold our own daas Torah, after all of the yeridos hadoros that has transpired over the millennia, to be above doing so themselves?
Telling a paying customer the truth is so undesirable that many shul rabbis of my acquaintance refuse to do it altogether. Instead, they focus on the musical quality of their prayer services, the spellbinding charisma of their shiurim and the chicness of their holiday parties and community events- all of which directly contribute to the shul�s marketability and ultimately, profitability. When asked, these rabbis will tell you directly that they are not poskim. And with good reason.
Rabbis, being human like the rest of us, are not only biased when it comes to personal resources like time, attention and money. They are also concerned with their reputations. Therefore, for fear of being considered a rogue or radical, any rav whose opinion you seek is likely to give you the Safe And Socially Acceptable Answer. The problem with the SASAA is that while it might superficially seem sensible, it fails to take into account individual circumstances, and there always are individual circumstances. Like it or not, we live in the real world, where the strict letter of the law must always be weighed against the sticky consequences of its implementation, be they in the realms of shalom bayis, parnassa, relationships with parents, children, or worse, stepchildren; any halachic opinion runs the risk of being the apple for which the apple cart is upset. In an evolving world with technology constantly reshaping reality as we know it, the SASAA, as overly general and one-size-fits-all as it is, may become increasingly inapplicable. For example, there is a well-known heter to abort a fetus with a life-threatening disease. But do you honestly trust that your local rav, who had to leave the dinner table to take your phone call (poor him), will care about that new study that came out that showed that disease X, which didn�t even exist five years ago, is life-threatening? Tay-Sachs, fine, but disease X? Who wants to be known as the pro-abortion posek?
What my experience has shown, and I�m by all measures an adult by now, is that the Safe And Socially Acceptable Answer is only found worthy of a revision by rabbis once there are enough agunahs, molested children, infertile couples and people who cannot make a living without the internet. THEN there are the asifas, the conferences, the rulings for which the rabbonim conveniently take credit when the true heroes of the story are the laypeople who bore the burden of these tirchas themselves, often with the cold indifference of their �leaders�, never losing faith and lobbying tirelessly for socially accepted halachic solutions, often braving denigration and inconvenience when they could have quietly taken care of things as suited them like any other American. And for this we need leaders? Why don�t we think for ourselves? Is there ultimately any alternative?
I know one couple whose shalom bayis was nearly destroyed by a well meaning shul rabbi who told the husband that it is assur to have a treif animal in the house. The husband came home and immediately demanded that the wife get rid of her beloved cat. The wife replied that she would give up the husband before the cat. And a fight ensued. The wife went and looked for another rav, and now the husband and wife, whose shalom bayis was severely weakened by the rabbi�s opinion, now hold by different rabbis, a situation which has been creating one problem after the next since it began. All this over the �issur� of having a treif animal in the house, an �issur� which is not halachic but premised on the subjective interpretation of the obligation of �Be holy, for I Hashem your G-d am holy� (Vayikra 19:2). What gains, religious or secular, resulted from this rav�s �wisdom�? And why should I suffer the inconvenience if not humiliation of going to him with questions when I am ultimately the one who will bear the burden of his failures?
Asking a rav worked back in the shtetl when A) the rav was a recognized figure with political power who did not have to tzitter over the consequences for the shul budget if he gave a questioner an answer he might not find comfortable, the average person�s Jewish education usually did not extend beyond cheder, C) there was no resource like the internet to offer halachic information at the click of a mouse, D) reality was generally more predictable from year to year, without modern technology to constantly reshape it. E) without phones or email, it took time to ask a shailah. This prevented the problem of overworked rabbis being bombarded with many calls each night, and the human temptation to treat said callers like telemarketers.
In summation, whose judgement do you trust- that of the person himself, who has what to lose from the situation, who is personally invested in it, who will take the time to research it as best as he can, or the overworked rabbi who had to interrupt his weekly- and unfortunately, only weekly- homework session with one of his 6 kids, and wants nothing more than to get off the phone, go back to the algebraic equation he was helping little Shloime solve, and hope that his son will forgive the rude interruption?
And when has history ever shown people to be more amenable to someone�s else�s idea over their own?
SHEFFIELD Wednesday have made an approach to sign unwanted Newcastle United striker Nile Ranger.
In a move that will help the Magpies in their quest to clear the decks as they look to inject fresh attacking impetus into the squad, the newly-promoted Owls talked to sources close to Ranger on Thursday.
United want in excess of £500,000 for Ranger but are aware that they will have to lower the £1million asking price that they put on the striker's head last summer.
Wednesday boss Dave Jones is contemplating whether to make an offer to sign him on a permanent basis but is also weighing up a season-long loan if United will allow that.
The key to brokering a deal will be the way it is structured, though. The Journal can reveal that United are seeking a sell-on clause for Ranger (pictured right) to insure them against the possibility that he goes on to rebuild his career away from St James' Park.
It is a move that makes sense, for while all parties seem to be in agreement that Ranger's time on Tyneside needs to come to an end few disputes that he has considerable natural ability.
Ranger has four years of a bumper five-year deal left and rejected a move to Blackpool 12 months ago, despite a £1million fee being agreed. That was a decision that dismayed United, who subsequently blocked loan approaches for the forward.
Barnsley also have an interest in the striker but may struggle to match his wages and the fee United want for him, while Chris Hughton's return to the Premier League with Norwich may prompt an enquiry from East Anglia.
Ranger – who sustained a serious cut to his arm after falling from a fence last week – is looking to move on to kick-start a career that stalled of late.
Pressed on his future earlier this month, Ranger told an internet TV show: “I don't know what is going on (with my future).
“It was a good feeling at Sheffield Wednesday, getting games and getting them promotion.
“I want to play, I don't want to be rotting on a bench and missing out here and there. Obviously I've got four years left at Newcastle and I don't want to just sit down and get money, I want to play.
“Whatever team comes for me, I hope it's high up there in the Prem or the Championship – at a high level – I want to go there.”
Ranger is one of a number of players that Newcastle are looking to sell this summer with Leon Best and Fraser Forster also available for sale.
Best has been the subject of interest from Blackburn while Celtic want to sign Forster – who is yet to commit to a permanent move to Parkhead. Reports from Scotland have claimed that a £2million fee has already been agreed.
As anticipated, this week's return of key members of staff has seen movement in the transfer market without any resolutions.
United are known to have made offers for Ajax's versatile midfielder Vurnon Anita, Lille defender Mathieu Debuchy and Twente striker Luuk de Jong.
There were claims in Holland that the bid has been upped to £12million – but The Journal understands that no fee has been agreed with the Dutch side so far.
As revealed on Friday, he would be open to a move to Tyneside if Newcastle can clinch a deal with Twente.
Sponsored Links Share Display Modes 1 17th July 2014 wolfxandxcrow Biker Join Date: May 2013 Posts: 49 Sportster/Buell Model: 883 Iron Sportster/Buell Year: 2013
Reputation: 10 What the hell S&S???
Decide on the S&S stealth kit.
Finally buy kit.
then this.
The breather bolts are two completely different sizes!!! Thankfully one of them fits. I've emailed S&S as well as the company that I bought the kit from.
Why me?????????????
I just wanna riiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiddde......... Saved and waited to get a new a/c.Decide on the S&S stealth kit.Finally buy kit.then this.The breather bolts are two completely different sizes!!! Thankfully one of them fits. I've emailed S&S as well as the company that I bought the kit from.Why me?????????????I just wanna riiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiddde......... 2 17th July 2014 rejeanprimeau XL FORUM TEAM MEMBER Join Date: Jun 2011 Location: On a farm Posts: 5,850 Sportster/Buell Model: XL77.2R Sportster/Buell Year: 2006
Reputation: 2131490 Ah those chineese cannot tell the difference between two bolts. 3 17th July 2014 wolfxandxcrow Biker Join Date: May 2013 Posts: 49 Sportster/Buell Model: 883 Iron Sportster/Buell Year: 2013
Reputation: 10 same crap with my Pepsi. Is not same sing...
Bookmarks Facebook
Facebook Google
« Previous Thread | Next Thread »
Currently Active Users Viewing This Thread: 1 (0 members and 1 guests) Thread Tools Show Printable Version Email this Page Display Modes Linear Mode Switch to Hybrid Mode Switch to Threaded Mode
Posting Rules You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts On BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is HTML code is Off Forum Rules Forum Jump
User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Whoare Online Search Forums Forums Home FORUM FUNCTIONS Forum Announcments/FAQ/Suggestions/Test Forum FAQ/HOW TO Forum Suggestions Website Announcements Sportsterpedia.com Admin Introduce Yourself CONTESTS XL Forum Weekly Bulletin Archive SPORTSTER MOTORCYCLE FORUM Sportster Motorcycle General Discussion and Problems Sportster Motorcycle Photos/Videos Sportster Motorcycle Era Specific and Model Specific Ironhead Sportster Motorcycle Talk (1957-1985) Frame Mount EVO Sportster Talk (1986-2003 models) Rubber Mount Sportster Motorcycle Talk (2004-2006) EFI Sportster Motorcycle Talk (2007 and up) XR Sportster Motorcycle Talk - XR750, XR1000, XR1200 XR-750 XR-1200 Sportster Motorcycle Styles Sportster Motorcycle Project Chopper & Bobber Talk Cafe Racer Sportster Motorcycle Talk Dirt, Off-Road, and Adventure Sport-Glide / Sportster Motorcycle Touring Sportster Motorcycle Custom Finishing Sportster Motorcycle Motor / Engine Sportster Motorcycle Engine Conversions Sportster Motorcycle Motor - Top End Sportster Motorcycle - Bottom End Sportster Motorcycle Intake and Exhaust Paying Taxes Sportster Motorcycle Air intake, Carburetor, EFI, Fuel, and Exhaust Sportster Motorcycle Electrical Sportster Motorcycle Electrical and Ignition Sportster Motorcycle Lighting Sportster Motorcycle Drivetrain Sportster Motorcycle Transmission, Clutch, Primary & Secondary Drive Sportster Motorcycle Tires, Wheels, and Brakes Sportster Motorcycle Service Sportster Motorcycle Service Bulletins Sportster Motorcycle Recall Info 2000's Sportster Recalls 1990's Sportster Recalls 1980's Sportster Recalls 1970's Sportster Recalls 1960's Sportster Recalls Sportster Motorcycle Suspension, Frame, Forks, Handlebars, Fuel Tank, Oil Tank, Fenders Sportster Motorcycle Seating and Luggage Sportster Motorcycle Accessories Lubrication and Lubricants BUELL MOTORCYCLE FORUM Buell Motorcycle General Discussion and Problems Buell Motorcycle Photos/Videos Buell Motorcycle Project Buell Motorcycle Service Bulletins Buell Motorcycle Engine Conversions Buell Motorcycle Electrical and Ignition Buell Motorcycle Custom Finishing Buell Motorcycle Suspension, Frame, Forks, Fuel Tank, Oil Tank, Fenders Buell Motorcycle Air Intake, Carburetor/Fuel Injection, Fuel, and Exhaust Buell Motorcycle Top End Buell Motorcycle Bottom End Buell Motorcycle Transmission, Clutch, Primary & Secondary Drive Buell Motorcycle Tires, Wheels, and Brakes Buell Motorcycle Accessories Buell Motorcycle Seating and Luggage Buell Recall Information 2000's Buell Recalls 1990's Sportster Recalls HARLEY PAN AMERICA FORUM PAN AMERICA Motorcycle General Discussion and Problems HARLEY STREETFIGHTER FORUM HARLEY STREETFIGHTER Motorcycle General Discussion and Problems HARLEY STREET 500 and 750 Fora HARLEY STREET 500 and 750 Motorcycle General Discussion and Problems SPORTSTER MOTORCYCLE & BUELL MOTORCYCLE FORUM - GENERAL DISCUSSION Organize a Group Buy Dear Harley-Davidson Inc. Dealers, Stealers, Indys and Parts Dealers Riding Tips & Safety Advice Gear - Helmets, Clothing and what not DYNO Charts and Result Product Reviews Riding with disability Stolen Motorcyle Alert XL TEAM MEMBERS XL Team Member Talk SPORTSTER & BUELL MOTORCYCLE RACING Team Elves Sportster Motorcycle Drag Racing LSR - Sporster & Buell Motorcycle Land Speed Record Sportster & Buell Motorcycle Racing GENERAL AREA Off-Topic/General Discussion Jokes and Funnies Off-Topic Archive WilliG's (Willi the Gnome) Travels and Adventures The BUY - SELL - TRADE Zone Lady Riders The Men's Room Other Motorcycle Discussion Bert's Link of the Day and Featured Sportsters Organize a Ride-out or find a riding buddy XL Forum How To Vids and Premier Download announcements On the Road - Stories, Places to Stay/Eat, Places to get Help Memorials Car Talk The Never-ending Story Sober Riding Motorcycle Camping Ebay and XL Classified Notices OFF TOPIC Military Vets, Active Duty, Reserves Human Relationships - Marriage, Dating, the Single Life Sex, Drug, and Rock & Roll Gun Talk Health and Fitness REGIONAL FORUMS Asia Malaysia Singapore South Korea Asgardia Australia - The Land of OZ New South Wales South Australia Northern Territory Queensland Tasmania Victoria Western Australia Australian Capital Territory Canada Prince Edward Island Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundlandand Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Ontario Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Territory Europe der Nederlands Belgium Ireland Deutschland (Germany) United Kingdom England Northern Ireland Scotland Wales Mexico - Takes you to the Mexico Sportster Forum United States of America Northeast Maine New Hampshire Vermont New York Massachusetts Connecticutt Rhode Island New Jersey Maryland Delaware Pennsylvania Washington D.C. Southeast West Virgina Virginia Tennessee North Carolina South Carolina Arkansas Louisiana Mississippi Alabama Georgia Florida Midwest Ohio Michigan Indiana Kentucky Wisconsin Illinois Minnesota Iowa Missouri Great Plains North Dakota South Dakota Nebraska Kansas Oklahoma Texas Northwest Alaska Montana Wyoming Idaho Washington Oregon Southwest California Southern California Nevada Utah New Mexico Arizona Colorado Hawaii APO/FPO - Germany APO/FPO - Italy APO/FPO - Japan/Okinawa APO/FPO - South Korea NON-ENGLISH FORUMS Deutsch Français Español Italiano 日本語 Nederlands Suomeksi Svenska VENDORS Firebrand Bison Motorsport CV Performance SuperBrace Hammer Performance DK Custom Products
Sponsored Links All times are GMT +1. The time now is 04:59 .
It looks like UFC on Fox 8 will be featuring no fights at a higher weight class than middleweight now. Heavyweight Matt Mitrione was forced out of his grudge match with Brendan Schaub due to an injury, and he won't be replaced in the bout. Therefore, Schaub has been removed from the card as well. MMA Fighting has the news:
The heavyweight fight, which was scheduled to take place July 27 at UFC on FOX 8, has been pulled from the card after Mitrione suffered an injury in training, according to sources close to the fight. The same sources indicated that the UFC was leaning towards re-booking the fight on a later card, and as a result, they decided to pull Schaub from the event in Seattle altogether.
The two men, who used to be friends, engaged in a lengthy twitter battle last month to add some fuel to the fight. Neither man has said anything in regards to the fight being pushed back as of yet. Mitrione (6-2) is coming off a 19-second knockout of Phil De Fries in April, while Schaub (9-3) broke a two-fight losing streak with a victory over Lavar Johnson at UFC 157.
The main event of UFC on Fox 8 sees UFC flyweight champion Demetrious Johnson defend his title against John Moraga.
Colorado state legislator (and anti-gay demon-hunting exorcist) Gordon Klingenschmitt attended the Western Conservative Summit in Denver last month, where he interviewed Tony Perkins of the Family Research Council about the Supreme Court decision striking down state bans on gay marriage.
Perkins told Klingenschmitt that Christians should now pull their children out of public schools in the wake of the decision, before their children wind up being indoctrinated “into immoral sexuality.”
“With this decision,” Perkins said, “this will be used as a club to force conformance across the spectrum. I think we're now at a point where parents who are given the authority and responsibility by God to educate their children …. now, I think we're at a point where parents have to seriously consider removing their children from government schools that are going to be teaching and indoctrinating their children into immoral sexuality and this redefinition of marriage.”
Anonymous asked: Do you think game journalism is more or less dying and what you guys do more than just entertainment is where the industry is heading?
Hard to say. There's a large chunk of the potential audience (meaning people who are looking for info about games on the internet) who are perfectly happy just getting the company line directly from the company mouthpieces. Like trailers, community managers, that sort of thing. Some of them have gone “personality-focused” in their approach the same way we have, and it's kind of crazy to see.
I think the people most interested in “deeper” news coverage and reviews will always be there to an extent, but if you're asking me if any site will get back to 2005-2006 numbers by solely focusing on block-and-tackle games journalism… no way. Facebook, Twitter, and all that stuff ended that gravy train years ago. Twitter is a better viewport into most game news than any news-focused game site.
As the ad market continues to transition away from game-focused sites and game publishers and other potential advertisers reach their demographic on other sites, it'll get harder and harder for the traditional approach to work. Some will continue to go down the custom content “informercial” hole, for whatever that's worth. But when there are plenty of people who are willing to get info directly from the source, how long is a publisher going to pay an external company to produce something like that? We've been going down the subscription route, and it's worked out pretty well for us. But if we were just reporting the news and reviewing games in the same old dry style and asking people to pay for it, I doubt that approach would work out the same way.
We'll probably always try to be a mix of information and entertainment, if only because that's the only style that I find interesting to produce these days. If anything, it'll differentiate us from the standard YouTube approach and offer something for people who care enough about games to want to know more about them and the increasingly strange industry behind them.
Our “journalistic” role is, in most cases, to provide context for what's going on and curate things a bit so that we're focusing on things that are actually worth knowing about, rather than simply providing a firehose that blasts out every little bullshit announcement and trailer. The firehose is working reasonably well for the sites that employ it, but I have no interest in building something like that. It already exists in multiple places and I'm not convinced that it's the winning long-term strategy, either.
Short answer: There will continue to be more turmoil and some of the sites that are around today might not make it. But new, more efficient things will probably rise out of that mess and try to find a new path.
Windows Server 2012 will be updated this autumn to Windows Server 2012 R2. This will be the first in a series of more or less annual updates to the Windows Server platform. It's not just the operating system that'll get these regular updates, either. On the server side, System Center and SQL Server are going to be on an annual cadence. On the client side, Visual Studio will be too.
Even though Windows Server 2012 is less than a year old, Microsoft promises a stack of new features for the R2 iteration. Hyper-V, in particular, has some compelling improvements: legacy-free, UEFI-booting "generation 2" virtual machines, faster live migration, live cloning of VMs, online disk resizing, and support for live migration, backup, disk resizing, and dynamic memory for Linux guests.
Windows' pooled storage system, Storage Spaces, is set to become a lot smarter. Pools can use a mix of solid state and spinning disk media, and the Storage Space software will automatically move hot data off the spinning disks and onto the solid state ones.
SQL Server 14's biggest feature is a new in-memory database engine called codenamed Hekaton. SQL Server's internal structures are designed for on-disk storage, where memory is essentially only cache. Hekaton uses different data structures that are tailored to in-memory operation. As long as your data fits into RAM, it should be able to deliver considerable performance improvements.
System Center 2012 R2 will feature tighter integration with the Intune device cloud-based management software, enabling Configuration Manager 2012 R2 to be used for Intune administration.
Visual Studio 2013 will have even more application life-cycle management features, including cloud-based load testing and the display of information such as unit test failures and recent changes directly within the code editor. Git support will be built-in.
Preview releases of most or all of these programs will be made available at Microsoft's BUILD conference later this month.
Most developers and IT departments will probably find at least one or two things in the list of new features to compel them to upgrade. The bigger question is whether they're ready for annual updates; more frequent updates mean more frequent testing, more frequent upgrading or migration, and, potentially, more frequent problems.
From Microsoft's position, the decision was probably an easy one to make, since for its hosted services it's already using this kind of model. Azure, for example, receives regular feature updates delivered as and when the code is ready. Microsoft's Server and Tools division is using this "cloud first" development strategy for Windows, Hyper-V, SQL Server, and System Center. The result will be a greater number of smaller updates, rather than major new versions every three years or so.
This commonality in both software and development has end-user repercussions beyond the more regular updates: it's instrumental to Microsoft's "cloud" ambitions. The same software can be used to deploy and manage both on-premises hardware (and "private clouds") in just the same way as it can manage public clouds, whether Microsoft's own Azure or third-party hosts.
Customer acceptance of these regular updates will no doubt depend in part on pricing. The Server and Tools division sees most revenue come from the Software Assurance multi-year license agreements. The value proposition of these agreements (compared to one-off purchases) varies greatly according to what updates Redmond can deliver over the lifetime of the agreement. The five year gap between Windows Server 2003 and Windows Server 2008, for example, undermined the appeal of Software Assurance. (SA did entitle customers to use Windows Server 2003 R2, but that R2 release was merely a set of installable optional components for Windows Server 2003 Service Pack 1, not an updated version of the core operating system.)
Unlike the client Windows 8.1 update, which will be free to existing Windows 8 users, the new wave of server updates are all paid updates, including Windows Server 2012 R2. This means that customers who paid full price for their licenses will have to pay again to upgrade. Software Assurance customers, however, will receive the new versions as part of their subscription.
In this regard, the new release model makes Software Assurance make sense in a way it didn't before: it's subscription software with regular improvements delivered over the lifetime of the subscription. But making sense and being embraced are two different things. Microsoft's customers may already be paying for regular updates, but whether they're ready, willing, and able to make use of them is much less clear.
Listing image by mnsc
Hey Canada, what the hell is this? <a href="https://t.co/x65C2RoAT3">pic.twitter.com/x65C2RoAT3</a> —@PeteBlackburn
At the World Cup of Hockey final last night, Walk Off the Earth learned that when you break out a ukulele and a melodica to perform O Canada, there will definitely be whinging.
The Burlington, Ont. band performed the national anthem before the second game of the final between team Canada and team Europe.
It could be best described as an unconventional rendition, bringing the Juno award-winning band's indie pop style to an anthem that is usually reserved and ceremonial.
Here's what Montreal Canadiens goaltender Carey Price looked like while they performed:
The band also sang "in all of us command" instead of "in all thy sons command," embracing Mauril Belanger's private member's bill that passed this summer, which would make the anthem more gender neutral.
The Liberal MP died of ALS in August. The bill passed by a vote of 225 to 74, but still needs to go to the Senate.
Predictably, some on the internet were not amused, and the band took to Twitter to defend itself.
Don't be ignorant <a href="https://twitter.com/ddm0909">@ddm0909</a> the original lyric from 1908 was "us command". Get with the times homie! <a href="https://t.co/CaH91qxu4D">https://t.co/CaH91qxu4D</a> —@WalkOffTheEarth
Others simply disliked the stylistic choices.
Whoever hired Walk Off The Earth to sing the national anthem should be fired immediately and exiled from Canada. That was trash. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/WCH2016?src=hash">#WCH2016</a> —@LucMartin__
Many, though, backed up the band.
<a href="https://twitter.com/BTtoronto">@BTtoronto</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/hatersgunnahate?src=hash">#hatersgunnahate</a> Walk off the Earth made me a proud Canadian hearing our anthem being created into a unique experience <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/canada?src=hash">#canada</a> ❤️ —@TaylorPiper21
In the end, Canada continued its dominance at the international level for hockey, topping Europe 2-1 in the dying minutes of the game on a shorthanded goal from Brad Marchand — and really, that's all that matters.
adam.carter@cbc.ca
The federal government confirmed that it is still investigating Wikileaks and has asked the judicial branch to keep its probe secret because of fear over public opinion, according to The Washington Post.
US officials have repeatedly sought to fight transparency over the matter because they were embarrassed after the existence of one of its first subpoenas in the case was revealed, the Post reported on Wednesday.
Albert Gidari, a lawyer representing Google, told the paper that the tech giant wanted to inform Wikileaks-affiliate and data security expert Jacob Appelbaum of the existence of a January 2011 subpoena for his data, but federal prosecutors said that they would “fight you forever.”
Prosecutors, he alleged, were and still are pushing back against interested parties' moves toward disclosure because of a backlash that followed Twitter's revelations about a December 2010 subpoena against Appelbaum and four others, including Icelandic Parliamentarian, Birgitta Jonsdottir.
“The US attorney's office thought the notice and the resulting publicity was a disaster for them,” Gidari said. The Perkins Coie partner added that federal prosecutors at the US Attorney's Office in Alexandria, Va. “went through the roof” after the name of assistant US Attorney Tracy Doherty-McCormick was published.
A spokesperson for the federal prosecutor's office did not respond to The Post's request for comment because the investigation of Wikileaks is ongoing, the spokesperson said. Gidari said that Google is still fighting gag orders on subpoenas “to the present.”
Google's lawyer spoke to The Post after Wikileaks hit out at the company on Monday. The Silicon Valley corporation revealed on Dec. 23 that it was, about thirty months prior, subject to search warrants for three Wikileaks staffers' emails.
“We are astonished and disturbed that Google waited over two and a half years to notify its subscribers,” Michael Ratner, a lawyer representing the Wikileaks staffers said in a letter to Google CEO Eric Schmidt.
Google eventually was allowed to let Appelbaum in on the existence of the order in the autumn of 2011.
Although many orders remain under seal, other former Wikileaks volunteers were also informed by Google of subpoenas and search warrants for their data. As one Sentinel reporter detailed for The Nation in June 2013, Google revealed the existence of federal agents' orders for sensitive data belonging to two Icelandic freedom of information activists, Smari McCarthy and Herbert Snorrason. The August 2011 order called for metadata about the pair's user names, chat logs, and IP addresses. A search warrant was executed in October 2011 against Google for the contents and metadata of Snorrason's email. McCarthy also said he was approached by plainclothes FBI agents in May 2012 late at night at the Archives-Navy Memorial Metro stop in Washington, DC, during a business trip.
“It was very disconcerting,” he said. “It was clear from the fact that they found me there and then that they had been following me, possibly for as much as five days, waiting for me to be alone.”
Wikileaks had established a base in Iceland by 2010, the year in which it published the most explosive classified and secret documents and information about US government national security state activities.
The ongoing federal case against the website has been blasted by civil liberties advocates. The American Civil Liberties Union said that if the US government does decide to prosecute Wikileaks, it would almost certainly violate the freedom of the press.
“We're deeply skeptical that prosecuting WikiLeaks would be constitutional, or a good idea,” ACLU National Security Project director Hina Shamsi said in December 2010. “The courts have made clear that the First Amendment protects independent third parties who publish classified information. Prosecuting WikiLeaks would be no different from prosecuting the media outlets that also published classified documents. If newspapers could be held criminally liable for publishing leaked information about government practices, we might never have found out about the CIA's secret prisons or the government spying on innocent Americans.”
Employees at Apple have filed a patent for integrating solar cells into portable devices by placing them underneath the layers of a touch-sensitive display, according to the filing.
Solar power could help make devices truly portable, freeing from the need for wires to connect them to a power supply.
When generating electricity from solar panels, the larger the panel the better -- but as the patent "Solar cells on portable devices" warns, after allowing space for buttons, screens and a way to hold the device, only a small area is left on most devices for solar cells.
One of the ways around that suggested in the patent is to stack a touch-sensitive layer, a display and solar panel on top of one another. That could make Apple's iPhone and iPod Touch good candidates for such a power supply, as the display occupies almost the entire face of those devices.
The use of solar powered charging in portable devices is starting to get more attention, for more immediate consumer use as well.
When Vodafone announced its plan in April to reduce its emissions of the greenhouse gase CO2 by 50 percent by 2020, it also announced plans for solar-powered phone chargers and universal phone chargers for Vodafone-branded handsets.
At the recent ITU Telecom Africa 2008 conference, Ugandan Minister for Communications and Information and Communication Technologies Ham-Mukasa Mulira talked about trials of solar-powered charging conducted there, which had showed promise.
by
This weekend is shaping up to be a great one! Check out Santa Cruz Paddlefest, the Santa Cruz Symphony presenting Frankenstein or head on down to see the Santa Cruz Warriors take on Oklahoma City Blue.
Bummed St. Paddy's Day fell on a school night? Never fear, we know of a worthy event taking the celebration into the weekend.
Craving music? We've got you covered from the symphony to a choir to a performer from a Spanish island, there's lots to lend your ear to.
See our picks for the top events each day this weekend:
Thursday
We usually kick these Weekend Roundup posts off with Friday events, but we're making an exception this week to make sure you know what's happening around town on St. Patrick's Day.
Want to know who's serving corned beef and cabbage, Irish soda bread, and green beer? Looking to take in traditional Irish music and dancing? The following venues will all be hosting St. Patrick's Day events:
Friday
Santa Cruz Paddlefest
When: 3/18 – 3/20 at 7:00 am
Where: Cowell's Beach
Cost: $40 – $150 for competitor registrations
We're used to surfing competitions in Santa Cruz but this weekend sees a spin on the norm as this time paddlers compete, surfing the waves off of Cowell's Beach.
Surf kayakers, stand-up paddleboarders, and waveskiers will race at Steamer Lane in separate classes Friday through Sunday. Intermediate racers will surf Cowell's waves Saturday and Sunday. Additionally, another race has paddleboarders taking on laps between Cowells and the harbor.
Come out and watch the thrills! At time of this post, registration is still open to compete in the Cowell's-Harbor race.
Get more info here.
My Show: Melody Strong Grace & Friends, Living the Dream
When: 3/18 at 6:30 pm, 3/19 at 1:00 pm
Where: Aerial Arts Santa Cruz
Cost: Floor $10, Chair $15
Melody Strong Grace and fellow artists have drummed up a fun show for the whole family where audience participation is encouraged. Sing-a-longs, aerial acts, piano music, and puppetry are just some of what's in store. No experience necessary. Melody and team will teach you the songs.
As an extra treat, homemade chocolate will be provided from the star herself, a woman obviously of many talents.
Get more info here.
Kids Campfire & Hot Dog Dinner
Drop off the kids and make it a date night! The Ramblin' Adventure Club will take over babysitting duties with a beach bonfire, hot dog and marshmallow roasting, and tons of fun.
When: 3/18 from 4:00 pm to 9:00 pm
Where: Seabright Beach
Cost: $36 per child
Get more info here.
Santa Cruz Warriors v. Oklahoma City Blue
When: 3/18 at 7:00 pm
Where: Kaiser Permanente Arena
Cost: $17 – $40
The Warriors take on Oklahoma City Blue again for the second time this month. The Warriors won one game last time and Blue came back to beat them the following day in a close overtime game.
What will happen as the two teams meet again to play Friday and Saturday on Santa Cruz turf? Come out to witness the action and cheer the players on. All fans can play Basketball Bingo presented by Llyod's Tire & Auto Care while at the game.
Get more info here.
CannTalk
When: 3/18 from 6:00 pm to 9:00 pm
Where: Rio Theatre
Cost: Free
No matter which side of the spectrum you stand on, this event will surely expand your knowledge of the green stuff. The free lecture series in three parts brings together industry experts to discuss cannabis science, research, politics and business.
Get more info here.
Also on Friday
Want to see all the best events in Santa Cruz every weekend? Click here to get these Weekend Roundup posts delivered straight to your inbox. Want to see all the best events in Santa Cruz every weekend?to get these Weekend Roundup posts delivered straight to your inbox.
Saturday
Santa Cruz Warriors v. Oklahoma City Blue
When: 3/19 at 7:00 pm
Where: Kaiser Permanente Arena
Cost: $17 – $34
The two teams meet to slam-dunk it out again. Free Warriors frisbees from Beach Street Inn & Suites to the first 1,500 fans.
Get more info here.
Sheep to Shawl Fair
When: 3/19 from 10:00 am to 2:00 pm
Where: Live Earth Farm
Cost: $15 – $20
How did that sheep get onto your sweater? Find out how this happens as well as much more that the white fuzzy animals contribute to our daily lives as the Live Earth Farm puts on a fun, interactive experience for all.
Experts and local organizations will demonstrate and guide hands-on activities including shearing, dyeing, knitting, crocheting, weaving, spinning and more. Vendors will have a variety of sheep related products on hand. A lamb petting pen boosts the cuteness factor.
Get more info here.
Luck o' the Castros
When: 3/19 from 11:00 am to 12:00 pm
Where: Castro Adobe State Historic Park
Cost: Free admission (donations gratefully accepted)
Lucky visitors will get an introduction to California's next state park on an easy guided walk. You'll learn the fascinating history of Pájaro Valley and the relic home that has lasted there over a century.
Get more info here.
Author Visit with Craig Harwood
When: 3/19 from 2:00 pm to 4:00 pm
Where: Scotts Valley Branch of the Santa Cruz Public Libraries
Cost: Free
Did you know Santa Cruz made a mark in aviation history? Come hear author Craig Harwood speak about “Quest for Flight,” a biography he wrote chronicling a 19th century inventor and American west aviation pioneer.
Get more info here.
Paddy-Palooza: A Party with a Purpose
When: 3/19 from 6:00 pm to 9:00 pm
Where: An Epicurious Lifestyle: 104 Bronson St, Santa Cruz
Cost: $20 suggested donation
Continue the St. Paddy's celebration while giving to a good cause. Festivities include food, drinks, a raffle, live music and crafting for the kids. Proceeds from the occasion will benefit Cherish Uganda, an organization that includes a school, hospital, farm, and a home for orphans living with HIV/AIDS.
Get more info here.
Santa Cruz Symphony: Frankenstein!!
When: 3/19 at 8:00 pm, 3/20 at 2:00 pm
Where: Santa Cruz Civic Auditorium / Henry J Mello Center
Cost: $27 – $72
Composer and chansonnier H.K. Gruber, travels from Vienna to wow us with a blend of music pieced together, weaving the sometimes horrifying and other times sweet tale of Frankenstein.
Get more info here.
Santa Cruz Paddlefest
See Description Under Friday Section
My Show: Melody Strong Grace & Friends, Living the Dream
See Description Under Friday Section
Also on Saturday
Keep up with us all weekend long, and see which events we're attending, by Keep up with us all weekend long, and see which events we're attending, by following Santa Cruz Life on Instagram
Sunday
Buika
When: 3/20 at 7:30 pm
Where: Rio Theatre
Cost: $35.00 – $50.00
Buika, the flamenco superstar with a soulful, husky sound touted by NPR as, “one of the world's 50 great voices” will perform her unique mix of jazz, flamenco, blues, and soul influenced by American, Cuban and Spanish rhythms.
Get more info here.
Santa Cruz Chorale presents the San Jose State University Choraliers in Concert
When: 3/20 at 4:00 pm
Where: Holy Cross Church
Cost: $5 – $25
Our friends from over the hill known for their blended vocal styling and masterful musicianship will dazzle attendees with selections from Frank Martin's Mass for Double Choir, a piece shockingly first performed 40 years after it was written, as well as music from the Renaissance and modern times.
Architecture at the Holy Cross Church no doubt will lend beauty and acoustical attributes to the special afternoon.
Get more info here.
Santa Cruz Paddlefest
See Description Under Friday Section
Santa Cruz Symphony: Frankenstein!!!
See Description Under Saturday Section
Also on Sunday
PS – Get coverage of the best Santa Cruz events and other Santa Cruz Life content delivered straight to your inbox by signing up below…
Updated 9:18 pm
Bottles of Fireball whiskey, the insanely popular cinnamon-flavored frathouse favorite, are being recalled in some European countries—because it's got too much of a chemical used in antifreeze (among other things) inside.
Late last week, the whiskey's European bottler informed the makers of Fireball that they were out of compliance with European regulations. The Fireballers prepare two versions: a recipe for Canada and the United States containing the chemical, propylene glycol, and a European version that has less of the stuff. Propylene glycol is used for a variety of industrial, cosmetic, and food production uses. In your Prestone Low-Tox, it's an antifreeze. In Fireball, it's used as a sweetener, its makers say. (And yes, according to the Centers for Disease Control, it's "generally regarded as safe for use in food.")
“It appears that we shipped our North American formula to Europe and found that one ingredient is out of compliance with European regulations,” a Fireball spokeswoman told The Daily Beast in an email. “Finland, Sweden and Norway have asked to recall those specific batches which is what we are doing.” (There's no word of an American recall.)
Fireball has exploded in popularity in the United States, prompting expansion in Europe. Earlier this year, the fraternity news website Total Frat Move declared Fireball “the most popular shot for college students.”
In 2011, Fireball had just $1.9 million in sales in the United States, reported Bloomberg Businessweek. By 2013, that figure rose to $61 million, surpassing Jameson Irish whiskey and Patron tequila. These figures don't include sales at bars, meaning that sales of the drink were likely even higher.
And when a wedding party attached a GoPro camera to a bottle of the whiskey, the resulting video went viral. “One of the most unique wedding videos ever,” declared Buzzfeed.
One key ingredient of the stuff: Propylene glycol, a synthetic liquid that absorbs water. The Centers for Disease Control note that it is used to “make polyester compounds, and as a base for deicing solutions.” In food production, the CDC adds, the syrupy stuff also can be used to "maintain moisture... It is a solvent for food colors and flavors."
Fireball insists that there are “no health risks” and that “all Fireball formulas are absolutely safe to drink.”
The Food and Drug Administration has deemed propylene glycol as “generally recognized as safe” for use in food products, up to 50 grams per kilogram. The whiskey made by Fireball has less than 1/8 the amount of propylene glycol allowed by FDA regulations, a spokeswoman pointed out.
The European formula for Fireball has even less: under one gram per kilogram of propylene glycol.
“Propylene glycol (PG) is a regularly used and perfectly safe flavoring ingredient. PG has been used in more than 4,000 food, beverage, pharmaceutical and cosmetic products for more than 50 years. Most people consume PG every day in soft drinks, sweeteners,” the spokeswoman said.
Fireball Cinnamon Whiskey is manufactured by Sazerac, an alcoholic beverage company based in Metairie, La.
1.6k SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
As the Texas legislative session comes to an end, the bills that have passed are peppered heavily with Tea Party ideas. Yet, Tea Party activists contend that the Texas legislature is still not conservative enough. Lawmakers that have spent the entire legislative session pandering to right-wing extremists, may soon recognize that there is no placating the Tea Party base.
For example, the Texas legislature passed a 25 percent property tax cut and a 25 percent business franchise tax cut, but conservative activists are disappointed that they did not cut property taxes further, and abolish the business franchise tax altogether.
Lawmakers boosted “border security” funding to record levels, but anti-immigrant Tea Party leaders are upset that the legislature did not also repeal the Texas DREAM Act and ban sanctuary cities.
The Texas Senate also passed legislation allowing the open carry of handguns in the Lone Star State, but that was not enough to impress Texas Tea Party leaders who still give the decidedly right-wing Texas Senate and House low marks for not being conservative enough.
For example, JoAnn Fleming, the Executive Director for “Grassroots America: We The People”, a Tea Party umbrella group, graded the Texas legislature poorly, stating:
I'd give the Senate a C, and the House a failing grade. Overall, the Legislature would get a D in my classroom.
Tea Party constituents view legislative compromise as selling out. Consequently, many Texas Republican lawmakers fear primary challenges from candidates running to their right. This creates a vicious spiral where lawmakers pass right-wing legislation to appease Tea Party constituents, only to find that such legislation only emboldens Tea party extremists to demand even more.
In 2016, Democrats and Independents must turn out in full force to counteract the voting power of the GOP's Tea party base. If they fail to do so, the Texas legislature will continue to move further and further to the right. Yet, no matter how far to the right they govern, the Tea Party will try to push them even further out to the fringe.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
Peyton Manning won't have at least one familiar face to throw to when the Broncos open training camp.
The organization announced on Tuesday that tight end Joel Dreessen has been cut with a released/failed physical designation, per the team's official website.
The @Broncos have been so good to me. We literally explored every possible option to get me healthy. Thank u. #firstclassorganization â JoelDreessen (@JoelDreessen) July 22, 2014
The nine-year veteran signed with Denver before the 2012 campaign after five solid seasons with the Houston Texans. Dreessen notched 48 catches for 403 yards and six scores during his two seasons with Manning.
The Broncos save $2.5 million by releasing the 31-year-old target, who in February underwent his third left-knee operation over the past year.
Denver still has the outstanding Julius Thomas alongside Jacob Tamme, but only Virgil Green and Cameron Morrah sit behind the duo. Look for the Broncos to add a body or two before camp unleashes in full.
The latest "Around The League Podcast" shines a light on the most unpredictable teams entering the 2014 season.
‘Naive' priest stole £150,000 of parish funds to give to begging woman BelfastTelegraph.co.uk A Catholic priest who ‘naively' gave almost £150,000 of parish funds to a woman he believed to be destitute, has pleaded guilty to fraud. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/naive-priest-stole-150000-of-parish-funds-to-give-to-begging-woman-29187176.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/incoming/article29187376.ece/664a1/AUTOCROP/h342/Fr%20Conleth%20Byrne
Email
A Catholic priest who ‘naively' gave almost £150,000 of parish funds to a woman he believed to be destitute, has pleaded guilty to fraud.
Fr Conleth Byrne (78) told police he paid the money to Marie Hanna from Ballycastle over a 19-month period out of “charity” after she begged him for financial help, a court was told.
The retired parish priest pleaded guilty yesterday to fraud by abuse of position just before his trial was due to begin at Downpatrick Crown Court.
Fr Byrne was a priest in Loughinisland, Co Down, when Ms Hanna, who is in her 50s, called at the parochial house in September 2007 and claimed to be in “dire need” of financial assistance, the court heard. Ms Hanna told Fr Byrne she had just been released from prison, was homeless, had no adequate clothing, had been denied social security benefits and was in need of medication.
He gave her some money from his own savings to help with accommodation, but this marked the “beginning of a cycle” whereby Ms Hanna would come to him on a regular basis seeking help and assistance, the court was told.
Over the next few months, Ms Hanna received £45,000 from Fr Byrne's own personal funds and from money he borrowed from friends and family to help her.
She would tell him she needed money for changes in accommodation after being evicted, to pay court fines, to buy medication, for sanitary requirements, furniture removals, to replace damaged furniture and for “crisis arising in the lives of close family members”, the court heard.
After he exhausted his own money he began to use parish funds. From early January 2008 to August 2009, Ms Hanna received between £133,000 and £145,000 in cash from Fr Byrne, which he obtained through the cashing of cheques from the parish account.
The court heard that Ms Hanna assured Fr Byrne she would repay the money as she was waiting for substantial money from court claims and benefits.
Although the relationship between Fr Byrne and Ms Hanna was not fully explained to the court, other than he had known her for a long time, prosecution and defence barristers stressed there were no issues of “personal gain, blackmail or sexual favours” in this case.
Fr Byrne was arrested in late 2009 after the finance department of the Diocese of Down and Connor identified irregularities in the parish accounts.
“The defendant maintained... that he provided assistance to the woman out of charity on the basis of dire and immediate need as portrayed by her,” a prosecution barrister told the court.
“He believed also that a substantial amount would be repaid by her and that any deficit to the parish would ultimately be made good by him.
“The prosecution cannot gainsay his assertion that his actions were well intentioned and borne out of charity, albeit the amount of money involved suggests a high degree of naivety on his part.”
Fr Byrne's defence barrister told the court that he was entering a plea of guilty to the charge of fraud on the basis that he was accepting he had acted dishonestly by not seeking authority to use parish funds to help Ms Hanna.
The court heard that Fr Byrne, who receives a pension of around £900 a month, has already paid back £20,000 of his own money to the parish and has gathered another £9,000 to repay.
His lawyer added that Fr Byrne intends to continue making reparation for the missing funds.
Fr Byrne was released on bail to return for sentencing next month.
Belfast Telegraph Digital
Hall of Fame first baseman Lou Gehrig spent 17 seasons with the New York Yankees until a degenerative nerve disorder called Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS), later commonly known as Lou Gehrig's disease, forced him to quit the game in 1939 at the age of 36. (The disease would claim his life less than two years later.)
Gehrig, who held the record for most consecutive games played with 2,130 until Cal Ripken Jr. passed him on Sept. 6, 1985, will always be remembered for his heartbreaking "Luckiest Man" farewell speech at Yankee Stadium on July 4, 1939.
With Friday marking the 75th anniversary, MLB.com, helping to raise funds and bring awareness to ALS, produced the below video of all 30 current MLB first basemen (and a cameo by Yankee Derek Jeter) reciting Gehrig's now-iconic oration. It was played at Yankee Stadium before New York hosted the Tampa Bay Rays on Wednesday afternoon.
Article continues below ...
Watch it (and watch out for goosebumps) below:
Minnesota United's Pop-Up Shop is back just in time for the holidays. Get clearance pricing on a wide array of Minnesota United gear with select items up to 50% off, plus Itasca Society members can use their discount card at the shop on all regularly priced merchandise for extra deals. Some items and sizes are limited, so be sure to stop by early for the largest selection at the best price! Home Opener Holiday Packs will also be available. If you purchase your pack at the store, you will receive your Holiday PK Ornament at checkout.
DETAILS
Location: MNUFC Front Office, 4150 Olson Memorial Hwy, Golden Valley MN 55442
Days: Tuesday, Dec. 12 – Friday, Dec. 15 & Monday, Dec. 18 – Friday, Dec. 22.
Hours: 12:00–7:00 p.m. daily
Deals: Up to 50% off select items
The shop is open on weekdays from 12:00 to 7:00 p.m. beginning on Tuesday, Dec. 12 and closing Friday, Dec. 22 – located at the MNUFC front office first floor, 4150 Olson Memorial Hwy, Golden Valley.
Keep an eye on the Minnesota United social pages for special daily deals or shop online today at MNUFC.COM/SHOP.
Minister for Education for Maharashtra state, Vinod Tawde has a degree from an unrecognised university, according to a report in regional channel Mi Marathi.
The minister had said that he holds a BE (Electronics) degree from Sant Dnyaneshwar University, Pune, but the university's website says that it is not affiliated with the UGC or AICTE, the bodies responsible for maintaining the required standards at higher education institutions.
The news comes in the backdrop of the controversy over the education qualifications of HRD Minister Smriti Irani and the fake degree row by Jitender Singh Tomar​, which forced him to resign from the post of Delhi Law Minister.
According to information presented to the Election Commission, BJP leader Vinod Tawde completed his engineering in electronics from the Dnyaneshwar Vidyapeeth in 1984. However, the university is not associated with AICTE or the Directorate of Technical Education, Maharashtra.
The Bombay High court had in a 2005 order, said that Dnyaneshwar Vidyapeeth does not have any rights to award degrees, and that the degrees issued even before 2005 were invalid, the Mi Marathi report said.
In his statement, Tawde said that his degree was not bogus and that he had never hidden the fact that he had a degree from Sant Dnyaneshwar University. "I have mentioned it in all my election affidavits and I did not cheat anyone. I did not take any benefits that are due to graduates in passport, nor did I register myself as a voter in Graduates' Constituency," Tawde said.
"A bridge course was started at the Vidyapeeth with the objective of imparting practical experience to students along with theoretical knowledge. I took admission to the course in 1980 and passed out in 1984. The course comprised part-time education and part-time internship," Tawde said.
"Everyone is talking about integrating real work experience in the curriculum and my university did that years ago," he said, adding that he was aware in 1980 that the course was not recognised and he was fine with it.
Also Read: Politicians, why do you lie about degrees when law doesn't ask for it?
Android malware HummingBad that was first spotted in February this year has now infected over 10 million smartphones, according to Security firm Check Point. The firm notes that users most impacted by the malware are in China and India.
According to Check Point, the group behind the malware is a bunch of developers from Chinese mobile ad server company Yingmob. The company has several teams developing legitimate tracking and ad platforms; however there is said to be a specific group of people within the organisation that is responsible for this malicious software. Check Point claims that the team responsible for developing the HummingBad malware is 'Development Team for Overseas Platform', which includes four groups with a total of 25 employees.
HummingBad tries to gain root access to the device with the objective to generate fraudulent ad revenue by installing additional fraudulent (and malicious) apps. Yingmob generates as much as $300,000 (roughly Rs. 20,257,000) per month in fraudulent ad revenue through this malware, Check Point says.
The malware has now spread across 20 countries, but the largest numbers of affected users are in India and China. Check Point says 1.35 million (13.5 lakh) smartphones in India are affected by the HummingBad malware, while China has the most affected users at 1.6 million. Interestingly most of the Android devices affected are running old versions. Around 50 percent of the affected devices run Android KitKat, while 40 percent affected users have JellyBean running on their smartphones.
Google acknowledged the threat and confirmed that it was aware about it. "The company has long been aware of this evolving family of malware and we're constantly improving our systems that detect it. We actively block installations of infected apps to keep users and their information safe," Google spokesperson told CNET.
According to Check Point, HummingBad installs more than 50,000 fraudulent apps per day. These apps display more than 20 million ads everyday, generating 2.5 million clicks per day through illegitimate methods. While this malware is minting an approximate amount of $10,000 per day for Yingmob, it puts 10 million Android smartphones and the sensitive data stored on them in serious danger.
If you're an Android smartphone user who is seeing unnecessary ads, your smartphone could potentially be affected by the HummingBad malware. In order to detect this malware, use a security app that can detect malicious activity on smartphones and flag them. Options like Avast, AVG, and Lookout can be considered.
If HummingBad malware is found on your phone, Check Point's Dan Wiley claims that your only option is to factory reset your device, which means you will lose all your data, apps, and stored passwords. It is recommended you back up all data, contacts, and everything else before selecting the reset option. Wiley also advises against downloading apps from untrusted stores. Google vets the apps on the official Play Store, but the same cannot be said for other unofficial stores.
TOKYO (Reuters) - The Bank of Japan will maintain its existing stimulus policy and optimistic economic view when it meets on Thursday, sources say, preferring to take more time to gauge whether a run of weak data is sufficient to threaten a fragile recovery.
Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda attends the Jackson Hole Economic Policy Symposium in Jackson Hole, Wyoming August 22, 2014. REUTERS/David Stubbs
But signs of prolonged disruption from a sales tax hike in April are beginning to sap the conviction of many central bankers that the economy will rebound steadily from a severe second-quarter contraction caused by the higher levy.
While the BOJ is likely to stick to its assessment that the economy is recovering moderately, pessimists on the board may propose offering a bleaker view on components such as factory output, say sources familiar with the bank's thinking.
“It's pretty clear from data out so far that the economy is undershooting the BOJ's forecast,” said Yoshiki Shinke, chief economist at Dai-ichi Life Research Institute. “The rebound in July-September may prove to be much weaker than expected.”
The BOJ cut its assessment on exports earlier this month to say they were “weakening” but left intact its view that factory output, while also weakening, continues to “rise as a trend”.
That view may be subject to change after data on Friday showed July's factory output barely recovered from a steep fall in June, which was the biggest retreat since the March 2011 earthquake as weak sales left firms with huge inventories.
Household spending fell more than expected in July and analysts expect bad weather and lasting effects from the tax hike to weigh on consumption in coming months, casting doubt on the BOJ's view that domestic demand remains firm.
Domestic automobile sales fell 9.0 percent in August from a year earlier, the biggest monthly decline since the April tax hike, data from an industry organization showed on Monday.
The recent run of weak data will be closely scrutinized at the BOJ's two-day rate review that ends on Thursday.
At the meeting, the bank is expected to leave unchanged its policy framework, under which it pledged to increase base money by 60-70 trillion yen ($578-674 billion) per year via aggressive asset purchases to reflate the long-moribund economy.
INFLATION VIEW INTACT
Japan's economy shrank at an annualized 6.8 percent in the second quarter, more than erasing a first-quarter surge in the run-up to the sales tax hike.
Data out on Monday showed companies raised capital spending in April-June from a year earlier, but a quarter-on-quarter decline suggests revised figures are likely to confirm the economy's deepest contraction since the March 2011 earthquake.
Analysts polled by Reuters expect a 3.8 percent bounce this quarter.
The BOJ is likely to cut its economic growth projection for the current fiscal year when it reviews its long-term forecasts in October. But it still expects the economy to ride out the tax hike and recover strongly enough to meet its 2 percent inflation target sometime in the next fiscal year starting in April.
BOJ Governor Haruhiko Kuroda, unfazed by the second-quarter contraction, has stressed that the recovery remains intact and that Japan is making headway in meeting the price target. He is likely to stick to that message at a post-meeting briefing on Thursday, analysts say.
Sources have told Reuters that the BOJ is likely to keep its bullish price forecasts, which see consumer inflation nearing 2 percent next fiscal year, even as it cuts its economic growth forecast in October.
Behind the BOJ's optimism is a steady improvement in job and income conditions. The jobless rate is at levels the BOJ sees as near full employment and job availability is at a 22-year high.
Companies, after holding down wages for nearly two decades on prospects that deflation will persist, are gradually raising salaries and bonuses, offsetting some of the pressure on households from the sales tax hike.
There is also a practical reason for the BOJ to put on a brave face. The key goal of its massive stimulus program is to lift public sentiment and make people believe that prices and wages will rise in coming months. Comments revealing concerns over the economic outlook may dampen sentiment and undermine the effect of the stimulus, BOJ officials say.
Still, the widening gap between Kuroda's upbeat tone and the pessimism spreading among private-sector analysts may dent the BOJ's credibility, particularly if upcoming data continues to disappoint, analysts say.
“The economy continues to undershoot the BOJ's forecast but the bank hasn't changed its bullish price forecasts. With the data so weak, it's becoming more and more difficult to explain why prices could keep rising even when growth is slow,” said Izuru Kato, chief economist at Totan Research Institute.
“Kuroda probably thinks it's too early to give up (on meeting the target). But at some stage, he will either have to ease further or delay the timeframe for meeting the price goal.”
Under its “quantitative and qualitative easing” scheme launched in April last year, the BOJ has pledged to engineer 2 percent inflation in roughly two years in a country mired in 15 years of deflation.
None of the analysts polled by Reuters expect the BOJ to meet the target within the two-year timeframe.
(1 US dollar = 103.8100 Japanese yen)
CONTROLS:
Post mortem
Well, it doesn't work in VR, and it doesn't work in a webplayer (maybe this will be fixed in a while, as this is a Unity beta problem). Also, I was two days late, the game should have been done on Sunday. I will therefore, do a truncated video game week this week. Something simple like a text adventure or a puzzle match three things, or maybe something else?? Overall, I am pretty pleased with how CUBE DEATH PRISON turned out. It has fun mechanics, compelling progression or at least difficulty. And you can play it with your friends if you have enough controllers. I like that I get to make up fun stories for the menu text.
Things I don't think went the best are the sound effects. The sound effects are kind of bad and also repetitive. And there's no music. Another part that is bad is the compatibility. Only Xbox controllers, and that means only windows and then there's the problem with the UI not scaling exactly right for every resolution.
OVERALL SCORE: 92 REINDEER CUBES.
[escape this fate]
Here it is: https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0B209xEE7EEixbHk4XzNfMUdzeDg&usp=sharing This is my first game a week game! You should know, you'll probably need an 360 controller, or something that fakes your computer into thinking that your controller or keyboard is a 360 controller to play this. Also, it's probably only going to work at full screen at 1920x 1080 or higher, though you can test your luck with this.CUBE DEATH PRISON is a four player cooperative (or not) twin stick shooting game! Murder cubes in the CUBE DEATH PRISON. Collect microcubes to bolster your. Avoid cubes to sustain your cubelust! Circle strafe to morph your true einherjar form!TO APPLY TORQUETO PERPETRATE CUBE VIOLENCETO CHARGE ADVANCED CUBE ARTILLERYTO EXTEND LASER APPENDAGETO CALCULATE GRAVITYTO UNCALCULATE UNGRAVITYTO HALT THE FLOW OF TIME
BuzzFeed News reported earlier today that Bill Shorten had refused to rule out "partial deregulation" of the university sector, which could lead the way to a two-tier system of degrees around the country.
I think our higher education policies are outstanding. We will oppose full fee deregulation. We will also take the pressure off universities trying to up fees because we will provide a minimum student guarantee.
On ABC's 7:30 last night, treasurer Scot Morrison and his Labor counterpart, Chris Bowen, both said they wouldn't deregulate universities if they win government on July 2.
But that's not entirely accurate.
Although the Coalition government hasn't released a higher education policy this election campaign, it has released a discussion paper, outlining a proposal to introduce "partial deregulation". Partial deregulation would allow universities to set the fees for some but not all of their courses.
The sector has been at a stand-still since 2014 when former education minister Christopher Pyne failed to pass legislation that would have fully deregulated the sector.
Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders speaks at a news conference in Emeryville, Calif., on June 6. (Elijah Nouvelage/Reuters)
One year ago, when his primary campaign trailed badly in every state, Sen. Bernie Sanders toured a D.C. jobs center and unveiled a plan that would never make it through the Republican-run Congress. His plan for young job-seekers was $5.5 billion, in a fund paid for by taxes and cuts to prison spending.
"It makes a lot more sense to invest in jobs, in job training, and in education than spending incredible amounts of money on jails and law enforcement," Sanders said.
On June 3, Sanders joined Robert Reich, the one-time secretary of labor who has become one of the senator's most visible intellectual supporters, and reiterated his plan to stimulate jobs. Not much had changed: Sanders still wanted the government to intervene and create more work for people, which on top of a higher minimum wage would stimulate the economy. Hillary Clinton, the Democratic front-runner, was not talking about the day's sluggish jobs report. Sanders was leaning in.
"These are bad labor reports, and what they tell me is that we need to put Americans back to work in a very significant way," he said. "That tells me we need to rebuild our infrastructure, a trillion-dollar investment over five years creates 13 million jobs."
As his campaign faces a murky finish — even a triumph in California is unlikely to stop Clinton from winning a majority of pledged delegates — Sanders has continued his two-track approach to media access. He holds daily news conferences designed to push one of his daily messages. He also argues that the end of the primaries begins a period where superdelegates can flip the nomination to the primary's runner-up — himself.
For the moment, the approaches complement each other. The media that travel with Sanders and report on his message will likely vanish after June 7, and certainly vanish if he ends his campaign. But that media can hardly be expected to report on his every idea, as consistent positions do not fit the usual rubric of "news."
In Berkeley, where Sanders met with Reich, the story was that the senator's agenda should have been implemented.
"The last three months, we've seen a market slowing in creation of new jobs," Reich said. "It's slowing down, it's slowing down partly because Congress has not seen fit to enact the sort of policies Sen. Sanders has called for, like infrastructure spending."
Asked what he would recommend turning around the economy in the near term — what, for example, President Obama could do without going through Congress — Sanders largely pivoted back to his platform.
"Well, I think he has begun [to], and his work on overtime is something that we have worked with him on, and I think that's a great step forward," Sanders said. "I think a lot of initiatives that we need do need congressional action. And what I would urge the president to do in the remaining months of his tenure is to get out to the people and rally them. Rally the American people around a progressive agenda. Raising the minimum wage is a no-brainer. The vast majority of the American people believe we should do that. Rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure. Paid family and medical leave. The president just the other day spoke out on the need to expand and extend Social Security. A step in the right direction. I would like to see him do more."
Every day, millions of single adults, worldwide, visit an online dating site. Many are lucky, finding life-long love or at least some exciting escapades. Others are not so lucky. The industry—eHarmony, Match, OkCupid, and a thousand other online dating sites—wants singles and the general public to believe that seeking a partner through their site is not just an alternative way to traditional venues for finding a partner, but a superior way. Is it?
With our colleagues Paul Eastwick, Benjamin Karney, and Harry Reis, we recently published a book-length article in the journal Psychological Science in the Public Interest that examines this question and evaluates online dating from a scientific perspective. One of our conclusions is that the advent and popularity of online dating are terrific developments for singles, especially insofar as they allow singles to meet potential partners they otherwise wouldn't have met. We also conclude, however, that online dating is not better than conventional offline dating in most respects, and that it is worse is some respects.
Beginning with online dating's strengths: As the stigma of dating online has diminished over the past 15 years, increasing numbers of singles have met romantic partners online. Indeed, in the U.S., about 1 in 5 new relationships begins online. Of course, many of the people in these relationships would have met somebody offline, but some would still be single and searching. Indeed, the people who are most likely to benefit from online dating are precisely those who would find it difficult to meet others through more conventional methods, such as at work, through a hobby, or through a friend.
For example, online dating is especially helpful for people who have recently moved to a new city and lack an established friendship network, who possess a minority sexual orientation, or who are sufficiently committed to other activities, such as work or childrearing, that they can't find the time to attend events with other singles.
It's these strengths that make the online dating industry's weaknesses so disappointing. We'll focus on two of the major weaknesses here: the overdependence on profile browsing and the overheated emphasis on “matching algorithms.”
Ever since Match.com launched in 1995, the industry has been built around profile browsing. Singles browse profiles when considering whether to join a given site, when considering whom to contact on the site, when turning back to the site after a bad date, and so forth. Always, always, it's the profile.
What's the problem with that, you might ask? Sure, profile browsing is imperfect, but can't singles get a pretty good sense of whether they'd be compatible with a potential partner based on that person's profile? The answer is simple: No, they cannot.
A series of studies spearheaded by our co-author Paul Eastwick has shown that people lack insight regarding which characteristics in a potential partner will inspire or undermine their attraction to him or her (see here, here, and here ). As such, singles think they're making sensible decisions about who's compatible with them when they're browsing profiles, but they can't get an accurate sense of their romantic compatibility until they've met the person face-to-face (or perhaps via webcam; the jury is still out on richer forms of computer-mediated communication). Consequently, it's unlikely that singles will make better decisions if they browse profiles for 20 hours rather than 20 minutes.
The straightforward solution to this problem is for online dating sites to provide singles with the profiles of only a handful of potential partners rather than the hundreds or thousands of profiles that many sites provide. But how should dating sites limit the pool?
Here we arrive at the second major weakness of online dating: the available evidence suggests that the mathematical algorithms at matching sites are negligibly better than matching people at random (within basic demographic constraints, such as age, gender, and education). Ever since eHarmony.com, the first algorithm-based matching site, launched in 2000, sites such as Chemistry.com, PerfectMatch.com, GenePartner.com, and FindYourFaceMate.com have claimed that they have developed a sophisticated matching algorithm that can find singles a uniquely compatible mate.
These claims are not supported by any credible evidence. In our article, we extensively reviewed the procedures such sites used to build their algorithms, the (meager and unconvincing) evidence they have presented in support of their algorithm's accuracy, and whether the principles underlying the algorithms are sensible. To be sure, the exact details of the algorithm cannot be evaluated because the dating sites have not yet allowed their claims to be vetted by the scientific community (eHarmony, for example, likes to talk about its “secret sauce”), but much information relevant to the algorithms is in the public domain, even if the algorithms themselves are not.
From a scientific perspective, there are two problems with matching sites' claims. The first is that those very sites that tout their scientific bona fides have failed to provide a shred of evidence that would convince anybody with scientific training. The second is that the weight of the scientific evidence suggests that the principles underlying current mathematical matching algorithms—similarity and complementarity—cannot achieve any notable level of success in fostering long-term romantic compatibility.
It is not difficult to convince people unfamiliar with the scientific literature that a given person will, all else equal, be happier in a long-term relationship with a partner who is similar rather than dissimilar to them in terms of personality and values. Nor is it difficult to convince such people that opposites attract in certain crucial ways.
The problem is that relationship scientists have been investigating links between similarity, “complementarity” (opposite qualities), and marital well-being for the better part of a century, and little evidence supports the view that either of these principles—at least when assessed by characteristics that can be measured in surveys—predicts marital well-being. Indeed, a major meta-analytic review of the literature by Matthew Montoya and colleagues in 2008 demonstrates that the principles have virtually no impact on relationship quality. Similarly, a 23,000-person study by Portia Dyrenforth and colleagues in 2010 demonstrates that such principles account for approximately 0.5 percent of person-to-person differences in relationship well-being.
To be sure, relationship scientists have discovered a great deal about what makes some relationships more successful than others. For example, such scholars frequently videotape couples while the two partners discuss certain topics in their marriage, such as a recent conflict or important personal goals. Such scholars also frequently examine the impact of life circumstances, such as unemployment stress, infertility problems, a cancer diagnosis, or an attractive co-worker. Scientists can use such information about people's interpersonal dynamics or their life circumstances to predict their long-term relationship well-being.
But algorithmic-matching sites exclude all such information from the algorithm because the only information those sites collect is based on individuals who have never encountered their potential partners (making it impossible to know how two possible partners interact) and who provide very little information relevant to their future life stresses (employment stability, drug abuse history, and the like).
So the question is this: Can online dating sites predict long-term relationship success based exclusively on information provided by individuals—without accounting for how two people interact or what their likely future life stressors will be? Well, if the question is whether such sites can determine which people are likely to be poor partners for almost anybody, then the answer is probably yes.
Indeed, it appears that eHarmony excludes certain people from their dating pool, leaving money on the table in the process, presumably because the algorithm concludes that such individuals are poor relationship material. Given the impressive state of research linking personality to relationship success, it is plausible that sites can develop an algorithm that successfully omits such individuals from the dating pool. As long as you're not one of the omitted people, that is a worthwhile service.
But it is not the service that algorithmic-matching sites tend to tout about themselves. Rather, they claim that they can use their algorithm to find somebody uniquely compatible with you—more compatible with you than with other members of your sex. Based on the evidence available to date, there is no evidence in support of such claims and plenty of reason to be skeptical of them.
For millennia, people seeking to make a buck have claimed that they have unlocked the secrets of romantic compatibility, but none of them ever mustered compelling evidence in support of their claims. Unfortunately, that conclusion is equally true of algorithmic-matching sites.
Without doubt, in the months and years to come, the major sites and their advisors will generate reports that claim to provide evidence that the site-generated couples are happier and more stable than couples that met in another way. Maybe someday there will be a scientific report—with sufficient detail about a site's algorithm-based matching and vetted through the best scientific peer process—that will provide scientific evidence that dating sites' matching algorithms provide a superior way of finding a mate than simply selecting from a random pool of potential partners. For now, we can only conclude that finding a partner online is fundamentally different from meeting a partner in conventional offline venues, with some major advantages, but also some exasperating disadvantages.
Are you a scientist who specializes in neuroscience, cognitive science, or psychology? And have you read a recent peer-reviewed paper that you would like to write about? Please send suggestions to Mind Matters editor Gareth Cook, a Pulitzer prize-winning journalist at the Boston Globe. He can be reached at garethideas AT gmail.com or Twitter @garethideas.
President Trump accused Puerto Rican workers of not helping in relief efforts on the island following the devastation of Hurricane Maria.
In a series of early-morning tweets, Trump blasted the “poor leadership ability” of the mayor of San Juan and “others in Puerto Rico” following the storm.
“Such poor leadership ability by the Mayor of San Juan, and others in Puerto Rico, who are not able to get their workers to help,” Trump said. “They want everything to be done for them when it should be a community effort. 10,000 Federal workers now on Island doing a fantastic job.”
...Such poor leadership ability by the Mayor of San Juan, and others in Puerto Rico, who are not able to get their workers to help. They.... — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2017
...want everything to be done for them when it should be a community effort. 10,000 Federal workers now on Island doing a fantastic job. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2017
The Trump administration has scrambled to handle the ongoing crisis on the U.S. territory in recent days following pleas from local officials for help.
ADVERTISEMENT
Acting Homeland Security Secretary Elaine Duke traveled to the island Friday to help coordinate the federal government's recovery efforts, but was blasted by San Juan mayor Carmen Yulin Cruz for calling the government's response to the crisis a “good news story.”
“Damnit, this is not a good news story,” Cruz said. “This is a people-are-dying story.”
The Trump administration placed Lt. Gen. Jeffrey Buchanan in charge of the military relief operations Thursday, but he said Friday that the Defense Department has not sent enough troops and vehicles to the island.
Trump insisted Friday that his administration is doing an “incredible job” with relief efforts.
"We have done an incredible job, considering there's absolutely nothing to work with," Trump told reporters at the White House.
An individual detained by the White House on Sunday was found to be in possession of multiple weapons, CNN reported Monday.
The man, who was first approached for public urination, told police he was en route to the White House "for advice on missing paychecks and how to get the chip out of my head” from Secretary of Defense James Mattis James Norman MattisTrump backs off total Syria withdrawal Grass-roots campaign backs Mattis for public office Overnight Defense: Dems tee up Tuesday vote against Trump's emergency declaration | GOP expects few defections | Trump doubles number of troops staying in Syria to 400 MORE and National Security Agency Director Mike Rogers.
ADVERTISEMENT
A search of the man's car found him to be in possession of three knives, nine guns, ammunition, suppressors, brass knuckles and silencers.
The police report attained by CNN said the man has been charged with several weapons violations and taken to a D.C. facility for "mental observation."
It was the first presidential campaign event in which Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton and President Barack Obama appeared together. The Charlotte Observer ran a headline that suggested Clinton found her “roar” during the event in Charlotte, North Carolina. Despite the momentous occasion, teachers and students were there to protest Obama's record on deportations and demand Clinton and Obama release refugee youth, who are currently jailed by Immigration Customs and Enforcement (ICE).
Video from the event posted by Not One More Deportation shows the group of teachers holding up a banner that says, “Release Them Now.” Others hold up portraits of students who are in detention. As the teachers struggle to hold up a banner and draw the attention of Clinton and Obama, supporters of Clinton yell at them to put their banner and signs down so they can see. Many whoop and cheer, as they try to snap pictures with their phones.
Teachers and students declared, “We come here today as teachers, students, and community members to demand that President Obama and former Secretary of State Clinton release all detained refugee youth back to their classrooms and communities.”
“As teachers, it is our job to make sure our students can learn and grow. When they can't, it is our duty to fight for that to change,” they added. “Our students are being picked up by ICE on their way to school. Yefri Sorto Hernandez was taken from his bus stop in Charlotte in January while his mother watched from the window. Wildin Guillen Acosta was picked up a day later outside his Durham home on his way to Riverside High. Hundreds more youth have been targeted and arrested by ICE in recent months. Some have been deported. Others, like Wildin, sit in jail cells with no release in sight.”
The group brought particular attention to the case of Costa, who is a refugee from Honduras. On January 28, 2016, Acosta was warming up his car while getting ready for school. Plainclothes ICE agents appeared and threw Acosta, a 19 year-old, to the ground and detained him, according to journalist Julie Morse.
Acosta fled gang violence in 2014. He traveled by car and foot from Olancho, Honduras. He was the last of his family to leave for Durham.
Now he is in Stewart Detention Center in Georgia. He had everything prepared for college. He was on a path to graduation from high school. But ICE disrupted his life completely.
According to the teachers and students who protested, “At least nine youth from North Carolina and three from Georgia are being held in demoralizing conditions at Stewart and Irwin Detention Centers in Georgia.”
Acostas has been put in solitary confinement for 10 days. One of the reasons for the punishment apparently involves translating a letter into English for another inmate. It was 45 days until the community brought pressure against the detention center.
“We believe that our students are facing retaliation for being high profile detainees.”
Holly Hardin, a middle school teacher in Durham, captured a photo of Clinton “fleeing” the stage instead of addressing the issue of detained students.
“Wildin came to Durham, NC seeking the safety to be a kid, learn, and make a life. His capture, detention, isolation in solitary, and potential deportation puts Wildin into harm's way,” Hardin declared. “I am here to ask Obama to dismantle the system that captures immigrants that he created during his presidency in order to protect all my students. Release Wildin and all the youth back into our communities, where they can survive, learn, and thrive.”
The draft of the Democratic Party's 2016 platform currently reads:
…We should prioritize those who pose a threat to the safety of our communities, not hardworking families who are contributing to their communities. We will end raids and roundups of children and families, which unnecessarily sow fear in immigrant communities. We should ensure due process for those fleeing violence in Central America and work with our regional partners to address the root causes of violence. We must take particular care with children, which is why we should guarantee government-funded counsel for unaccompanied children in immigration courts.
The Obama administration has prioritized the deportation of refugees from Central America, including children, who have fled violence in their countries.
In 2015, immigration authorities deported 235,413 people. Obama has “carried out many more deportations than previous presidents, setting a record of more than 2.4 million formal removals,” according to the New York Times. And the administration frequently targets individuals who have committed low-level nonviolent crimes and breaks up families.
The government also places “unnecessary hurdles” in the way of those seeking asylum, people who have fled El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras who the administration has deported to “send a message.”
In May, as highlighted by Immigration Impact, the Obama administration launched another round of raids, which targeted mothers and young children. The CARA Family Detention Pro-Bono Project “documented” 21 examples where individuals were “processed for deportation after being denied any basic due process protections or ever having had their claims heard.”
States like Texas, North CArolina, South Carolina, and Georgia have the highest rates of asylum denials.
The Obama administration has also sought to expand the detention of immigrant families. In 2015, a federal judge ruled the administration's family detention policy violated the rights of undocumented children. The administration responded by seeking to classify detention centers as “child care” facilities so they could jail mothers and their children.
Researchers claim analysis of 3.2m-year-old skeleton of ‘grandmother of humanity' shows injuries consistent with those of humans falling on hard ground, but others query findings
The ancient human ancestor known as Lucy may have met her death more than 3m years ago when she tumbled out of a tree and crashed to the woodland floor, a team of US researchers claim.
A fresh analysis of the “grandmother of humanity” points out a number of cracks in the fossil bones that the scientists say match traumatic fractures seen in humans who suffer serious injuries from high falls on to hard ground.
“The consistency of the pattern of fractures with what we see in fall victims leads us to propose that it was a fall that was responsible for Lucy's death,” said John Kappelman, an anthropologist who led the study at the University of Texas in Austin. “I think the injuries were so severe that she probably died very rapidly after the fall.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A hypothetical scenario for Lucy's fall out of a tall tree and the subsequent vertical deceleration based on the patterning of bone fractures. The first segment depicts about the last half of the fall from 7.4 m with a real time duration of 0.45 seconds. The second segment shows a close-up of the last 2.2 m of the fall. The third segment shows as low-motion (about 1/5 speed) close-up of the last 1.7 m of the fall. The last frame illustrates the fractures. Credit: John Kappelman, University of Texas at Austin
But the claims, published in the prestigious journal Nature, were roundly dismissed by scientists who spoke to the Guardian. They point out that a lot can happen to a skeleton in 3.2m years. Lucy's body may have been trampled by stampeding beasts before sediment covered the bones and gradually encased them in rock.
“There is a myriad of explanations for bone breakage,” said Donald Johanson at Arizona State University, who discovered Lucy more than 40 years ago in the Afar region of Ethiopia. “The suggestion that she fell out of a tree is largely a “just-so story” that is neither verifiable nor falsifiable, and therefore unprovable.”
Tim White, a paleoanthropologist at the University of California in Berkeley, said the cracks were no more than routine fossil damage. “If paleontologists were to apply the same logic and assertion to the many mammals whose fossilised bones have been distorted by geological forces, we would have everything from gazelles to hippos, rhinos, and elephants climbing and falling from high trees,” he said.
Lucy was discovered in 1974 when Johanson and his student, Tom Gray, were searching for ancient animal bones on the parched terrain near the village of Hadar in northern Ethiopia. The chance finding of a piece of arm bone led them to uncover more remains of an ape-like animal. Eventually, they gathered about 40% of the skeleton.
That evening as the team celebrated at camp the Beatles song Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds came on providing the scientists with a name for their discovery. The species, Australopithecus afarensis, meaning “southern Ape from Afar”, walked upright, but had long, strong arms and curved fingers, making Lucy more adept at life in the trees than modern humans.
Kappelman became intrigued by some of the cracks in Lucy's bones after examining high resolution x-ray scans of the fossils. The cracks had been described before and put down to natural processes such as erosion and fossilisation. But Kappelman thought there might be another explanation.
Working with Stephen Pearce, an orthopaedic surgeon, the scientists identified cracks in more than a dozen bones, ranging from the skull and spine to the ankles, shins, knees and pelvis, which look like compressive fractures sustained in a fall. One injury to the right shoulder matches the kind of fracture seen when people instinctively put their arms out to save themselves, the scientists believe. Kappelman calls it “a unique signature” for a fall and evidence that the individual was conscious at the time.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest 3D printouts of Lucy's right humerus reconstructed Photograph: John Kappelman/University of Texas at Austin
From the scientists' calculations, Lucy, who weighed less than 30kg, could have suffered similar injuries in a fall from about 15 metres. If Australopithecus afarensis climbed trees to nest, the animals could have spent hours a day at this or even greater heights. “We know that chimps fall out of trees and often it's because they step on a branch that turns out to be rotten, and boom, down they come,” said Kappelman.
“Based on clinical literature these are severe trauma events. We have not been able to come up with a reasonable way that these could be fractured postmortem with the bones lying on the surface or even if the dead body was being trampled on. If somebody is trampled on the bone breaks in a different way. It doesn't break compressively,” said Kappelman.
But Johanson is not impressed. The cracks on Lucy's bones are similar to the damage seen on other early human and ancient mammal fossils throughout Africa and the rest of the world, he said. “We don't know how long the fossilisation process takes, but the enormous set of forces placed on the bones during the build up of sediments covering the bones is a significant factor in promoting damage and breakage,” he added.
Jaw bone fossil discovered in Ethiopia is the oldest known human lineage remains Read more
One of White's major complaints is that the scientists fail to prove beyond doubt that the cracks in Lucy's bones occurred around the time of death. “Such defects created by natural geological forces of sediment pressure and mineral growth are very common in fossil assemblages. They often confuse clinicians and amateurs who imagine them to have happened around the time of death,” White said. “Every single element of the Lucy fossil has cracks. The authors cherry pick the ones that they imagine being evidence of a fall from a tree, leaving the others unexplained and unexamined.”
Kappelman concedes that we can never know for sure what happened. “None of us were there. We didn't see Lucy die,” he said. “Thinking about testing this idea, it's hard to get someone to fall out of a tree, but we have tests going on every single day in every emergency room on planet Earth when people walk in with fractures from falls,” he said.
In pondering Lucy's death, she came back to life, Kappelman added. For the first time she became a living, breathing individual, because I could understand what I propose to be her death. We have all fallen down. For an instant in time you can identify with her and imagine exactly what this individual, who lived over 3m years ago, was doing at that instant.”
More than three weeks after Hurricane Maria made landfall in Puerto Rico, much of the island remains without access to cell phone service and electricity. In addition to taking dozens of lives, the storm's 175–kilometer per hour winds, heavy rainfall and flooding destroyed most cell towers and brought down the power grid entirely. Progress to restore these essential services has been slow, given the damage to the island's infrastructure on the ground. Some relief could be on the way from above, however, in the form of massive, translucent plastic balloons. Launched by Alphabet—Google's parent company—the balloons could create a network to restore wireless communications for most of the island's 3.4 million residents.
The floating orbs—which look and move like jellyfish drifting in Earth's stratosphere—are part of Project Loon, Alphabet's experimental effort to deliver wireless services to unserved or underserved areas around the world. Puerto Rico will be Project Loon's biggest challenge since Alphabet's X (previously known as Google X) officially launched the effort in 2013. X's plan is to float the solar-powered, helium-filled balloons about 19 kilometers above Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands for up to six months, creating a wireless network on the ground covering nearly 7,800 square kilometers. (The island itself is just over 9,100 square kilometers.) The balloons can stay aloft in the stratosphere for 100 days or more at a time, according to the company. They change position by navigating the stratosphere's well-charted wind currents.
It is unclear when the balloons might arrive, but the U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) granted Alphabet an experimental license (pdf) on October 7 to deploy 30 of them. Project Loon is now looking to collaborate with local telecom providers in Puerto Rico, which could install small base stations called microcells on lampposts, buildings and other locations where there is a clear line of sight with the sky. Cell phones would communicate with the microcells, which in turn would relay those communications to the network of balloons. Each balloon has two main radio transceivers—one serves as a 4G LTE cellular base station and the other acts a high-speed link that transfers data onto laser signals that are beamed among the balloons. The transceivers essentially transmit connectivity from ground stations, across balloons and back down to users' phones. The signals will be sent over the 900-megahertz frequency band, which the local telecom companies will allow Project Loon to access.
Signals in the 900-MHz band are relatively low frequency, which means they are very reliable when traveling in a straight line through the atmosphere between transmitting and receiving antennas. On the downside, “a few 900-MHz links aren't going to be enough to provide high-speed connectivity to a whole island,” says Aditya Dhananjay, a postdoc at New York University's Tandon School of Engineering. However, “it's more than enough spectrum to connect Puerto Rico to the rest of the world for voice calls and text messaging, but you won't be able to stream YouTube videos,” adds Dhananjay, who is not involved with Project Loon.
On the Ground
Help cannot come soon enough for Puerto Rico's residents, who have been scrambling to find cell service to communicate with one another and with family and friends living off the island. Cell networks have been “fairly functional” in the cities of San Juan [in the north] and Guaynabo to the south, says Giovanni Collazo, an app developer living in San Juan. Calls and SMS work most of the time through his service provider—AT&T—but data service is very limited, slow and “fails all the time.” He recently bought a prepaid SIM card for internet access. (A SIM card is an integrated circuit containing unique information that identifies it to a specific mobile network.) “The plan came with 10 [gigabytes] of data, but I've been using it a lot more than that,” he says. “I'm using one of my test devices as a wi-fi hot spot. As long as Claro [Telecom] is working in San Juan, I'm able to connect. Another thing is that we don't have power, so keeping equipment charged is an issue.”
The situation on other parts of the island is much worse. “During the weekend I visited Caguas, Cayey, Aibonito, Barranquitas and Naranjito, and there's no signal” in those cities, he says. “In most areas not even land lines are working. At one of the stops we saw business owners using satellite phones. As you drive from San Juan to Guaynabo you can see hundreds of cars parked [on] the shoulders of the highway, as people use their phones to contact loved ones and communicate with others on the island and outside [of it],” he notes. “People are finding places where there's good or at least some reception and are going there to use their devices.” As word spreads about the best places to get reception, people drive to those areas from rural parts of the island. He adds: “The telcos have started putting up signs around Guaynabo and San Juan in places where they have coverage so people can stop there and use their services.”
Collazo has another way to gauge wireless service on the island. He runs a start-up called Alias Payments and has created an app—Gasolina Movil—that allows customers to pay for gas at the pump using their smartphones. “In the past few days we've started seeing transactions as stations in the metro area have gone back to normal, and some of them have internet access,” he says. “Our customers are using microwave antennas to get online in most cases since [cable provider] Liberty and Claro have very limited wired service.”
Local television and—more importantly, given the power shortage—radio stations have been talking about Project Loon, so there is some awareness on the island that the technology is coming. “Still, people don't know when and how it's going to work,” Collazo says. “Everyone I know and who is involved in one way or another in the tech scene is very excited about it. Everyone agrees the restoring comms is a priority to first enable emergency services, facilitate aid delivery logistics—there are a lot of new truckers without GPS—mobilize politically and, finally, try to restore business like mine.”
Up in the Air
X spokesperson Libby Leahy released a statement saying, “We're grateful for the support of the FCC and the Puerto Rican authorities as we work hard to see if it's possible to use Loon balloons to bring emergency connectivity to the island during this time of need. To deliver signal to people's devices, Loon needs be integrated with a telco partner's network—the balloons can't do it alone. We've been making solid progress on this next step and would like to thank everyone who's been lending a hand.”
Other large tech companies have also promised to help Puerto Rico. Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg announced in late September the social media giant would send a “connectivity team” to help restore communications on the island. And Tesla CEO Elon Musk tweeted last week that he wants to talk with Puerto Rico's governor about deploying Tesla's solar-charged batteries to restore power on the island.
X has tested Project Loon successfully over New Zealand and Peru in recent years. There is one obstacle that could deflate the project, however. Space Data Corp., a company that makes wireless communications technology for use in balloons, sued X and Alphabet last year. Space Data claims the project infringes on two of the company's patents related to creating airborne networks. The company recently won a motion forcing Alphabet to share technical data on Project Loon to see where it might be infringing on Space Data's patents and could file an injunction calling for Alphabet to stop using any of its infringing technology until the case is decided, Wired reported in July. Alphabet's X did not respond to requests for comment on Project Loon. Given the trial is currently scheduled for summer 2019, an injunction would be a major setback to Puerto Rico.
Central Coast Mariners boss Tony Walmsley said the club would dip further into the transfer market but revealed any potential marquee would likely be signed in the January 2017 transfer window.
“We're being very careful about how to balance the squad now with who we bring in,” he told reporters on Monday as the club resumed pre-season training on the Coast.
“In terms of a marquee, I think we'll be looking at the January time as we did this year to see how the club's positioned and to see who in the marquee ranks is available and affordable for the Mariners."
Head here for the Mariners website
Walmsley hoping Hull and Harry can help Mariners
Last January, the club made a big splash bringing in former Liverpool and Spanish great Luis Garcia after he starred in a Liverpool Legends game in Sydney.
It gave the club a huge boost on and off the pitch. And the Spaniard was deemed a success despite not having done pre-season with the club.
His influence on younger players too will be felt in years to come while his presence gave the club a huge lift on and off the park.
The club now hopes they'll be able to unearth another big name mid-season.
“I know Mike Charlesworth [Mariners owner] is certainly open to the prospect of bringing in another marquee for the back-end of the season," said Walmsley.
It's a meme so ingrained in our national political consciousness that it's shown up in polling questions and on T-shirts: GOP presidential hopeful Sen. Rafael “Ted” Cruz is the infamous Zodiac Killer. But a new, competing meme presupposes: What if he weren't? What if the real Zodiac Killer is Sen. Bernard “Bernie” Sanders?
We've already conducted a thorough examination of the case that Cruz killed at least five people in California in the late '60s and early '70s and sent taunting letters and cryptograms about his crimes to police. But that's not enough to persuade some amateur investigators who believe that Cruz cannot be the Zodiac simply because he hadn't yet been born when some of the murders were committed. They recognize the obvious truth that one of the 2016 presidential candidates committed the Zodiac murders, but they believe the case for Bernie is much stronger.
(Sorry, this embed was not found.)
(Sorry, this embed was not found.)
On Tumblr, Gavelenvy (who runs a Zodiac blog as a hobby) laid out some questions about Sanders' whereabouts post-college, around the time of the California murders:
It wasn't until the mid-to-late 70s that Sanders became recognizable as the politician we know now. In the intervening years, verbal record puts him at some point on a kibbutz ‘somewhere in Israel', though a reporter with Forward has been unable to uncover exactly which kibbutz – and when questioned, his campaign did not provide clarification. Property records place him back in the United States at some point in 1964, but those are far from definitive proof of location. He was in the United States between 1966 and 1971, the Zodiac Killer's speculated period of activity after the initial (suspected) activity in 1963. What years are unaccounted for in Sanders' publicly available history? Of course, 1964-1971 – after which he aligned himself with the Liberty Union Party and made a number of attempts at public office. Why the sudden foray into the public sphere? It seems simple enough: Sanders is the Zodiac Killer, and he knew he was close to being caught. Where better to retreat to than Vermont? How better to establish his alibi than as an anti-war public figure? Even so, he continued to taunt the police well into the early 1970s, finally going silent in 1974 as he made his first bid for a Senate seat and succumbed to the pressure of greater public scrutiny.
Hmm! Bernie Sanders was in the United States during the late '60s. So was the Zodiac. Doesn't take a genius to put two and two together, and it looks like two plus two equals Bernie Is The Real Zodiac.
This may be hard to swallow, considering many people on the Internet like Bernie Sanders, while no one likes Ted Cruz, but facts are facts.
Fortunately, this only makes the best sideshow of this made-for-reality-TV presidential election more entertaining. Can you imagine what would happen if both alleged Zodiacs win their parties' nominations?
With Ruffalo backing Sanders, a Sanders-Cruz general election would be great only for the endless Zodiac jokes and images. — Nicholas Slayton (@NSlayton) March 7, 2016
Photos via San Francisco Police Department, Danny Lyon/Special Collections Research Center, University of Chicago Library
At 18 years old, most kids spend their summer getting ready for college, moving out from their parents' houses, or making plans to find employment. While most give up pencils for work boots, some get the chance to play sports professionally. A select few will take on a new endeavor completely.
A young man by the name of Eric Jenkins is taking on new endeavors in the Arizona Rookie League this summer. Jenkins was drafted in the second round, 45th Overall by the Texas Rangers in this year's MLB Draft. Jenkins hails from North Carolina and was committed to University of North Carolina at Wilmington.
Draft experts differed on their opinion of Jenkins. Some at Baseball America had Jenkins as high as # 40 whereas, Keith Law had him all the way at # 78. Jenkins received a two-million-dollar signing bonus to join the Rangers. His bonus was about $700,000 above the slot value which was approximately $1.3 million. The Rangers wanted to make certain that Jenkins would immediately join their organization and not head off to college.
After being drafted Jenkins started appearing on a lot of prospect lists. On MLBpipeline.com, Jenkins is rated the ninth best prospect in the Rangers Farm System.
Jenkins is listed at 6 feet, 1 inch and 170 pounds but, as you can see from the picture above Jenkins has a wiry frame. Jenkins bats from the left side and in the AZL, he has primarily played center field. Jenkins best tool is his speed, in a showcase in high school Jenkins ran a 6.32 second 60-yard dash.
In the AZL this year, Jenkins has held his own, considering he is approximately two years younger than the average player. In 177 plate appearances, Jenkins is hitting .248/.337/.344 with 19 walks and 51 strikeouts. Power is relatively sparse. Jenkins has no home runs but, does have three doubles and six triples. In the AZL, six is enough to put him in a tie for second in triples. Although it isn't showing up yet, I think there is potential for Jenkins to hit for more power as he matures.
With that said, Jenkins has shown that when he gets on base he is a nightmare to the opposing team. Jenkins has swiped 22 bases in 25 attempts. Jenkins is top ten in walks, runs, and stolen bases however he is striking out almost 29 percent of the time.
When it comes to the field, Jenkins appears to be at ease, only fumbling three balls all year. Jenkins also has three outfield assists and a turned double play, from the outfield. The major league best for double-plays from center field in 2014 was three by, Billy Hamiliton.
Eric Jenkins possess bits and pieces of all five tools. Jenkins has blistering speed around the bases that allows him to steal bases and extend singles to doubles, and doubles to triples. If Jenkins can continue to steal bases and improve his ability to hit for contact, he could move through the system expeditiously. The power may never show up in the form of home runs but, with Jenkins' base-path speed he may never need it.
I expect him to make his full-season debut next year in Low-A, with the expectation that he will be ready for big league service in 2019. I still think he is at least four years away from being serviceable to the Rangers. My comparison: on the high-end is Billy Hamiliton or on the low-end Adam Eaton.
Here is Eric Jenkins prospect video from mlbpipeline.com:
Scottish band Django Django have shared the CGI video for "Reflections". The video is directed by Natalia Stuyk and animated by Eva Papamargariti. The band were transformed into "other-worldly kinetic sculptures" via Motion Capture and Face Shift technologies. Watch it below via Pitchfork.tv.
Django Django's new album Born Under Saturn is out May 5 in the U.S. via Ribbon and May 4 via Because internationally. The entire album is streaming on iTunes Radio. You can check out their upcoming tour dates below, too.
Django Django:
04-30 Kingston, England - New Slang
05-02 Aberdeen, Scotland - Lemon Tree
05-03 Glasgow, Scotland - Live at Glasgow
05-05 London, England - Rough Trade
05-13 Portsmouth, England - Pyramids Centre
05-14 Sheffield, England - The Plug
05-15 Brighton, England - The Corn Exchange (The Great Escape Festival)
05-18 Norwich, England - Waterfront
05-19 London, England - KOKO
05-21 Bristol, England - O2 Academy Bristol
05-22 Warwick, England - Butterworth Hall, Warwick Arts Centre
05-23 Manchester, England - Cathedral
05-29 Cologne, Germany - Electronic Beats
05-30 Paris, France - Parc de Bagatelle (We Love Green Festival)
06-06 London, England - Field Day Festival
07-02 Gdynia, Poland - Open'er Festival
07-05 Normandy, France - Beauregard Festival
07-17 Suffolk, England - Latitude Festival
07-18 Ferropolis, Germany - Melt! Festival
07-28 New York, NY - Webster Hall
08-06 Los Angeles, CA - The Mayan
08-22 Hamburg, Germany - Dockville
08-23 Biddinghuizen, Netherlands - Lowlands
08-28 Reading, England - Reading Festival
08-29 Leeds, England - Leeds Festival
09-04 Larmer Tree Gardens, England - End of the Road Festival
09-06 Laois, Ireland - Electric Picnic
Xiaomi Became the Sponsor of the Bleeding Steel Movie
Xiaomi needs no Introduction in China it's one of the reputed company and the biggest investor in China. Jackie Chain is another familiar name not only in China but all over the world. Jackie Chan is aiming big with “Bleeding Steel” movie premiering on 22 of December
Xiaomi Pictures has invested in the creation of the film “Bleeding Steel”, where the producer and a chief actor is Jackie Chan. Xiaomi did not disclose the amount invested in the movie but made Jackie chain post a thankful message to all the fans and co-workers
“I am honored to have completed this movie with everyone, thank you all. Thank you also for those who work hard for quality. ”
Lei Jun also shared this video on his Weibo profile. You can see the full version of the video below.
Links: AO3, LJ. Primarily NSFW and 18+.
(And also here on dA.) :thumb185097715:The good guys dress in black, remember that.And done with a mouse, as always. I started it on 03.23.2011 and finished it on 04.03.2011, and it took 33.5 total hours of drawing time to complete.I've been talking about drawing this idea literally since I drew this--:thumb165441180:--almost exactly a year ago, though the idea was minus Fenris, of course. I even made this avatar of Alleyana my profile picture on BSN for a while because the idea amused me so. XDThe main thing that put me off from actually drawing it, however, was putting two of my OCs in a picture with one canon character. Once I met Fenris, I knew I had a forth 'Agent' I could draw.Plus, he looks damn sharp in a black suit.Fenris from Dragon Age 2Tannusen Surana from my adult romance series, "Silver and Scarlet". (Alleyana Tabris from my other main Dragon Age story, "Immovable Object". (Zevran Arainai from Dragon Age OriginsReferences: here here , and here (005 specifically).:thumb201984892: :thumb201770106: :thumb201261886:There's more in my folders.
Two chicken farmers who once provided poultry to McDonald's plead guilty to one count of animal cruelty, according to the animal rights organization that first exposed the abuses in an undercover video.
Thomas and Susan Blassingame, owner of the T & S Farm in Tennessee, were each sentenced to pay a fine of just $25 and court costs. According to USA Today, they will also be placed on a year's probation.
The Blassingames were contracted by Tyson Foods(TSN) to supply chickens to McDonald's (MCD) for the fast food giant's Chicken McNuggets. That contract was severed after the non-profit Mercy for Animals went undercover at the farm and used a hidden camera to film the couple beating sickly chickens with spiked clubs.
The graphic video was denounced by both Tyson Foods – the second-largest food production company in the Fortune 500 – and McDonald's. “We're committed to animal well-being but don't believe this video accurately depicts the treatment of chickens by the thousands of farmers who supply us,” Tyson Foods spokesman Worth Sparkman said at that time. Tyson supplies around 40 million chickens worldwide every week.
Mercy for Animals believes the fines levied were probably not extreme enough to deter future actions and called on both corporations to rewrite their animal welfare policies. “Instead of allowing animal abuse to continue unchecked at its chicken suppliers, McDonald's must act immediately by implementing meaningful animal welfare policies to ensure that no more chickens are illegally tortured for its Chicken McNuggets,” said MfA president and founder Nathan Runkle in a statement.
McDonald's has recently made moves to improve the way they've handled their food production, announcing in September that they would only serve eggs laid by cage-free chickens within the next 10 years.
Update: McDonald's has provided Fortune with a statement regarding the ruling.
Version: 0.5/1.3.5/2.1.8
Description:
It always has been a missing feature: disabling the sleep mode on a Apple Laptop. Who does not want to use it as a big juke-box or go warwalking. The best looking server ever, especially at about one inch height. This small utility is what you will want, this small utility acts as a wrapper to the Insomnia kernel extension.
Download:
Note: InsomniaX is PASSIVE!
This means that unless another program has interfered with the operations of InsomniaX, once you reboot your system it will be completely removed from the system until you start InsomniaX and activate its features.
If after a reboot or during boot you exhibit issues, these are not related to InsomniaX. (The only exception is if you have InsomniaX in your startup items for your login)
Uninstalling/Repairing InsomniaX
The most common ticket in the help desk regarding issues with InsomniaX or requesting instructions on how to remove InsomniaX, below is a simple step list of what is required to completely wipe out InsomniaX. If any problems exist after removing InsomniaX it should not be related to Insomnia as it works as a passive changing, in other words once its unloaded all changes are moved (Especially after a reboot any trace should be gone)
Animal faith is the study of animal behaviours that suggest proto-religious faith. There is no evidence that any non-human animals believe in God or gods, pray, worship, have any notion of metaphysics, create artifacts with ritual significance, or many other behaviours typical of human religion.[inconsistent] Whether animals can have religious faith is dependent on a sufficiently open definition of religion. Thus, if by religion one means a "non-anthropocentric, non-anthropomorphic, non-theistic, and non-logocentric trans-species prototype definition of religion",[1][2] ritual behaviour can be interpreted in the actions of chimpanzees, elephants, dolphins and other animals.
The study of proto-religions in modern animals is relevant to the study of the development of religion in modern humans and their recent ancestors.
Ritual behaviour in apes [ edit ]
Theologian and biologist Oliver Putz notes that, since chimpanzees are capable of moral agency, it is possible for Christians to understand them as sharing in the Image of God.[3] Furthermore, Nancy R. Howell suggests that "chimpanzees and bonobos may have the precursors for culture and spirituality, such as connectedness, interdependence and sociality' and a level of 'symbolic capacity'".[4] Primatologist Jane Goodall goes further, noting that some chimpanzees may "dance" at the onset of heavy rain or when they come across a waterfall. She speculates that "their 'elemental'" displays are precursors of religious ritual."[5] However, theologian Christopher L. Fisher believes that Goodall anthropomorphizes chimpanzees. While Fisher admits that chimpanzees are capable of "intense emotion", he maintains that they cannot experience spirituality, because "there is no meaning without language."[6]
Ritual behaviour in other animals [ edit ]
Ronald K. Siegel has studied the precursors of religious faith in African elephants and concludes that "elephants are aware of natural cycles, as they practice "moon worship," waving branches at the waxing moon and engaging in ritual bathing when the moon is full."[7] Observations by Pliny the elder also note supposed elephant reverence for the celestial bodies.[8]
Funeral rites in animals [ edit ]
While grief is common to many animals, funeral rituals are not. However, they are well documented in African elephants.[9]
Ronald K. Siegel writes that: "...one cannot ignore the elaborate burying behaviour of elephants as a similar sign of ritualistic or even religious behaviour in that species. When encountering dead animals, elephants will often bury them with mud, earth and leaves. Animals known to have been buried by elephants include rhinos, buffalos, cows, calves, and even humans, in addition to elephants themselves. Elephants have [been] observed burying their dead with large quantities of food fruit, flowers and colourful foliage."[10]
Both wild and captive chimpanzees engage in ritualized behaviors at the death of a group member. These behaviors begin with group or individual silence, which may last for hours and followed by behaviors such as distinctive vocalizations; grooming the corpse; solemn visitation and gazing at the corpse by group members; displays; and lamentation-like whimpers or hoo-calls of distress.[11]
Attention to the dead is not unique to elephants or chimpanzees. Dolphins have been known to stay with recently deceased members of their pod for several days, preventing divers from getting close.[12] However, the reasons for this remain obscure. While scientists can observe their actions, the thought processes that motivate them are beyond current study.[13]
Relevance to the study of early modern humans [ edit ]
The ritual lives of animals are of interest to paleoanthropologists, as they provide a convenient insight into how religious belief systems may have developed in our ancestors. "The skeletal remains of Cro-Magnon man are found buried in the foetal position in line with the primitive myth that such a position facilitates rebirth. The study of allied behaviours in non-human animals provides an opportunity to understand their nature and function in man."[14] Indeed, some have seen superficial similarities between the funeral rituals of African elephants and the burial rituals of Neanderthals.[15]
Evolutionary psychologist Matt Rossano has theorised that religion evolved in three stages: In the pre-Upper Palaeolithic, religion was characterised by ecstatic rituals used to facilitate social bonding. Later, shamanic healing rituals developed in the Upper Palaeolithic. Finally, religious expressions developed over time to include cave art, ritual artefacts, ancestor worship and the development of myth and moral structures.[16] If this is true then the behaviour of chimpanzees witnessed by Goodall may be interpreted as similar to pre-Upper Palaeolithic Human religion. However, De Waal notes that bonobos show no evidence of ritual behaviour yet are extremely peaceful and demonstrate moral agency. This casts doubt on the co-development of morality and proto-religion.[17]
See also [ edit ]
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Titanic Belfast is giving anyone called Jack or Rose free entry during its Movie Month.
From November 19 to December 19, anyone named after the two lead characters in the hit movie Titanic, or variants of the names, will get free entry as the attraction marks 20 years since the blockbuster's release.
This includes variants of the names ranging from French Jacques to Polish Rozycka and a full list of variants is available on its website.
Visitors should bring ID (birth certificate, passport or driving license) to gain their complimentary admission at the Box Office to the Titanic Experience.
The celebrations do not stop there, as Titanic Belfast has a blockbuster line-up of events to mark the occasion.
Kicking off its programme of events is a red-carpet movie-themed Titanic Afternoon Tea and Movie Experience on Sunday, November 19, and Tuesday, December 19.
They are also organising the Titanic Drive-In Movie Experience on November 29, where fans have the chance to win golden tickets to watch the 11 time Oscar winning tragic romance under the stars as it's screened at the exact spot where the original ship was designed, built, and launched.
And for one month only, from November 19 to December 19, guests to Titanic Belfast can star in their own Titanic Experience by following the Movie Magic trail, enjoying themed hospitality and re-creating their own 'meet me at the clock' photo opportunities on the green screen.
For a full programme of events, and for full Terms and Conditions visit www.titanicbelfast.com
“Anyone can tell you that it's going to be a close game,” write Bill Barnwell and Aaron Schatz, two of the smartest football analysts on the planet, in their Super Bowl preview at Football Outsiders.
The Green Bay Packers and Pittsburgh Steelers, indeed, are hard to distinguish statistically. The Steelers, counting the playoffs, have scored 24 points per game and allowed 15. The Packers' numbers — 25 points scored per game, and 16 against — are nearly identical.
Bettors see two closely matched teams as well. Vegas lines have Green Bay favored, but only by a small margin — 2½ or 3 points, depending on the sports book. (Mr. Barnwell and Mr. Schatz also conclude that the Packers are slight favorites.)
Such close point spreads are fairly rare in the Super Bowl. Only 9 times in the 44 years of the game has the final point spread been within a field goal or less.
What's interesting about those games is that while the point spread was close, the games themselves usually weren't. The last one to feature such a tight point spread was Super Bowl XXXV in 2001, when the Baltimore Ravens, favored by just a field goal, instead blew out the Giants 34-7.
Prior to that was 1988, when the Washington Redskins — listed as narrow, 3-point underdogs — clobbered the Denver Broncos 42-10 in Super Bowl XXII. And before that was 1984, when the Los Angeles Raiders — also 3-point underdogs — steamrolled the Redskins 38-9.
Other games that looked as though they would be close, like Super Bowl XVI and Super Bowl V, in fact turned out to be. But on average, the final margin separating the teams in these games was 16 points.
Perhaps this is some sort of karmic retribution for the major upsets that the Super Bowl has seen over the years, like the Giants winning as 12-point underdogs over the Patriots in 2008. If Super Bowls that were supposed to be blowouts instead turned into close, epic games, it's only fair that things turned ugly in a few games that looked like good matchups on paper.
In fact, the point spread — whether in the Super Bowl or in other games — is a much poorer predictor of the final score than most people realize. The chart below compares the closing point spread to the final score in all N.F.L. games played between 2002 and 2006.
The point spread was a relatively unbiased predictor of the final score: that is, teams favored by 5 points in fact won by about 5 points on average. The variance, however, was extremely high: on average, the point spread missed the final score by 10.4 points. The error was just as bad in games that were expected to be competitive as in those that looked like mismatches.
As a result, of the 487 games in the database in which the closing point spread was within a field goal, the game was decided by less than a touchdown (6 points or fewer) only 41 percent of the time. Games where one team won by double digits were somewhat more common, in fact, occurring 45 percent of the time.
This is not to suggest that there is no correlation at all between the closeness of the point spread and the closeness of the game. Of the games where one team was favored by 10 points or more, just 28 percent were decided by less than a touchdown. Still, the relationship is quite weak.
Here, then, is a bet that you might be able to sucker one of your friends into, especially after a couple of pregame beers. Offer to bet him that the game won't be especially close: one team will win by at least 7 points. He may think the bet is too good to be true, but you have a 60 percent chance of winning.
The FIL 2014 World Lacrosse Championships in Denver are coming up, and International Lacrosse teams around the world are preparing to make the trip to Colorado for two weeks (or more in some cases) in July, and that means a lot of training camps, scrimmages, and quite a bit of fundraising!
For more on Denver 2014, check out our dedicated section, brought to you by Brine Lacrosse! Make sure you read Update #1, Update #2, Update #3, Update #4, Update #5 and Update #6! ALL of these posts are filled with lots of interesting info!
Lacrosse Is Headed To The 2017 World Games!
The announcement hasn't been made in English yet, but we've seen the announcement in Polish, so we're confident it's true! Here is a basic translation of the announcement and the important notes on this landmark move for lacrosse:
Nearly 40 disciplines found in the official program for the 10th World Sports Games, aka The World Games , which in 2017 will be held in Wroclaw, Poland. The sports list was announced at a meeting of Sport Accord Convention, which took place in the Turkish town of Belek. Among the selected disciplines include, among others: archery , billiards and snooker , bowling, ultimate frisbee, lacrosse, sumo, powerlifting, sports dance, sport climbing, and karate. But that is not all of the sports that will be seen during the Games. There is still progress for the development of the list according to sports invitation that determines host city after consultation with the global federation. It will be announced by the Organizing Committee of Wroclaw after returning from Turkey. Wroclaw delegation in Turkey
The Wroclaw delegation, which takes part in the conference Sport Accord Convention, includes, among others Deputy Mayor Wojciech Adamski, Chairman of the Organising Committee of Wroclaw Piotr Przygoński and COO of Hanna Domagala. They presented the members of the International World Games Associacion ( IWGA ) the current state of the city's preparations for the Olympics and summarized current activities and presented plans for the promotion of the event. New chairman IWGA
New chairman IWGA was Jose Lopez Perurena of the International Federation of Canoe / International Canoe Federation . He replaced Ron Froehlich , who went to the sporting retirement , while taking the title of honorary chairman IWGA . Jose Lopez Perurena is a participant in the Olympic Games in Mexico , which he worked the National Olympic Committee of Spain and organized competitions water during the Olympic Games in Barcelona. List of sports in the official TWG2017 : Flying
archery, billiards, and snooker
petanque, bowling
canoe polo
sports dance
Fistball
netball / floorball
ultimate Frisbee
sports gymnastics
Beach handball
ju- jitsu, karate
powerlifting
squash / raquetball
skating sports
sport climbing
sumo
Water rescue
tug of war
finning
wakeboard and waterski ( water skiing )
lacrosse
orienteering
korfball
muaythai
Latvia Lacrosse – Awesome Video
Bangkok Lacrosse League Taking Shape
It's great to see a real lacrosse league popping up in Bangkok. The format and location is still being discussed, but a weekly league gives homegrown players a great opportunity to improve. It also makes the sport more visible in the country. A number of nations have started leagues and we applaud them all for their efforts! This league will also provide a place for Chula University players to learn the game, and will hopefully lead to more universities picking up the sport.
Poland
There is some good stuff going down in Poland with lots of national team members and hopefuls practicing and preparing. There are some more excellent photos here.
Uganda
The Uganda Cranes continue to get the word out about lacrosse in Uganda. This time, two dedicated members of the team hit up “Sports Bar” on NTV to talk sport, and specifically, lacrosse! Hats off to the Cranes for truly trying to educate an entire nation (and continent) on the game we all love!
Australia
Training camp can be brutal, especially when it's 100 degrees outside. The Aussies don't care though, they're used to it. Give them a good ice bath and they're more than happy! Check out how the Aussies dealt with the heat from training camp here on their 2014 Facebook page.
Sweet Ireland Lacrosse Jacket Sighting
Alex Avila is on a quest to put up some of the best numbers of his career.
On August 7th, 2009, a fan favorite was born when Alex Avila hit his first home run in just his second game of his career. It only took one season in the minors for Avila to make it to the big leagues, but he produced right from the start.
In that first season with the Detroit Tigers, Avila hit .279 with five home runs in just 29 games. While he struggled in 2010 to play like he did towards the end of that first season, it was 2011 and 2012 that really proved he belonged in Major League Baseball.
When it comes to FanGraphâ€™s version of wins above replacement (fWAR), Avila's best two seasons in baseball were 2011 and 2012. He produced fWARs of 4.6 and 2.4, respectively, and looked like a solid MLB catcher for a team that consistently competed in the AL Central.
In 2013, his fWAR continued to decline though, dropping to 0.6. This decline caused Detroit faithful to jump ship and plead for the Tigers to make a move for a different catcher. While his defense has been one of the best - if not the best - when it comes to American League (AL) catchers, just like AL MVP voters, Tigers fans don't care about defense.
Avila has continued to struggle to get hits in 2014, but there's reason to believe this will improve, mostly because of one number that isn't sustainable: Avila's 35.1% strikeout rate. He's currently tied for last among players with at least 150 plate appearances with a 35.1% strikeout rate, making him worse than the infamous Mark Reynolds by 2%. To give you context into how bad 35.1% is, Reynolds has only struck out at a worse rate one time in eight seasons in the league.
This isn't the norm for Avila. His career average is 25.5%, and his worst before this season was 29.6% in 2013. Thereâ€™s no reason to think that, as he becomes older and in his prime due to being in his high 20s, that he would just consistently swing and miss more often for a full season.
His 2014 plate discipline numbers are big time outliers when looking at his six-year career. Never has he been below 45% when it comes to putting balls in play outside of the strike zone, but this season he's at 37.1%. Never has he been below 82% when it comes to putting balls in play inside the strike zone, and heâ€™s at 78.9% this season.
This inability to put the ball in play is surprising due to his above average eye at the plate. In 2014, his 15.2% walk rate is 11th in the MLB for players with 150 at-bats. While this is a career high number for him, he has averaged a 12.9% walk rate in his career, so he's not that far from his norm.
Besides the fact that Avila should put the ball in play more, he is already getting a little unlucky with BABIP. According to Jim Sannes' expected BABIP formula, which you can read about when he discussed five hitters who will improve and five hitters who will regress, Avila is bound for improvement in the BABIP department.
With a line-drive percentage (LD%) of 27.8%, Avila is looking at an increase in BABIP of almost 20 points to .338. An increase in batting average is clear and numberFire's projection system agrees with me. Avila's current average sits at .206, and numberFire projects him to hit .242 for the rest of the season. The numbers also predict increases in on-base percentage (.351) and weighted on-base average (.332) as well.
This offensive increase in these remaining months certainly will help him surpass that 2012 fWAR, but itâ€™s his defense that has kept him in the positives so far in 2014.
Alex Avila currently sits atop the list of catchers when it comes to defensive stats, and with good reason. He has bounced back from a miserable 2013 season where he threw out only 17% of runners by throwing out 43% of runners so far this season. Heâ€™s on pace for just three passed balls and 18 wild pitches, both of which would be career lows even though he's on pace for the second most games played in a season.
The regular battery mate of stud pitchers like Anibal Sanchez and Max Scherzer has made a name for himself defensively this season. When you combine an eventual increase in offensive production with that, Avila is bound for the second-best season of his career in 2014.
What happens when your whole act is a one-trick pony and the audience votes to take it out back to the knacker's yard?
Well, you end up with the sort of economic numbers Canada's posted the past few months — dire and his closest cousin the direst being the words of choice to describe this country's recent economic pathway.
Of course, it's summer in the cities, so the quickening spiral we're starting to experience hasn't yet been felt by the masses, more concerned with the cabin, the beach or the campground.
But it'll be fall soon enough, and then perhaps, more than a few may start to wonder why, with a low dollar, cheap energy and a lengthy economic expansion still going on in the neighbouring United States, every economic indicator is blinking red.
Manufacturing output keeps dropping, while Canada's GDP has been negative three of the past five months — the latest fall the worst in seven years.
Our trade gap is the worst in history. Unemployment is rising — not just in Alberta, where things get worse by the day — but also in Ontario. The only place doing well is B.C., but turn off the China hot money spigot with the resulting ludicrous real estate goings on in Vancouver, and suddenly, Premier Christy Clark won't look quite so pleased with herself.
It wasn't supposed to be that way. The so-called manufacturing heartland would boom, predicted the tall foreheads, once the lofty loonie finally deflated alongside energy prices.
It hasn't happened. The only hope, if you can call it that, is for governments of all stripes to dole out ever more borrowed money to keep our noses just above the waterline. How many decades of our future prosperity will we willingly flush down that plughole before the game's up?
So why are we in such a hole when, by rights, the Bank of Canada should be talking about raising interest rates these days instead of worrying just how low they can actually take them?
Well, maybe all those wise folk who couldn't wait to throttle this country's energy industry — the overarching No. 1 economic blockbuster Canada actually possesses — in a desire to turn a saintly green colour in the process might give these latest numbers more than a passing thought.
Then again, if you're busily suckling on the government's sweet nipple, then the reality of what's happening out there in the real world probably hasn't darkened the horizon. There's still time for one more stirring pipeline protest before the sullen storm clouds gather. But gather they will.
Thankfully, governments still get elected in this country and, as those various votes get closer, the views and concerns of ordinary Canadians suddenly become relevant.
Close to home, look no further than Calgary city council, whose reckless spending has suddenly morphed into a steadfast desire to not raise rates as an election looms into view, their collective eyes and ears no longer closed.
But cities are small spending potatoes — mainly because they aren't allowed to borrow with the same fiscal fury as the blockbuster pairing of the provinces and the feds in Ottawa. But time will come for those bigger spuds to face reality as well, once fervent borrowing — calling it stimulus spending is the cute way of pretending it is something wiser and nobler — runs up against economic reality.
Layoffs, cutbacks, tax hikes, benefits curtailed, plum pension plans trimmed — these are the eventual outcome for a country that can't compete internationally in so many areas because of its sheer size, small population and understandable unwillingness to suddenly work harder for less money.
But don't fear. When the hoof beats of those economic apocalyptic horsemen are heard in the halls where the public servants, grant-getters and academic hangers-on lounge and linger, then suddenly all will be singing from the same song sheet — a LED Zeppelin-inspired Pipelines to Heaven, perhaps.
Chris Nelson is a Calgary writer.
Dr. James Barry spent almost his entire medical career serving in the British Army, yet his records and work were kept hidden from the public. Hulton Archive/Getty Images
In 1826 in a southern suburb of Cape Town, South Africa, a frail-looking doctor with red hair prepped his instruments for a highly dangerous procedure—a cesarean operation. Once Dr. James Barry, a Royal British Army surgeon who was no taller than five feet, had assessed the severity of the patient's contractions, he saw there was no other choice. The newborn needed to be removed surgically.
Barry had read of only three cases where both the mother and the child survived. None of them were performed in the British Empire. But Barry had a unique perspective to most doctors of the time.
“Aside from his expertise in midwifery, he had a secret advantage,” write Michael du Preez and Jeremy Dronfield, experts who have written extensively about Barry's life. “There was not another practicing physician or surgeon in the world [in the 19th century] who knew from personal experience what it was like to bear a child.”
Barry became the first doctor in the British Empire to perform a successful cesarean operation. It was one of many major medical contributions the Irish surgeon accomplished for the British military, from enforcing stricter standards for hygiene, improving the diet of sick patients, to popularizing a plant-based treatment for syphilis and gonorrhea. Barry served around the globe, eventually earning the title of Inspector General, the second most senior medical position in the British Army.
But despite these achievements, Barry's reputation was kept a secret for nearly a hundred years. The military locked away the doctor's records after finding out Britain's Inspector General was born a woman.
A well-known miniature portrait of Barry painted between 1813 and 1816, right before his first posting abroad. Barry gifted it to the patient he performed the cesarean operation on. Public Domain
Around the age of 20, Margaret Ann Bulkley became James Barry: a hot-tempered ladies' man donning three-inch heeled shoes, a plumed hat, and sword. In 1809, Barry decided to embody a smooth-faced young man in order to attend the men's-only University of Edinburgh and practice medicine—an identity that would last for 56 years. It wasn't until after Barry's death in 1865, that the doctor's choice was finally discovered.
“Dr. Barry is remembered for this sensational fact rather than for the real contributions that [they] made to improve the health and the lot of the British soldier as well as civilians,” du Preez writes in The Journal of the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh.
Margaret Ann Bulkley grew up in Cork, Ireland, pictured here in the late 1800s. Library of Congress
Born in 1789 in Merchant's Quay, Cork, Ireland to a grocer father, Margaret Ann Bulkley was a sociable and outgoing child. While still a youth, Bulkley once wrote of a desire for “a sword and a pair of colours [military uniform].”
Bulkley had an older brother, John, whose “fecklessness and selfishness brought the family in debt,” writes du Preez in the South African Medical Journal. John received most of the family's money to fund his education and an apprenticeship at an attorney's office in Dublin. In 1803, he became infatuated with an upper-class woman and spent £1,500 of the family's savings on the marriage settlement. The Bulkley family spiraled into bankruptcy, and Margaret's father was sent to prison when Margaret was 14, leaving the family without a source of income.
A self-portrait of the artist James Barry, Bulkley's uncle. Public Domain
Margaret's mother sought the help of her older brother in London, the famed Irish artist James Barry. The artist had a difficult personality, however, and was not welcoming to his sister's family when they arrived in London. Yet Barry introduced Margaret to his elite circle of friends, some of whom offered teaching and mentorship. Margaret did not have the social standing to marry well, but the family hoped Margaret could study to become a teacher or governess.
While mentoring his new charge, the Venezuelan general and revolutionary Francisco Miranda became impressed by Bulkley's intelligence. He was the first friend of Barry's to encourage Bulkley to take on the persona of a man to enter the male-dominated field of medicine. After Margaret graduated from medical school, he reasoned, Bulkley could shed this disguise and practice freely as a woman doctor in Venezuela. Miranda proposed Margaret could make use of medical skills in his revolutionary efforts in Caracas, Venezuela.
General Francisco Miranda was one of the main people who influenced Margaret to become a doctor. Public Domain
“In the early 19th century, only men were admitted to the medical schools in Britain, and discovery of the sex of the young medical student would have ruined any chance of success,” writes du Preez.
In 1806, Margaret's uncle James Barry passed away and left his fortune to the family. In turn, Bulkley assumed Barry's name and used the money to finance three years of medical studies at the University of Edinburgh beginning in December 1809.
A portion of a letter written and signed by Margaret Ann Bulkley in 1804. Public Domain
The new James Barry was a diligent student. Barry pursued a diverse load of coursework, ranging from anatomy and surgery, botany, and midwifery. The number of subjects Barry studied was only exceeded by one Army medical officer and matched by one other student in a cohort of over 45 doctors, wrote du Preez.
In 1812, Barry was nearly exposed on the cusp of graduating. Edinburgh authorities tried to bar Barry from taking the four-stage final exams, claiming that the student looked underage but likely suspecting more. Yet at the time it was not unusual to see 16-year-olds at medical schools, and the ban was not enforced. After completing a thesis on the femoral hernia (primarily a female condition), Barry graduated from medical school in Britain.
The title page of Barry's thesis on the femoral hernia. Public Domain
Barry's post-graduation plans with Miranda would never come to fruition. In the summer of 1812, Miranda's revolution was thwarted and he was imprisoned by the Spanish. But instead of coming out as a woman in Britain instead of Venezuela, Bulkley opted to continue to live as Dr. Barry.
Barry joined the British Army's medical unit in 1813. It's unknown how the young doctor passed the mandatory physical exams, but scholars believe Lord Buchan, a nobleman who had been a friend and supporter of Barry's late uncle, likely played a role. In 1815, Barry was appointed as colonial medical inspector in Cape Colony, South Africa, and was granted authority over all medical, surgical, and public health matters in the colony.
James Barry's Inspector General's full dress cocked hat. Wellcome Library/CC BY 4.0
People noted Barry's unusual lifestyle. The medical inspector was a vegetarian, kept a goat nearby to drink its milk, carried a small dog named Psyche, and was almost always seen with a trusted servant, Danzer, who would stay by Barry's side for 50 years. Each morning, Danzer laid out six small towels for Barry to wrap and conceal his curves and broaden his shoulders. The doctor wore high-heeled boots, and “the longest sword and spurs he could obtain,” surgeon Edward Bradford wrote when he met Barry in Jamaica in 1834.
Barry's flirtations with women also threw off suspicion. Many women fell for Barry's sweet, beardless face—a latter-day Orpheus, according to du Preez and Dronfield. Women stated how Barry was a “perfect dancer who won his way to many a heart,” while comrades often saw the doctor attached “to the finest and best-looking woman in the room.”
Barry, who cursed constantly and had a fastidious temperament, often butted heads with other doctors when their treatments conflicted, and even fought a couple of duels with rival officers. The hot-headed doctor even got into a tussle with the medical reformer and nurse Florence Nightingale, who wrote, “he behaved like a brute” and was “the most hardened creature I ever met throughout the army.”
Florence Nightingale thought Dr. James Barry was a brute. Public Domain
Despite having a bad temper, Barry had a comforting bedside manner. During the cesarean delivery in Cape Town, Barry stayed next to the mother's side for the rest of the day. The couple, Wilhelmina and Thomas Munnik, named the child James Barry Munnik and Barry the godfather. In gratitude, Barry offered what is now one of the most famous portraits of him—a small painting of the doctor in a red uniform coat.
Barry was reserved with most people, but had a close relationship with Lord Charles Somerset, Cape Town's governor. Lord Charles favored Barry, providing the doctor with private chambers. When Lord Charles was on his deathbed, Barry clashed with the prestigious physician caring for him. People spread rumors that the governor and doctor were in an intimate relationship, but the scandal was never proven. Scholars believe that Lord Charles likely knew Barry's true identity, and some claim he may have loved the doctor.
Barry wrote in a diary that Lord Charles was, “my more than father, my almost only friend.”
Lord Charles Somerset was rumored to be in a sexual relationship with Barry, sparking scandal. Public Domain
In 1857, Barry fell ill while stationed in Canada and was taken back to London. The doctor and surgeon died at age 76 on July 25, 1865, most likely of dysentery or cholera. Barry's medical career had lasted 46 years, with the celebrated doctor assisting the wounded in the Peninsular War, at a military hospital at Plymouth, and treating French prisoners from Waterloo, in addition to stints in South Africa and Canada, writes du Preez in the Bulletin of the Royal College of Surgeons of England.
It was Barry's final wish to remain in his original clothing and buried immediately, explains Earl Nation in the Journal Urology. However, Barry's servant Sophia Bishop examined her boss's body and discovered the doctor was “a perfect female,” with stretch marks indicating the birth of a child.
According to du Preez and Dronfield, Barry had a daughter back in Ireland, Juliana Bulkley, who never knew that her mother was an accomplished Army doctor practicing medicine around the world. It remains unclear who the girl's father was, but scholars suspect it could have been one of Bulkley's relatives.
Military officials soon found out of Barry's gender identity. Ashamed of the revelation, top officials in the Army tried to cover it up, imposing a 100-year embargo on all documentation concerning the “fraudulent” Inspector General.
Barry's headstone in Kensal Green Cemetery (depicted above) says nothing of Margaret Ann Bulkley. Alexander Baxevanis/CC BY 2.0
Barry had already been given a military funeral at Kensal Green Cemetery in London, but after the revelations only a plain sandstone marker was placed atop the grave. The death certificate was male, and there was no obituary in the papers for the well-known doctor.
The tale was not unknown to the contemporary public; over the next few years, there were news stories, novels, and a play that sensationalized Barry's life and legacy. But slowly, the military's efforts to obscure the doctor's career sunk in, and Margaret Ann Bulkley and Dr. James Barry's existence disappeared.
The doctor's story was finally unearthed in 1958 by scholar Isobel Rae, who discovered the “Barry Papers” in the British War Office and Public Records Archives. She wrote the first researched biography of Barry and Bulkley, which was followed by articles, books, and a film. On December 13, it was announced that the actress Rachel Weisz will play Bulkley and Dr. Barry in a future biopic.
Margaret Ann Bulkley worked to advance the field of medicine half a century before Elizabeth Garrett became the first known female to qualify as a doctor in Britain, in 1865—the same year Barry died.
While Dr. James Barry was “pernickety, bad-tempered, frail, fastidious,” one acquaintance recalled, “this small, curious person raised the standards of medicine and touched the public conscience about the condition of the most degraded members of society.”
CCTV footage of a jewellery store heist in Cape Town shows nine men using sledgehammers to steal an undisclosed amount of jewellery. Watch. WATCH
Cape Town - Three people were stabbed in an "unprovoked attack" at a Pick n Pay supermarket in Bellville, Cape Town, after a man entered the store with a pair of scissors.
The assailant, 45, walked into the store at 14:00 on Monday afternoon and proceeded to attack a merchandiser, a bakery assistant and a customer, The Cape Times reported.
No reasons have yet been given for the attack, with Pick n Pay spokesperson Tamra Veley describing the incident as "unprovoked".
The three injured people were taken to hospital for treatment, Veley added.
Mishka Jakoet, a 22-year-old medical student at the University of Stellenbosch, was shopping with a friend when the incident occurred, Netwerk24 reported.
She said customers immediately ran for the door after the first victim, a woman, was seen gushing blood from the neck and chest.
The man was eventually arrested by a security guard. Police spokesperson FC van Wyk confirmed a charge of attempted murder had been laid.
The incident comes on the back of a mall robbery a day earlier at Blue Route Mall in Tokai, Cape Town, with the perpetrators in that incident being caught on video.
WASHINGTON—Forcing the grisly and rarely acknowledged practices into the public eye, a group of activists posted several disturbing videos online this week that expose how most meat products are eaten, sources confirmed.
Secretly filmed on cell phones by individuals who reportedly witnessed the carnage firsthand, the exceedingly graphic footage depicts the gruesome ways in which beef, pork, and poultry are consumed all across the United States, detailing the gory process by which millions of these products are crammed into people's jaws, rapidly torn to pieces, and ground into a pulpy, uniform slurry in a matter of seconds.
Advertisement
“The content of these videos is truly appalling,” said advocate Kelly Midthun, who personally recorded unnerving instances of chicken tenders, steak tips, and other meat items being clamped between two rows of teeth and messily shredded one after the other with revolting rapidity. “Just look at the horrifying images captured on film: Sausage links are severed in half; a medium rare ribeye is quickly reduced to a red, bloody puddle of juices; buffalo wings are rent apart, with their remnant bones and sinews collected in a grotesque pile. It's enough to make you sick.”
ABOVE: Watch the disturbing video [warning: graphic content]
“The sounds alone are stomach-turning,” Midthun continued. “All that gnashing, tearing, and labored breathing will haunt my thoughts for a long time.”
Advertisement
According to viewers, the grainy, furtively obtained videos present a stark picture of the horrors of mass meat consumption in the U.S., with many voicing their revulsion at images of spare ribs having their muscle tissue noisily yanked from the bone, cold cuts being ingested whole, and one particularly chilling episode in which a pulled pork sandwich is jarringly pulverized by slashing incisors as a combination of grease, saliva, and tangy St. Louis–style barbecue sauce oozes out and collects in sizable pools on a chin and shirtfront.
The videos, which were filmed in unsanitary, poorly lit locations such as living rooms, fast food restaurant dining areas, and parked cars, have reportedly repulsed viewers with horrific sequences in which animal skin, fat, and gristle is sent flying as meat is sliced with razor-sharp blades or even pried apart by bare hands. Given the extremely graphic nature of the footage, many viewers said the videos left them feeling deeply troubled and physically nauseated.
“That video is so awful—I haven't been able to make it through the whole thing,” said Miami resident Kara Gellar, 27, who emphasized that she can't imagine eating meat again after watching a mound of pastrami get caught in an overstuffed mouth and subsequently flushed out with a flood of Sprite Zero. “Once it got to the hot dog part, I just had to turn it off. The people who allow this…this horror to happen ought to be deeply ashamed of themselves.”
Advertisement
“Needless to say, I don't think I'll ever be able to look at a bacon double cheeseburger the same way again,” she added.
While the video has raised controversy for its explicit content, many have also found themselves concerned for the psychological well-being of food service employees seen in these shocking videos who facilitate the consumption of meat products, all of whom are reportedly forced to witness such traumatic scenes on a daily basis. Specifically, many advocates have expressed worry that such steak house, delicatessen, and buffet laborers will become increasingly desensitized to the constant mutilation of animal products occurring right before their eyes.
However, despite the visceral impact of the grisly videos, a number of observers claimed they weren't particularly taken aback by the images, with most claiming that such ingestion practices, though they may outwardly appear barbaric or morbid, were ultimately unavoidable.
Advertisement
“I don't understand why everyone's getting so worked up about this video; how did these people think this stuff was eaten?” Seattle resident Peter Callahan told reporters, calling the meat consumption process a brutal but necessary step in the food chain. “Honestly, it doesn't really bother me. Sure, it's not pretty, but we as a species have been eating meat that way for thousands of years.”
“And I'm not going to stop eating footlong meatball subs just because someone doesn't like the way it looks,” he added.
When the Nazis came to power, policy towards the Freemasons was equivocal. Efforts to eliminate Freemasons did not receive top priority. Those lodges that espoused tolerance and equality and had international connections or connections through their leaders to the Social Democrats or liberal democrats were subject to persecution and often pressured into “voluntary” dissolution. A few conservative German lodges that were willing to accommodate themselves to the regime were able to continue some form of existence for only a little longer. Nevertheless, the regime intended to exclude those who refused to give up their Masonic connections.
In early 1934, the chief of the Nazi Party Court System ruled that Masons who did not leave their lodges prior to January 30, 1933, could not join the Nazi Party. That same month, Prussian Minister of the Interior Hermann Goering issued a decree calling upon the lodges to “voluntarily” dissolve, but requiring such voluntary actions to be submitted to him for approval. In addition, lodges and their branches in various cities throughout Germany were exposed to arbitrary violence from local SS and SA units, though this terror does not appear to have been centrally directed.
Increasing pressure in the public and professional sectors forced individuals to choose between remaining in their lodges or limiting their career opportunities. Many former lodge members holding positions in the civil service were forced or harassed into retirement. In May 1934, the Ministry of Defense banned membership in lodges to all personnel—soldiers and civilian employees. During the summer of 1934, after Heinrich Himmler and Reinhard Heydrich completed their takeover and centralization of the Gestapo, the German police forcibly closed down many Masonic lodges and branch headquarters of the Masons and confiscated their assets, including their libraries and archives.
On October 28, 1934, Reich Minister of the Interior Wilhelm Frick issued a decree defining the lodges as “hostile to the state” and hence subject to having their assets confiscated. Finally, on August 17, 1935, citing the authority of the Reichstag Fire Decree, Frick ordered all remaining lodges and branches dissolved and their assets confiscated.
Nazi propaganda continued to link Jews and Freemasons; Julius Streicher's virulent publication Der Stuermer (The Assault Trooper) repeatedly printed cartoons and articles that attempted to portray a “Jewish-Masonic” conspiracy. Freemasonry also became a particular obsession of the chief of Security Police and SD, Reinhard Heydrich, who counted the Masons, along with the Jews and the political clergy, as the “most implacable enemies of the German race.” In 1935 Heydrich argued for the need to eliminate not only the visible manifestations of these “enemies,” but to root out from every German the “indirect influence of the Jewish spirit”—“a Jewish, liberal, and Masonic infectious residue that remains in the unconscious of many, above all in the academic and intellectual world.”
Heydrich created a special section of the SS Security Service (Sicherheitsdienst; SD), Section II/111, to deal specifically with Freemasonry. The SD was particularly interested, as its personnel believed that Freemasonry exercised actual political power, shaped public opinion through control of the press, and was thus in a position to provoke war, subversion, and revolution. Later, Section VII B 1 of the Reich Security Main Office (Reichssicherheitshauptamt; RSHA), an amalgamation of the SD and the Security Police formed in 1939, took over the section devoted to investigating Freemasonry.
As Nazi Germany prepared for war in 1937–1938, the regime relaxed pressure on the rank and file of the dissolved lodges. Hitler amnestied members of the rank and file who renounced their former loyalties in April 1938 and efforts were made in the public sector to decide on continued employment of former lodge members on a case to case basis. Many civil servants who had been forced to retire due to their Masonic connections were recalled into service after the war began and the ban on former Masons serving in the Wehrmacht (German armed forces), even at the officer rank, was relaxed. The Nazi Party continued to ban former Masons from membership, though exceptions were made after 1938 in both the Nazi Party and even the SS.
As they conquered Europe, the Germans forcibly dissolved Masonic organizations and confiscated their assets and documents wherever they established an occupation regime. After a lodge was closed, it was ransacked for membership lists, important library and archival items, furnishings, and other cultural artifacts. Items seized would be sent on to the appropriate German agency, primarily the SD and later, the RSHA.
As part of their propaganda campaign against Freemasonry, the Nazis and other local right-wing organizations mounted anti-Masonic exhibitions throughout occupied Europe. German-occupied Paris hosted an anti-Masonic exhibition in October 1940, as did German-occupied Brussels in February 1941. Displaying Masonic ritual and cultural artifacts stolen from lodges, such exhibitions aimed to ridicule and direct hatred towards Freemasons and to heighten fears of a Jewish-Masonic conspiracy. German wartime propaganda, particularly in the army, charged that the Jews and Masons had provoked World War II and were responsible for the policies of US President Franklin D.Roosevelt, who was identified as a Freemason.
Some of Germany's Axis partners decreed police and discriminatory measures against Masons. In August 1940, the Vichy France regime issued a decree declaring Masons to be enemies of the state and authorizing police surveillance of them. The French wartime authorities even created a card file that identified all members of the Grand Orient of France, a leading French Masonic organization. The card file survived the war and was later microfilmed for the holdings of the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum Archives.
In 1942, Alfred Rosenberg was authorized by a Hitler decree to wage an “intellectual war” against the Jews and Freemasons. To that end, Hitler permitted Rosenberg's “Deployment Staff of Reich Leader Rosenberg (Einsatzstab Reichsleiter Rosenberg; ERR) to seize and evaluate Masonic archives and libraries to best equip them to carry on the “methodical intellectual fight” that was “necessary to win the war.” The members of ERR were guaranteed the support of the High Command of the German Armed Forces (Oberkommando der Wehrmacht; OKW) in fulfilling their mission.
After the end of World War II, vast collections of Masonic archives and library collections that had been seized by German authorities were captured, in turn, by Allied and Soviet forces. For example, a significant Masonic archive was found in Silesia, in eastern Germany, by Soviet troops in the last days of World War II. The Soviet authorities shipped the records to Moscow, where they were held in secret archives. Other Masonic-related materials were recovered in Poland. Some of this material has been microfilmed and stored in the archive of the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum. Since the end of the Cold War, many Masonic-related collections have been returned to their countries of origin, while others continue to be held in foreign repositories.
Because many of the Freemasons who were arrested were also Jews and/or members of the political opposition, it is not known how many individuals were placed in Nazi concentration camps and/or were targeted only because they were Freemasons. Some former lodge members, as individuals, participated in or were associated with German resistance circles. Some were arrested and murdered during World War II.
Walt Disney CEO Bog Iger has revealed that hackers claim to have stolen access to an unreleased Disney movie.
The hackers are reportedly demanding a ransom in exchange for not publishing the movie.
According to the Hollywood Reporter, Iger made comments about the alleged theft to ABC employees during a town hall meeting in New York on Monday.
'Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales' has allegedly been stolen by hackers and is now being held for ransom
The fifth movie in the franchise, which is estimated to have made $3.72 billion since 2003, was originally set to open in theaters next Friday
Iger did not say which film is being threatened for release, but Deadline reported that it's 'Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales,' which is set to open in theaters on May 26.
The movie is the fifth in the 'Pirates of the Caribbean' franchise, and the film series has made about $3.72 billion since it first launched in 2003.
Iger reportedly said that the hackers are threatening to release the first five minutes of the film if their demands are not met, and then the rest in 20-minute segments until they are paid.
The final sum they are demanding is unknown, but Iger said they have asked that a large amount be paid in Bitcoin.
Walt Disney CEO Bog Iger told ABC employees on Monday that the company is working with federal investigators to handle the alleged theft
While relatively unprecedented, holding an unreleased movie or TV show for ransom has been done before.
Just a few weeks ago, 10 episodes of the new season of 'Orange is the New Black' - originally intended to launch on June 9 - were posted on 'The Pirate Bay.' Netflix had refused to pay an undisclosed ransom price.
Twitter user 'thedarkoverlord' claimed responsibility for the release.
'Who is next on the list?' the unidentified person wrote in a tweet. 'FOX, IFC, NAT GEO, and ABC. Oh, what fun we're all going to have. We're not playing any games anymore.'
Disney is currently working with federal investigators and has said it will not pay the ransom.
by Michael Keller
NASA's Voyager 1, which last week made headlines after scientists announced it had officially left our solar system, is now more than 11 billion miles from Earth. It has traveled farther than any other object humanity has ever produced.
But that doesn't mean we can't still spot it in the sky from Earth. Using a network of 10 radio telescopes called the Very Long Baseline Array, astronomers found and photographed the glow coming from Voyager's main transmitter. The signal is beaming from the satellite at 22 watts, “which is comparable to a typical police car radio or – in visible light – a refrigerator light bulb,” says the National Radio Astronomy Observatory (NRAO) team that tracked down the little probe that could.
Even though Voyager's transmission broadcasts at such low power, they say, it is significantly stronger than any of the naturally occurring radio waves around it. Another instrument, called the Green Bank telescope, picked out Voyager from the background noise within one second.
( Artist's impression of Voyager 1's position when observed by the Very Long Baseline Array on February 21, 2013 Courtesy Alexandra Angelich, NRAO/AUI/NSF.)
“Voyager is the first man-made object to penetrate the interstellar medium, and we really want to be able to receive the data from this new frontier,” said NRAO scientist Toney Minter in a statement. “This information will provide many clues about how the interstellar medium behaves and how the Sun interacts with it.”
Astronomers took the picture this past February after Voyager 1 had already crossed into interstellar space.
Top Image: NRAO's Very Long Baseline Array telescope catches a glimpse of the signal from Voyager 1's transmitter as seen from more than 11 billion miles away. The slightly oblong shape of the image is a result of the VLBA antenna configuration. Courtesy NRAO/AUI/NSF.
Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov, left, and Russian Ambassador to the U.S. Sergey Kislyak, right, arrive at the State Department in Washington, Monday, July 17, 2017, to meet with Undersecretary of State Thomas Shannon.
WASHINGTON — The United States and Russia on Monday resumed high-level talks aimed at resolving irritants between Washington and Moscow, as Russian patience dwindles for the return of two seized diplomatic compounds.
Undersecretary of State Tom Shannon and Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov were meeting on Monday. U.S. officials downplayed chances for a breakthrough, especially since Russia abruptly canceled the diplomats' last scheduled meeting in June in response to new Ukraine-related sanctions. Ryabkov did not respond to a reporter's shouted question as he arrived at the State Department with Russian Ambassador to the U.S. Sergey Kislyak.
The goal is to pave the way for future cooperation on Syria, Ukraine and other global issues by first building trust through discussions about smaller issues. The resumption in talks came less than two weeks after President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin held a highly anticipated first meeting in Germany, an encounter both countries described as a positive first step toward improving relations.
Driving the agenda are grievances each country wants the other to address. The U.S. wants Moscow to stop harassing American diplomats and to lift a ban on U.S. adoptions of Russian children. Russia wants the U.S. to return two Cold War-era recreational estates — one in Maryland and one in New York — that the Obama administration seized as part of its response to Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election.
Though Putin declined to retaliate in December for Obama's response —which also included expelling 35 Russian diplomats the U.S. said were really spies — frustration has mounted in Moscow amid disappointment that Trump has not reversed those actions. Senior Russian officials have said in recent days that without a resolution soon, Moscow will have to retaliate, possibly by expelling American diplomats and moving against U.S. properties in Russia.
At the same time, pressure has been mounting on the Trump administration not to return the two compounds at least until investigations into the role Russia played in the 2016 election are completed or without guarantees that Russia will not repeat the meddling.
For anybody that knows Sacramento Kings rookie Thomas Robinson, he's clearly not cocky – but he damn sure is confident. The former Jayhawk was less than thrilled with the national media all but anointing Kentucky's Anthony Davis as the supreme being post college life and he let his feelings on the subject be known. It was Robinson, who averaged more points and rebounds. It was Robinson who was the first player since Blake Griffin to be named a unanimous Associated Press's First Team All-American – not Davis, so it's hard to blame the guy for being a bit salty. He's spent his entire basketball career proving people wrong and he's determined to do so again.
Ballerstatus' Carl Lamarre sat down with Robinson, along with fellow rookies Jeremy Lamb and Terrence Jones to talk about their upcoming rookie seasons, one that Robinson clearly feels good about:
Do you feel you have any threat for this Rookie of the Year Campaign? Thomas Robinson: Nah, I think it's going to be me. Point blank? Thomas Robinson: Point blank. (Laughs)
It might be irritating to an outside fan, but if you root for the purple and black – you can't help but love the desire and passion.
You can read the rest of Robinson's interview by clicking here.
It's back-to-back Sunday Night Football appearances for the Dallas Cowboys, as America's Team returns to primetime for a battle with the red hot Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Rookie quarterback Dak Prescott had won 11 straight games under center for the Cowboys. But one poor performance in last week's loss to the Giants was all it took for the whispers to begin about a potential call to the bullpen for Tony Romo. Prescott will need to play well and win tonight and beyond in order to keep the critics quiet.
And with the Giants' win on Sunday afternoon over Detroit, the Cowboys must be careful not to squander what, just eight days ago, appeared to be a certain NFC East title and No. 1 seed. A loss on Sunday night would leave the Cowboys just one game up on New York. With the Giants holding the tiebreaker, a loss tonight would leave them with no margin for error the rest of the way.
A win tonight will be no easy task for Dallas, given that they're going up against one of the hottest teams in the league. Tampa Bay comes in as winners of five straight, with a defense that's coming together at the right time, and an offense with a fast-developing young quarterback and lots of talent at the skill positions. Heisman Trophy-winning quarterback Jameis Winston has had an excellent second-year in the NFL, and now has a chance to lead his team to an NFC South title.
Kickoff is at 8:30 p.m. ET. The game will be broadcast on NBC. Al Michaels and Cris Collinsworth have the call. NBC will stream the game on its website, or you can use either the NBC Sports app or the NFL Mobile app to watch on your phone or tablet. Those apps can be downloaded from the Apple App Store, Google Play, and the Windows Store. A cable subscription is required for the free stream
[image via Dean Bertoncelj – Shutterstock.com]
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
DETROIT -- A 9-year-old was so disturbed by this city's finances that he told his parents he wanted to set up a lemonade stand to help fill Detroit's coffers.
So 5 to 8 p.m. each day through Friday, you will find Joshua Smith selling lemonade, fruit punch ("It's organic," he said), water, and popcorn ("seasoned with sea salt") at his family home.
Parents Flynn and Rhonda Smith, both 43, said they decided not to tell Joshua that a lemonade sale, no matter how successful, would hardly put a dent in the city's deficit, which is in excess of $100 million. And they decided to invest close to $100 for the food and drinks.
"I'm really proud of him. He wasn't asking how can he make money to buy himself something. My wife and I were talking about this earlier: Neither of us ever thought to do anything like this when we were kids," said Flynn Smith, a high school math teacher and associate pastor at Evangel Ministries here.
Joshua knew things weren't quite right in the city where he and his younger brothers, ages 4 and 2, were born. The grass at the parks near his home is frequently almost as tall as he is (he stands nearly 5 feet), and the water fountains are broken.
He was on his way to piano lessons one day when he heard a radio report about the sorry state of Detroit's finances.
"I heard the city was in crisis because the city is broke, and I was really upset," Joshua said.
Rhonda Smith posted news of the sale on Facebook, and along with Joshua made fliers distributed in the neighborhood and at a recent jazz festival.
The flier says: "May you please help the City of Detroit. Please buy this popcorn and drinks. It's not so expensive. I didn't make it expensive so you would have to spend all your money. The money will help clean up trash on the ground and cut the grass in the parks."
Joshua's goodies range in price from $1 for a bottle of water to $2 for a "big" bag of popcorn.
"He's always been a conscientious child about what's going on around him, and we want to encourage him with whatever he wants to do as long as it's positive and God honoring," said Rhonda Smith, a freelance writer.
On Monday, Joshua's first customer was next-door neighbor Robert Rucker, 60.
"The city really needs all the help it can get, so I wanted to help out," Rucker said. "Somebody needs to try something; the adults too."
Although it isn't common, donating money to the City of Detroit isn't difficult. People who want to donate must take the money to the city teller on the first floor of the Coleman A. Young Municipal Center; donated money goes to the general fund unless a department is specified.
Rhonda Smith said she is getting good responses from friends who are spreading the word through Facebook and other social media.
Kim Trent, a childhood friend of hers, posted a notice about Joshua's sale on her Facebook page and heard from friends across the country. That's when she suggested that Smith allow donations through her PayPal account.
"I posted it, and my friends posted it. I had friends as far as Oregon asking how they could contribute," Trent said. She stopped to buy popcorn and water on her way home from work.
Rhonda Smith said she hopes Joshua can donate the money with the assurance that it will go to the recreation department to cut grass or improve the parks.
Joshua said that he also wants to send a letter to Mayor Dave Bing with the money that he raises. On Monday afternoon, he dictated what the letter would say:
"Dear Mr. Mayor, I'm sending this money because I hear the city is broke and I'm hoping to raise $1,000 or more so we can have lots of money, so we can cut grass and fix the water fountains in the park."
He was slowly on the way to his goal Monday. A few hours into the sale, Joshua had made $69.
Federico Fellini Profile
* Titles in Bold Type Will Air on TCM
"There is no end. There is no beginning. There is only the infinite passion of life."
-Federico Fellini
No director captured "the infinite passion of life" as flamboyantly as Federico Fellini, the Italian director whose career spanned the birth of neorealism in the '40s and the rise of a more personal approach to filmmaking in the '60s. Indeed, his personal vision was so emphatic that critics created the term "Felliniesque" to describe his trademark mixture of decadence and eccentricity. Yet under all the Felliniesque glitter lay the passionate heart of a confirmed humanist, which may explain why his films have survived the test of time while others who merely exploited the changing values of the '50s and '60s have faded from memory.
Fellini was a small-town boy, born to middle-class parents in Rimini, Italy, who ran away to join the circus at an early age. As a young adult, he set off for a different circus, Rome, in 1938, hoping to become a journalist. But his writing and the cartoon caricatures he created led him in a different direction, first to the theatre and radio and then into film. A friendship with actor Aldo Fabrizi brought him the chance to tour with his troupe in a variety of odd jobs, an experience he would draw on for his first directorial effort, Variety Lights (1950). When some of his short stories were adapted for the radio, he met the radio plays' leading lady, Giulietta Masina, whom he would marry and groom to be one of his greatest stars.
Although Fellini had contributed gags to some films made in the early '40s, he first became seriously involved in film-making when director Roberto Rossellini approached him to help write the script for Open City, the 1945 film that would make Italian neorealism an international sensation. While Rossellini took ill while directing his next film, Paisan (1946), Fellini directed some scenes for him. That experience convinced him to move into directing.
His first film was a collaboration with director Alberto Lattuada, who liked Fellini's script for Variety Lights enough to let him direct the actors while Lattuada handled the camera work. From the beginning, Fellini drew heavily on his own life and dreams, using his experience touring with Fabrizi's troupe as the basis for his first directorial effort. He became sole director with his second film, The White Sheik (1952), after refusing to let anyone else direct his script about a honeymooning couple whose relationship is complicated by the wife's infatuation with a comic-strip character. For this film, he drew on his early experiences writing for "fotoromanzi," which used photos of actors instead of drawings for its comic-book like narratives.
Fellini had featured his wife in supporting roles in his first two films. For La Strada (1954), he promoted her to leading lady and scored an international sensation. As Gelsomina, a childlike waif sold into marriage with a traveling strong man (Anthony Quinn), she became the perfect embodiment of the innocence of the human spirit. With a popular score by Nino Rota, who would work with Fellini through the rest of his career, La Strada was an international hit that brought Fellini the first of his four Oscars® for Best Foreign Language Film. He repeated that success a year later with Le Notti de Cabiria, in which Masina played a romantic prostitute. That film would also inspire the hit Broadway musical Sweet Charity.
The director moved into truly Felliniesque territory with his next film, La Dolce Vita (1960). In their first of several films together, Marcello Mastroianni served as Fellini's on-screen representation, a journalist both repelled and attracted by the decadence of Roman life. The identification between actor and character would deepen with Fellini's masterpiece, 8 1/2 (1963). This time, Mastroianni was a film director desperately trying to come up with an idea for his next movie while juggling relations with his wife (Anouk Aimee), his mistress (Sandro Milo) and an innocent young actress (Claudia Cardinale). The film brought Fellini his third Oscar® and inspired another hit Broadway musical, Nine, along with imitations by U.S. directors Woody Allen (Stardust Memories, 1980), Paul Mazursky (Alex in Wonderland, 1970) and Bob Fosse (All That Jazz, 1979).
Fellini then presented the flip side of 8 1/2 with Juliet of the Spirits (1965), with Masina starring as a housewife at a loss over how to deal with her husband's infidelity. It was to be his last unqualified critical success. With later films (Fellini Satyricon in 1969, The Clowns in 1971, Fellini's Roma in 1972), critics thought he had allowed his personal vision to overpower his ability to reach an audience. Only Amarcord (1974), a series of reminiscences based on his youth in Rimini, brought a return to his earlier successes. The picture brought him his fourth Academy Award®. After that, his films scored a series of mixed successes. His last, La Voce della Luna (1989), has yet to find a U.S. distributor. Nonetheless, Fellini had one final triumph -- a special Oscar® presented to him in 1992.
by Frank Miller
Congressmen-elect Patrick Murphy & Ami Bera
It's over, folks: The AP has officially called the race for Democrat Ami Bera in California's 7th Congressional District. With Thursday's vote tally update, Bera now leads GOP Rep. Dan Lungren by 5,696 , an insurmountable gap given how few votes (likely under 25,000) remain to be counted.
This is a tremendous win for Democrats in this blue-trending seat in the Sacramento area. It's also a huge win for Daily Kos, which endorsed Bera, a physician with strong progressive credentials. A big thanks is owed to everyone who donated to Bera when this race went into overtime, helping to ensure that all votes were properly counted. And a huge congratulation to Congressman-elect Bera!
P.S. In the photo at right, Bera is pictured with another soon-to-be member of Congress, Patrick Murphy, as the two are both currently attending freshman orientation at the Capitol. As you may know, Murphy's also locked in an overtime battle against Tea Party Rep. Allen West. Though West trails by some 2,000 votes, he's dragged the case into court and a new hearing is scheduled for Friday. Murphy's racking up serious legal bills, and we're determined to make sure he emerges victorious, so please chip in so that Murphy can join Bera in DC when the 113th Congress convenes in January.
Greetings Citizens
Greetings Citizens,
We ended the last week with the unveiling of a new manufacturer, Tumbril Land Systems and its inaugural vehicle; the Cyclone. It includes 4 additional variants to handle cargo, turrets, reconnaissance and ground support roles. The concept sale for the Tumbril Cyclone lasts until August 2nd, so visit the sales page here and pick up yours today!
With that, lets take a look at this week.
Today, the newest episode of Citizens of the Stars now available! This week, PrincessFray joins the Citizen Spotlight to discuss the fun content created by The Damn Shames org. Plus, Cameron Wilkie has the answers in this round of Quantum Questions.
On Tuesday, the Lore Team gives us another rich and interesting look at the history in Star Citizen. Every week is something new from the story of Star Citizen. I can't wait to learn more about this rich and in-depth universe.
Follow that on Wednesday, Mark Abent is back with another episode of “Bugsmashers!” What issue will he battle this week? You'll have to wait and see here. Also, the Tumbril Cyclone Q&A will be available. We've picked the questions most voted on by you!
On Thursday, Around the Verse returns with an update from Jake Ross in our Austin, Texas studio and Benoit Beausejour from Turbulent!
On Friday, you asked for it and we delivered. Join Jared Huckaby and special guest Live Designer Gareth Bourn for Happy Hour Gamedev: Building a Solar System. Gareth walks us through SolEd to build a solar system using feedback from the viewers! You won't want to miss it.
That's all for this week, we'll see you in the ‘Verse!
Tyler “AdmiralSloth” Nolin
Community Manager
Algerina Perna, Baltimore Sun
At the National Federation of the Blind, Steven Booth tests out a voting machine with a keypad with Braille-embossed navigation buttons and an audio headset. At left is Hardwick Spencer, the trainer with Election Systems & Software, the company which is leasing the equipment to the State of Maryland. At right is Maryland Attorney General Brian E. Frosh. Next to Frosh is Rachel Rachfal, voter outreach manager with the MD State Board of Elections. At the National Federation of the Blind, Maryland Attorney General Brian E. Frosh, NFB National President Mark Riccobono NFBMD and President Sharon Maneki (tan jacket) host Members of the Greater Baltimore Chapter of the NFB host a meeting and test new ballot marking machines at NFB. The ballot marking devices are compliant with the Americans with Disabilities Act and let voters make selections using a keypad with Braille-embossed navigation buttons and an audio headset. Voters will also be able to enlarge text and change contrast on the screen. Voters with physical limitations will also be able to use the ballot marking device through an accessible port.
“I need to increase conversions!” This is the first thought on every web marketer's mind when they look at their landing pages.
Doctors end up studying throughout their lives to keep themselves abreast with the advances in medicine all over the world. If you look at it, it's the same with us web marketers too. With the technological advances and changes in user behavior, we have no option but to evolve with them. This can happen only when we keep in tune with the ever-changing landscape of the Internet and use advanced techniques in our marketing efforts.
Marketers, who understand that the web has evolved, look at optimization of pages and maximize their impact. Believe me; nothing can be more exciting than talking about something we all happen to love – conversions.
Even if you feel you've read a lot on this topic, have a little patience and see what I have to say. Hopefully, you will enjoy the little spin on on-page optimization and landing pages. This is something I have keenly observed other marketers talk about and implemented successfully. When you go about it in the proper manner, you can't go wrong – is what I believe.
Before venturing into the unknown, let's take a look at what has remained constant over the years.
On-Page Optimization Factors That Remain Constant
Visual Appeal – First impressions are influenced by the visual appeal of a site. Visually appealing content and images, usage of bullets spread out well on the page makes it easier and pleasing to the eye, having a direct impact on user performance and satisfaction. It has been seen that if a user likes the appearance at first glance, they may continue to like it irrespective of how the usage factor of the site is.
Call To Action – We all know what this is. Big and bold words attract people. We want people to understand clearly what they are supposed to do when they land on the page. A study shows that websites that have a call to action along the user's eye path are successful.
Branding – The landing page has to be branded and instill trust in first-time viewers. Branding is not just your company logo or name or even colors, it is the sum total of user experience of you as a company providing a product or service.
While these basic elements remain as important as they were before, as I said before, things have changed and the perception of users has changed too.
Changes in Web User Behavior
As technology changes the face of the Internet, the typical web user is evolving every day and the expectations seem to shift as well.
Increased Competition – For one thing, earlier the competition was very less and users were not exposed to so many sites on a single topic. Their expectations have increased and you need to cater to that higher level of expectation.
Authority – With so many authority sites around, ordinary sites stand no chance. Today, the need to show you are an authority has increased and it is important that your landing page reveals that you KNOW. This usually happens when people see others talking about you and there is activity. A feeling of community is important. It doesn't matter what you're selling, this is a necessity today.
Better Designs – With so many great designers out there, people get to see beautifully made sites. If you have to keep up with such well-dressed websites, yours needs to be on par too. The bounce rate is going to be high if people don't find your site visually appealing and of high standard.
Personal Touch – Web marketers today understand the importance of being transparent and open. People need to know who you are and why you are selling them a product or service. They need to be able to connect with you at a different level, as this builds their trust in you, and trust is by far the most important selling factor.
How do we handle this change and make sure your landing pages are loved and your product/service sells like hot cakes. Let's take a look at some advanced on-page optimization and rethink conversions.
Advanced On-Page Optimization
Increase Visitor Count
Social Sites : This is by far the best bet as of today, if you're looking for increased conversions. It is very important to get people to like and follow you.
: This is by far the best bet as of today, if you're looking for increased conversions. It is very important to get people to like and follow you. Memberships: Check to see if it is possible to get people to sign up for a Membership. If it makes sense, then you got to see where to put it up on your landing page to attract people.
Engagement
You need to involve and keep visitors busy on your site and slowly lead them deeper into the site. This can be done by either providing downloads or engaging them in some other way with interestingly placed links to deeper pages.
Trials
Most web marketers neglect doing this, but providing a demo on the site works great. A free trial that allows people to explore the product is an advanced optimization technique. It also provides you with a whole lot of information, such as the number of people that visit that demo and how they interact and engage there.
Feedback
If you were sure that all you're going to be getting is accolades, you would surely do anything to make that happen. But feedback through surveys on the site is very important, since that's what leads to conversions. Get people to complete more surveys and give more feedback. The very fact that people are spending time taking the surveys to provide you feedback shows that they like your site and you. You will need to spend time on this!
Brand Strengthening
Brand is a big word and strengthening is done by experts in the company. It is these people who ensure people see us in a certain way. Well, you can do this on your landing pages effectively without hiring a battalion of experts. You must build a story over time. When talking of a brand, what comes to mind is the logos and testimonials, but there's a whole lot more that needs to be done for the modern user.
Why not show them your byline? Use mission statements and place them appropriately where it is seen clearly and makes an impact. What about awards – have you won any? Are they buried deep down in some section nobody looks at? Dig them up and make them more visible. Be consistent about everything you say about your product or company throughout the website. While using adjectives is important, over-doing it can have a negative impact.
Most marketers have their contact details like phone number, email and shipping policy on the landing pages. But bringing all of them together in a single badge helps send trust signals from a single space and not scattered all around. For example, if they don't see your shipping policy just because it is not visible, they will simply assume that you've not bothered to put it up because you don't have a good policy. This all-in-one badge is something you have to put up, so start thinking of the perfect placement to get some eyeballs on it.
Exude Positivity
It amazes me to see the number of marketers that don't pay heed to this. Using words that are expected of them or using words that sound funny is the trend. How about doing something that reveals you, your brand and culture to them? People love seeing positivity through positive words. Look at your site impartially and see how you can change things there.
Test, Test, Test
The toughest challenge of all! Marketers understand it's important but most fail to implement.
It is easy to make changes based on what is considered right, but how about making doubly sure that what you did works. Testing brings all the elements on your page to life. It makes a difference to your conversions and to your business. Test the whole layout and check out the visual aesthetic of your site through the eyes of your audience. Does your evolved audience like it? What else needs to be added? Are there other features you can add to get their attention?
As an example, Content Rules has a well-optimized page. The design is simple with very few font variations and attracts direct attention to the call to action. Images are used thoughtfully, and a thumbnail preview of the eBook is given to show visitors what they will be receiving once the form is filled. The brand validation is done by giving the logos below the fold. I feel they can improve their landing page further by adding social elements.
Conclusion
Apart from the basic landing page optimization, these are the new and more advanced on-page optimization tactics that really need to be looked at with all seriousness. If you can look at your landing page and think, “This is going to make a difference,” then perhaps you will feel the impact.
As a business, rethink your goals to make sure you hit the bigger targets. Remember that having a presence on the Web is not the same as having a successful website. To reap the full benefits of your Internet investment, you must ensure you actually implement the changes we talked about and test them.
I am happy to announce that I will be joining Pantera Capital as a partner this month to co-manage their Pantera ICO Fund. This will be in addition to guiding Augur towards a successful release.
During Augur's development, I have tried to stay deeply involved with the Ethereum and blockchain ecosystems. I am proud to say that I am an advisor to (and angel investor in) many projects in the space, many of which I shared and discussed with Paul Veradittakit, a partner at Pantera. One day, Paul and Dan Morehead invited me to a meeting with the Pantera team and explained the new hedge fund they were setting up, and asked if I was interested in working on it with them. I have always limited my involvement with other blockchain projects to advisory roles, but as I thought about it, I realized that this fund — if set up by people with an intimate knowledge of the space — could provide tremendous value to the blockchain space, and to Augur.
The #1 reason for startup failure is due to lack of product-market fit, which Augur will never achieve if it is not liquid. By partnering with Pantera, I can help make a big dent in this problem. For Augur to succeed, it needs fair prices and solid spreads. Dan Morehead at Pantera was previously CFO at Tiger Management and has managed billions of dollars in assets, so if anyone knows trading in the blockchain industry, it is him.
Once Augur is out, we can even trade on it, which will increase liquidity and be good for everyone. There are no set allocations for anything in the fund, it is all about capacity and what we can spend the money on that is the best investment/most profitable.
If a million people show up day one of Augur's full release, then there is probably no need (or edge) for us to trade. But if it does not happen, we will trade as long as we have an edge. This is not altruism: we are not planning to lose money to attract users to Augur! However, since we have an edge even in markets like bitcoin, we will almost certainly have an edge on Augur markets for quite a while.
I imagine the edge in Augur as a trader will be significantly higher for quite a long time. And it will likely always persist for new markets — until the entire platform is as efficient as the markets for bitcoin anyway, which will be a good while.
While all hedge funds and traders should, in theory, want to market make on Augur, no one will know the platform as well as I do. Even funds that do know about it might not be able to trade on Augur either because they do not understand the space or cannot invest in tokens to begin with per their LP agreements. Augur shares are, of course, tokens themselves.
The steps remaining before Augur is ready to enter the launch process to enable all these are:
— The rest of the audits
— Fixing issues arising from the audits
— Fixing any final little quirks that come up before launch
There will be no additional features or significant architectural changes in store once the latest reporting simplifications are merged. I will still be here and involved in architectural decisions and to give my input on feature decisions, vision, and overall strategy. I will also be writing some contracts that help Augur later on (for some of the future steps in the master plan, like automatic rollovers). As Augur's launch has drawn closer, I have been gradually stepping back from handling the day-to-day implementation of our smart contracts, and shifting to a more big-picture architectural role. We have been building out the smart contract engineering team — all of whom have more experience shipping code than I do! — and I am confident that our smart contracts are in good hands.
My original plan was to join AugmentPartners at this point in Augur's life, which is building a bunch of things on top of Augur to help it succeed. However, it already has an extremely strong team in place, with Ron Bernstein (formerly Intrade CEO) as CEO and Kevin Day (formerly Factset) leading the tech team. I think by partnering with Pantera, I can add value to help Augur succeed in a different manner by helping to bolster the whole ecosystem. If you read the master plan you will notice it relies upon other significant developments in the ecosystem.
Vitalik is both the co-founder of Ethereum and a partner at Fenbushi Capital, and both ventures are not only successful in their own right but benefit from each other. Similarly, I believe that Augur will benefit from a hedge fund trading on it and helping to bolster the ecosystem overall. It may be true that great software takes ten years, but hopefully, we can speed it up by funding (and helping accurately price) other infrastructure that will accelerate Augur's master plan!
What is Gitblit?
Gitblit is an open-source, pure Java stack for managing, viewing, and serving Git repositories.
It's designed primarily as a tool for small workgroups who want to host centralized repositories.
GO: Single-Stack Solution
Gitblit GO is an integrated, single-stack solution based on Jetty.
You do not need Apache httpd, Perl, Git, or Gitweb. Should you want to use some or all of those, you still can; Gitblit plays nice with the other kids on the block.
This is what you should download if you want to go from zero to Git in less than 5 mins.
WAR: For Your Servlet Container
Gitblit WAR is what you should download if you already have a servlet container available that you wish to use. Jetty 6/7/8 and Tomcat 6/7 are known to work. Generally, any Servlet 2.5 or Servlet 3.0 container should work.
You decide how to use Gitblit
Gitblit can be used as a dumb repository viewer with no administrative controls or user accounts.
Gitblit can be used as a complete Git stack for cloning, pushing, and repository access control.
Gitblit can be used without any other Git tooling (including actual Git) or it can cooperate with your established tools.
All Transports
The SSH, HTTP, & GIT protocols are supported and ready-to-go out of the box.
Issue tracking with branch-based pull requests
Gitblit blends elements of GitHub, BitBucket, and Gerrit to provide a streamlined collaboration workflow based on branches within the primary repository.
Easy Remote Management
Administrators can create and manage all repositories, user accounts, and teams from the Web UI.
Administrators can create and manage all repositories, user accounts, and teams from the JSON RPC interface using the Gitblit Manager or your own custom tooling.
Administrators can create and manage all repositories, user accounts, and teams from the command-line using SSH & the Powertools plugin.
Integration with Your Infrastructure
Extendable by plugins
Groovy push hook scripts
Pluggable user service mechanism LDAP authentication with optional LDAP-controlled Team memberships Redmine authentication SalesForce.com authentication Windows authentication PAM authentication Custom authentication, authorization, and user management
Rich RSS feeds
JSON-based RPC mechanism
Java Client RSS/JSON API library for custom integration
Backup Strategy
Gitblit includes a backup mechanism (*federation*) which can be used to backup repositories and, optionally, user accounts, team definitions, server settings, & Groovy push hook scripts from your Gitblit instance to another Gitblit instance or to a Gitblit Federation Client. Similarly, you can use the federation mechanism to aggregate individual workspace Gitblit instances to a common, centralized server.
Java Runtime Requirement
Gitblit requires a Java 7 Runtime Environment (JRE) or a Java 7 Development Kit (JDK).
Article body copy
For many, picturing the effects of climate change on the ocean likely conjures visions of melting ice caps, rising sea levels, and bleached coral reefs. Yet these phenomena, unfortunate as they are, seem quite removed from most of our day-to-day lives. But according to new research, climate change could soon hit much closer to home, threatening the nutritional quality of seafood.
Warming and acidification are having serious effects on marine life, driving fish to the poles in search of colder waters and upsetting their reproductive schedules. But according to Kirsten Benkendorff, a marine ecologist at Southern Cross University in Australia, there are other, more insidious, consequences in the works. Even for those species that can acclimatize or adapt, says Benkendorff, stress caused by climate change could still hit the seafood at the store.
In new research, Benkendorff and her team exposed the whelk Dicathais orbita, a type of sea snail, to temperature and acidity conditions similar to those predicted for the end of the century. The results were dramatic. The whelks had decreased glycogen and lipid contents, and the amount of protein in their flesh was nearly cut in half. Other studies have shown similarly worrying effects in other shellfish, including reductions in the concentration of fatty acids.
Globally, around 250,000 tonnes of murex snails, the family to which the whelk belongs, are harvested every year. Shellfish, including snails, are an essential source of nutrients for many people around the globe, but if climate change slashes their nutrient content, their value as food will also drop.
Nutritional value is one thing, but perhaps an even more relatable quality is taste. In a novel experiment in 2014, Sam Dupont from the University of Gothenburg in Sweden exposed northern shrimp to expected future climate conditions before feeding them to a panel of 30 local connoisseurs. “Swedes really love their shrimp,” remarks Dupont, explaining that he predicted the strong emotional response to the experiment from the public. The shrimp exposed to acidic conditions were consistently scored lower for both appearance and taste, and the resulting paper gained extensive coverage both in Sweden and abroad.
But how many species are actually having their quality as food reduced by climate change?
“This is the key question, isn't it?” says Dupont. “Potentially every species sensitive to ocean acidification.”
That casts the net fairly wide, as research has demonstrated the effects of acidification on everything from the growth rates of phytoplankton to the metabolic rates of jumbo squid.
“In general, ocean acidification is impacting the way marine organisms use and collect energy,” Dupont says. If organisms are stressed and require more energy to function, this can alter the balance of lipids and proteins in their bodies, which can manifest in altered nutritional value and taste. And that's not all: research conducted by Dupont and his colleagues has also demonstrated that acidification can lead to the accumulation of toxic, bitter-tasting phenolic compounds in some organisms.
While Benkendorff is uncertain about the extent to which her findings can drive meaningful change, Dupont hopes he can inspire action by emphasizing the tangible effects of climate change on food, and how we can “physically experience ocean acidification through taste.”
Note: By submitting this form, you agree to Third Door Media's terms . We respect your privacy .
Google has a winner with Google Home, for those who want a hands-free assistant that can answer a broad range of questions that come up during day-to-day activities in the house. It easily beats what Amazon Echo can do.
Google Home — which ships to consumers this week — is Google's answer to the Amazon Echo, which came out two years ago. Both are hands-free, voice-activated devices designed to be placed in a home and able to play music, provide news, control devices and generally serve as an all-around assistant.
Assistants & asking for answers
Part of that assistance is answering questions people might have. Here, Google Home outshines Amazon Echo because its built-in “Google Assistant” is smarter than the Echo's “Alexa” assistant. Because Google harvests information from across the web, it can answer far more types of questions than Alexa can, my testing found.
I've been using Google Home for nearly a week. It sits in my kitchen, next to my Amazon Echo. I've asked both questions, as have my family, as they've come up as part of our daily routine.
The videos below illustrate this. In some of them, you'll hear me ask both devices the same question at almost the same time. If you do it right, you can get “side-by-side” answers. It does have the potential to confuse the device asked first. In any side-by-side examples I show, I also tested each device separately to ensure that they weren't being confused.
For simple information, both do well
Ask both about the weather, and they are an equal match:
Basic facts are also provided by both, such as the distance from the earth to the moon:
When you go beyond the basics, however, Alexa can't keep up. For example, Alexa couldn't answer “Can guinea pigs eat grapes?” while Google Home gave a solid answer:
That question is a perfect example of how Google Home shines for off-the-beaten track questions. It came to mind because my guinea pig started squawking as I came into the kitchen, wanting a treat. I opened the refrigerator, saw some grapes and wondered if they'd be OK.
Actually, I already knew they were OK from previous experience. That experience was that I'd looked it up either on my phone or computer. Could one of these newfangled hands-free devices magically give me the answer, no typing required? Google Home could and did.
Hands-free answers, even for hard questions
As a long-time Amazon Echo owner, I've learned that its Alexa assistant generally can't handle complicated questions. That's trained me to not even ask. But with Google Home, each success gave me more and more confidence to ask further questions, a positive reinforcement loop and a real edge for the product.
A real intensive bout of questioning happened when my family was watching TV last week. A commercial came on for for the Kia Soul EV-e, a small electric car. We've been looking for electric cars and hadn't realized Kia made one. My wife wondered how many miles-to-the gallon (or the electric equivalent) they got and the range.
We paused the TV and asked our assistants, which could hear us from from the living room:
I was pretty impressed. For my family, this was just a challenge to prove that Google Home could be stumped with more questions. My son, who'd been working on homework earlier, asked how to calculate “percent abundance,” which is some chemistry thing I've long forgotten and am thankful I don't need to know now.
Google Home got it; Alexa did not. Here's the side-by-side with me asking (and no, Alexa couldn't get it when asked on its own):
My wife decided to try and stump Google Home by asking for British chef Delia Smith's mince pie recipe. Google Home again had an answer where Alexa did not:
Companion app provides further information
Of course, completing a recipe delivered verbally is pretty much impossible for most cooking, unless you have a great memory. That's where Google Home has another great feature. For complicated answers, it sends a link to the companion Google Home app on your phone, so you can consult with the source site in more detail:
The companion apps for Google Home and Amazon Echo both keep a record of all your queries. The difference with Google Home is that you get these types of more information links presented.
For more about this, especially for SEOs and search marketers, see my other story: How Google Home turns voice answers into clickable links.
Welcome home, Google Home
In the end, Google Home won my wife over. “Yes, I'd buy that over the Amazon Echo,” she remarked. Meanwhile, my son gave up on trying to stump it and instead progressed to tricking Google Home & Amazon Echo to continually talk to each other:
How to make Google Home & Amazon Echo talk to each other in an infinite loop is my article on how you can do this yourself, if you have both devices and wish to further contribute to the woeful rise in abuse of artificial intelligence and robots.
I've continued asking various questions that have come to mind on the spur-of-the-moment, and Google often comes through.
For example, I missed game six of the World Series while I was out. When I got home, my wife told me how there was a grand slam. But she wasn't certain if that was the right term for when a run brings in loaded bases (she's British). I thought it was but wasn't certain (because I'm fairly sports ignorant).
I asked Google Home, one way, and it didn't know. I tried a slightly different way, and I got an answer. The Amazon Echo couldn't answer either way. Here's the successful answer:
Google Home's answers aren't always right
Google Home isn't perfect, of course. There are times that it just can't answer a question. On the odd occasion, the Amazon Echo can answer when Google fails, as when I asked “What's the World Series score?”, as shown below:
Asked another way — “Who's winning the World Series” — and both were able to answer:
Perhaps a bigger issue is when Google Home confidently answers a question even though the answer isn't right. For example, when my new Lego catalog arrived yesterday, there was an article about how the new Disney Castle is the second tallest Lego set of all time. I wondered what the tallest was and asked:
Google Home pulled an answer about the Taj Mahal from an IGN article, saying it was the biggest. That's true. But it's not the tallest. That's the Eiffel Tower set of 2007.
That answer was bad because it didn't answer the actual question. Here's an example where Google Home gives a flat-out incorrect answer, that of Barack Obama being “King of the United States.”
Ironically, that's an answer from Search Engine Land, where we documented how Google was mistakenly giving the wrong answer for this question from another source. By doing this, we became the new source. It's just one of many examples we've covered where Google's guesses about answers drawn from across the web go wrong.
In short, Google Home's strength in drawing answers from across the web, without human curation or review, can also be its weakness. But overall, I'd say as with regular Google itself, it's more likely to get things right than wrong.
Beyond answers, Echo is stronger
Beyond answering questions, I'd give Echo the edge, an advantage that largely comes from being a platform that has matured over the past two years.
While Google Home can control devices, Echo seems able to handle a wider variety. In my home, Echo can talk with two different types of connected lights I have, as well as a non-Nest thermostat. Google Home couldn't see any of these.
I love how Echo delivers up news from a huge variety of sources, over 300. Google has about 50.
Echo also really shines in having a deep library of “skills,” where third-parties have enabled Echo to do certain things like test your Harry Potter knowledge, play the “Name Game,” have you do random exercises and yes, the always amusing skill to make your Echo fart.
Activating Echo to ask questions is easier, in terms of syllables and words. Echo responds when you say the “hotword” or “wake word” of “Alexa,” a single word of three syllables. You can even change that to “Echo.” Google Home wants “OK Google,” two words and four syllables. I know it's just an extra word and syllable, but it still adds a slightly annoying amount of delay when asking for what you want. It's also not something you can change, but Google is also testing using “Hey Google,” which at least saves a syllable.
Personally, I feel the sound quality from Echo is better than Google Home. We often play music out of Echo because it is so easy to do and the speakers are so nice. Google Home sounded flatter and less rich to me. But others might disagree, and this certainly isn't a review of its sound quality.
Another nice touch with Google Home is that if you have two of them, you can have music play on both. You can also speak to one and tell it to send music to another. This worked fairly well in my testing, telling my upstairs Google Home to play something downstairs. You can also send to Chromecast units or devices with Chromecast built-in, though this failed to work with my Vizio TV that has Chromecast support.
Worthy competition
If you've been considering a home assistant, Google Home is a compelling choice. Even being brand new, it stands up well against Echo in many ways. It's especially good if you expect you like the idea of a device that allows you to easily ask all types of questions.
Google Home is also $50 cheaper, $129 in the US versus $179 for the Amazon Echo. Amazon does offer the Amazon Tap for $129, which is basically a smaller version of the Echo that has an internal battery, making it portable. The sounds on that is great, but the disadvantage is that you have to push a button to ask questions. It's not a robust replacement for a true hands-free assistant.
There's also the Echo Dot, which is cheap at $50. It does the hands-free assistant stuff as well as the regular Echo. But it has a tiny speaker that's not great for playing music, though it can be connected to a sound system.
Echo has the advantage in being a robust device that's even smart enough to recognize that different people may use it, so that you can switch to access different music lists or shopping lists. It can even read books that you already own, no audiobook version needed (if you don't mind a robot-sounding voice).
While Google Home isn't as robust in some areas, there's every reason to expect it will grow. That's especially because it's already launching with a solid foundation.
As the photo editor for Climbing magazine, I've spent countless hours of my life click-click-clicking through climbing photos to find the best of the best for our print publication. I've seen images that range from goosebump-inducing, palm-sweating, mind-blowing greatness to eye-assaulting, soul-crushing lameness. We all know climbing is a breathtaking, visually stunning activity that takes us to incredible places—hell, aesthetics of the places and the people (yes, we're an attractive brood) are probably half the reason most of you climb anyway. But oddly enough, it's pretty damn hard to capture the joie de vivre of climbing with just the press of a shutter button. Of course, there's much more that goes into it: humping 50 lbs. of metal and rigging gear up steep cliffs to faraway crags, waking up before the sun to nail that magic light, spending hours in front of a screen perfecting color and tone, forgoing personal climbing goals to jug ropes instead, sitting in a harness until your lower half goes numb and your kidneys are squeezed into your chest... But I digress.
Photographers, both amateur and professional, ask me all the time for hints and tips to getting their photos in Climbing. “How can I get published in the magazine?” they ask. “I don't know, dude, try shooting a good climbing photo” is what I want to say, but that's neither helpful nor constructive (goal for 2015: be less of a sarcastic asshole and more of a warm, friendly fellow human being). There are a few simple guidelines I follow when looking for great climbing imagery. Because I like these photographers and want to help them out, and because I like you, the reader/fan/web troller, and want you to have the exhilaration of seeing more world-class climbing photography, I've compiled this easily digestible list of 10 Rules for Climbing Photography.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
1. Females > MalesCall me sexist all you want, but if it's the exact same body position, climb, expression, etc., I will always choose a photo of a woman over a photo of a man. Nothing against you gents, but girls are much more visually appealing—I'd like to think we can all agree on that. So sack up and go ask some ladies to pose down for you.
2. Bouldering, sport, trad, alpine, ice—anything and everything is fair gameAll types of climbing, newsworthy events, cool/unique places, people young and old, new routes, old routes, tall routes, bold routes. However, NO buildering and most likely no competition or indoor/gym climbing, sorry. Try to be seasonally appropriate, and limit ice climbing shots; we only run a few every year.
3. A few notes about the climber…Fully outstretched body positions where you can see most or all of the limbs, dynamic moves, eyes looking up, intense but not weird faces, and helmets are great. Minimize chalking up and clipping shots, unless it puts the overall composition on point. Always, always, always go with bright clothes (stop it with the tan/brown/taupe shirts). There's a reason most climbers' closets look like the inside of a Skittles bag—don't fight it. Weird, super-old, ratty clothes or off-putting hair, and I won't even give it a second glance. Take that with a grain of salt, but it doesn't hurt to give your subjects a quick once-over before he/she pulls on the rock; bring an extra clean, newish, and bright shirt or pullover so you have options. That said, I can appreciate funny or pleasantly silly clothes, like a Hawaiian shirt or a massive Mexican sombrero.
4. Don't chop off body partsC'mon, you're better than that. I actually have a visceral, gut-wrenching reaction any time I see a great shot with even just the tip of the toe or a foot missing. I just won't run it. On the same note, we very rarely (read: never) run any of those “artsy” close-up shots of just hands on a hold, a foot, or even shots that focus only on the face. Climbing photography is a discipline that demands context.
5. Sharp end only! Images of people toproping have a time and a place (e.g., a story about someone learning to climb, overcoming injury, following a cool multi-pitch with major exposure, etc.), but otherwise the climber pretty much has to be on lead, with the exception of bouldering (especially highball bouldering, which I get all giddy for). There's a reason there are 10 bouldering shots submitted for each top-down, on-lead shot: Shooting bouldering is easy. That means every shot of pebble-wrestling sent to me needs to be that much better. Top-down shots (as opposed to a butt shot taken from below) trump all. Bonus points for big runouts and climbers high above the last piece of gear.
6. Close-up, medium, or wide?In all honesty, I'm a complete sucker for the ultra-wide shot: bright sky in the background, layers of mountains, small climber in the middle of it with a shirt/body position that pops—just beautiful. Close-ups do look really cool in the context of a story, and medium images are useable for almost everything. So this isn't really a rule as much as it is a reminder to shoot all focal lengths.
7. Shoot for layoutOne of the biggest issues with running photos in a magazine is this thing we call a gutter, aka the black hole in the center of a print issue that nothing can escape from. For a spread (image that runs across both pages), the climber can't be centered and has to be far enough on one side to not even tickle the endless chasm of the gutter. Same goes for full pages. The takeaways from this are: Always shoot a little wider (so we can crop in) and avoid centering the climber.
8. Bright sunlight is badThis is counterintuitive to what many non-photogs might think, but it creates harsh shadows that print terribly, aren't nice to look at, and dissect the composition in a bad way. (Disclaimer: Sometimes shadow lines are exactly what make the photo work, but that's not common.) If you can't shoot with the route completely in the shade, the best days to shoot are overcast with a thin cloud layer so that the light is evenly dispersed. This causes no distraction from the subject and eliminates problems with post-processing and printing. Plus, it's just damn breathtaking.
9. Posing is fineAs along as it doesn't look too posed. If you need to, have your climber reach up to a nonexistent hold, or put his foot in a place that isn't the least bit useful for the actual climb—as long as it improves the image's composition and climber's body position. Ask her to look farther up and to the left/right, or if you're on friendly terms with her and it's not her onsight/send go, have her repeat a few of the moves. All good photographers do this, and if you're up in arms at this moment about how this isn't genuine or isn't “real” rock climbing photography, then you probably don't fall into the category of “good photographer.”
10. Cover-specific guidelinesBackgrounds should be ultra-clean (evenly toned rock, solid colors, blue sky, uniform trees) to hold coverlines on top. When looking at your own photo, imagine if the Climbing logo was on top, with words on the left side. Is the climber in the center or upper right corner, underneath where the logo would go? Does she pop? Will it crop to the cover dimensions well?
So there you have it. Obviously following all these rules won't guarantee you a spot in the mag, but it will definitely up your chances. And remember the true beauty of any art form is not giving a crap what other people think and having faith in your own unique voice, imagination, and style. After all, rules were meant to be broken.
Julie Ellison is the senior editor for Climbing. Follow her failed attempts to take the perfect climbing photo on Instagram: @joolyhart.
Lance Berkman, who played college ball at Rice before manning the outfield and first base for the Houston Astros, dodges high heat thrown by sports journalists outraged over his opposition to a spaced-out Space City law giving transsexual “women” access to the ladies' room.
The city's voters decide on the Houston Equal Rights Ordinance (HERO) this November. Berkman urges voters to cast “no” ballots in a commercial:
No men in women's bathrooms. No boys in girls' showers or locker rooms. I played professional baseball for 15 years, but my family is more important. My wife and I have four daughters. Proposition 1, the bathroom ordinance, would allow troubled men to enter women's public bathrooms, showers, and locker rooms. This would violate their privacy and put them in harm's way.
Mark Townsend at Yahoo Sports calls Berkman's position “a troubling display of intolerance that simply can't be defended or outright ignored.” NBCSports.com's Craig Calcaterra dubs Big Puma's stance “pretty damn vile.” At Deadspin, Kamer Salaf insists to his readers of the former Astro's ad: “This is not a joke.”
Not so long ago, on The Milton Berle Show and Monty Python's Flying Circus, men dressed as women as a joke. But transsexualism now ranks as an uber-serious subject. Laugh at your own risk.
Along with Bruce Jenner, America transitioned. The United States of Tolerance isn't big enough for Tone Loc (he “don't fool around with no Oscar Meyer wiener”), Crocodile Dundee (“That was a guy, a guy dressed up as a sheila”), Mr. Garrison (“Hey, I'm pregnant everybody! Now I can go down to the clinic and have an abortion!”), and Ray Davies (“I know what I am and I'm glad I'm a man and so is Lola”). They now join Lance Berkman in the “pretty damn vile” pile.
Come to think of it, the exclusivity of the ladies' room discriminates against not just transwomen but cismen (Yes, that's a word. You're welcome.) as well. The benighted glimpse a mere triangle topped with a dot on the door. The enlightened see a swastika. Public ladies' rooms remain the last bastion of bigotry, with their symbols of hate effectively announcing “no men allowed.” If HERO lived up to its acronym, it would allow dudes and not just dude-looks-like-a-lady dudes equal rights to these chauvinistic enclaves.
However jarring to 21st-century, urban-hipster sensibilities, some people feel uncomfortable undressing and using the toilet around strangers (and even close friends) of the opposite sex. Even more shocking, some people regard human beings born with a penis, XY chromosomes, and the capacity to produce massive amounts of testosterone as male. Modesty, and a desire for privacy, compels such atavistic beings to assert a right to use the bathroom among their own kind. Alas, the Constitution's penumbral right to privacy applies to a woman's freedom to harpoon a baby with a saline needle, not to use the restroom segregated from the stares of that creepy, crossdressing dude in The Silence of the Lambs. The WC must become PC.
People who hang out in public restrooms generally fall into two camps: the really sick or the really sick. It's likely that very few transgenders wish to remain past their welcomes. But like Vince Wilfork or Abe Vigoda or Andy Dick or John Tesh in the girls' room, the welcome runs out once they walk in. Even in public restrooms people desire privacy. Co-ed works for college. The water closet? Not so much.
One suspects that a majority of voters in America's fourth largest city cast a “pretty damn vile” no vote. To loosely paraphrase Richard Nixon, we're all bigots now.
Later, those forgoing gender-reassignment surgery undergo a frontal lobotomy. Rejecting a transgender suitor's entreaty to go to the prom, laughing at John Cleese playing Anne Elk, and quickly evacuating the lavatory when a woman made in a laboratory enters to evacuate all morph from normal to microaggression to hate crime.
I have seen the future, and it's berserk.
A federal judge has ruled that Ivanka Trump must give a deposition in a lawsuit by an Italian shoemaker claiming Trump and her fashion company has produced cheaper knockoffs of Aquazurra's “coveted” and highly publicized shoe designs.
At the heart of the lawsuit is Aquazurra's “Wild Things” shoe. The Italian company says the Ivanka Trump brand's “Hettie” shoe is a knockoff of Aquazurra's “Wild Things” shoe.
Ivanka has staunchly denied those allegations, saying the Aquazurra design lacks the “distinctiveness” it would need to be protected by intellectual property laws. Her lawyers said the lawsuit is a “publicity stunt.”
The lawyers also argued that Trump should be exempt because of her “special circumstances.” Forcing Ivanka Trump to be deposed “would be an unnecessary distraction and would interfere with her ability to perform her duties at the White House.”
But the judge overseeing the case, U.S. District Judge Katherine Forrest, denied that request in a ruling Friday, saying that Ivanka Trump's deposition is necessary because she was a company executive during the time the shoes were made and had “high-level, authoritative, personal involvement” in the company.
Take a look at both shoes side-by-side and let us know your thoughts in the comments section below:
Anthony Weiner threw his hat into the NYC mayoral race yesterday with a slick family-pimping campaign video and a flashy new website. So far his comeback has been very carefully stage-managed, but you had to know he'd pull a boner at some point. And today it's being widely observed that the top banner graphic on Weiner's website features an image of the Pittsburgh's skyline, not New York City. At this point you might ask yourself how the hell they screwed that up... and then remember that this is Anthony Weiner we're talking about.
Instead of a NYC bridge, the bridge on Weiner's site appears to be the Roberto Clemente Bridge (also known as the Sixth-Street Bridge). One Pittsburgh resident tells The Hill, "It's the Renaissance Hotel framed through by southern-more tower of the Sixth-Street Bridge; the Gulf, USX, Koppers, Mellon Bank and Keenen buildings are all easily discernible to the left."
Capital New York's Azi Paybarah found another image of the bridge here and attached it to the Weiner website banner for comparison.
(Via Capital New York/BK Dunn)
I called and emailed Weiner's office for comment on his latest "big mistake," but have so far received no reply. I guess that leaves me no alternative but to tweet at him...
Update: They fixed it, lazily.
When I quit full-time work to become a freelance writer, I revelled in the joy of leaving office life behind. I could work my own hours, wear what I liked, and never again have to deal with congealed kitchen encounters or un-flushed toilet surprises (seriously, why do people do this?).
But after just a few weeks of solitude, I started experiencing peculiar mood swings. By the end of each week, I'd pace about my study room, anxious and a little manic. All this in the midst of enjoying my own company. What was going on?
Wanting to be alone
I like spending time by myself. Ever since I got online in my teens, I enjoyed friendships the most when they're over text. In my 20's, I had a face-to-face social life so active that I burnt myself out on human contact. (Yes, it can happen; read Eve's post on introversion to learn more!) So, in rebounding, I took every opportunity for solitude and never questioned my preference for being alone.
You can see where this is going. And you don't have to look far to learn what science has to say about it. Loneliness affects our sleep, our stress levels, our understanding of our surroundings; it can trigger changes in our bodies that leave us prone to illness. Funnily enough, being lonely can also make you stay lonely, as you develop self-esteem and perception habits that make it hard to feel comfortable connecting with people.
It was difficult to fathom, and even harder to admit. After all, I talked to people every day over the internet, sometimes sharing the kinds of conversations we had when we still saw each other face to face. I love my solitude and quiet. And most importantly, I didn't feel lonely.
But – HAHA, GUESS WHAT…
You don't have to feel lonely to be isolated
According to a 2015 study, published Perspectives on Psychological Science, you can still be socially isolated even if you don't feel lonely. And the ensuing risk of mortality is up there with alcoholism and smoking 15 cigarettes a day.
Seems ridiculous, doesn't it? Especially when it's easier than ever to stay in touch with technology, and remain constantly tuned into what our friends are doing. To be honest, sometimes I find it overwhelming and actually crave that peaceful isolation.
This, suggests cultural analyst Sherry Turkle, is exactly the problem.
In her TED talk, Turkle explains that all these ‘sips' of communication, even in the quantities we consume, still don't add up to a big gulp of real conversation. Our technologically enhanced connectivity is a poor substitute for a real human connection, yet we consistently turn to it out of habit or desire for entertainment and distraction, leaving us isolated even as we continue to stay in touch.
It's not that we intend to become withdrawn; that's just a natural byproduct of overdoing the solitude, and falling back on digital products to replace analog contact.
A bit of this, a bit of that
Let's balance things out a bit, shall we? Solitude isn't bad. Making an effort to spend time with yourself and enjoy your own company can offer a world of benefits, especially if you're naturally predisposed to needing lots of time alone.
The internet isn't bad either. And nor is social media. Where people already suffer from social isolation and loneliness, maintaining contact online can go a long way in reducing the probability of depression, to the point where it's now deemed healthy for the elderly.
But you know what else isn't bad? Seeing people. Hanging out. Lessons from Rat Park suggest that not even chemical coercion can defeat genuine social bonds and healthy emotional support. Well, in rats, anyway.
So, if you're like me and have a penchant for solitude; if you're generally low on extroversion and default away from social gatherings; if you're prone to information overload and feed a mild obsession with switching off, remember to take a break from soloing every now and then. And contact someone for real.
I have a part-time job now. Spending two days a week with creative, nerdy people has done wonders for my well-being. It's a big enough window to have real, healthy human contact. And a small enough portion of my week to give me the right amount of solitude.
This aside, my study room is comfortable. Some days, I still can't bear to leave it. My books are there; my craft supplies, games, endless access to social media and Slack channels – almost everything I need.
But only almost.
Sandy is a writer and maker from Perth, Western Australia. She keeps busy with homesteading, horticulture, football, martial arts, games, code, tinkering, DIY, fussing the cats, and drinking tea. She blogs long things at sanlive.com and tweets short things at @sandysandy.
Advertisements
It's no longer possible to disable safe mode after Firefox 39 because of the removal of the distribution directory.
So lots of people are having trouble disabling safe mode using my earlier instructions and I discovered it is because of problems overlaying the dialog. So here are some new instructions that should work for everyone.
First, create a disablesafemode directory in distribution/bundles where the Firefox executable is located (you'll probable have to create the distribution and bundles directories as well). Then create a file called chrome.manifest that looks like this:
content disablesafemode content/ override chrome://browser/content/safeMode.xul chrome://disablesafemode/content/safeMode.xul
Then create a subdirectory called content. In that directory, create a file called safeMode.xul that looks like this:
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?> <?xml-stylesheet href="chrome://global/skin/"?> <dialog xmlns="http://www.mozilla.org/keymaster/gatekeeper/there.is.only.xul" id="safeModeDialog" buttons="," ondialogcancel="closeFirefox();"> <script type="application/x-javascript;version=1.7"> <![CDATA[ function closeFirefox() { Components.utils.import("resource://gre/modules/Services.jsm"); Services.startup.quit(Services.startup.eForceQuit); } ]]> </script> <description> Safe Mode has been disabled. </description> </dialog>
This will cause a dialog to be shown instead of the safe mode dialog that when the user closes, will simply close Firefox. If you'd prefer to show no dialog at all, change ondialogcancel to onload .
I've tested this a lot, and it is working for me. Please let me know if you have problems.
Image: Tim Sheerman-Chase/Flickr
Earlier this year, Elon Musk unveiled his grand plan for Neuralink, his foray into creating a brain-machine interface that would allow users to control computers with their minds. While this announcement immediately spawned fantasies of a future that looked uncomfortably like Ghost in the Shell, other versions of brain-machine interfaces (BMIs) have been in use for a while. Already, researchers are using BMIs for everything from restoring limb movement for paralyzed patients to racing drones.
Existing BMI technology is impressive, but still in its infancy. According to a new paper published today in Science by an international team of researchers, it's not too early to start addressing the host of ethical issues that are raised when people control computers with their minds.
"Although effortless interactions between mind and machine seem intuitively appealing, creating direct links between a digital machine and our brain may dangerously limit or suspend our capacity to control the interaction between 'inner' personal worlds and outer worlds," the authors write. "For many, such a scenario raises fundamental, even existential, fears—including the fear of losing privacy and autonomy and of self-dissolution."
Although the authors recognize that fears of machine-orchestrated self-dissolution might seem exaggerated considering the current state-of-the-art BMI tech, they also note that "given the exponential growth of the field over the last decades, we should anticipate that technological feasibilities might change rapidly."
Just like the rise of self-driving cars revived the old "trolley problem" of moral philosophy, BMIs come with their own suite of ethical issues. In the first place, there is the problem of responsibility. Although the authors acknowledge that BMIs might be seen as just another tool, unlike a hammer, these tools have a number of autonomous components within them. If you smash a window with a hammer, it's clear that the fault lies with on the person who wielded it. But if you think about smashing a window with a hammer while wired into a BMI, without any intention of actually smashing the window, and this triggers your autonomous robot to go break the nearest window with its onboard hammer, well—it's much less clear who is at fault.
To tackle the issue of accountability when the first injury to result from human-robot symbiosis arises, the authors imagine a system that would require the user to approve or veto any unwanted actions on the part of the machine they are interfacing with. This is kind of like how a driver has the option to press the brakes when a pedestrian walks in front of their car: The option they take will ultimately decide whether or not they are at fault in an accident. BMI users would use an eye-scanning system to approve or veto robot actions. This would be less effective in the case of a faulty robot, but manufacturers and the law already take the risk of products into account. There would simply have to be a new risk-assessment regime created for BMI tech.
Image: Wyss Center
A second major issue is privacy. BMIs have the potential to expose way more neural data than a user is comfortable with. We already store a vast majority of our personal lives on computers that are vulnerable to being hacked and there's not much reason to think that BMIs would be any less threatened.
Already, researchers have demonstrated the ability to hack implants like insulin pumps and cardiac defibrillators—both of which could result in the death of their user if manipulated with malicious intent. Also, it would be possible for a hacker to intercept and manipulate biological signals that have been converted into digital ones, such as Bluetooth or Wi-Fi. Unfortunately, as the authors write, "there is, to our knowledge, no established technological solution to this problem."
According to the authors, BMI companies pose some of the greatest threats to users' privacy. There's little reason to think that brain data won't be bought and sold just like all of our other personal information we already provide on the internet, and the authors argue that BMI technology companies must develop clear and ethical guidelines about how brain data from their users will be stored and used.
Read More: How Hackers Could Get Into Your Head With Brain Malware
Still, the researchers write that there are lessons to be learned from current technologies, which use encryption protocols to protect data. The question, then, is what kind of encryption will be needed to protect our brainwaves? The authors of the Science paper call for more research into secure neural engineering, or neurosecurity, to prevent against unauthorized manipulation of neural data, or "brainjacking".
For now, there are more ethical questions about BMIs than answers. This technology shows promise in helping treat everything from paralysis to concentration disorders, and a number of other possible applications are likely to emerge as BMIs becomes more sophisticated.
But if we want to avoid a future where the latest global malware wave results in millions of people getting brainjacked until they can pay a bitcoin ransom, we need to start laying the foundations for human-machine symbiosis now.
Nobody wants bad news. You ask me how I am doing today, and I smile briefly, and say fine. I turn quickly so you don't see the tears starting to fall. A lump forms in my throat, as I still see you sitting beside me, like it was yesterday, us both talking and laughing over iced tea. You combed my hair after my bath. You bought me pretty ribbons for my hair. You tucked me in at nights and told me beautiful bed time stories. We went school shopping and I tried on lots of dresses. We went and got ice cream afterwards. You cried when you saw me receive my kindergarten graduation diploma. Learning to ride my bike wasn't that bad, because you ran the whole way with me until the tires didn't wiggle anymore. Kissing boo boos and big hugs was your specialty. The smell of chocolate chip cookies drifting through my nose as I came home from school. Vacations to Disney World will never be forgotten. I whispered in your ear, that I was in love. You helped me buy my first prom dress. You held me when my heart was broken. You were there when I said I Do. I saw another tear, a tear of joy. You were the first to hold your grandchild. Another tear streamed down your face from joy. You ask me how I am doing today, and I smile briefly, and say fine. I turn quickly as another tear begins to fall, and this time it is mine. My mama has been gone one year ago today.
Dedicated to Trina
41.238100 -85.853047
Advertisements
Craig Newmark is the founder of craigslist. He is a self-described nerd, web pioneer, speaker, philanthropist, and advocate of technology for the public good. Craig has had an illustrious career, but it's not widely known that he's also a longtime podcast enthusiast, and a Radiotopia lover. When we dropped him an email, Craig told us, “I love the written word, and hearing it performed across areas that fascinate me. That includes storytelling, history, and comedy. With podcasts, I get to enjoy whenever I like.”
We talked to Craig about some of his favorites.
What is your go-to podcast and why?
That'd be a combination of WTF with Marc Maron, Judge John Hodgman, and Welcome to Nightvale. That included The Thrilling Adventure Hour [now sunsetted]; I miss it a lot.
All very smart, funny, and articulate.
What show do you fall asleep to?
Most often it's WTF; it depends on what's newly available, and my mood.
What show do you wake up to?
I might complete what I had been listening to while sleeping, but then I go to either NPR One, or the local streams from KQED, WNYC, or WAMU, depending on where I am.
What is your favorite listening environment?
In bed, or walking to work.
What show do you rave to your friends about?
WTF, Welcome to Nightvale, The History of English, The History of Rome, The Thrilling Adventure Hour. Those are what come up in conversation.
How would you describe a podcast to a six-year-old?
It's people talking, like radio, whenever you feel like listening. (Not sure if six-year-olds know what radio is).
Who is your favorite podcast personality?
A combination of Cecil Baldwin, Marc Maron, John Hodgman, Mike Duncan.
If you were to start your own podcast what would the subject be?
Maybe what being a 1950's, old-school nerd is about, but that subject is limited.
What is a podcast that doesn't currently exist that you think should?
I need something that I enjoyed as much as The Thrilling Adventure Hour or The Bugle.
If you're not listening to a podcast, what do you put on to listen to?
Mostly NPR One, or the local streams from KQED, WNYC, or WAMU, depending on where I am.
The ScrumMaster role might be the more difficult to define among the three role involved in Scrum. Starting from a “bad” ScrumMaster job description, Sam Laing discusses errors to avoid when you create such a role specification. As a bonus, she adds at the end a good ScrumMaster job description.
Author : Sam Laing, Growing Agile, http://growingagile.co.za/
This morning I received a ScrumMaster job description. About 5 years ago these were really bad, essentially Project Manager jobs with a different name. They have gotten better and I am even noticing words like collaboration and facilitation. The one I read this morning caught my attention as the opening paragraph was great and then it got weird. Anyway. I decided it was worth debunking each Key Responsibility and highlighting whose responsibility that is in Scrum and why.
(NOTE: there are some good job descriptions – I've included one at the bottom of this post)
Key responsibilities
– Run daily, weekly and monthly agile rituals efficiently and strictly
I agree the ScrumMaster (SM) should ensure these are happening, however it is not their responsibility to run them. If they are not happening the SM should figure out why and help solve the underlying impediment.
– Tracks work progress to identify blockages and developer divergence from allocated tasks
The team tracks their own progress during the sprint and also allocates tasks themselves. The Product Owner (PO) tracks work progress against the release or product. The SM should note blockages and divergence and help the team and PO to solve these impediments.
– Blocks Business, Operational Staff and Product owners from interference with Development Structure
Uh no. Just no. An SM needs to encourage communication with Business, Ops and PO's, not block it. Find a way to allow effective communication to happen with all parties and encourage that it keeps happening. If there is ‘interference' then the SM should dig deeper to solve the underlying problem of why interference is needed.
– Polices channels for submission of development work requests
What? No. The PO is responsible for all work that the team receives, thus if there are multiple channels to monitor it should be the POs responsibility. What the SM could do here is help resolve the multiple channels, into something simpler and easy for the PO to manage.
– Implements structure changes and strategy that are generated by agile retrospectives
Actions from the retrospective are for the team to own, action and do. The SM might note larger impediments and start working on those.
– High velocity communicator – making sure that all information regarding changes in scope, delays and other detrimental events are communicated to those involved with the piece of work as soon as they arise
Yes the SM should be a great communicator, but detrimental events should be communicated by the team and the PO. Changes in Scope should be a discussion with the PO and the team. If these detrimental events occur often, then the SM should be looking at solving the causes of this. Likewise if scope is changing mid sprint often, the SM might focus on having more grooming sessions and look into some techniques to use in grooming to prevent this happening mid-sprint.
– Blocks stories that do not contain the right level of detail from entering the Dev Structure
Uh no. If the team doesn't have enough detail then they should explain that during grooming and not commit to taking in the story during sprint planning. If the SM notices that the story seems vague they can ask questions to help the team surface these assumptions and questions.
– Blocks changes to work once in development without following the proper re-evaluation process
Uh no. Change is encouraged as is feedback in Scrum. Should something change mid-sprint, if the team feels they can accommodate the change without it affecting their sprint commitment – excellent it is in. If the team feels they can't take on the change and make their commitment – the PO decides what is more important and drops stories from the sprint.
– Removes blockers with extreme prejudice when raised by development team
To be fair, I am not sure what “with extreme prejudice” means in this context. Anything preventing the team from going as fast as possible is an impediment. The SM's job is to ensure these are removed, but not necessarily by removing impediments themselves, they can help the team and PO to remove these themselves if possible.
Essential Skills and competencies
– Certified ScrumMaster
There are many other certification schemes than just a CSM. So if you're screening based on these 3 letters you're making a mistake. Plus all this means is I sat in a class for 2 days. Seriously HOW is that essential to being a good SM?
– Tertiary Degree in Commerce, IT or Engineering
Why do you need a degree to be an SM? You require communication and people skills in buckets. Commerce, IT and Engineering may help you understand jargon but it also means you make assumptions when working with tech teams. By the way – Scrum is not just for Tech teams. Some of the best SM's I know have no techie background. So making this an essential requirement is odd and short sighted.
– 3-5 years as ScrumMaster or Agile Project Manager
Experience as an SM is great to have. As for Agile Project Manager – I don't know what that is but I can tell you the skills to be a Project Manager and the skills to be a great SM are VERY different. If you have a PM becoming an SM, then they need to unlearn many things. This is not impossible, just very difficult.
– 5 years in Agile Development Environment
As above any experience is important. Even if its experience in doing this agile thing badly – it all helps.
– Strong communicator
More importantly an effective communicator. SM need to be able to communicate in many different forms and with many different people.
– Experience running Scrum with JIRA
This is probably important to this company. More important is that the SM knows various tools and how to simplify them and use them for what they are good for. Sadly most JIRA implementations try and enforce a process and thus end up becoming hugely overcomplicated things. The SM should try and remove this impediment – there are many ways to do this. Also the SM should not be using JIRA. This tool is for the team and the PO to visualize work and then act on the info.
A great ScrumMaster job description
I got this job description for an SM here and have pasted it in, as the ad will probably be removed at some point. The same people have written a blog post on what makes a good ScrumMaster job description, a very good read.
Your tasks
* Guide and coach the team and organization to follow Agile/Scrum practices
* Guide and coach the team to become self-organized
* Help the team assess their ‘Scrum Maturity' and higher levels of maturity
* Improve transparency within the team
* Remove impediments
* Guide the team to find the right person within the organization that can help them
* Build a safe and trusting environment where conflicts can be managed in a healthy way without fear of blame
* Be responsible for supporting and coaching the Product Owner on Agile/Scrum practices
Your profile
* Experienced in a ScrumMaster role for at least two years for a software development team
* Good skills and knowledge of facilitation, continuous improvement, empowerment, transparency and servant leadership
* Knowledge of Agile approaches – Kanban, Scrum, XP, etc.
* Knowledge and experience with Agile techniques – Automated Testing, User Stories, TDD, Continuous Integration, Testing, Pairing, Agile Games, etc.
You will notice this job specification has much more emphasis on the coaching aspect of the SM, and on responsibility of growing the team. The experience also mentions various agile approaches and techniques. Much more important than a certification or degree.
About the author
Samantha Laing is an Agile coach for Growing Agile. She focuses on helping teams improve the way they work using agile techniques. She provides a mix of coaching and training to help organizations find their right path. This article has been originally published on http://www.growingagile.co.za/2016/09/the-big-scrum-master-misunderstanding/ and is reproduced here with permission.
The Senate GOP's effort to overhaul the health-care system collapsed this week when multiple Republican senators came out against both the revamped bill and the idea of repealing Obamacare and letting the markets "fail" before replacing it. (Jenny Starrs/The Washington Post)
Monday night brought one of the most embarrassing blows Mitch McConnell has endured in his 2½ years as Senate majority leader.
Two more Republican senators came out against McConnell's bill to overhaul the Affordable Care Act, effectively dooming the latest version. That forced the Kentucky Republican to confront a difficult question with no good answers: What now?
That didn't stop McConnell from crafting a 90-word written statement that took some of the Hill's most seasoned veterans hours to decipher. For this move, McConnell appeared to be issuing a dare.
The effort to “repeal and immediately replace” Obamacare “will not be successful,” McConnell admitted. In its place in the coming days, he would call for a vote to open debate on the House-passed bill — unpopular among most senators — with the aim of amending that bill with the straight-up repeal bill that his more conservative members desire.
He was giving the conservatives the chance to vote on a straight-up repeal. But first they would have to record their vote for a House bill they loathe. There would be no guarantee that the amendment to repeal would pass — and no guarantee that other, less welcoming amendments would fail.
If hard-right conservative senators vote no to starting debate and the effort quickly collapses, McConnell can come back at them and blame them. He is likely to try shifting the blame onto others, and he has given himself a new talking point to counter the “clean repeal” crowd — including President Trump.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell arrives on Capitol Hill Monday. (AP)
If they vote yes — and enough moderates join them to start the debate — then suddenly they're back on track, at the table debating legislation that has at least some chance of passing in some form.
But don't count on the latter scenario ever happening.
Even if the Senate got to a clean repeal vote, it wouldn't be likely to pass. Moderates are petrified of voting for repeal-only legislation. Even some conservatives suggested Monday that the better idea is to completely start over again with a new effort led by the committees. So why would the conservatives go out on a limb for something that isn't expected to actually become law? And if they do, why would the moderates join them in voting to proceed to debate on something they don't like?
Sure, pure repeal passed back in 2015. But the stakes were lower back then. Barack Obama was president, and he wasn't ever going to sign a bill that undid his signature law. So Republicans were free to vote for it with little on the line.
Now, there's a lot on the line — which is why moderate Republicans have openly worried that the current Senate bill goes too far in attacking Obamacare. How are they supposed to support an even more aggressive repeal? And if indeed they don't, they could get some blame for the collapse of the repeal effort.
What's less clear at this point is McConnell's longer game. If this doesn't work out, will he move on to other matters? Follow through on his threats to work with Democrats on narrower changes, which were seen as ways to try to pressure conservatives not to let this fail? We'll find out soon.
There are no longer any good outcomes for McConnell — politically speaking. There are bad ones and less bad ones. And putting the onus on other senators means there will be more blame to go around when all of it comes to an end.
Final serving for North Star Luby's A tenant at the mall since 1960, the eatery is closing today.
Customers walk out of the North Star Mall Luby's Thursday Dec. 29, 2011. The chain announced it would be closing the location after 50 years due to rent increases. Customers walk out of the North Star Mall Luby's Thursday Dec. 29, 2011. The chain announced it would be closing the location after 50 years due to rent increases. Photo: HELEN L. MONTOYA, SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS-NEWS Photo: HELEN L. MONTOYA, SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS-NEWS Image 1 of / 7 Caption Close Finals serving for North Star Luby's 1 / 7 Back to Gallery
For Bennett Stampes, it was a ritual to meet a group of friends every Thursday morning at the Luby's at North Star Mall. But this week, he found out it would be the last time they'd be able to meet there.
He and about 30 other members of the North Star Mall Walkers, a local exercise group, gathered at the Luby's on Thursday morning and were told the chain's oldest operating restaurant would shut its doors forever at the close of business today.
“I was certainly crushed this morning when they told us,” said Stampes, 87. “I felt so sorry for the employees there. I wish I owned a business that I could help put them all to work. It was a great thing that we had a place to meet there, and now we have to find another place to meet.”
The Luby's management and staff at the North Star location were told Tuesday morning that the company would shutter the restaurant. Employees were told the location would close because the lease expired and the cost to renew was expected to double, said Nick Prosser, an associate manager there.
It opened in 1960, the same year the mall opened. After the North Star Luby's closes, the location at 1215 S. 10th St. in McAllen will become the oldest restaurant companywide. It was unclear when that location opened.
Although the employees were saddened by the news, they weren't too surprised to hear about the closure, Prosser added.
“It was definitely sad. We're like a big family here and a few people cried,” Prosser said about employees hearing the news. “But I saw the writing on the wall before that. It's not a huge shock to the employees as it is to the customers.”
The North Star Luby's was profitable, being the second-busiest location in the city, Prosser added.
So far, about five of the restaurant's 54 employees have secured jobs at other locations, Prosser said.
The remaining employees have not been guaranteed jobs elsewhere with the company. They will be given a severance package and recommendation letter and can apply at other locations, Prosser said.
One other Luby's location, in Houston, also is set to close, chain spokeswoman Toni Niece said. When that location will shut down and which Houston outlet it is weren't released.
No other closures were expected in San Antonio. There are 12 locations in addition to the North Star site.
Niece also said the company was looking into opening another Luby's in San Antonio, but that a site hasn't been identified.
General Growth Properties Inc., a Chicago-based real estate investment trust, owns the mall. No one at the mall office was available for comment and calls to company officials weren't returned.
General Growth Properties owns several malls that are home to about 24,000 stores. Along with North Star Mall, the company also owns The Shops at La Cantera.
Late last year, General Growth Properties emerged from the largest real estate bankruptcy in U.S. history, Bloomberg reported in April. Before filing for bankruptcy in 2009, the company owed $27 billion. Since then, the trust has struggled to regain profitability, posting a $1.4 billion loss in 2010 and a $1.3 billion loss in 2009, Bloomberg reported.
On Thursday at North Star Mall, it was business as usual at Luby's.
Patrons stood in a line that stretched outside the restaurant's front entrance. Tables filled up quickly inside the restaurant and in its indoor patio where patrons enjoying their Luanne Platters while doing some people watching as post-holiday shoppers hunted for bargains.
There were no signs posted anywhere inside the restaurant to inform people about the news, leaving many patrons unaware of the closing.
Mary Lou Allen was one of them.
After moving to San Antonio from Chicago 30 years ago, the North Star Luby's has been a place she frequents, she said after finishing her lunch there on Thursday. She remembered that when her in-laws would visit, Luby's always was their first stop. And all these years later, she still manages to make it in at least once a week, she said.
“I hate to see them leave here; they're a staple at this mall,” the retired city worker said. “To me, there's really no other place to eat in the mall other than the food court and I won't eat there. It's a shame.”
A.S. Byatt's “The July Ghost” is one of her best stories, and everyone knows W.F. Harvey's classic short-short “August Heat,” but, in general, we don't immediately associate long, sunshiny days with tales of the supernatural. Yet think of campfire ghost stories and urban legends such as the Hook, as well as innumerable teen horror flicks. An occasional chill obviously makes summer's fiendish temperatures more bearable.
These days, if you're looking for literary shocks and shivers, you need to check out the specialty presses. That's where the action is. What follows here is little more than a list of some significant recent titles, so do visit the easily findable homepages of these publishers to learn more about what they offer aficionados of the uncanny.
Night Shade Books's “The Best Horror of the Year: Volume Six” (paperback, $15.99) is edited by the field's leading anthologist, Ellen Datlow. As usual, Datlow delivers what she promises, “the best horror of the year,” whether it's written by the famous (Neil Gaiman) or the should-be famous (Laird Barron and many others). The book opens with a 40-page “Summation: 2013,” in which Datlow discusses awards, novels, movies, comics, magazines and much more.
This month, Fedogan and Bremer is publishing “Ana Kai Tangata: Tales of the Outer the Other the Damned and the Doomed” ($30), by Scott Nicolay, a debut collection enthusiastically introduced by the aforementioned Laird Barron. Among Nikolay's influences, says Barron, are the revered Angela Carter and Robert Aickman, my own two favorite writers of mid-20th-century dark fantasy. Another recent offering from Fedogan and Bremer is “Searchers After Horror: New Tales of the Weird and Fantastic” ($30), edited by noted Lovecraft scholar S.T. Joshi. An exceptionally handsome volume, it is best described in a blurb from T.E.D. Klein, the former editor of Twilight Zone magazine: Here “classic horror elements — sinister rural communities, lonely stretches of highway, shadowy catacombs, and old houses both decrepit and (maybe) deserted: doom haunted, or (just plain doomed) protagonists, apocalyptic artwork, demonic rites and even several nods to the [Cthulhu] Mythos . . . take on startling and unexpected new forms. . . . I henceforth intend to steer clear of crawdads and ice-fishing shacks.”
More than just a nod to the Cthulhu Mythos is “Lovecraft's Monsters” (paperback, $16.95) from Tachyon Publications, edited by Ellen Datlow (who apparently never sleeps and is probably never seen in daylight). In this collection, she reprints some of the best Lovecraftian short fiction of the past 30 years, ranging from Howard Waldrop and Steven Utley's “Black as the Pit, From Pole to Pole” (1977) to John Langan's “Children of the Fang” (2014). Between are stories by such notable shockmeisters as Thomas Ligotti, Steve Rasnic Tem, Caitlin R. Kiernan, Joe R. Lansdale and Fred Chappell (not his classic “The Adder” but his almost novella-length “Remnants”).
“The Monkey's Other Paw” (paperback, $13.95), edited by Luis Ortiz for Nonstop Press, offers stories in which 13 contemporary writers re-imagine or pay tribute to the work of various classic horror authors. Don Webb's “The Doom That Came to Devil's Reef” opens quietly: “Among Lovecraft's papers at Brown University was a large manila envelope containing . . .” and then reveals what may be the true origins of “The Shadow Over Innsmouth.” Scott Edelman's “A Most Extraordinary Man” neatly imagines a sequel to Saki's most famous and witty shocker, “The Open Window.” Set against the loneliness of New York City, and in homage to Dylan Thomas's “The Followers,” Paul Di Filippo's “Ghostless” focuses on a spectral matchmaking service for ghosts and mortals.
Centipede Press is known for its sumptuous editions, such as the recent volume devoted to Carl Jacobi in its series “Masters of the Weird Tale.” But Centipede also publishes “Studies in the Horror Film” (the most recent title is “Tobe Hooper's ‘Salem's Lot' ”) and has just launched the “Library of Weird Fiction.” The first four volumes — Edgar Allan Poe , H.P. Lovecraft , Algernon Blackwood and William Hope Hodgson ($50 each) — are edited by the redoubtable S.T. Joshi and feature the best supernatural stories and novels of these masters of the genre. The books are hefty (around 800 pages each), but pleasant to hold, and the type is easy to read. Highly recommended.
S.T. Joshi — he's everywhere — also oversees “Studies in Supernatural Literature,” an academic series published by Rowman & Littlefield. If you find yourself growing seriously interested in horror and gothic fantasy, you will want to check out James Goho's “Journeys into Darkness: Critical Essays on Gothic Horror,” as well as “Ramsey Campbell: Critical Essays on the Modern Master of Horror,” edited by Gary William Crawford; “Lovecraft and Influence: His Predecessors and Successors,” edited by Robert H. Waugh; and, coming in August, “Disorders of Magnitude: A Survey of Dark Fantasy,” by Jason V. Brock. These are pricey books — $75 to $100 — but some titles, such as “Lord Dunsany: A Comprehensive Bibliography,” edited by Joshi and Darrell Schweitzer, are worth saving up for.
More affordable, though, are the paperback reissues from Ramble House. Emphasizing the shudder-pulp tradition, Ramble House and its related imprints, Surinam Turtle Press and Dancing Tuatara Press, highlight such authors as Greye La Spina, Wyatt Blassingame, John Knox, Jack Mann and many, many others. Here one can find, for example, the legendary rarity “The Subjugated Beast” ($20), by R.R. Ryan, and the stories of Tod Robbins, one of which — “Spurs” — became the notorious film “Freaks.” And who would want to live another day without Arthur M. Scarm's “The Werewolf vs. The Vampire Woman” ($18), regarded by many aficionados as the worst horror novel of all time?
Over the past year or two, Valancourt Books has been reprinting in trade paperback the novels of John Blackburn, arguably the best British writer of occult thrillers and horror stories during the 1950s and '60s. Particularly noteworthy are “A Scent of New-Mown Hay” ($16.99) and “Children of the Night” ($14.99). Valancourt also reissues legendary works like Florence Marryat's 1897 shocker, “The Blood of the Vampire” ($17.99), and modern semi-classics such as Stephen Gilbert's “Ratman's Notebooks” ($16.99), the basis for the cult film “Willard.”
The publications of the Swan River Press are handsome, beautifully made volumes, a bit larger than rack-size paperback, and altogether irresistible. “Here With the Shadows” ($40) collects 15 recent stories by a grandmaster of the macabre, Steve Rasnic Tem, while R.B. Russell's “The Dark Return of Time” ($40) is a short thriller that opens in a shop selling second-hand books in Paris. What could be better? Incidentally, when not writing fiction, Russell is co-owner of Tartarus Press, which publishes classic supernatural fiction (Arthur Machen, Edith Wharton) and contemporary fantasy, most recently Nike Sulway's “Rupetta” ($25), winner of this year's James Tiptree Award.
Ever since Algernon Blackwood's “The Wendigo,” some of our best eerie fiction is set in Canada. That's still true. Recent paperbacks by authors to our north include Simon Strantzas's “Nightingale Songs” (Dark Regions, $17.95) and “Burnt Black Suns” (Hippocampus , $20); Rio Youers's “Westlake Soul” (ChiZine, $15.95); Richard Gavin's “At Fear's Altar” (Hippocampus, $20); and Ian Rogers's “Every House Is Haunted” (ChiZine, $15.95) and “SuperNoirtural Tales” (Burning Effigy, $15.95). It hardly needs pointing out that Canadians know everything about being chilled to the bone.
Dirda reviews books for The Washington Post every Thursday.
Nashville utilized a less-experienced roster that, according to Preds Head Coach Peter Laviolette, was dressed with the intention of evaluating players on the cusp of making the opening night roster.
Austin Watson scored the lone goal for the Preds, while Lightning goaltender Andrei Vasilevskiy turned away all but one of the 30 shots he faced in a game that saw the preseason debuts of Steven Stamkos, after missing the last nine months due to injury, and Victor Hedman.
"We're still in a big time evaluation process of young players and you want to see the young kids being put in situations where they get opportunities," Laviolette said. "I thought Miikka Salomaki had another good game; [Colton] Sissons had a good game. I thought Samuel Girard and Yannick Weber were really good on the backend, Juuse Saros was really good.
"We're here, again, evaluating the young talent, the people trying to move up the lineup and for that I thought it was good. I thought our guys competed really hard tonight, shots are pretty even, chances were even, they won it on the scoreboard."
Hedman opened the scoring on the Lightning's first shot of the contest by directing a feed between the pads of Saros. Later in the first, Nikita Kucherov collected his second point of the night by burying a puck just to the left of the Predators' net, with the Lightning on a 5-on-3 power play.
Early in the third period, Yanni Gourde notched his first of the preseason to up Tampa's advantage to 3-0.
It took until the final six minutes of regulation for the Preds to solve Vasilevskiy, when Watson aimed a one-timer high and past the keeper's blocker.
"I thought we worked hard, we worked hard for 60 minutes," Watson, whose goal was his first of the preseason, said. "The effort was great and you can clean up some systems things. Going into this game, our goal is to win it, that's the only thing that there is. We understand that there are some differences in lineups, but we go into every game thinking we're going to win. We didn't do enough tonight, but I thought everybody competed really hard."
With the preseason now halfway over for Nashville and another game coming up on Sunday afternoon in Columbus, Watson said he wants to see a commitment to hard work for the team, regardless of personnel.
"I just want us to continue to work," he said. "We ended the year on such a positive, yet negative way, coming into it now we have high expectations for ourselves. We know what we're capable of. We just need to keep working this preseason here to get our game on track and be ready to go game one (against the Boston Bruins)."
Notes:
Juuse Saros started his second game of the preseason, making 26 saves in the loss.
The Predators went 0-for-7 on the power play, including a chance with a 5-on-3 man advantage.
Nashville debuted their ADIZERO road jerseys in their game against the Lightning.
Next up for the Predators is their second and final preseason game on the road when they face the Blue Jackets at Nationwide Arena on Sunday at 2 p.m. (CT). The game will be streamed on NashvillePredators.com and may be heard on 102.5 The Game.
The preseason slate will wrap up at the end of next week with home games against the Blue Jackets and Lightning on Thursday and Saturday, respectively. To purchase tickets, click here.
VICTORY: Finland Animal Activists Acquitted on Nearly All Counts for Exposing Factory Farms
Two animal rights activists in Finland have been found not guilty on nearly all charges related to their undercover investigations of factory farms, which revealed sick, injured, and dying pigs.
Karry Hedberg and Saila Kivelä of Oikeutta Eläimille (Justice for Animals) were charged with “aggravated defamation” because of their exposés.
According to Finnish news outlet Helsingin Sanoma.
…the court found that the aim of the defendants was to raise critical debate on the conditions in which pigs are kept in Finland. With that in mind, they had recorded material which was disadvantageous from the point of view of the owners of the piggeries. As it had not been asserted that the recordings had been doctored in any way, the court found that selective use of camera angles could not be seen to constitute false or suggestive information. In the view of the court, freedom of speech needs to be considered, even though the pig farms were depicted in a negative light in interviews
In other words, the videos and websites the group created were free speech, and did not qualify as “defamation” because they were accurate depictions of the cruelty of factory farms aimed to “raise critical debate.”
Hedberg was given a 20-day suspended sentence because he trespassed in order to create one of the videos.
This is major victory against “Green Scare” style court cases in Finland, and let's hope it's foreshadowing of what will happen in the case of the Spanish 12 and ag-gag bills in the United States.
It was a banner year for Mobile World Congress (more commonly known as MWC to attendees), the annual conference for all things mobile related. The GSMA, the organization that puts on the show every year, will surely release attendance numbers and other data in a few weeks, but I have no reason to suspect there were fewer people here than last year's 85,000 attendees. Those thousands of attendees weren't disappointed: this year's show was the most exciting and interesting MWC in years, and not in the ways that you might expect.
All of the usual things we've expected to see at MWC were here in force this year. There were major smartphone announcements that will be important for the millions of people buying new phones over the next few months. Massive show floor booths housed countless infrastructure companies and business solutions providers with names most people have never heard of but are worth billions of dollars. And of course, there were plenty of smartwatches of every kind. So many smartwatches.
This year saw an explosion of interest in VR
But while all of those things have been staples of MWC for a long time, this year saw an explosion of interest in virtual reality, which is more associated with the Game Developer Conference held concurrently in California. It almost felt like there was more VR stuff here at MWC than there was two months ago at CES, which includes a much broader range of technology products.
In some cases, these VR systems require a phone to work. Samsung showed off its latest take on its Gear VR, for instance, which works with the new Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge smartphones. It's an improved version of the concept the company first introduced last fall, and it represents what may be the most likely way consumers will first experience modern VR systems.
Other VR systems at MWC, though, were completely phone-free. There were numerous booths filled with small software companies showing demos on Oculus Rift headsets, which need to be plugged into PCs in order to function. That's not very mobile at all.
There were companies pitching VR headsets for business applications and video chatting, demonstrating that there's some crossover potential for the technology, which most people associate with leisure and gaming.
Most attendees would say the most impressive product at MWC wasn't a smartphone or a smartwatch
But most journalists that were here at MWC would say the most impressive thing they saw wasn't Samsung's new and greatly improved Galaxy smartphone, or Huawei's surprisingly impressive take on Android Wear. It was HTC's Vive, a surprise announcement from a company that until now was entirely focused on mobile devices.
The Vive, born out of a partnership with Valve, is a new VR headset packed with innovative sensors and motion tracking that addresses many of the complaints people have had with other recent VR headsets. It uses lasers to track your location in a space and can prevent you from walking into real-world objects while you're immersed in a fantasy world. Valve's Gabe Newell even went so far as to say that "zero percent of people" will get sick using the Vive thanks to its head-tracking capabilities. That's a bold claim, but it's a real issue for many people, who get nauseous after just a few minutes in other VR headsets. It's one of the major hurdles that VR will need to overcome if it's ever going to get mainstream adoption.
Unlike the Oculus, which uses a traditional gaming controller, or the Gear VR, which relies entirely on head motion and a touchpad on the side of the headset, the Vive works with peripherals that can map your limbs in space and allow you to perform actions such as painting on a canvas. Bringing your limbs into the equation does so much to increase the perception that the virtual world is real; it'd be surprising if other VR headset makers didn't adopt a similar approach.
Perhaps most surprising, since the Vive comes from HTC, is that it doesn't use a smartphone at all and actually needs to be plugged into a PC in order to function, just like the Oculus.
Perhaps most surprising is the HTC Vive isn't even a mobile device
VR's explosion at MWC this year highlights where we're at with mobile technology and technology in general. Smartphones are so pervasive, so common, that even major new device announcements from the largest companies in the world don't engender the same excitement they might have a few years ago. Samsung will surely sell more Galaxy S6 smartphones this year than all of the VR headset makers combined have to date. But for lovers of technology, what's more exciting: a new smartphone that's just marginally better than last year's model or an entirely new experience unlike anything before it? Based on the buzz surrounding HTC's Vive (which isn't even a finished product), the answer to that question is clear.
It's exciting to see shows like MWC act more than platforms for new technology concepts and less for everyday commodity devices. The smartphones, smartwatches, and massive booths filled with infrastructure providers you've never heard of aren't going to go away any time soon. But I have a feeling they will be seeing more competition from futuristic concepts and entirely new ideas as each year passes. And for that, I'm eager to see what will be at MWC next year.
Plot Edit
Psychiatrist Dr. Hill is called to the emergency room of a California hospital, where a screaming man is being held in custody. Dr. Hill agrees to listen to his story. The man identifies himself as a doctor, and he recounts, in flashback, the events leading up to his arrest and arrival at the hospital: In the nearby town of Santa Mira, Dr. Miles Bennell sees a number of patients apparently suffering from Capgras delusion – the belief that their relatives have somehow been replaced with identical-looking impostors. Returning from a trip, Miles meets his former girlfriend, Becky Driscoll, who has herself recently come back to town after a divorce. Becky's cousin Wilma has the same fear about her Uncle Ira, with whom she lives. Psychiatrist Dr. Dan Kauffman assures Bennell that these cases are merely an "epidemic of mass hysteria". That same evening, Bennell's friend, Jack Belicec, finds a body with his exact physical features, though it appears not fully developed; later, another body is found in Becky's basement that is her exact duplicate. When Bennell calls Kauffman to the scene, the bodies have mysteriously disappeared, and Kauffman informs Bennell that he is falling for the same hysteria. The following night, Bennell, Becky, Jack, and Jack's wife Teddy again find duplicates of themselves, emerging from giant seed pods in Dr. Bennell's greenhouse. They conclude that the townspeople are being replaced while asleep with exact physical copies. Miles tries to make a long distance call to federal authorities for help, but the phone operator claims that all long-distance lines are busy; Jack and Teddy drive off to seek help in the next town. Bennell and Becky discover that by now all of the town's inhabitants have been replaced and are devoid of humanity; they flee to Bennell's office to hide for the night. The next morning they see truckloads of the giant pods heading to neighboring towns to be planted and used to replace their populations. Kauffman and Jack, both of whom are "pod people" by now, arrive at Bennell's office and reveal that an extraterrestrial life form is responsible for the invasion. After their takeover, they explain, life loses its frustrating complexity, because all emotions and sense of individuality vanish. Bennell and Becky manage to escape, but are soon pursued by a crowd of "pod people". Exhausted, they manage to hide in an abandoned mine outside town. Bennell leaves a little later, coming upon a large greenhouse farm, where he discovers giant seed pods being grown by the hundreds. When Bennell kisses Becky after his return, he realizes, to his horror, that Becky fell asleep and is now one of them. As Bennell runs away, she sounds the alarm. He runs and runs, eventually finding himself on a crowded state highway. After seeing a transport truck bound for San Francisco and Los Angeles filled with the pods, he frantically screams at the passing motorists, "They're here already! You're next! You're next!" Dr. Hill and the on-duty doctor dismiss Bennell's account until a truck driver is wheeled into the emergency room after being badly injured in an accident. He was found in his wrecked truck buried under a load of giant seed pods. Finally believing Bennell's story, Dr. Hill calls for all roads in and out of Santa Mira to be barricaded, and alerts the FBI.
Cast Edit
Production Edit
Themes Edit
Some reviewers saw in the story a commentary on the dangers facing America for turning a blind eye to McCarthyism, "Leonard Maltin speaks of a McCarthy-era subtext."[19] or of bland conformity in postwar Eisenhower-era America. Others viewed it as an allegory for the loss of personal autonomy in the Soviet Union or communist systems in general.[20] For the BBC, David Wood summarized the circulating popular interpretations of the film as follows: "The sense of post-war, anti-communist paranoia is acute, as is the temptation to view the film as a metaphor for the tyranny of the McCarthy era."[21] Danny Peary in Cult Movies pointed out that the addition of the framing story had changed the film's stance from anti-McCarthyite to anti-communist.[17] Michael Dodd of The Missing Slate has called the movie "one of the most multifaceted horror films ever made", arguing that by "simultaneously exploiting the contemporary fear of infiltration by undesirable elements as well as a burgeoning concern over homeland totalitarianism in the wake of Senator Joseph McCarthy's notorious communist witch hunt, it may be the clearest window into the American psyche that horror cinema has ever provided".[22] In An Illustrated History of the Horror Film, Carlos Clarens saw a trend manifesting itself in science fiction films, dealing with dehumanization and fear of the loss of individual identity, being historically connected to the end of "the Korean War and the well publicized reports of brainwashing techniques".[23] Comparing Invasion of the Body Snatchers with Robert Aldrich's Kiss Me Deadly and Orson Welles' Touch of Evil, Brian Neve found a sense of disillusionment rather than straightforward messages, with all three films being "less radical in any positive sense than reflective of the decline of [the screenwriters'] great liberal hopes".[24] Despite a general agreement among film critics regarding these political connotations of the film, actor Kevin McCarthy said in an interview included on the 1998 DVD release that he felt no political allegory was intended. The interviewer stated that he had spoken with the author of the novel, Jack Finney, who professed no specific political allegory in the work. DVD commentary track, quoted in Feo Amante's homepage.[25] In his autobiography, I Thought We Were Making Movies, Not History, Walter Mirisch writes: "People began to read meanings into pictures that were never intended. The Invasion of the Body Snatchers is an example of that. I remember reading a magazine article arguing that the picture was intended as an allegory about the communist infiltration of America. From personal knowledge, neither Walter Wanger nor Don Siegel, who directed it, nor Dan Mainwaring, who wrote the script nor original author Jack Finney, nor myself saw it as anything other than a thriller, pure and simple."[26] Don Siegel spoke more openly of an existing allegorical subtext, but denied a strictly political point of view: "[…] I felt that this was a very important story. I think that the world is populated by pods and I wanted to show them. I think so many people have no feeling about cultural things, no feeling of pain, of sorrow. […] The political reference to Senator McCarthy and totalitarianism was inescapable but I tried not to emphasize it because I feel that motion pictures are primarily to entertain and I did not want to preach."[27] Film scholar J.P. Telotte wrote that Siegel intended for pods to be seductive; their spokesperson, a psychiatrist, was chosen to provide an authoritative voice that would appeal to the desire to "abdicate from human responsibility in an increasingly complex and confusing modern world."[28]
Reception Edit
Home media Edit
The film was released on DVD in 1998 by U.S.-label Republic (an identical re-release by Artisan followed in 2002); it includes the Superscope version plus a 1.375:1 Academy ratio version. The latter is not the original full frame edition, but a pan and scan reworking of the Superscope edition that loses visual detail.[citation needed] DVD editions exist on the British market (including a computer colorized version), German market (as Die Dämonischen) and Spanish market (as La Invasión de los Ladrones de Cuerpos).[citation needed] Olive Films released a Blu-ray Disc Superscope version of the film in 2012.[41]
Remakes Edit
Related works Edit
Further reading Edit
Grant, Barry Keith. 2010. Invasion of the body snatchers. New York: Palgrave Macmillan.
See also Edit
Ah, Mieville. He's fun to draw.Jeffrey Rowland has outed me !* That goddamned. Also, everything in that strip is drawn to scale. I am a huge man.So apparently Marten and Faye's dialogue in panel 1 of comic #537 was nearly identical to some dialogue from a Too Much Coffee Man comic strip from about 10 years ago. The funny thing is, I've never read any Too Much Coffee Man, so this was an extremely odd coincidence. Thanks to Shannon Wheeler (author of TMCM) for letting me know. Anyway, to keep from inadvertantly plagiarizing Shannon I reworked the dialogue in that panel a bit. I think it's funnier now, actually!I can't stop listening to the new Modeselektor record. Weird German techno plus even weirder glitched-out European hip-hop? More please!That's it for tonight. See you tomorrow!*: I do not, in fact, "yiff sexy skunk-foxes till the break of dawn." In reality, I much prefer wolf-centaurs and were-mermaids.��: Actually I'm not a furry. You can stop worrying about just what kind of "conventions" I've been going to now, mom.
Massachusetts Senate candidate and former Obama administration official Elizabeth Warren laid into the financial sector for their role in bringing about the recession.
Asked about her position on the Occupy Wall Street protest at last week's Massachusetts Senate debate, Warren said that people have to follow the law, then immediately launched into an invective against the banks.
"The people on Wall Street broke this country, and they did it one lousy mortgage at a time. It happened more than three years ago, and there has been no real accountability, and there has been no real effort to fix it. That's why I want to run for the United States Senate."
Warren, the force behind the creation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau so anathema to Wall Street, has become the front-runner in the race to unseat Sen. Scott Brown— and the financial sector is plotting to undermine her candidacy.
Watch the video below:
Millen was an All-American defensive tackle at Penn State in the late 1970s. Joe Paterno and Jerry Sandusky were his coaches. He got pretty emotional talking to Chris McKendry a little more than 30 minutes ago. The video is above, and the full transcript is below, courtesy ESPN captioning. H/T to CumaeanSibyl for cleaning up the transcript for us to make it more readable.
Matt: ... every parent stands on the case. You understand why people are calling for him to go, because it is not a letter of the law. It is now morals. How did Joe Paterno hear of it and allow it to happen? That is the question that everybody is asking. Why did he just go to the AD?
Here is what we know or think we know. We think we know all of the answers and the information. The fact is that we don't. That is just the way it is. So, Coach Paterno made a decision based on what he was given. And how that message was delivered and how it was characterized or marginalized, we have no idea. We don't know what that is. But I do know this, I do know that there is a due process that you are entitled to. I want to see that process come forward. It's sent to the court of public opinion. I get mad. Disturbing.
Chris: It is. It is like family for you, Matt. I think we all understand that.
Matt: It makes you sick to see that this could happen to this level, if in fact it has happened, you know there is a part of me like I mentioned earlier, you just want to go take care of it yourself. Which is what I have always done and which is the wrong thing to do. But this is more than just a program.Tthis is more than a football legacy. This is about people. And if we can't protect our kids, we as a society are pathetic. So, that is where I stand on it.
Chris: I know as I mentioned Jerry Sandusky, he first spoke to you when he wanted to start the Second Mile foundation. Matt, who is he? Do you know right now?
Matt: What I thought I know or what I know? He is your next door neighbor, you know your whole life. A helpful guy. He is a light hearted guy. He is a smart guy. He is willing to help a person, everything you want. That is the thing that, just, could you see it coming? I sat here. I have known the guy since 1976. I have been in meetings with him. He has been in my home. I go back and think about it, I couldn't even imagine this. I have to think that is the same thing Coach Paterno is thinking. That is why I say divorce yourself from the emotion of it. I apologize for getting emotional. but let it run its course. It has to do that. And then let the people whose job it is to put this thing together and figure it out, let them do their job.
Chris: Does the university have time to let it run its course, as angry as people are, and how much the football program produces financially? There are a lot of realistic things the board will be looking at.
Matt: The university will set its own timetable and determine what that is. They will determine who has the time and who does not have the time. You and I both know what we read in the paper. Being in this business, it is a fraction of what is going on. So maybe they have information we don't have. That is the first part of it. There is another part. The university is still a business that needs to be run. The reality is that there are people who donate lots of money, who sponsor. That is a whole other world. Then there is the political side to it. That is a reality whether or not you want to believe it. There are so many facets to this thing. You boil it down to one thing. It still comes down to, and I apologize for ranting, man's inhumanity towards man is mind-boggling. Where do we stop with this stuff? Drives me nuts.
Chris: And the university knew of this investigation ongoing for several years, as did the foundation, and it comes to light yesterday. Today also being election day, there is also political ramifications here. That is everything Penn State needs to sort out and quickly.
Matt: They do. There is a train coming down the tracks whether or not you want to believe it. You better get ready for it. Best way to do it is to deal with it honestly. I said with it and I tried to live this way, and I know I fail at it, but no excuses. No explanations. Step up, take what you are supposed to take and move on. And that is what you do. That is what you are supposed to do. Let's see what happens.
Chris: You mentioned the train coming down the tracks, does the NCAA have a seat on that train?
Matt: This is really an indictment of us as a society when we talk about this. Here is this program, you look at it from the NCAA side, they did not break any rules or commit any violations, there is no money being paid. From a football standpoint they are out of it. But from a bigger picture, I have to think they are already involved. They have to be. Penn State's program has always been above everything else, largely because that is what Joe espoused and lived. Was he perfect? No. Corrected them and owned up to them. That is what set him apart. I would expect the NCAA is jumping in at some level. The bigger fact remains that Penn State has to stop the train or face the train. That is what it is. It is bigger than institutional. This is about people. Because we are what makes up the institutions. So, there are people who have been hurt in a major way, and that needs to be rectified.
Chris: There was Joe Paterno. Was his way not to just teach football but to teach young men how to live their lives, get an education? And for so long he was what was different for many years now.
Matt: Chris, the shame of this, if this goes down the tracks like it is going to, Joe Paterno was different than everybody. And as much as I argued with the guy and believe me, we had some hum dingers, okay. I still respected the fact that he stood for something. He was able to stand his ground no matter what, whether it was a political stance or moral stance or whatever it was. He stood for something and he believed it. And he stood his ground. He would fight you on it. He will fight on this one, too. I know that guy too well. But it shouldn't tarnish - there are so many more good things to come out of that program and out of that man. This is what will end up biting him in the rear end. I hope it doesn't, but let's see how it plays itself out.
Chris: We always wondered what it would take for Joe Paterno.
Matt: A horror picture screenwriter couldn't write this bad of a script.
Chris: Matt Millen, thank you.
Matt: Sorry. Sorry, people.
Chris: You are human. That is family to you and it has been a horrible situation. ...
1,374 Bracketeers voted in Batch 7, and 8.21m votes have now been cast.
Visual results are here and today's results are:
Blood Artist defeats Phyrexian Battleflies with 95.37% of the vote
Crosis's Charm defeats Daraja Griffin with 90.57% of the vote
Eldrazi Displacer defeats Glamer Spinners with 88.53% of the vote
Darigaaz, the Igniter defeats Cabal Torturer with 86.35% of the vote
Spell Snare defeats Renewed Faith with 86.26% of the vote
Pia and Kiran Nalaar defeats Nahiri's Wrath with 83.75% of the vote
Crawlspace defeats Launch with 83.27% of the vote
Sensor Splicer defeats Bar the Door with 82.94% of the vote
Ethereal Armor defeats Epitaph Golem with 82.35% of the vote
Rites of Flourishing defeats Overgrown Estate with 81.39% of the vote
Bounding Krasis defeats Noxious Dragon with 79.98% of the vote
Izzet Charm defeats Umbral Mantle with 79.70% of the vote
Aether Adept defeats Bull Hippo with 79.21% of the vote
Ashcloud Phoenix defeats Chimeric Egg with 75.77% of the vote
Spoils of Blood defeats Vastwood Animist with 74.98% of the vote
Magus of the Jar defeats Seed the Land with 74.79% of the vote
Grizzly Bears defeats Helm of Possession with 71.88% of the vote
Sphere of the Suns defeats Scars of the Veteran with 71.12% of the vote
Destructive Revelry defeats Ballot Broker with 70.76% of the vote
Mistbind Clique defeats Cemetery Puca with 69.68% of the vote
Paragon of Eternal Wilds defeats Rush of Vitality with 67.45% of the vote
Curse of Exhaustion defeats Archers' Parapet with 65.69% of the vote
Skittering Invasion defeats Bartel Runeaxe with 64.71% of the vote
Stangg defeats Starke of Rath with 60.68% of the vote
Mindwrack Liege defeats Mindmoil with 57.18% of the vote
Thought Scour defeats Decree of Annihilation with 56.02% of the vote
Wild Research defeats Blanchwood Armor with 55.48% of the vote
Wrecking Ball defeats Moggcatcher with 55.21% of the vote
Blizzard Specter defeats Daghatar the Adamant with 53.75% of the vote
Grand Abolisher defeats Ajani Steadfast with 53.10% of the vote
Oriss, Samite Guardian defeats Beacon of Destruction with 50.52% of the vote
Wall of Lava defeats Makindi Sliderunner with 50.15% of the vote
Full results to date can be seen here.
See Runa Sanvik's feature on this Phil writes, "Runa Sandvik of Freedom of the Press Foundation is systematically documenting the arrests of journalists in Ferguson, Missouri made during protests of the August 9 officer-committed shooting death of Michael Brown ."
After each arrest, pursuant to the Missouri's Sunshine Law, Sandvik filed requests for public records using MuckRock, a Web-based service that provides a real-time view of all related correspondence with the applicable law enforcement agencies.
One of those requests, for all records detailing the arrests and detentions of Neil Munshi of the Financial Times, Robert Klemko of Sports Illustrated, and Rob Crilly of the Telegraph, on August 17, 2014, by by Missouri Highway Patrol Captain Ron Johnson, who has been the lead law enforcement officer on the scene since Governor Jay Nixon removed St. Louis County Police from Ferguson protest duty, was recently completed. In a letter dated August 22, 2014, Keverne L. McCollum, Missouri State Highway Patrol Custodian of Records, reported that MSHP have no such records:
Now, this news? This news makes us happy. Our friends over at Collider recently sat down with producer Roy Lee, who confirmed plans to shoot Stephen King's It later this year as an R-rated film.
“It will hopefully be shooting later this year. We just got the California tax credit… Gary Doberman wrote the most recent draft working with [director] Andy Muscetti, so it's being envisioned as two movies. It is very close to the source material in one way but very different if you look at it as a literary piece of work. We're taking it and making the movie from the point of view of the kids, and then making another movie from the point of view of the adults that could potentially then be cut together like the novel. But it's gonna be a really fun way of making this movie.”
As for the film's rating, Lee confirms it will be rated R and adds that while they have a final draft, they're currently fine-tuning the script to hit their budget target. The rating comes as seriously welcome news as the success of Deadpool has made the R rating less of a taboo for Hollywood. At least for now.
“We are very close to turning in the final draft of the script. It's mainly working on it for budgeting purposes to make it fit within the budget that we have.”
Book Synopsis:
It began for the Losers on a day in June of 1958, the day school let out for the summer. That was the day Henry Bowers carved the first letter of his name on Ben Hanscom's belly and chased him into the Barrens, the day Henry and his Neanderthal friends beat up on Stuttering Bill Denbrough and Eddie Kaspbrak, the day Stuttering Bill had to save Eddie from his worst asthma attack ever by riding his bike to beat the devil. It ended in August, with seven desperate children in search of a creature of unspeakable evil in the drains beneath Derry. In search of It. And somehow it ended.
Or so they thought. Then.
On a spring night in 1985, Mike Hanlon, once one of those children, makes six calls. Stan Uris, accountant. Richie “Records” Tozier, L.A. disc jockey. Ben Hanscom, renowned architect. Beverly Rogan, dress designer. Eddie Kaspbrak, owner of a successful New York limousine company. And Bill Denbrough, bestselling writer of horror novels. Bill Denbrough, who now only stutters in his dreams.
These six men and one woman have forgotten their childhoods, have forgotten the time when they were Losers… but an unremembered promise draws them back, the present begins to rhyme dreadfully with the past, and when the Losers reunite, the wheels of fate lock together and roll them toward the ultimate terror.
Story highlights Jeffrey Sachs: Semiautomatic assault weapons not protected by 2nd Amendment. When banned, mass shooting deaths fell; ban lifted, deaths soared
Sachs: It must be tough for complicit GOP lawmakers to worry about being shot, even as they face NRA retribution if they vote for a ban
Jeffrey Sachs is a professor and director of the Center for Sustainable Development at Columbia University. The opinions expressed in this commentary are his.
(CNN) Semiautomatic assault weapons are not protected by the Second Amendment. The federal government and the states can outlaw them, a point underscored by none other than the late Justice Antonin Scalia, who emphasized that the Second Amendment protects gun ownership of the types of arms that were "in common use" in 1791, when the Second Amendment was adopted.
Jeffrey Sachs
The federal government banned military-style semiautomatic assault weapons for 10 years between 1994 and 2004, and deaths from mass shootings fell. It's a no-brainer to do so again, and fast.
According to data assembled by Mother Jones in its open-source database, there were 15 mass shootings with 96 deaths during the 10-year ban. The ban expired in 2004 and was not renewed, and mass shooting deaths soared. During the next 10 years, there were an astounding 35 mass shootings and 195 deaths. Since then, the rate of mass shootings has continued to rise. Even before the latest massacre, America was awash in semiautomatic assault weapons and bloodshed.
JUST WATCHED Hear gunshots fired at GOP baseball practice Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Hear gunshots fired at GOP baseball practice 00:54
Congress members themselves are vulnerable, as we saw when a gunman opened fire on a Republican baseball practice in June, injuring, among others, Louisiana Rep. Steve Scalise. It must be a miserable job to worry (along with the rest of us) about being shot by people armed with semiautomatic assault weapons -- but at the same time to be targeted for retribution by the National Rifle Association for a vote in favor of something as obvious as a ban on such weapons. We need to boost the security of the Congress so that they can more safely vote to save themselves and us.
Other countries are not paralyzed. Australia, which is a lot like the United States in its politics and its libertarian streak, strictly bans such weapons. It suffered a number of mass shootings involving semiautomatic weapons in the 1980s and 1990s, including a horrendous mass shooting in 1996. The government of the time took decisive action, banning such weapons. Since then, there has not been a single mass shooting with semiautomatic assault weapons and very few cases of multiple homicides.
Read More
Our planet is currently in the midst of its sixth mass extinction event, the Holocene or Anthropocene extinction. To successfully combat the devastating rate of species loss, scientists need to have access to quality data to target conservation efforts. They need to know what the threats to biodiversity are, where these threats occur, and how quickly change is happening. But new research suggests this information isn't readily available.
A consortium of organisations, including the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), BirdLife International and the Luc Hoffman institute, have come together over the past two years to review global data on the threats to biodiversity. To evaluate the quality of the data in each case they assessed it against five key attributes that all datasets should possess to be used for conservation assessments. In order to be of the most value, data should be freely available, up to date, repeated, at appropriate spatial resolution, and validated for accuracy.
Of the almost 300 datasets they reviewed, only 5% satisfied all of the attributes. “We were surprised that so few datasets met all of the five attributes we believe are required for ‘gold-standard' of data,” said Lucas Joppa, lead author of the study. “We live in the age of Big Data, but are effectively flying blind when it comes to understanding what is threatening biodiversity around the world.”
“This analysis can help pioneer a new approach to mapping and measuring the threats facing endangered species and ecosystems,” says Jon Hutton, Director of the Luc Hoffmann Institute. “This is critical if we are to understand why some populations of, for example, tigers or elephants are doing better than others.”
In some cases, the data needed to advise conservation policy already exists, but is not accessible to the organisations or agencies who need it. The study recommends that such organisations should be forming partnerships with private-sector companies to gain access to this data. An example of such an arrangement is that between the UN Environment Programme (UNEP) World Conservation Monitoring Center and the IHS Company, which allowed detailed and comprehensive data on worldwide oil and gas activity to be used for biodiversity assessments.
Invasive and problematic species are also highlighted as a major conservation issue, especially where data scarcity is an obstacle to effective mitigation. The impact of alien species is particularly significant in island ecosystems, where species are both endemic and vulnerable to change. Creation of data pipelines and better quality data could greatly benefit those fighting the spread of invasives worldwide, and the authors argue that more information is needed on a global scale, to monitor which species are where and the pathways by which they move.
This could then allow implementation agencies to monitor species transmission routes, prevent the entry or departure of invasive species and respond quickly to early detections. The IUCN's Global Invasive Species Database and the Threatened Island Biodiversity Database are both examples of existing databases with the potential to be scaled up to gold-standard datasets if they are appropriately resourced.
As the American Revolutionary War soldiers marched to war, and as the patriots sang in pubs, meeting halls, and churches, when they sang what was then the unofficial anthem of the American colonies, they were singing a piece of music composed by an American composer, friend of Samuel Adams and Paul Revere...... William Billings. The piece of music was named "Chester". So, that being the case, then how did we end up with a piece of music composed in England for a British drinking club as our National Anthem, while we overlooked our own American composers? Good question. Here is how it happened..................... In 1814, during a war with the British a lawyer and part-time poet by the name of Francis Scott Key saw an American flag still flying after a vicious bombardment. This inspired him to write various versions of the famous poem that later became our National Anthem. It is possible that Key only intended this as a poem as there was nothing in his original notes to suggest a tune. However, there was a very popular tune of the time, for which had been written many different sets of words. When the first handbills of the poem were printed, they bore the name of this tune to which the poem should be sung - To Anacreon In Heaven. Somewhat ironically, this is a song that was written for a British drinking club! The Anacreontic Society was a popular gentlemen's drinking club, based in a pub in the Strand, London. The words of the song had been written by the society's president, Ralph Tomlinson, but the tune is more of a mystery. At one time, the English composer Dr Thomas Arnold was thought to be its composer - Arnold had written numerous songs for the society. However, it is now accepted that the tune was probably written collectively by a group of members, led by John Stafford Smith, probably in 1771. In 1916, President Woodrow Wilson ordered that it should become the National Anthem played by the military and naval services, but it wasn't until March 3rd, 1931 that it was officially designated as the National Anthem by act of Congress: Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the composition known as The Star-spangled Banner is designated as the National Anthem of the United States of America. So, we ended up with a Brit drinking tune as our National Anthem. Of course, many people think the darn tune is rather silly anyway and is difficult to sing as well as being somewhat more of a vocal singing exercise than a real song. But that's another debate for another time. The point here is that we had a real national anthem, actually sung by patriots and soldiers during the American Revolution, composed by a patriot himself who was a friend of some of the famous founding fathers! And we didn't use the melody (or at least another Billings' melody) as our national anthem, and to make matters worse, we didn't even make the name and life of William Billings, our first real national composer a topic of music education in our schools! Most Americans do not even know who William Billings was, or about his musical accomplishments. Hopefully these web pages will help remedy that..... Interesting news
concerning William Billings
and the children of America .....
We have been contacted by many teachers and students telling us that after learning about William Billings in their music courses, they have contacted elected officials, in some cases with signed student petitions to ask for some type of official recognition of William Billings, his music and other colonial composers. One class sent a petition directly to the President asking for some type of proclamation honoring William Billings. Two other classes sent a request to their local Congressional representative asking for them to submit some type of bill in Congress honoring William Billings and even to create a "second national anthem" using a tune of Billings with perhaps updated more modern wording.
Apparently, there is hope yet that Mr. Billings will get the full recognition in America he so surely deserves! And amazing as it is........
William Billings appears in HBO movie!
In the recent HBO miniseries about John Adams (pictured at left), in episode 1, there is a scene where the Boston patriots are meeting and at the end of the meeting, they sing a verse of the anthem Chester by William Billings. This may well be the first widespread recognition of the music of William Billings and the fact that Chester was the original National Anthem.
And even better, if you look at the credits of the John Adams series, there is an actor listed as playing the role of William Billings! If you want, you can download and listen to instrumental MP3s of the anthem Chester, and an excerpt from Billings' Lamentation Over Boston, a piece he composed in reaction to the attack on and burning of Boston by the British. Both of these arrangements are from an upcoming CD of instrumental arrangements of the music of Colonial American composers. Back to the William Billings page
Chester
By William Billings Let tyrants shake their iron rods,
And Slav'ry clank her galling chains.
We fear them not, we trust in God.
New England's God forever reigns. Howe and Burgoyne and Clinton, too,
With Prescott and Cornwallis joined,
Together plot our overthrow,
In one infernal league combined. When God inspired us for the fight,
Their ranks were broke, their lines were forced,
Their ships were shattered in our sight,
Or swiftly driven from our coast. The foe comes on with haughty stride,
Our troops advance with martial noise;
Their vet'rans flee before our youth,
And gen'rals yield to beardless boys. What grateful off'ring shall we bring,
What shall we render to the Lord?
Loud hallelujahs let us sing,
And praise his name on ev'ry chord!
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool Ladies secured their place in the quarter-final of the Continental Tyres Cup thanks to goals from Natasha Dowie and Katrin Omarsdottir.
The Reds dominated from the first whistle and could have won the game by a bigger scoreline.
The home side's first chance came in the first five minutes. Kate Longhurst got on the end of a Rosie White corner, but her effort went over the bar.
The Reds dominated the early stages of the game, but clear-cut chances were hard to come by.
Rosie White nearly got on the end of an Ashley Hodson cross and Dowie headed wide from a great long ball from Gemma Bonner.
Matt Beard's sides first real opportunity came after 24 minutes. Bonner played Dowie in with a great long ball and Liverpool's number nine was denied by the crossbar.
Katie Zelem had a chance in the 32nd minute, but she collided with Sunderland goalkeeper Hilde Gunn Olsen and couldn't get her shot away.
The rebound fell to Rosie White and her shot was cleared off the line by Gemma Wilson.
Seven minutes before half-time Dowie went close again. Longhurst put in a great cross from the left side which fell to Dowie on the half-volley, but she failed to hit the target.
Just before half-time, Mayumi Pacheco and Dowie linked up well on the left side. The Reds striker then laid it off to White, but she fired over.
Early into the second half Liverpool had to deal with some sustained pressure from Sunderland.
But Dowie had another chance to put her team in the lead after Sunderland left-back Vicky Greenwell gave the ball away in her own half.
Dowie was through on goal, but Gunn Olsen tipped her shot wide.
The Sunderland goalkeeper was called into action again in the 58th minute forcing Martha Harris' deflected effort wide.
Liverpool finally got the lead they deserved just after the hour mark with a fine header from Dowie.
The Reds striker got on the end of a wonderful corner from White.
Liverpool goalkeeper Libby Stout was alert in the 77th minute, comfortably saving a long range shot from Rachel Furness.
Stout, who didn't have much to do in the early stages of the game, was forced to make a wonderful save to stop Sunderland equalising when tipping Mead's curling effort over the bar.
Omarsdottir confirmed victory with a minute remaining, Dowie putting the ball on the plate for the number eight, who couldn't miss from six yards out.
The Reds travel to Manchester City on Sunday looking to secure top spot in group two of the Conti Cup.
LIVERPOOL: Stout, Harris, Bonner, Longhurst (Murray 76), Omarsdottir, Dowie, Easton, White, Zelem (Smorsgard 65), Pachecho, Hodson (Ryland 89). Subs: Darbyshire, Dale.
SUNDERLAND: Olsen, Holmes, Bannon, Wilson, Ramshaw (Joyce 61), McDougall (Furness 61), Mead, Roche, McFadden, Chaplen, Williams (Greenwell 7). Subs: Laws, Beer.
People observe marijuana plants while visiting the "Expo Cannabis" forum in Montevideo, December 5, 2015. REUTERS/Andres Stapff
MONTEVIDEO (Reuters) - Uruguay's three-year process of legalizing recreational cannabis consumption reached its final stage on Thursday, when the government said it would authorize pharmacies to begin selling the substance as of July.
Sixteen pharmacies have registered with the government of the tiny South American country to be able to sell marijuana for recreational purposes. That number is expected to increase to 30 in the coming months, said Juan Roballo, head of the National Drug Board.
Uruguay became a global pioneer when it legalized the cultivation, distribution and consumption of marijuana in late 2013. But the rollout has been slow, and the authorization for pharmacies to sell cannabis — initially expected by the end of 2014 — has been postponed several times.
The government hopes the formalization process will “guarantee the quality and the purity of the product” citizens consume, Roballo said. The cannabis sold in pharmacies will be grown by producers licensed by the state.
“This is not to promote it, but to compete with the informal market,” he added.
Earlier stages of the process had authorized home cultivation of marijuana for personal consumption, and through membership clubs.
The process will be heavily regulated by the government. Pharmacies will have a total of 400 kilograms (882 lb) at their disposal, an amount that could increase depending on demand, Roballo said. They must sell the substance in 5 gram (0.18 oz)containers at $1.30 per gram, though 10-gram containers are expected to be introduced later.
Interested Uruguayans 18 or older must enroll in a government registry, set to open on May 2, and are limited to purchasing 40 grams (1.41 oz) per month and 10 grams (0.35 oz) per week. Foreign tourists will not be able to purchase the drug.
With Saturday Night Live on summer hiatus for a few months, Weekend Update anchor Colin Jost likely has a lot of extra time on his hands. So, on Wednesday night, he decided to use his Twitter account to say publicly what everyone who has ever had to deal with Time Warner Cable has been thinking to themselves.
Below are some of the most brutal tweets, most of which are funnier than your average Weekend Update joke:
The main reason I believe in the concept of Hell is because I know the people who work at Time Warner Cable will go there when they die. — Colin Jost (@TheColinJost) June 18, 2015
My new goal in life is to be the Mother Theresa of getting people to switch from Time Warner Cable to Fios. #SpiteSpokesman — Colin Jost (@TheColinJost) June 18, 2015
Hey Netflix, Want to come over to my place and watch Time Warner Cable slowly die together? (CC'ing Satan so he knows to expect them.) — Colin Jost (@TheColinJost) June 18, 2015
When I called up Time Warner Cable, a representative said to me, out of nowhere, "I wish Bin Laden were still alive…" #timewarnercable — Colin Jost (@TheColinJost) June 18, 2015
When I asked to speak to a supervisor at #TimeWarnerCable, they put me through to Pol Pot's voicemail. #Directv #DirectvCopaAmerica — Colin Jost (@TheColinJost) June 18, 2015
My #TimeWarnerCable isn't working. The box just says, "Voting For Trump." — Colin Jost (@TheColinJost) June 18, 2015
If you cancel your #TimeWarnerCable and switch to another provider and send me photographic evidence, I will send you a check for $50. — Colin Jost (@TheColinJost) June 18, 2015
For the record, my #TimeWarnerCable hasn't worked in FOUR MONTHS. But in fairness, it may just be tired from blowing Satan. — Colin Jost (@TheColinJost) June 18, 2015
After an hour or so of this, TWC's Help Twitter started responding with a vague offer to help, but no real solutions:
.@TWC_Help perhaps you could check in with the 3 technicians who have been to my apartment this week for a total of 7 hours? — Colin Jost (@TheColinJost) June 18, 2015
.@TWC_Help especially the last technician who literally left after shaking his head and saying, "Dat's fucked up." — Colin Jost (@TheColinJost) June 18, 2015
.@TWC_Help or perhaps you could talk to one of the'm-not-exaggerating 25 customer service reps I've talked to over the past 4 months? — Colin Jost (@TheColinJost) June 18, 2015
.@TWC_Help or the representative with the ID number 2254 who just offered to credit my account for eighteen dollars and seventy five cents. — Colin Jost (@TheColinJost) June 18, 2015
.@TWC_Help or the 4th technician who came a month ago, tried five different cable boxes, then genuinely suggested that I get @VerizonFiOS — Colin Jost (@TheColinJost) June 18, 2015
.@TWC_Help Where should I follow you? To Mordor? What's your exact address? — Colin Jost (@TheColinJost) June 18, 2015
.@TWC_Help Yeah good call let's try to keep this private. (whispered) "One of your technicians showed me his penis." — Colin Jost (@TheColinJost) June 18, 2015
While Jost was complaining about the last few months of service, his hatred of the cable company dates back years, to a New Yorker humor piece he wrote in 2011 titled, “Explaining Your Time Warner Bill.” It included line items like $2.15 for “Piers Morgan's dental plan” and $12.99 for “We're going to Hell.”
If Jost thought he was going to get helpful customer service after that, he was clearly mistaken.
[Photo via screengrab]
— —
>> Follow Matt Wilstein (@TheMattWilstein) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
THT Online
KATHMANDU: President Ram Baran Yadav on Monday granted pardon to the corruption convict Pradeep Jung Pandey, immediate past president of the Federation of the Nepalese Chambers of Commerce and Industry.
The President today granted pardon to 21 persons as per a recommendation of the Cabinet, according to a press statement issued by the President's Office.
The President's legal advisor Lalit Bahadur Basnet confirmed that Pandey is also in the list.
Yadav's press advisor Rajendra Dahal also said that Pandey was pardoned as the Article 151 of the Interim Constitution authories the President to grant pardon to convicts after the Cabinet recommends so.
Asked whether a corruption convict can be granted such an excuse, Dahal said the President did not have any right to refute the Cabinet recommendation.
Pandey was sent to jail over a three-decade-old corruption case on March 18 this year after a Supreme Court order.
At the time of arrest, he was the sitting president of the umbrella organisation of the Nepali private sector. Following the arrest, the Federation removed Pandey and elected Pashupati Murarka as the President on July 3.
He was convicted in the corruption case that he was involved in while working as an accountant at the Department of Water Supply and Sewerage during the 1980s.
Pandey then was slapped a jail term of three years and a fine of Rs 5,000 but he was yet to serve the jail sentence of one year, nine months and 27 days. Before the arrest in March, Pandey had claimed that his jail sentence was waived by the then king on November 20, 1985. He had also claimed that his fine had also been waived by the then king through a separate decree.
The issue that Pandey had not served his jail sentence had hit headlines after his rivals raised it during the election for the office bearers of FNCCI in April last year. Pandey's opponents had argued that since Pandey was convicted in a corruption case, an issue of moral turpitude, he cannot hold any public post.
The SC in March had observed that petitioner Pandey could not produce any evidence to support his claim that his jail sentence was waived by the then king on November 20, 1985. The apex court had said in its verdict that it did not find any record of evidence supporting his claim with Kathmandu District Court. The petitioner failed to prove that the then king had waived his sentence on November 20, 1985, the court had observed in its order.
Follow The Himalayan Times on Twitter and Facebook
A Note from Fatty: Today's the second day in the “My Proudest Moment on a Bike” series, guest-posted by readers. This post is from Michele Ringwood, who owns a business in Chicago and is finishing her MFA in Creative Writing. She is writing a book about her breast cancer experience called; “Breast Cancer; Wish I Knew”. This September she and Ken are biking across Italy. Ken's training plan, “We'll start with a smaller country and move up.”
My second chemo session was worse than the first session. I was allergic to the chemo drugs and went into anaphylactic shock. As alarms went off, Lori, the nurse I'd already nicknamed Chemo Queen, was joined by two more nurses. Those little clear plastic needle caps popped off walls and bounced on the floor. They couldn't pump drugs into me fast enough, I gasped through an oxygen mask, “I can't breathe, I can't breathe, I can't breathe.” My husband, Ken, stood beside my hospital bed, pulling his blond hair straight up, his eyes bugging out (and he hadn't even had any drugs).
I knew it was bad, when afterward the oncologist called me into his office for an “extra visit”. He waltzed in, his usual distant coolness warmed a few degrees, his gray eyes actually touched me.
“I'm sorry. I hear you've been having some trouble with the chemo drugs. You know, we really weren't trying to kill you.”
“You could have fooled me,” was the only thing I could think to say and I went home to bed.
A week later when I could get out of bed, I decided I had to get out of the house. I had to breathe some real air, even if it was January in Chicago. Ken hesitantly agreed to walk me around the block. For 45 minutes, I held onto his arm and I creeped. There was lots of time to talk. I told him I was afraid they had crossed a line. I mean, I know the whole point of chemo is that they are killing stuff, but I said I thought they had gone too far and were actually killing me. Then I started to get a little pissed. I told him if I lived through this next six months I wanted to bike a century. Yes, 100 miles on my bike in one day. And not in the distant future. This summer.
Maybe a century is not a big deal for a lot of you but my husband and I are casual bike riders (read slow). Both hovering 50 (I'm the one that is a LOT younger than 50, I'm 47), I had only been biking a few years. My idea of a big ride was 25 or 30 miles on the Chicago lakefront path. I love the second hour, when I find a long smooth rhythm and it feels like I am flying, the lake on one side and the city on the other.
One thing you have to know about my husband. He's Swedish, so he doesn't always tell you what is on his mind. Now, I'm Irish and if my mouth isn't moving you, you know I'm mad at you. So when I said, I want to bike a century, he said what he said most of that year, “Whatever you want.”, “Yes, of course.”, “You want cake doughnuts, let me run to the store.”, “You need to go to another doctor, I'll be right there to drive you.”, “You want to ride 100 miles in a day, and it is taking you 45 minutes to walk around the block, we can make that work. I'll set up a training plan.”
They changed my drugs and the rest of the chemo went uneventfully, not to say that it didn't suck and I didn't keep getting weaker and weaker. More surgery and June 12th, 2010, I got onto my bike for the first time since the summer of 2009, before breast cancer, a mastectomy and chemotherapy, reconstruction. The best that can be said is that I made the pedals go around. I groused at Ken to stop riding around me in circles. We went 7 miles and it took an hour. Recovery consisted of 45 horizontal minutes examining my living room carpet before I was strong enough to stand up and shower. Ken told me months later (after the century) that I was going so slowly he thought I might fall over.
We followed Ken's plan. Longer rides. I got up to 11 miles an hour and thought I was a rock star. Then he added some intervals. And I got a trainer to help me build back muscle. Do you know how much muscle you lose sitting in a recliner for months watching the entire West Wing series and eating cake donuts?
The Apple Cider Century was September 26th, 2010. I was terrified of the last 25 miles. I shouldn't have been. I should have been terrified of miles 50-75 when we were going north, onto the hilly section (ok, hilly for me) into a 15 mile an hour headwind. This fat cyclist and I kept rubber banding, I would pass him and he would pass me. (It wasn't you Fatty. You're much thinner and faster than this guy was.) At 65 miles there was a turn; go left and you finish in 10 miles. Go right, still into the ^%$& headwind, and you take a 25 mile loop for the 100 miles. I so wanted to turn left. Desperately. I made Ken stop. I got off my bike and looked at all the young, healthy people lounging on this rural corner laughing and joking about the cold wind. The van for the ride organizers sat there waiting to help people in trouble.
I got back on my bike. Eventually there was a tailwind. I love downhills and tailwinds.
I did the century. From bed in June to a 7 1/2 hour century in September, not too bad. That night, Ken said that when I told him on that walk that I wanted to do a century, he thought I had completely lost my mind. Perhaps.
By the way, the other thing I told him on that very same walk is when I'm 50, I want to bike across the United States. So he's in the study right now, working on training plans. I'm working on being cancer free.
Heston Blumenthal will relocate the entire staff of his three Michelin starred restaurant The Fat Duck to Melbourne for six months next year.
Blumenthal will close The Fat Duck restaurant in Bray, England for an extensive refurbishment in February 2015, opening simultaneously at the former Breezes site at Crown Melbourne. The Fat Duck will return to the UK six months later, leaving the Melbourne site as another branch of Dinner by Heston Blumenthal.
Blumenthal arrived in Melbourne ahead of the announcement and went to Adam D'Sylva's Coda restaurant with Eddie McGuire.
Twitter blew up with comments after Blumenthal made the announcement to a media pack in the foyer of Crown Towers today.
Now to do whatever it takes to get to Melb during those 6months and get a reservation! #onceinalifetime @VogueLiving #FatDuck @Heston_Live — Ashley Doyle (@Ashley_M_Doyle) March 31, 2014
The Fat Duck is celebrating its 20th anniversary in 2015.
“The Fat Duck is part of a Grade II listed building, so I always knew there would come a time when it would need a little attention,” Blumenthal said. “When we first started conversations with Crown, I saw the potential of the situation and really began to hope.”
Blumenthal says he fell in love with Australia after his first visit in 2003. “I love how Australian people celebrate good food; there is such a love of everything from coffee shops to gourmet restaurants and everything in between.”
The Melbourne restaurant will seat 45 with a staff of 70.
Boy, 10, tasered by police for failing to do what he was told after refusing to clean officer's car at careers day
10-year-old hit allegedly hit with 50,000 volt weapons by Officer Chris Webb
Injuries looked like cigarette burns and boy has suffered post-traumatic stress disorder since
A police officer has appeared in court after it is alleged he used his Taser gun on a 10-year-old schoolboy who refused to clean his patrol car.
Officer Chris Webb is accused of saying to the boy he would be shown 'what happens to people who do not listen to police' during the event at Tularosa Intermediate School in New Mexico.
He is then reported to have fired the 50,000-volt weapon at the boy.
Rachel Higgins, legal representative for the seven-stone boy, known only as RD, told Santa Fe County Court he had been suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder since the incident on May 4.
Shocking: The officer's use of force was completely unreasonable according to the boy's legal representative
According to the complaint filed on behalf of the boy: 'Defendant Webb asked the boy, RD, in a group of boys, who would like to clean his patrol unit.
'A number of boys said that they would. RD, joking, said that he did not want to clean the patrol unit.'
Webb is accused of responding by aiming his Taser at the child before saying: 'Let me show you what happens to people who do not listen to the police.' He then allegedly stunned RD.
The complaint continued: 'Instead of calling emergency medical personnel, Officer Webb pulled out the barbs and took the boy to the school principal's office.'
Incident: The boy was shocked during a careers day at the Tularosa New Mexico Intermediate School
RD's scars were described in court as similar to those of cigarette burns and Higgins told the court he was suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder.
She said: 'The boy, RD, has woken up in the middle of the night holding his chest, afraid he is never going to wake up again.'
Higgins added: 'No reasonable officer confronting a situation where the need for force is at its lowest, on a playground with elementary age children, would have deployed the Taser in so reckless a manner as to cause physical and psychological injury.
Both the New Mexico Department of Public Safety and Webb are being sued, with Higgins looking for punitive damages for R.D for battery, failure to arrange emergency medical care, excessive force, negligent hiring, training, supervision and retention and unreasonable seizure.
The case continues.
Tony Stark is a screw-up.
He's a genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist, and he's saved the world a bunch as Earth's first modern superhero, but he struggles to learn a lot of important lessons. When he does, he makes mistakes that swing in the opposite direction and put all his friends in danger. The Stark of the comics may be an alcoholic, but movie Stark's vice is different. While Iron Man 3 has him obsessively constructing more suits, his armour is really just an externalization of his true addiction: control.
That isn't to say he wants to control everyone and everything at all times, though he does have one heck of a narcissist streak. Control as a concept is something he needs, even as something of a hedonist. The first thing we see him do in Iron Man (chronologically speaking; the film opens in medias res) is gamble, i.e. invest in an uncontrollable outcome, but control of his daily life is soon stripped away from him while he's visiting the Middle East. His rudimentary Mark I armour is an attempt to win back that very control It's a basic dramatic concept that could apply to any story, but as the Marvel Cinematic Universe wears on, his relationship to control grows more complex, and it appears to be headed in an interesting direction in Spider-Man: Homecoming.
“What if somebody had died?”
“I was just trying to be like you.”
“I want you to be better... I'm going to need the suit back.”
“But I'm nothing without this suit!”
“If you're nothing without this suit, then you shouldn't have it.”
The film's new trailer, no doubt having cut around some of this conversation with Peter Parker, gives us a pretty clear indication of where Tony Stark's head is. He's a far cry from “The suit and I are one” in Iron Man 2, owing to his world being knocked off balance in The Avengers and his subsequent scramble to regain some form equilibrium in Iron Man 3, but despite having thrown off the reins of his titanium alter-ego, the crutch that was The Iron Man found its way back to Tony Stark in Age of Ultron and Civil War, even costing him his relationships. In the latter, he obsesses over the first moment when events outside his control turned his life on its head – the death of his parents, the trauma of which he's still actively trying to correct – a pivotal point from where his life would truly begin.
Before ever encasing himself in metal, the first armour he put on was an emotional one, distancing himself from anyone that could potentially give his life meaning in case that too was taken away. By the time he replaced this armour with The Iron Man, the world (and the universe) had changed so much that his next mission became armour for all. A quick-fix solution to conflict itself that came back to bite him in the form of Ultron, until he realized he needed to give up control entirely. And so came the Sokovia Accords, the central point of contention in Civil War wherein he not only decided to give up control, but to take it away from others.
Giving up control while simultaneously being brought back to the moment it was first stolen from him – Bucky's unwitting murder of his parents, kept secret by Steve – was a deadly combination for him to have to face, but meeting young Peter Parker along the way seemed to offer up a new kind of opportunity. A fresh start so to speak, one he probably needs now that the Avengers are scattered.
The line about being nothing without the suit is an important question for a still-in-high-school Spidey, for whom establishing an identity seems to involve joining The Avengers and little else, but it comes at a strange time for Tony. Granted, anything about the events of the film and any developments in the year since Civil War are little more than speculation at this point, but it was in Captain America's second sequel that he found himself unmade. The foundations of both Tony Stark, the man, and Iron Man, Avenging leader, were put in jeopardy as he tried to kill the man who left him an orphan, while at the very least attempting to seriously injure his friend, Captain Rogers.
Today, a little over a year later, he's imparting suits and stern advice to a young science prodigy, holding him accountable for almost killing people during his superhero antics. It's an extension of the power/responsibility dilemma that made him support the Accords in the first place, but this time he doesn't seem to be turning a blind eye to the responsibility of others and the say they ought to have in it. His ultimatum comes alongside what is likely a standout line of the trailer (“I want you to be better”) because while he's taking back control from Peter in order to protect people, the impetus very much involves the desire for Peter to be able to hone that control in the first place. He has, after all, been running around with Stark tech for fourteen months.
Tony has failed innumerable times, and will probably fail again before Robert Downey Jr. is done with the role (for all we know, he may even see Spider-Man as his mistake at this point in the trailer), but the difference between the Tony Stark of prior films and the Tony Stark of Homecoming is his relationship to control now extends to another person and theirs. An individual he feels responsible for; a protégé he can guide towards not screwing up as much as he did, giving him a chance before making decisions on his behalf, as he helps him find balance in his own life.
With great power, and all that.
This is the Tony Stark we'll see this July. It's exciting to have no idea where he'll go from there, especially when faced with a villain whose Gauntlet can strip not only him, but entire galaxies of any sense of balance or agency. I wasn't sure Iron Man would feel like an organic part of Spider-Man: Homecoming, but now I can't help but feel like he belongs there, symbolically passing the baton.
Herschleb Ice Cream Company has a long, family-based history in Wisconsin Rapids. (Photo11: Contributed photo)
In celebration of south Wood County's rich history, Vintage Venues — a Daily Tribune weekly feature — puts the spotlight on the past and the story behind some of the most historically significant local sites.
Herschleb Ice Cream Company, 640 16th St. S.
History: When Walter and Esther Herschleb bought Nick Vinckle's Ice Cream business in 1939, they didn't realize their company would survive for four generations. Their daughter, Jane and her husband, Herb Brehmer, took over the business in 1951 and their son, Tom, took over in 1981.
When the business started, it was located downtown near the Rapids Theater across from Wood County Bank. The Herschlebs lived in an apartment over the store and rented rooms there as well. Walter died in 1951, but the family continued to run the ice cream business in that location until 1946 when they leased the retail portion of the business to Bob and Ruth Luzenski and moved the ice cream operation to 640 16th St. S. Initially, they only sold ice cream products.
Tom Brehmer started in the business when he was 13, working with his father as he made ice cream.
"I can remember putting lids on ice cream cups," Brehmer said. "As soon as you could reach the counter, you went to work."
Tom Brehmer continued in the business until 2004. His wife, Kaaren, was secretary-treasurer of Herschleb Ice Cream Company, and Tom was president during that time. The titles meant they both did whatever was needed to keep the business going. Their two children were the fourth generation to work for the company; they did not want to continue when their parents retired.
An important part of the business was delivering ice cream.
"We sold ice cream in a 30-mile radius of the plant," Tom Brehmer said.
There were 34 corner grocery stores who ordered from Herschlebs and because the stores were small and refrigeration units could only hold so much, it often required making two to three trips a week to each of them. The larger grocery stores also bought Herschleb's ice cream. Tom Brehmer was one of many who delivered ice cream.
Tom's parents added a kitchen and enlarged the building on 16th Street South. There was a long counter where customers sat on stools and a small dining room. The family employed hundreds of kids through the years. Many came back each summer while in school, some working behind the counter; others, as car hops.
Tom Brehmer sold the business in 2004, but continued to make ice cream for a couple of years.
"I worked there for 45 years, and it was the only job I ever had," he said. He would start the day in the kitchen or behind the counter, and in the afternoon he could be repairing something. "There is not a job I haven't done and I say it with great pride."
Interesting fact: Some employees were there for many years, one almost for 50 years, several for 30 years and several families had two generations working at Herschleb at the same time.
Read or Share this story: http://wrtnews.co/1borSru
The news that Ireland's new Government, in the wake of the Queen's state visit to Dublin, is finally making belated amends and may apologise for the disgraceful persecution and blacklisting of some 5,000 Irish soldiers who chose to desert the Irish Army, leave their neutral nation in World War Two and fight in the British Army against Nazism, is welcome - even if it does come some seventy years too late to help the men themselves.
The 5,000 - a fraction of up to 100,000 Irishmen from both sides of the border who fought on the Allied side - were officially outlawed by a vindictive Irish state after the war, banned from employment, and lost their pensions and other benefits. Their unpardonable sin, it seems, was to take up arms in defence of freedom praised - but not practiced - by Dublin.
While they are in the business of historical revision, is it too much to expect the Irish authorities to face up to the full implications of their history, which still includes a desperate denial of the close and continuing links between the ideology which remains the bedrock of the Irish state - violent Republicanism - and the ideology which met its nemesis in 1945 : fascism and Nazism?
It is well-known that in May 1945 the Irish Taoiseach (Premier) Eamonn De Valera, the personification of Ireland's successful struggle for independence from Britain, made a point of visiting the German Legation in Dublin to sign the book of condolences and express his sympathy in person at the home of the Dublin German envoy, Eduard Hempel, on the sad demise of his Head of State - one Adolf Hitler. This was several weeks after the liberation of Auschwitz, Belsen, and Dachau had revealed once and for all the grim truths about what Nazism meant to the whole world so 'Dev' had no excuse for his appalling act, although his Government's censorship kept news of the Holocaust from his own people.
What is perhaps less well-known is that De Valera's atrocious action was but one incident in a long catalogue of outrages which demonstrated not just neutrality carried to an absurd degree, but outright sympathy' for the racial manias that had just carried out the Holocaust and brought Europe down in flaming ruins. Such sympathy reaches back in time for more than a century, and carried on into our own time.
Modern Irish Republicanism was born in blood - the blood of the Easter Rising in 1916, undertaken by a couple of thousand Irish revolutionaries at a time when some 210,000 Irishmen from both north and south were fighting and dying in the trenches to save Europe from rampant German militarism. The ideologist and leader of the Rising, Padraig Pearse, - though like De Valera only half Irish himself - was a strange, death-loving fanatic who thoroughly approved of mass slaughter and wrote droolingly about the 'earth''s old heart being warmed by the red wine of the battlefield'. The Rising was supported by Germany with a shipload of arms and reduced the centre of Dublin to smoking debris. Despite this, taking the traditional attitude that 'England's difficulty is Ireland's opportunity', official Ireland continued to praise Pearse and De Valera, and treat with contempt those Irishmen who had fought for the freedom on small nations on the battlefield rather than the streets of their own capital.
Ireland's great national poet W.B. Yeats celebrated the rising as 'a terrible beauty' although lacking the courage to actually join it himself. Instead, in the 1930s Yeats lent his support to the openly fascist Irish Blueshirt movement, led by Eoin O'Duffy, a former IRA Chief of Staff who had become Police Chief of the Irish Free State. The Blueshirts aped Mussolini's Blackshirts and Hitler's Brownshirts, down to the same uniforms, the same stiff-armed salute and the same greeting: 'Hail O'Duffy!' Yeats wrote three marching songs for the movement which sent a 700-strong contingent to fight for Franco's Fascist uprising against the Spanish republic in the Spanish Civil War of 1936-39. Although O'Duffy failed to cover himself in glory and died a hopeless alcoholic, his movement morphed into the Fine Gael party - which, remarkably, is the dominant party in today's ruling coalition in Dublin.
Yeats' harridan-like muse Maud Gonne - another non-Irish nationalist fanatic - was an open admirer of Hitler and the Nazis, and her daughter Iseult followed suit - hiding a Nazi parachutist in her home during the war. Iseult Gonne's husband, the writer Francis Stuart, became Ireland's Lord Haw-Haw, living and broadcasting from Berlin throughout the war, and dying in Dublin, an esteemed man of letters, in 2000.
After the decline of O'Duffy the torch of Irish fascism continued to burn brightly, and passed to other hands - such as those of Sean Russell, another IRA Chief of Staff who went to Berlin to be given arms training by the Nazis. Russell masterminded an IRA bombing campaign in Britain in 1938/39 which took several lives at the very moment when the nation was girding itself for World War II. Russell was returning to Ireland aboard a German U-boat to head up a German-sponsored campaign of subversion and sabotage called 'Operation Dove' when he was stricken with appendicitis and died at sea - he was committed to the deep wrapped in a swastika flag. Despite his Nazi record, Russell was honoured after the war by Sinn Fein with a life-size statue in a Dublin park - until it was decapitated by unknown hands in 2004.
Nor was the attitude of the Dublin government to the Allied cause much better than that of the illegal IRA. De Valera went out of his way to obstruct and antagonise Britain and his native US (he was born in New York) at every step. In stark contrast, he did all he could to succour and encourage the enemies of freedom. When Subhas Chandra Bose proclaimed a Japanese sponsored puppet Government in India in 1943, Dev sent his congratulations, and he refused to allow fugitive Jews - including children - fleeing the Holocaust to settle in Ireland. Perhaps most shockingly of all, when the war ended, Ireland allowed itself to become the haven of choice for Nazi and Fascist war criminals fleeing justified retribution for their crimes.
British fascist leader Oswald Mosley found a welcome refuge in Ireland after he was freed from detention in London during the war. Andrija Artukovic, Interior Minister of the murderous Nazi Ustase movement in Croatia - responsible for the genocide of up to a million Serbs - also found a safe haven in Ireland. Otto Skorzeny, the SS commando leader responsible for rescuing Mussolini after his overthrow in 1943, and later the reputed head of ODESSA - the secret organisation helping ex-SS members on the run - bought property in the Emerald Isle and hob-nobbed with its spectacularly corrupt Premier Charlie Haughey. Most shamefully of all Yann Goulet, a Breton nationalist terrorist sentenced to death in France after the war for collaborating with the Nazi occupation, fled to Ireland from France with a clutch of fellow Breton Nazis to seek sanctuary with his Celtic bretheren.
Goulet, a sculptor in the heroic totalitarian mode, despite having headed a gang of Nazi collaborationist goons called the Bagadou Stourm, which fought and tortured members of the French Resistance under German guidance, was saved from facing the justice he deserved in post-war France by being granted Irish citizenship in 1952. From his safe place of exile, he masterminded a campaign of terrorist bombings in Brittany into the 1960s. Goulet was much in demand by the IRA - who admired him inordinately - as a sculptor of their memorials. His kitsch figures litter Ireland still - including one at Crossmaglen in Northern Ireland's former IRA bandit country; - and he was even asked by his IRA friends to make a death mask when IRA hunger striker Bobby Sands died. Unpunished for his war crimes, an associate of the Irish Academy, an art professor and an honoured citizen of the Republic, Yann Goulet died as recently as 1999.
The Irish writer Eoghan Harris wrote in 2007: 'You do not need a degree in history to figure out that we are experts in denial... Anglophobia and anti-Semitism allowed us to shut the national door on Jewish children. At the same time it allowed us to put out the welcome mat for a nasty piece of goods like Goulet...friend of Fascism and traitor to Brittany'. This, it seems to me, hits the nail squarely on the head. The red thread running through modern Irish history is not so much a sentimental love of courtry but hatred - a hatred which excuses and even applauds the evil of Nazism. If Ireland is finally facing up to this uncomfortable truth and its own dark past it is to be warmly welcomed - and it is not before time.
Adventure Time Card Wars Collector's Pack: Princess Bubblegum vs Lumpy Space Princess
The first smash-hit-sold-out-everywhere game of 2014 is expanding! This time, Princess Bubblegum and her NiceLands deck take on Lumpy Space Princess's totally rad dual-Landscape deck in a royal rumble.
First teased in the original two Collectors Pack sets, and then previewed in the For the Glory! Booster packs, NiceLands are finally playable. This new Landscape type is as fluffy as a little bunny nibbling on some grass. But if you give it an owwie on its widdle foot… boy howdy, do these guys get vicious!
The Princess Bubblegum NiceLands Deck:
NiceLands Creatures are all about using the damage on them to make them better. Most Creatures are looking for a particular sweet spot of damage. Sometimes you will want to heal damage from your Creatures to get them there. But sometimes you might actually damage your own Creatures to get them to that sweet spot. This new deck not only brings a new Landscape to the mix, but a whole new style of play.
The Lumpy Space Princess Useless Swamps & Blue Plains Deck:
​
Lumpy Space Princess's deck is a Useless Swamps and Blue Plains deck. This is the first time a Collector's Pack has featured something other than a mono-color deck. The Useless Swamp side of the deck is themed around discarding cards to power up your Creature abilities. Which is never a bad thing for the swampy side, as they thrive when they have built up a sizable discard pile.
​The Blue Plains side of the deck is themed around replacing Creatures you control. Many of the Creatures in this half of the deck get killer bonuses for replacing Creatures that were already in play. It complements the Useless Swamp desire for a large discard pile as well. Such synergy!
This new Princess Bubblegum vs Lumpy Space Princess Collector's Pack is a must-buy for the legions of players rabidly playing this game and still demanding more, more, more!
Survivor 2016: Why _________ Lost with David Bloomberg
Each week this season, Rob will talk with David Bloomberg (@DavidBloomberg and creator of Reality News Online) about why each voted out player “lost the game”. For more on David's rules of what David's Survivor rules are, listen to our “What Worlds Apart Survivors Should Have Learned” podcast.
This week, Rob talks with David Bloomberg about the reasons why Peih-Gee Law lost in Survivor Cambodia.
To review the short version of David's Rules, here is the quick version:
Rule 1: Scheme and Plot
Rule 2: Don't Scheme and Plot Too Much / Keep Your Scheming Secret
Rule 3: Be Flexible
Rule 4: Don't Let Your Emotions Control You
Rule 5: Pretend to be Nice / Play the Social Game
Rule 6: Don't Be Too Much of a Threat
Rule 7: Vote out the weak, Then the Strong, Then Weak, Then Strong
Appendix A: Do what it takes to get idols
Appendix B: Own Your Game at Final Tribal Council
——
Join us again next week when we discuss the next player voted out of the game.
Watch this week's Survivor Know-It-Alls:
Watch on Youtube
Subscribe to the Podcast:
(CNN) Lynn Anderson, whose version of the song "(I Never Promised You a) Rose Garden" was one of the biggest country hits of the 1970s, has died. She was 67.
Anderson died Thursday of a heart attack at Vanderbilt Hospital in Nashville after being admitted for pneumonia, publicist Mark Logsdon told CNN.
Anderson was born in Grand Forks, North Dakota, in 1947, and grew up in Sacramento, California. Born to the music business -- both her parents were songwriters -- she got her start as a professional singer while still in her teens, releasing her first record, "For Better or for Worse," when she was 19.
Lynn Anderson in 1971, when she was the biggest singer in country music.
Soon Anderson was having major success, with such hits as 1967's "If I Kiss You (Will You Go Away)" and 1969's "That's a No-No" and appearances on "The Lawrence Welk Show."
She had her biggest hit, the Joe South-penned "Rose Garden," in late 1970 and early 1971. The song was No. 1 on the country charts for five weeks and topped out at No. 3 on Billboard's pop charts.
"I totally believed in Joe South, and in this song," she told Country Stars Online . A share of the credit, Anderson added, was due to then-Columbia Records head Clive Davis, whom she called "my hero." It was Davis who championed the song as a single and helped promote it.
Her performance netted the singer a Grammy for best country vocal performance (female) and helped her win female vocalist of the year from the Country Music Association in 1971.
All told, Anderson had 18 country Top 10 hits, including five No. 1 songs. Among her other hits: "Rocky Top," the Felice and Boudleaux Bryant tune that's one of Tennessee's state songs. Anderson's version hit No. 17 on the country charts in 1970.
"I am a huge fan of Lynn's. She was always so nice to me. She did so much for the females in country music," country star Reba McEntire said in a statement.
Anderson's final album, "Bridges," came out last month.
The singer is survived by her father, Casey Anderson, partner, Mentor Williams, three children and four grandchildren.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
Far-right French Presidential hopeful Marine Le Pen has quietly pledged to close off same-sex marriage.
Front National leader Marine Le Pen is currently leading in first-round polls ahead of France's Presidential election.
Le Pen's party previously maintained strong ties to the anti-LGBT lobby, though it has recently made inroads with conservative gay voters, purporting to have “
But despite any “reforms”, Le Pen has now quietly confirmed plans to end same-sex marriage in the country, burying the policy announcement in a list of 144 pledges released last week.
Buried midway through the lengthy document at number 87, Le Pen promises to create an “improved” form of civil unions in the country to “replace” the equal marriage law passed under the current Socialist government in 2013.
The policy plan specifies that the changes would “not be retroactive”, sparing Le Pen the legal headache of trying to unpick or downgrade thousands of existing same-sex marriages, but the replacement plan would close same-sex marriage to new couples – meaning gays would once again only be able to enter civil partnerships.
It would be a return to the former status quo for France, which only permitted same-sex couples to enter a contractual form of civil union (PACS) from 1999 until 2013.
Le Pen's policy document does not specify exactly what “improvements” would be made to the PACS system.
As well as plans to tamper with equality laws, Le Pen also outlines plans to restrict fertility services, ending assistance for gay couples wanting to have children.
Ironically, the plans were snuck out under a sub-heading claiming FN would “allow everyone to find their place” in French society.
The policy shift is surprising given the FN's recently attempts to court gay voters, playing down reports of homophobia and taking advantage of fears over homophobic Islamic extremists.
Though she leads in the first-round poll, Le Pen is not expected to succeed in May's run-off election, where she will likely face either centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron or Republicans right-winger Francois Fillon.
Macron, the only supporter of LGBT rights among the top candidates, has faced ‘gay' smears in recent weeks from Russian state media outlets.
RQ-170 Sentinel Artist's rendering Role Unmanned aerial vehicle Manufacturer Lockheed Martin Introduction 2007 Status In service Primary user United States Air Force Number built ~20[1]
The Lockheed Martin RQ-170 Sentinel is an American unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) developed by Lockheed Martin and operated by the United States Air Force for the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA). While the USAF has released few details on the UAV's design or capabilities, defense analysts believe that it is a stealth aircraft fitted with aerial reconnaissance equipment.
Development [ edit ]
The RQ-170 Sentinel was developed by Lockheed Martin's Skunk Works as a stealth unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV). Journalists have noted design similarities between the RQ-170 and previous stealth and UAV programs such as the RQ-3 DarkStar and Polecat.[2][3] It is a tailless flying wing aircraft, with pods, presumably for sensors or SATCOMs, built into the upper surface of each wing. Few details of the UAV's characteristics have been released, but estimates of its wingspan range from approximately 65 feet (20 m)[4] to 90 feet (27 m).[5] In a December 2012 report, journalist David Axe stated that "20 or so" RQ-170s had been built.[1]
The "RQ" designation indicates that the RQ-170 Sentinel does not carry weapons.[6] Aviation Week's David A. Fulghum believes that the UAV is probably a "tactical, operations-oriented platform and not a strategic intelligence-gathering design".[4]
The USAF confirmed the "grainy photos of a gray, flying-wing-typed unmanned airplane near Kandahar Airfield."[7] Since then, this aircraft has been known as "The Beast of Kandahar" in relation to the discussion of the RQ-170 Sentinel on 4 December 2009.[4][8] A USAF colonel subsequently commented that RQ-170 is separate from the MQ-X program, which has yet to determine stealth or powerplant requirements, and thus the Sentinel will not replace the MQ-1 Predator and MQ-9 Reaper drones.[9] As of May 2011 , the U.S. military had not released any statements concerning the Sentinel since December 2009.[10]
Design [ edit ]
The RQ-170 is a flying wing design containing a single (as yet classified) engine and is estimated by Aviation Week as having a wingspan of approximately 66 feet (20 m).[11] Its takeoff weight is estimated as being greater than the RQ-3 DarkStar's, which was 8,500 pounds (3,900 kg). The design lacks several elements common to stealth engineering such as zig-zag edged landing gear doors and sharp leading edges, and the exhaust is not shielded by the wing.[11] Aviation Week postulates that these elements suggest the designers have avoided 'highly sensitive technologies' due to the near certainty of eventual operational loss inherent with a single engine design and a desire to avoid the risk of compromising leading edge technology.[11] The publication also suggests that the medium-grey color implies a mid-altitude ceiling, unlikely to exceed 50,000 feet (15,000 m) since a higher ceiling would normally be painted darker for best concealment.[11] The postulated weight and ceiling parameters suggests the possible use of a General Electric TF34 engine, or a variant, in the airframe.[11]
US Army recognition drawings of the RQ-170
On the basis of the few publicly available photographs of the RQ-170, aviation expert Bill Sweetman has assessed that the UAV is equipped with an electro-optical/infrared sensor and possibly an active electronically scanned array (AESA) radar mounted in its belly fairing. He has also speculated that the two undercarriage fairings over the UAV's wings may house datalinks and that the belly fairing could be designed for modular payloads, allowing the UAV to be used for strike missions and/or electronic warfare.[12] The New York Times has reported that the RQ-170 is "almost certainly" equipped with communications intercept equipment as well as highly sensitive sensors capable of detecting very small amounts of radioactive isotopes and chemicals which may indicate the existence of nuclear weapons facilities.[13]
Following Iranian claims of downing an RQ-170 near the Afghan border in December 2011, Iranian TV showed video footage of what appears to be an advanced unmanned U.S. aircraft that most closely resembles the RQ-170 UAV. In the footage, a member of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard released dimensions of the aircraft, including a wingspan of about 26 metres (85 ft), a height of 1.84 metres (6.0 ft), and a length of 4.5 metres (15 ft).[14]
Operational history [ edit ]
The 30th Reconnaissance Squadron operates RQ-170 Sentinels. This squadron, which is based at Tonopah Test Range Airport in Nevada, was activated on 1 September 2005. RQ-170 Sentinels have been deployed to Afghanistan, where one was sighted at Kandahar International Airport in late 2007.[4] This sighting, and the Sentinel's secret status at the time, led Bill Sweetman to dub it the "Beast of Kandahar".[15] The UAV being deployed to Afghanistan, despite the Taliban having no radar, led to speculation that the aircraft was used to spy on Pakistan or Iran: "Phil Finnegan, a UAV analyst at the Teal Group, an aerospace consulting firm, suggests the stealth capabilities are being used to fly in nearby countries. Neighboring Iran has an air force and air defense system that would require stealth technology to penetrate."[16][17]
In December 2009, South Korea's JoongAng Daily newspaper reported that the RQ-170 Sentinel had been test-flown in South Korea for the past few months and that it was expected that they would be permanently deployed in 2010 to replace Lockheed U-2 reconnaissance aircraft operating from Osan Air Base.[18] In response to this report, Bill Sweetman argued that the Sentinel's deployments to Afghanistan and South Korea were probably undertaken to monitor Pakistan and North Korea's ballistic missile programs.[19]
In August 2010, Aviation Week reported that RQ-170s either had been or were about to be redeployed to Afghanistan and that the UAVs had been fitted with a full motion video capability.[20] The missions performed by these aircraft included flying dozens of high-altitude sorties over Pakistan to monitor a compound in the town of Abbottabad where Osama bin Laden was believed to be living. On 2 May 2011, at least one RQ-170 monitored the area while elements of the United States Naval Special Warfare Development Group launched an assault on the compound which resulted in bin Laden's death. The aircraft provided footage of the attack which was watched live by President Barack Obama and his senior national security advisors. The RQ-170 also monitored Pakistani military radio transmissions in the area to provide warning of the response to the attack.[21] On 27 May the Los Angeles Times reported that Pakistani officials were "alarmed" by the use of the RQ-170 over their country as the drones are "designed to evade radar and other surveillance systems, and can be used as a spy plane".[22]
In October 2012 a RQ-170 was used to conduct bomb damage assessment for a test drop of a Massive Ordnance Penetrator bomb from a Northrop Grumman B-2 Spirit stealth bomber.[23]
Iranian capture and reverse engineering claims [ edit ]
The American built RQ-170 in Iran.
On 4 December 2011, media reports stated that the Iranian Army's electronic warfare unit[24][25][26][27] had downed an RQ-170 that violated Iranian airspace along its eastern border through overriding its controls, and had captured the lightly damaged UAV.[28] On 6 December, U.S. officials acknowledged that a drone crashed in or near Iranian airspace and that it belonged to the CIA and not to ISAF as was earlier stated.[29]
The Iranian government released footage of a captured RQ-170 on 8 December.[30] After examining the video on 8 December, U.S. officials confirmed that the drone was genuine.[31][32] In April 2012, General Amir Ali Hajizadeh, the commander of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps aerospace division, claimed that Iran had reversed-engineered the RQ-170, and was building a copy of the UAV. He also stated that data was being recovered from the captured RQ-170.[33][34][35] The semi-official Tasnim news agency of Iran reported in September 2016 that a UAV named Saegheh, similar in appearance to the RQ-170 Sentinel, had been built. It was said to be able to carry four precision-guided bombs; range was not stated.[36]
Operators [ edit ]
United States
Specifications (RQ-170) [ edit ]
Data from[citation needed]
General characteristics
Crew: 3 on ground
3 on ground Length: 14 ft 9 in (4.5 m)
14 ft 9 in (4.5 m) Wingspan: 65 ft 7 in (19.99 m)
65 ft 7 in (19.99 m) Height: 6 ft (1.8 m) estimated
6 ft (1.8 m) estimated Powerplant: 1 × Garrett TFE731 or General Electric TF34[11] turbofan
Performance
Service ceiling: 50,000 ft (15,000 m) (estimated)[37]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Squads of military-trained agents deployed by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration are muddling the war on terror in Central Asia with the drug war in Central America.
On Monday, The New York Times reported:
The D.E.A. now has five commando-style squads it has been quietly deploying for the past several years to Western Hemisphere nations—including Haiti, Honduras, the Dominican Republic, Guatemala and Belize—that are battling drug cartels, according to documents and interviews with law enforcement officials. The program—called FAST, for Foreign-deployed Advisory Support Team—was created during the George W. Bush administration to investigate Taliban-linked drug traffickers in Afghanistan. Beginning in 2008 and continuing under President Obama, it has expanded far beyond the war zone.
In Honduras last March, a training mission including one of the D.E.A. squads and Honduran police was interrupted “when they received word that a suspicious plane from Venezuela was being tracked to a clandestine landing strip nearby.” After a 20 minute firefight during which a Honduran officer was wounded and two drug traffickers were killed, the law enforcement officials seized the plane's cocaine and withdrew from the skirmish.
The D.E.A. squads' expansion to the Western Hemisphere is the latest evidence of the war on terror seeping into the drug war. Mike Riggs recently reported on some House Republicans' wishes to designate Mexican drug cartels as “Foreign Terrorist Organizations,” a move that would allow U.S. law enforcement officials to pursue cartels more aggressively but would also probably damage U.S.-Mexico relations.
Eric Olson of the Woodrow Wilson International Center's Mexico Institute gave Riggs his thoughts on the subject:
“The government of Mexico certainly does not describe the organizations as terrorist organizations. They're not like Al Qaeda. They're not motivated by an ideology or a religion, they don't have an intention of taking over the government and running the country. They're not enemies attempting to tear down the United States. They wreak terror on civilians, there's no question about that. But they're not organized in the same fashion.”
Riggs also noted that State Department official William Brownfield has testified that cartels' activities in Mexico are different from activities in “other parts of the world that we describe as having insurgencies.” Brownfield added that "if we cannot reach basic agreement with the government of Mexico, our efforts will probably not succeed. It has to be cooperative, they have to agree."
Read Riggs' related coverage on why waging the war on drugs in Latin America is a gold mine for contractors and a waste for taxpayers.
US Solar Grows 95% In 2016 In Record-Breaking Year
February 15th, 2017 by Joshua S Hill
The United States solar market had its biggest year to date in 2016, growing a phenomenal 95%, installing a fantastic 14.5 gigawatts of new solar capacity, according to new statistics released today.
The latest US Solar Market Insight report from GTM Research and the Solar Energy Industries Association (SEIA) was published today, revealing that 2016 blew all expectations away. 2015 itself had been a record-breaking year, with the US solar market installing 7.5 gigawatts (GW) of new solar capacity. But 2016 almost doubled that total, growing 95% in one year to install a total of 14,625 megawatts (MW), and becoming the leading source of new electric generating capacity installed through the year, with 39% of new capacity across all fields.
“What these numbers tell you is that the solar industry is a force to be reckoned with,” said Abigail Ross Hopper, SEIA's president and CEO. “Solar's economically-winning hand is generating strong growth across all market segments nationwide, leading to more than 260,000 Americans now employed in solar.”
In fact, it was a great year for US renewables, with solar accounting for 39% of all new electric generating capacity during the year, and wind accounting for 26%.
“In a banner year for US solar, a record 22 states each added more than 100 megawatts,” added Cory Honeyman, GTM Research's associate director of US solar research. “While U.S. solar grew across all segments, what stands out is the double digit gigawatt boom in utility-scale solar, primarily due to solar's cost competitiveness with natural gas alternatives.”
Utility-scale solar led the way in 2016, while non-residential exceeded expectations, thanks to two major segments — community solar recorded a record of more than 200 MW, while rate design and net energy metering “fueled a rush in project development and installation growth across a number of major state markets, most notably in California.”
Overall this should come as no surprise, given just how impressive the third quarter was for US solar. The SEIA published figures back in December which showed that not only did the third quarter see a total of 4.1 GW installed, but that the fourth quarter was expected to be even higher. At the time, GTM Research predicted that 4.8 GW would be brought online in the fourth quarter.
Here's one from the odd-but-true department: we are more likely to spend old, soiled money faster than crisp, new notes. You might object that this makes no sense at all - twenty dollars is twenty dollars, right? If fact, new research from Canadian scientists show that we are more likely to spend or gamble with currency that is old and worn.
Currency Isn't Interchangeable
We think of money as being infinitely interchangeable. Any $5 bill is equivalent to any other. Five $20 bills are the same as one $100 bill. Unfortunately, it's not true, at least from the standpoint of human behavior. We tend to spend small bills faster than large bills. So, if your wallet is full of $5 bills you'll likely buy more stuff than if you have the same amount of money in larger bills.
The magnitude of the difference in spending rates is startling. The Canadian reseachers found that subjects spent an average of $3.68 when given a crisp, new $20 bill, but more than double that - $8.35 - when given an old bill.
Making Change
In these days of heavy use of electronic payment methods, the way our brains process cash may be less and less important. Still, with differences like the ones observed here, merchants might want to think about dispensing worn money to customer to increase the chance they'll spend it in the store. Of course, checking out is often the last thing the consumer does in many shopping situations, meaning any "old money" benefit would accrue to other stores.
One vaguely ridiculous idea that might actually work would be to set up a station as customers entered the store. This station would offer a small premium to buy crisp, higher denomination bills, exchanging them for worn bills of smaller value. This would be a fun experiment, and perhaps effective, but seems unlikely to be implemented.
Bet on This
The researchers also found people were far more willing to gamble with worn money. I saw this research after my last visit to Las Vegas, but it wouldn't surprise me in the least that casinos have known about this tendency. I'm sure casino operators hate to see customers cashing in chips and vouchers for cash, so what better way to get the customer back in the game than giving them a pile of old bills?
Can YOU think of a way for a business to act on this aspect of our behavior? Do you think you spend old money more quickly, or is it just everyone else who is subject to these irrational impulses?
Roger Dooley is the author of Brainfluence: 100 Ways to Persuade and Convince Consumers with Neuromarketing (Wiley, 2011). Find Roger on Twitter as @rogerdooley and at his website, Neuromarketing.
Classified data on a joint program run by the National Security Agency (NSA) and the Army was accidentally leaked online, according to new research.
Researchers at cybersecurity firm Upguard discovered the data, which was stored on an Amazon Web Services cloud storage bucket without a password, allowing anyone on the internet with knowledge of the URL to access its contents.
According to Upguard, the unsecured server contained data belonging to the U.S. Army Intelligence and Security Command, a military intelligence and information operations unit jointly run by the Army and the NSA.
ADVERTISEMENT
Upguard security expert Chris Vickery notified the Pentagon of the data exposure in late September and was informed on Oct. 10 that the exposed data was secured. The owner of the storage bucket, however, remains unknown.
The Pentagon did not immediately return a request for comment.
The bucket, researchers say, held dozens of viewable files, including a downloadable virtual hard drive used for secure communications within the federal government. When opened, the file revealed data labeled with the classification “NOFORN” — indicating that the information cannot be shared with foreign government allies.
Based on their analysis of the files, the researchers believe the data to be associated with a troubled Army intelligence platform called “Red Disk.”
Upguard periodically exposes accidental data exposures online. For instance, the firm spotted data on roughly 2 million Dow Jones customers that had been overexposed on the internet as a result of a cloud configuration error over the summer.
This is the final part of our three- part debate on Scottish Independence. To see the background of Scottish Independence please click here
Stephen Gethins*
Scotland is an ancient European nation with a strong identity and long history of inter-action with the international community including its European and Commonwealth partners (including those in the rest of the UK) and broader international community. On 18 September 2014 the people will vote in an Independence Referendum on whether or not to re-establish Scotland's status as an independent nation. I intend to vote yes.
Scotland is a wealthy country with the best renewable energy and oil reserves in the European Union, a healthy and vibrant food and drink sector that is growing quickly across the world, successful Life Sciences industry and some of the best Universities in the World. It has a thriving and diverse economy that more than pays its way contributing more to the Treasury in London than it gets back. Indeed for the past 32 years Scotland has generated more tax per head than the UK as a whole.
This was reflected in the recent Financial Times article showing that Scotland is a significant contributor to the UK's wealth with 9.2% of the UK's GDP coming from Scotland compared to having just 8.3% of the population. Indeed the London based Financial Times stated that “An independent Scotland could also expect to start with healthier state finances than the rest of the UK.”
In short I want to see Scotland's status restored as a normal Independent country. I believe that we will all be better off if decisions about Scotland are made by the people who live and work here.
That will not only be better for Scotland but also will lead to a better relationship between the nations of the British Isles. I worked in the European Union in Brussels for a number of years and have seen the strong and constructive partnership between Ireland and the UK there. A partnership of equals where the two States work together when it is in their national interest to do so and agree to disagree where the two countries do not. That means a better and more constructive relationship between the two countries. Scotland would give England a strong ally in Europe and in the rest of the World where our interests are in common. England and Scotland would benefit from a strong but more equal partnership.
Scotland is fortunate and has strong ties across the World. This Summer we look forward to welcoming countries from across the Commonwealth including Bangladesh to Glasgow for the Commonwealth games. That will be followed by the Ryder Cup at Gleneagles, one of the biggest sporting events on Earth and the MTV Europe Music awards in Glasgow. Those ties will remain and for Scotland will be strengthened by the opportunity to engage with our partners internationally on our own terms rather than through a middle man in London.
That means making our own policy where it suits Scotland determined by the democratic will of the Scottish people. Scotland will be a partner for peace and security in the World on its own terms. Independence means that we can remove Trident nuclear missiles from Scottish soil. That will save the Scottish taxpayer hundreds of millions of pounds every year – Trident is estimated to cost about £100 billion over its lifetime – and at the same time removing what many Scots consider to be immoral weapons of mass destruction from our soil. We will also be able to decide where Scotland takes part in military engagements, it is very unlikely that an independent Scotland would have taken part in the Iraq War for example.
In Europe we will also be able to make Scotland's case rather than relying on the UK. This is all the more important as the UK loses influence in the European Union as the UK edges towards the exit. Europe has a huge impact on the energy, fishing, education and agriculture industries among others. Right now we depend on the UK Government for representation and often Scotland's interest are considered secondary to the rest of the UK as Scotland's fishermen in particular will testify (when the UK joined the EEC the UK Government described Scotland's fishing interests as ‘expendable').
We want Scotland to take its place as a full Member State that will work with our partners in Scotland's interests rather than carping from the sidelines. Scotland will be a roughly medium sized EU Member State and critically have significantly more clout than it does at present. There is also a very real possibility that an Independent Scotland could remain in the EU if the rest of the UK leaves after 2017.
Domestically Scotland will be able to make decisions that best suit Scotland. In a wide range of areas it is clear that the Scottish and UK Governments are diversifying in domestic policy. In Scotland the principle of free education is an important one that the Government here has committed to whereas the UK Government has decided to charge for access to higher education. Many Scots would like to see a more open approach to immigration and may companies have complained about the overly stringent UK policies. Scotland has also embraced the opportunities posed by the transition to the low carbon economy and meeting its obligations to tackle climate change. This resulted in significant investment in the renewable energy industry for example with some of the most ambitious climate change targets in the World giving industry much needed certainty. This contrasts sharply with a UK Government that is increasingly opposed to taking meaningful action on global warming.
These are just a few examples of where there is clear divergence in policy priorities between Scotland and England. Where there are differences that should be up to the democratically elected Governments in both countries to decide for themselves. All we are asking for is that Scots should be represented by a Government it votes for and working with our colleagues in England on a more equal basis. The only way to deliver that is by re-establishing the normal powers of Independence.
* Stephen Gethins is an SNP (Scottish National Party) candidate for the European Parliament elections. Stephen was also a Political Advisor with the Committee of the Regions in the European Union, a position which saw him working with local authorities from across Europe. He also worked at Scotland Europa, helping Scottish organisations gain influence and funding in the EU.
Advertisements
Valley Preferred Cycling Center
1151 Mosser Road
Breinigsville, PA 18031
From New York City (Newark airport) or east:
Take I-78 West to Exit 49A (Route 100 South). Follow Route 100 South past the 3rd traffic light and turn right onto Route 222 South/Route 100 South. Get into the left lane and make a left turn at the next traffic light onto Cetronia Road. Take the second right turn onto Mosser Road and follow .4 miles to Valley Preferred Cycling Center, located on the left side of the road.
From Philadelphia:
Take I-95 to I-476 North to Exit 56 (Lehigh Valley). Take Route 22 West and follow to Exit 49A (Route 100 South). Follow Route 100 South past the 3rd traffic light and turn right onto Route 222 South/Route 100 South. Get into the left lane and make a left turn at the next traffic light onto Cetronia Road. Take the second right turn onto Mosser Road and follow .4 miles to Valley Preferred Cycling Center, located on the left side of the road.
From Harrisburg, York, or further west:
Take I-83 North to I-81 East. Follow I-81 East until it separates from I-78. Take I-78 East (Allentown) and follow to Exit 49A (Route 100 South). Follow Route 100 South past the 3rd traffic light and turn right onto Route 222 South/Route 100 South. Get into the left lane and make a left turn at the next traffic light onto Cetronia Road. Take the second right turn onto Mosser Road and follow .4 miles to Valley Preferred Cycling Center, located on the left side of the road.
From Scranton and north:
Take the Pennsylvania Turnpike (I-476) to Exit 56 (Lehigh Valley). Take Route 22 West and follow to Exit 49A (Route 100 South). Follow Route 100 South past the 3rd traffic light and turn right onto Route 222 South/Route 100 South. Get into the left lane and make a left turn at the next traffic light onto Cetronia Road. Take the second right turn onto Mosser Road and follow .4 miles to Valley Preferred Cycling Center, located on the left side of the road.
Queensland ambulance fleet tracking system goes public
Updated
A system that tracks the number of ambulances on the road at any one time in Queensland has been made public.
Queensland Ambulance Service (QAS) senior managers have already been using software that tracks all their vehicles and maps their movements across the state in real time to within 50 metres.
QAS assistant commissioner Craig Emery said the public could now view the deployment of ambulances via the QAS website.
He said specific location data would be withheld to preserve patient confidentiality.
"On our website is a map of Queensland that someone can click into for their current location and see the available resources that are around them at any given time," he said.
Queensland Health Minister Lawrence Springborg said it would be invaluable in assessing allegations of hospital ramping or poor response times.
"You will sometimes have discussions and certain assertions made about ambulance resources," he said.
Sorry, this video has expired Video: Queensland public given access to ambulance GPS data (7pm TV News QLD)
"If there are issues surrounding the response in individual circumstances that people have concerns about then the QAS are able to go back through that and to be able to track that as well.
"All of this information will be used for an online mapping service on the Queensland ambulance website.
"You'll be able to see how many units are available, how many are busy and at hospitals and a general idea of where they are.
"The QAS have done a great job putting information out through social media but this is a step beyond that where people can now go online and see for themselves how many vehicles are available and how many are being used at a hospital and also responding to emergency situations."
Mr Emery said supervisors were also being given tablet devices so they could monitor the iROAM system while outside the office.
"Our supervisors love it - you never see them without them tucked under their arm or in their car," he said.
Mr Emery said tablets would be rolled out to the remainder of the 3,500-strong workforce over the coming months with varying levels of access to the program.
"We're able to be more mobile and operate more efficiently," he said.
Topics: emergency-planning, state-parliament, brisbane-4000, bundaberg-4670, cairns-4870, gladstone-4680, longreach-4730, mackay-4740, maroochydore-4558, mount-isa-4825, rockhampton-4700, southport-4215, toowoomba-4350, townsville-4810
First posted
TOLLAND, CT—Responding with lightning-quick reflexes to her dinner guest's proposal, area mother Linda McGregor reportedly grabbed a 10-inch chef's knife Thursday night and held it up to the throat of family friend Diane Wallace following her offer to help with the dishes. “Say one more thing about clearing the table or putting the dishes in the dishwasher, Diane, and I'll gut you like a fish,” said the 56-year-old, intently staring into Wallace's eyes as she pressed the blade just firmly enough against the woman's neck for it to draw a single bead of blood. “Pour yourself another glass of red wine and just forget all about these dirty plates, the used silverware, or any of the pots and pans. Because if you even so much as step foot in the kitchen while I'm cleaning up, the next thing you'll see—the last thing you'll see—is me slicing you open from head to toe. Got it?” Sources confirmed McGregor later plunged the knife deep into her husband's chest when he asked her if she would leave the dishes for later and join the rest of the party for a game of Scattergories.
Advertisement
There is nothing more tempting than a locked door. This is why I keep Algernon in a doorless pantry, high up on the shelf behind a great jar of pickled eggs. Algernon sleeps the days away in this cool, quiet, restful habitat, safely sealed inside another, smaller jar.
No thief, government agent, or family member would ever look there. Nor do I fear anyone in this house would dare to eat a pickled egg, for I have made the family watch Cool Hand Luke to stamp out their curiosity.
The jar of eggs will never be removed. It was in my mother's pantry when she died, and is dear to me. Or so I tell my wife, each and every spring, when she pleads with me again to throw them out.
But in truth, the pickled eggs merely give Algernon privacy – particularly from my wife, who would react badly to his presence.
After checking over my shoulder to be sure none of my children were watching, I pushed aside the eggs this very morning. Algernon, I said. Or thought, rather – I have found telepathy a surprisingly easy trick to learn.
Algernon did not stir – he is resentful, often ‘acting out' by feigning death. Were I permanently sealed in a jar of faintly luminescent blue goo, my reaction to the irregular visits of an inferior being might be the same.
Annoyed, I put my hand on the jar lid and imagined shaking it just hard enough to send the three-pound fetus bumping against the glass. His nostril-slits opened in reflex, and his great black eyes opened, bringing his thoughts in a tired whisper: What is it this time?
My keys, I thought. I've lost them.
Again? What a shock, Algernon thought, adding a strong dose of sarcasm. Misery loves company, they say. I have found this especially true for jar-bound telepaths.
Unwilling to join his foul mood, I imagined shaking the jar again, thinking: I have to go to the store for bread and milk. The kids want French toast. I need those keys, right now.
He closed his eyes again, but in concentration. The sensation of his mind searching through mine is always disconcerting, but usually short-lived. They're on the dresser, Algernon thought, not bothering to hide his contempt. Under that stack of bills you were going to pay yesterday. His eyes squeezed tight as he turned away in a swirl of electric blue.
Thank you, Algernon, I thought. Go back to sleep now. And then, as always, I thought: You never know what you'll find at a government surplus auction. Open a sealed crate and you may just strike gold.
Before I pushed the pickled eggs back into place, Algernon recalled his own view of that day: the sudden, harsh light, and then my human face, made even more alien and hideous to him by the distortion of the glass. His thought came with more despair than scorn: You never know what you will wind up belonging to.
The parade's not 'til Sunday, but the public adulation of unrepentant FALN terrorist Oscar López Rivera is already under way.
OLR got a hero's welcome at an “NYC Victory Celebration” at Hostos College in The Bronx on Thursday, and he's made the media rounds to sort-of explain away the FALN's hundred-plus terror bombings in the 1970s and early '80s.
OLR waxed defiant, thanking the parade organizers who didn't allow sponsors “to blackmail it or dictate what it should do” — that is, to make it drop plans to honor him.
In an interview with WABC7, he insisted that he and the FALN “had to protect ourselves, to protect the independence movement, to fight for Puerto Rican independence.” Puerto Ricans, he argued, have a right to fight against the crime of colonialism.
Though he denied having blood on his hands, he also justified violence: “We were doing whatever was absolutely necessary for us to do.” Tellingly, he then cut himself off mid-sentence rather than spell anything out: “We thought it was necessary to . . .”
In fact, violence that killed and maimed innocents was what put OLR and the FALN on the map — no one would bother talking of them as “heroes” if they hadn't done time for those terrorist crimes. They turned to terror to promote a losing cause.
Nor would US authorities have persecuted them for advocating independence, a perfectly honorable and legal cause. (Californians are now safely calling for secession.)
The minuscule percentages who vote for independence in referendum after referendum is proof enough of the movement's lack of appeal. And the admirable record of Puerto Rican service in the US military, including the deaths of many real heroes, is ample evidence of how many islanders are proud American patriots.
Melissa Mark-Viverito and her allies are still using the parade to promote their false history and to idolize an evil man.
It's a cynical, extremist ploy that taints a joyous celebration. For shame.
Game not playable - Bug report
[3000ad.com]
I tried to play Line of Defense now for a couple of hours. The only thing "playable" is the starship. I could not manage to get to one of the four maps, because the game is constantly crashing in loading screen (Maps Heatwave and Nightbridge). If i choose the map Frostbite, i find myself at the login screen and after logging in again, the map loads. After loading i find myself always fallen through the world, always exactly at the same position. If i choose map Gulge, i always spawn at the same point, unable to move properly but the complete map flickering like crazy. Changes to resolution or quality of the graphis did not affect that behaviour, it is always reproduceable.Although DirectX11 is recommended, the game is completely unable to start under DirectX11 and gives only the message: Failed to initialize engine.In short: The game is not playable. Nothing of the advertised features work, i'm not even able to make it to a map to explore anything.Here is my system:Win8.1, i7-4770K, 32 GB RAM, GTX970When will you fix this to make the game playable at least? Is there a patch coming soon?Please give me a statement soon.Sincerely,BenPS: I also reported this here
Pascal Smet apologized for comparing Brussels to a whore while detailing his "One Brussels" city plan | Laurie Dieffembacq/AFP via Getty Images EU CONFIDENTIAL Brussels is like ‘a whore,' says minister Pascal Smet wants to reform the city's wasteful, bureaucratic structures.
Charles Michel, Belgium's prime minister, on Friday attacked Pascal Smet, a Flemish social democratic rival, for comparing the city of Brussels to "a whore."
Michel said the city of Brussels and its people "deserve more respect."
Smet, the mobility and public works minister of the Brussels region, told POLITICO's EU Confidential podcast: "I compare Brussels very often with a whore, with a prostitute. Because at the same time it's beautiful, it's very horny, but at the same time it's very ugly. It's attractive and at the same time unattractive. It's nice in its ugliness and ugly in its niceness.”
Smet later apologized for his comments, made while outlining a "One Brussels" plan to unify governance across the city's fragmented local and regional governments, which he says will save taxpayers €1 billion and abolish 800 political posts.
The Battle for Brussels
According to Smet, transforming Brussels is a generational problem. The current leadership are “dinosaurs” and act like a “junta,” he said.
The so-called dinosaurs are not going quietly, however.
Laurette Onkelinx, head of the French-speaking Socialist Party in Brussels, said within two hours of the plan going public: "It's rubbish!"
Smet's boss Rudi Vervoor, minister-president of the Brussels Region, tweeted "Get to work instead of testing phantom solutions for our region."
There was also criticism from Didier Reynders, the country's deputy prime minister and foreign affairs minister, who said Smet's "misogyny" was "inadmissible."
Les propos #misogynes de Pascal Smet sont inadmissibles. — didier reynders (@dreynders) December 15, 2017
Smet sees his allies as young voters and people working in and around the European Union, to whom he wants to deliver additional voting rights, and said that government services should be available in English.
According to the plans, Brussels' 19 municipalities would merge into a Brussels regional government, leaving one executive for the city. It would also have one budget and one set of social services instead of 19 and, controversially, one police force instead of six.
In his apology Smet changed his analogy to: "Brussels is a dual city. It pulls in and pushes away."
Smet's reform plan had already attracted considerable backlash from local power brokers worried about political incursions into their territory.
Brussels governments have faced a wave of corruption scandals this year, and there was a deluge of negative international publicity in 2016 about how Brussels and Belgium try to prevent terrorism.
"Everybody is competent for something but nobody is responsible," Smet said. "They are just simply too many politicians who can't get votes by saying no" to plans for urban improvements like bicycle lanes and pedestrian areas in Brussels city center.
Smet's plans also include doing away with the many intermediary organizations that run parts of Brussels' public services, known as intercommunales — structures that just months ago caused a political crisis in the French-speaking Socialist Party that led to the party being kicked out of the regional government in the southern part of the country, Wallonia.
More solidarity between rich and poor, a simpler and more efficient city management and an end to Brussels' political absurdities. Here's my plan for a new Brussels: fewer politicians, more participation and the right for EU nationals to vote. One city, #OneBrussels ! pic.twitter.com/Zv4I0NOPiJ — Pascal Smet (@SmetPascal) December 15, 2017
https://twitter.com/JoVanobost/status/941648723419062273
Last summer, Brussels Mayor Ivan Mayeur had to step down over a scandal involving an intercommunale. Mayeur, who is from the French-speaking Socialist Party and had been mayor since 2013, lost the support of political allies after he failed to justify payments of up to €1,400 per month for attending board meetings of Samusocial, which provides shelter for homeless people and largely relies on volunteers.
If he can beat back complaints about his vision and rhetoric, Smet says reform will have to come one step at a time. "I would like to have a big shock," he said. "But unfortunately in bustling democracies it doesn't work like that. So it has to be bottom up."
Former Newcastle lord mayor Jeff McCoy launches Supreme Court challenge against ICAC Commissioner
Updated
A former Newcastle lord mayor has launched a Supreme Court challenge seeking the removal of ICAC Commissioner Megan Latham from an inquiry into a political donations scandal.
The corruption watchdog's Operation Spicer inquiry is investigating claims MPs received and concealed payments from prohibited donors.
Developer and former lord mayor of Newcastle Jeff McCloy gave evidence at the hearings, famously describing himself as a "walking ATM" when it came to handing out money to politicians.
Although the findings are yet to be released, the hearings ended the careers of several Liberal MPs and forced Mr McCloy to resign.
The businessman is already trying to overturn the laws preventing developer donations in the High Court, but he is now taking action in the NSW Supreme Court, seeking to have Commissioner Latham removed.
His legal team will argue her actions before and during the hearings "displayed an apprehension of bias".
Mr McCloy cites a speech Commissioner Latham made to the NSW Bar Association last year, describing the questioning of witnesses during public inquiries as being like "pulling wings off butterflies because you've already worked out what you want to get out of the witness and you know exactly what you expect the witness to say".
Mr McCloy's legal team will also ask the court to stop the ICAC from publishing or presenting to parliament any report relating to Operation Spicer.
The NSW shadow Attorney General Paul Lynch will not say whether he believes the court action is a stalling tactic, but he doubts it will succeed.
"I must say I am quite surprised that there would be a claim of bias or apprehended bias, I'd be very surprised if that claim was upheld," he said.
"It also strikes me as a quite interesting tactic to make this application so long after the event.
"If the things that were alleged in fact happened then you would have thought something would have happened instantaneously rather than such a delay."
The case is due to be heard in Supreme Court on September 16.
Topics: corruption, state-parliament, local-government, urban-development-and-planning, newcastle-2300, charlestown-2290
First posted
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Scotland First Minister on Catalonia: "How can Catalans legally express their view?
Nicola Sturgeon says her government will pay a so-called "settled status" fee of any EU citizen working in the public sector in Scotland.
Prime Minister Theresa May has offered settled status to EU migrants who have lived in the UK for five years.
However, the UK government has hinted that those applying for the status will have to pay a fee.
Scotland's first minister made the announcement ahead of her party's annual conference in Glasgow.
The three-day conference is the party's 83rd and the first since June's general election, when the SNP lost 21 of the 56 seats it won in 2015.
They included those of former leader Alex Salmond and its deputy leader Angus Robertson.
Speaking on the BBC's Andrew Marr programme, Ms Sturgeon said EU migrants had made a big contribution and their right to remain in Scotland should be guaranteed.
She said: "It appears that the UK government is going to make EU citizens apply for what they're calling settled status and possibly charge a fee for that.
"They haven't said what that fee would be, but if it's the same as it is for residents, it will be around £65.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Nicola Sturgeon said it was time for dialogue to replace confrontation in Catalonia
"We will pay that for workers in the public sector. Why? Because it helps individuals, it helps us keep vital workers in the NHS and public services and it sends a message to EU nationals that we want them to stay here because we welcome them."
Ms Sturgeon also discussed the disputed referendum in Catalonia, but refused to say whether or not she would recognise an independent Catalonia, should its government declare independence.
She told the programme: "What I think has to be recognised is the strength of feeling in Catalonia.
"I think it's now time for dialogue to replace confrontation."
She added: "You cannot simply say the right of a people to choose their future is illegal in all circumstances."
'Right to choose'
When pressed on whether she would back the Catalan leaders, she responded: "We'd recognise the decisions and the statements that were made, but I'm not going to speculate here on what will happen in Catalonia before it happens.
"I'm not in control of that. It's not for me to decide what is the right future for Catalonia."
She added: "My view is that is shouldn't be resolved by both sides going further to extreme positions.
"It should be resolved by both sides coming together to try to find a way forward in this that respects all of these principles - the rule of law, democracy and the right to choose."
Ms Sturgeon will address her party's conference on Tuesday afternoon.
Her deputy and Education Secretary John Swinney opened the three-day event at the SECC by announcing a new system of bursaries to tempt professionals from science, technology and maths subjects into teaching.
He told delegates that with "chaos on the left and chaos on the right, through it all the SNP government stands firm" as "a beacon of progressive, effective government, delivering for all of the people of Scotland".
Analysis
Image copyright PA
By BBC Scotland political editor Brian Taylor
There has long been a dilemma confronting the SNP when preparing for a party conference. Do they yell Freedom and energise the faithful? Or do they ca' canny with the aim of attracting the unpersuaded?
In practice, of course, they customarily offer a bit of both. The issue, then, is emphasis, prioritisation. Thus far, the Glasgow conference defaults rather towards caution.
I think we may reasonably pay little heed to those who point out that there is no formal debate at the conference on independence.
It is not the case - not remotely the case - that the issue of Scotland's constitutional future is being ignored. Indeed, in his opening keynote speech, John Swinney drew huge applause and cheers when he urged delegates to "rededicate ourselves to independence."
It is rather a question of tactics. There is more of an emphasis upon what we might call, for short, the day job.
Read more from Brian here.
Introduction
In 1636, directions were given to Lord Maltravers and Sir Francis Crane “to make a new sort of farthing token which should have a little brass in the middle of the copper to distinguish the true farthings from forgeries.” The harp on the reverse was replaced by a rose, and hence these pieces are known as the Rose farthings, and are the last made under the patent of Charles I, which was abolished during the interregnum.
This is the first time this ‘brass plug' method was used on coinage
It is a concept similar to the so-called St Patrick's farthings. so it is natural that one might look for a link between the two
Tokenhouse introduced a brass segment into the new Rose issues, which virtually defeated the forgers at a stroke Consequently, Rose counterfeits are RARE.
These Rose farthing was much smaller and thicker than the Maltravers, but the revolutionary development was the metal and construction of the coin; most of the coin was copper, but a small “plug” of brass was inserted into part of the coin. This made the Rose farthing an early example of a bimetallic coin and also almost impossible to counterfeit, and the production of forgeries soon ended.
The obverse shows two sceptres through a crown, and the legend CAROLVS DG MAG BRIT — Charles, by the grace of God, of Great Britain
— The reverse shows a double rose and the continuing inscription FRAN ET HIB REX — France and Ireland, King .
— . These issues have inner circles on both sides of the coin, between the legend and the design element. Diameter: 17.5 mm The average weight of the Rose Farthing pieces is about 13 grains, ranging from 9 grains to 17 or 18. Exceptionally heavy pieces occur and are known to weigh 21, 25 and 26 grains.
Variations of the Maltravers Rose Farthings
Maltravers Rose Farthing, Type 1 :
A rather small coin, at 13-14 mm,(though thicker and heavier) than the Maltravers (16-17mm) it replaced.
The design is rather similar to the Maltravers with a (plain) inner circle. The obverse design features a chunky crown and sceptres, which lie entirely within the linear circle. The reverse depicts a crowned double rose, with the large rose touching the inner circle. Brass wedge at 12.00 o'clock. Two privy marks are known – lis and martlet, and may be located at 12.00 (obv.) and 10.00 o'clock (rev.) Privy marks may be on either, or both, sides. Both marks may appear on the same coin. One issue with lis/lis has no obverse linear circle. Die axis on all Roses is unrotated.
Rose Type 1/2 Mules This is a pairing of obverse type 1 with the reverse of type 2. One issue has pm=lis both sides but reads HIBER. Another has pm=lis on reverse only – but reversed N in FRAN. A third variant has pm=martlet on obverse, with pm=lis on the reverse plus reversed N in FRAN
Rose Type 1/3 Mule Type 1 obverse with its large crown paired with a type 3 reverse. Only one issue known and this has an error – namely HIBE. Unfortunately the privy marks are unclear on the 2 specimens seen
Maltravers Rose Farthing, Type 2 :
Much smaller emblems are used, with the sceptre handles through the tiny crown just crossing the linear circle. Lis is the only privy mark used and is found on both sides except for a couple of issues where it is omitted from the reverse, on one of which the legend reads HIBER rather than HIB. Another piece reads IIIB.
Maltravers Rose Farthing, Type 3 :
This group is something of a catch-all covering all Roses which cannot be slotted into types 2 or 4. The obverse crowns – always double arched – can vary in shape and design, whilst the (double) rose emblem can also differ from one piece to another. BRIT and BRI are both used, and one issue reads HIBE. Privy marks known are – lis/none, none/lis, lis/lis, lis/cross patée, cross patée/lis, cross patée/none, lis/mullet, mullet/lis, and mullet/mullet. Various legend oddities occur such as inverted A for V, inverted V for A, over-struck letters, mis-spelled legends and misplaced punctuation. Apart from two very common issues – E.165a/P.305. lis/lis and E.172a/P.314. mullet/mullet, all coins of this type range from rare to excessively rare.
Maltravers Rose Farthing, Type 4a :
This is the simpler design with single arched crowns both sides, a single rose, but still retaining the longer legends. Privy marks can be – lis/lis, mullet/mullet, mullet/crescent, crescent/mullet, and crescent/crescent. This last having a variety with the N of FRAN reversed., and others with distinctly rounded obverse crowns.
Rose Type 4a/3 Mule This features the 4a obverse with the double rose type 3 reverse Reads CAROLVS DG MAG BRI. Privy mark=crescent/mullet
Rose Type 4a/4b Mule Obverse of 4a reading CAROLVS, but 4b reverse reading FRA and HI instead of FRAN and HIB Two versions recorded – one with pm=lis/crescent, the other crescent/crescent
Maltravers Rose Farthing, Type 4b :
All now read CAROLV DG MA BRI – FRA ET HI REX. Privy marks are – mullet/mullet, crescent/mullet, mullet/crescent, and the EXR crescent/none. The final pairing – crescent/crescent – is by far the most numerous, and probably accounts for 80% of all Roses found today. Inevitably with such a long production run several striking errors occur, leading to letters being over-struck etc. One great rarity has an inverted A substituted for V in CAROLV.
Rose Type 4b/3 Mule Combining 4b obverse with the type 3 reverse. Reads CAROLV DG MA BRI. Privy mark crescent/mullet
Rose Type 4b/4a Mule This pairing reverts back to a 4a reverse (FRAN-HIB) linked to a 4b obverse (CAROLV – MA) Privy marks found are crescent/lis, crescent/none and crescent/crescent. Only the latter is common, the others being excessively rare.
Maltravers Rose Farthing, Type 4 Irregular :
Some type 4 pieces occur with irregular legends.
These can be – CAROLV MAG, MA OR M on the obverse. Also known are FRA HIB and FR HI on the reverse. All bear the crescent/crescent privy mark, except for one with mullet/mullet. All are very rare to exceptionally rare pieces
Maltravers Rose Farthing, Type 5a :
This final series differs from all others in that the sceptres are crossed beneath the obv.crown. Type 5a having bosses on the sceptre handles. Privy mark is mullet/mullet. The legend reads – CAROLV D:G MAG BR and FRA ET HIB REX.
Maltravers Rose Farthing, Type 5b :
Very similar to 5a with crossed sceptres below the crown – but now the handles are plain. Several combinations of legend occur, using – MAG BR, MA BRI or MA BR. on the obverse – twinned with FRA HIB, FRA HI or FR HIB on the reverse. Pm=mullet/mullet. One issue has an inverted A for V in CAROLV, whilst another has the cross missing from the central orb of the obverse crown.
Privy (private) marks recorded on the James I & Charles I ‘patent' farthings
Advertisements
A little bit of hockey history will be happening tonight in Ontario.
As goalie Jonah Imoo is making his first pro start it will be his father Dusty, the Reign's goalie coach, who will serve as his backup.
“This could set some kind of hockey history,” Reign coach Mike Stothers said following morning skate ahead of tonight's 6 p.m. game against visiting San Jose. “The son will be backed up by his dad. We'll have two Imoos on the roster, both on PTOs. … I guess it's good to have your goalie coach that close, right? He's on the bench.”
The reason the Reign are in this predicament is their starting goalie Jack Campbell will be going to Los Angeles to serve as the Kings' backup after a morning skate injury sustained by Jeff Zatkoff prior to their game against Vancouver. The Reign's expected No. 1 going into the season before Campbell was Peter Budaj, and he's with the Kings due to an injury to Jonathan Quick. Just last weekend the Reign had to bring on Jonah Imoo to back up in San Diego after Budaj was recalled. And so the cycle goes and here we are in the rarest of circumstances.
“It is amazing a goalie situation has come up again this early in the season,” Stothers said. “Jonah is going to get his first American Hockey League start. He's worked hard for the opportunity. It certainly hasn't come easy to him. It's not because his dad's the goalie coach of our team. He's legitimately put in the time and deserves an opportunity. He'll go in. It's a little bit unexpected. We weren't counting on this happening but maybe it's better for him. He doesn't have that much time to think about it. Just go in and play. We'll see how it goes.”
As most goalies aren't, Jonah Imoo was not available after morning skate to provide comments.
Jonah Imoo, 22, was with the Reign through development camp and training camp and played in just three games last season split between the Southern Professional Hockey League and the Federal Hockey League. Most of his experience comes from time spent in the British Columbia Hockey League, where he played consistently from 2012-15. His father of course has a bit more of a decorated resume, including playing for Japan in the 1998 Winter Olympics. Dusty Imoo, 46, has been a goalie coach in some capacity since 2008 and is in his second season with the Kings organization. He'll occasionally put the pads on if the Reign need him to in practice.
“Jonah's by far the better of the two,” Stothers said with a laugh. “But you know what, it's unique and it just proves to you what life is like, what we deal with every day in the American Hockey League. You never know, right? I just hope it works out well for both of them and obviously for us as a team. Probably the most nervous person is going to be the mom back in Vancouver area. Unless she's hopping on a plane to get here in time to witness this hockey history.”
Without the interstate at its end, the eastbound Walnut Street on-ramp might seem like a jump.
A platoon of motorists sits at the red light, their collective engines revving, readying for a race to the top of the 250-foot ramp. Uphill, pedal down, in hopes of reaching highway speeds in time.
It's really not the best way to 60 mph.
Which is why that on-ramp may go offline in the near future. That's right, the Walnut ramp is slated for closure.
A recent study looked at collision data on Interstate 90 between Four Lakes and the Idaho border, and it identified the Walnut ramp as the most dangerous point in the area of study. The study was part of a larger operation and safety analysis done by the Washington State Department of Transportation.
“We looked at all the crashes or collisions that are happening on this whole corridor,” said Glenn Wagemann, a traffic engineer with transportation department. “We saw more in the urban core. And Walnut jumps out as the location with the highest number of collisions.”
From 2011 to 2015, there were 10 fatal crashes and 30 more causing serious injury along the 30-mile corridor. In the same period, the Walnut ramp saw 98 rear-end or merging crashes. In a distant second, the westbound Maple Street on-ramp saw a quarter of that, with 26 crashes.
Wagemann said the Walnut closure wasn't exactly a sure thing, but he couldn't see another solution to its dangerous nature. Regardless, any closure wouldn't happen for years because its repercussions need to be studied further.
The state plans to study the issue further with the city of Spokane and Spokane Regional Transportation Council “to look at how to utilize the network we have without adding additional capacity,” he said. “There's really no timeframe.”
In other words, city, state and regional transportation planners are going to see if the city's other roads, and the highway's other on-ramps, can handle the increased traffic when Walnut goes dark.
Wagemann, for one, said they can.
“We've done enough analysis to show that the city network can support it,” he said.
Walnut has an average daily traffic count of 11,000 vehicles. Monroe, near its on-ramps, sees half that. Wagemann said the traffic diverted from Walnut would move along Third and Fourth avenues to the eastbound Monroe Street on-ramp, which had just 13 crashes in the five years the study analyzed.
The Monroe ramp is safer than Walnut for a number of reasons, Wagemann said. First, its corkscrew turn forces drivers to keep their speed down until they reach the interstate's merging lane. And unlike Walnut's 250-foot race to the top, Monroe has a 3,000-foot “weaving” lane, allowing drivers to get to speed while merging with traffic, some of which needs to get over to exit at Division.
“We have the data to support it, but we have to educate along the way,” Wagemann said of the closure. “It's not a great impact in your commute. It's not really going to change your travel time. But when you talk about it from a business standpoint, some of the businesses rely on that traffic pattern.”
Other fixes are coming to I-90 much sooner than the Walnut closure in an attempt to increase the highway's safety. The state transportation department has $4.4 million to spend to reduce the number of crashes on the corridor, and motorists will begin to see them in place by 2019.
Notably, a ramp meter likely will be placed on the interchange connecting U.S. Highway 195 to eastbound I-90, which has seen booming traffic thanks to the growth in population in the Latah-Hangman neighborhood. The meter will be alternating red light, green light to break up merging traffic during rush hour.
The transportation department will also install wrong-way driver notification signs along the interstate, which will only be activated when someone drives against the flow of highway traffic.
Lastly, the transportation department will invest in more incident response teams in order to clear crashes within 15 minutes, reducing the odds of a secondary incident. For every minute the roadway is not cleared, the chances of another crash increase by 3 percent, according to the transportation department.
Once those are complete, the Walnut on-ramp hits the chopping block. Until then, Wagemann urged motorists on the ramp to give each other more room.
“Don't come onto the freeway in a platoon, with 10 cars trying to get into a one-car-length gap,” he said. “Allow for the zipper.”
Have a transportation question you want answered? Write nickd@spokesman.com.
Riverside opens to traffic
Westbound Riverside Avenue is open to traffic after a closure related to the Adams Street Combined Sewer Overflow project, part of the city's effort to completely stop sewage from entering the Spokane River. Riverside will act as the detour route for the continued Sprague Avenue closure.
The project continues to impact traffic and parking just west of downtown. Adams between First and Sprague avenues is reduced to one lane and there is no on-street parking. First is reduced to one lane eastbound, with no on-street parking from Cedar to Jefferson streets. Sprague is closed to all westbound traffic from Jefferson to Cedar. Eastbound Riverside is closed from Cedar to Jefferson.
The $16.3 million project is constructing a 2.4-million-gallon tank and other infrastructure and is paid for with the city's utility funding.
Farther east, the construction of another sewage tank is closing the intersection of Riverside and Magnolia Street on Monday. This closure will only affect the intersection and will be complete Nov. 3. Access to local businesses and residences should remain available during this period.
Ramps on Assembly
Crews will install curb ramps on Assembly Street from Nine Mile Road to Winston Court. Motorists can expect obstructions.
Crestline lane reduction continues
Work to reduce the number of lanes on Crestline Street between Euclid and Francis avenues goes on. Southbound traffic is reduced to one lane between North Foothills Drive and Empire Avenue. When this work is done, crews will move to the northbound lanes from North Foothills to Empire, and eventually to the section from Empire to Wellesley Avenue.
The $510,000 project will be complete in late fall and will include lane striping and sign installations.
Division Street Gateway in final phase
The $3.5 million project to beautify the Division Street offramp and corridor into downtown Spokane is nearing completion. The work includes utility and stormwater updates, asphalt patching, curb and sidewalk replacement and landscaping.
On Tuesday between 6 a.m. and 3 p.m., the westernmost northbound lane on the Division offramp will be closed for utility vault work.
Downtown Howard to close for crane
Walker Construction will be completely closing Howard Street between Main Avenue and Spokane Falls Boulevard on Tuesday through Friday for crane use.
Minor maintenance
Bridge crews are painting on the Hatch Bridge from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Drivers can expect flaggers and delays.
Crews are sealing cracks on Second Avenue from Maple to Arthur streets.
Grind and overlay work on Buckeye Avenue between Division and Ruby streets will cause lane closures and delays.
City crews continue to fill potholes, but only if they know where they are. Report potholes to the city's 311 pothole hotline or by calling (509) 625-7733. The largest holes on the busiest streets are priority.
Skin patching work on Market Street from Upriver Drive to Euclid will be done, depending on the weather.
In the Valley
Argonne Road between East Indiana and East Montgomery avenues will have intermittent road closures for a paving project Tuesday through Friday, from 7 p.m. to 5 a.m. Flaggers will be on site.
A road and sewer project on Barker Road at its intersection with Euclid has fully closed the road through Oct. 25. Local access is available on Barker north and south of Euclid.
Euclid between Tschirley and Barker roads is still closed for a road and sewer project until Nov. 9. Detour signs are posted and local access varies depending on excavation location.
The northbound curb lane on Sullivan Road's northbound bridge will be closed on Tuesday between 6 a.m. and 5 p.m. for a bridge inspection. Signs will be posted to direct traffic around the work zone.
Pervious gravel is being installed on the shoulder of Fourth Avenue between Bowdish and Evergreen roads; Eighth Avenue from Pines to Adams roads; Flora Road from Valleyway to Broadway avenues; and Sprague from Barker to Holiday roads. Work will be Monday through Friday, from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., and single lanes will be closed.
Highway 2 pavement
U.S. Highway 2 from Deer to Colbert roads is getting paving and turn lane improvements. Expect nighttime lane closures on Highway 2, state Route 206 and Day Mt. Spokane Road. Nighttime traffic on Highway 2 will be reduced to one lane each direction from south of Deer to north of Colbert from 7 p.m. to 6 a.m. Westbound traffic on Route 206 near the intersection with Highway 2 will be reduced to one lane at night. Westbound traffic on Day Mt. Spokane Road near Highway 2 will be reduced to one lane at night. Daytime shoulder closures and lane shifts may be in place.
Asphalt on I-90
Both directions of I-90 may be reduced to one through-lane at work locations between Sprague Lake and Fishtrap for asphalt paving. Work is now scheduled during daytime hours, seven days a week.
Regional transportation plan open for public review and comment
The Spokane Regional Transportation Council's long-range transportation plan, Horizon 2040, sets forth how the area transportation system will develop between 2018 and 2040. The plan recently has been updated with new goals, strategies and programs. It includes $9.9 billion in projects.
The council is responsible for doling out federal funding for regional projects. It is federally required to update its long-range plan every four years. It bases its plan on projections for population growth, housing and jobs and looks at all modes of transportation, including private vehicles, public transit, bicycling, walking, freight movement, air and rail.
They've done their work. Now it's the public's turn.
The plan is available for public review and comment through Nov. 12. It can be viewed at www.srtc.org or by calling (509) 343-6370 for a hard copy. Comments can be submitted by emailing contact.srtc@srtc.org.
All non-nationally televised regular season games will be simulcast on FCDallas.com
FRISCO, Texas – FC Dallas announced its television schedule today which includes 24 regular season games on TXA21. In addition, all of the club's non-nationally televised games (26) will also be simulcast on FCDallas.com. Eight of FC Dallas' games will be featured on national television.
TXA21 kicks off its coverage for the 2017 season at 8pm on Saturday, March 11 as FC Dallas travels to Kansas City to square off against Sporting KC. TXA21 will also showcase FC Dallas' home opener at Toyota Stadium against the New England Revolution in a match presented by Toyota on Saturday, March 18 at 7pm.
TXA21's broadcasts also include Javier Morales' return to Salt Lake City when FC Dallas visits Real Salt Lake on May 6, the July 4th match against D.C. United and as well as both games against the reigning MLS Cup champion Seattle Sounders (Sept. 16 and Oct. 15).
“As the popularity of MLS continues to grow, we're pleased to bring local fans even more game broadcasts on TXA21 in 2017,” said Gary Schneider, president and general manager of TXA21 and CBS11. “There is a lot of excitement surrounding the team this year, and we're looking forward to a terrific season.”
Mark Followill returns for his 6th season as the television play-by-play announcer for most TXA21 broadcasts. The Ticket's Bob Sturm is back for his 17th season on FC Dallas game broadcasts. Sturm will assume play-by-play duties and provide color analysis on select games. FC Dallas columnist Daniel Robertson is back for his 3rd season as the team's color commentator.
FC Dallas Extra Time Presented by Toyota returns for its third season. This live pre-game show is produced by FC Dallas and hosted by Gina Miller who returns for her third season on the broadcast. The show will air on TXA21 immediately before each home game played at Toyota Stadium.
FC Dallas kicks off the 2017 season on the road March 4th against the Los Angeles Galaxy. The home opener at Toyota Stadium is Saturday, March 18th against the New England Revolution in a match presented by Toyota. FC Dallas season ticket memberships, including the home opener and select marquee matchups, are currently available. For the best options available, please call 214.705.6700, e-mail memberships@fcdallas.com or visit fcdallas.com/memberships.
In December 2008, Virginia-based deputy sheriff Arthur Weston Staples III received a visit at home from police investigating claims he had traded child pornography images online. The former Vietnam vet, who had no previous offenses, was eventually sentenced to more than 17 years in prison after investigators found 400 to 600 illegal images, according to court documents.
The 210-month sentence can be considered modest compared with the life sentences dished out in many child pornography convictions. But in a twist, Staples was also ordered to pay $3.68m for his possession of a single picture taken more than 10 years earlier of a girl being severely sexually abused when she was eight years old. The restitution was awarded to “Amy,” the pseudonym of the victim, who is now 21 and has filed almost identical claims in some 600 other federal prosecutions over the past 18 months.
Over the same period, a separate survivor of sex abuse images identified only as “Vicky” has submitted some 80 claims under the same law, known as the Mandatory Restitution for Sexual Exploitation of Children Act.
Courts have responded to the flood of restitution requests with widely varying rulings. In sharp contrast to the outcome in Staples's case, the federal judge presiding over a separate child pornography trial in the Eastern District of Texas refused to award any restitution at all, even though two of the illegal images defendant Doyle Randall Paroline admitted to possessing were identified as depicting Amy. That ruling is now on appeal before the US Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals, where oral arguments are scheduled for this Thursday.
The new legal maneuver comes as the internet has fundamentally changed the way child abuse images are trafficked. It also comes as federal prosecutions for child pornography have skyrocketed over the past 15 years. In 1995, there were 50, according to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children. Last year, there were almost 2,500.
The photographs and videos of Amy – which were shot and originally published by the girl's uncle – have taken on a life of their own over the past decade, becoming a staple known as “the Misty series” in child predator circles. They depict some of the most depraved images imaginable, including fellatio, cunnilingus, and anal and vaginal penetration.
There are at least 730 federal prosecutions that involve images from the series, according to court documents. The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children has said the pictures have been actively traded since 1998 in more than 3,227 cases.
New York attorney James Marsh, who represents Amy, hired a psychologist and economist to evaluate her and calculate the damage that has stemmed from her abuse and the continuing distribution of the images documenting it. Accounting for lost wages, counseling and lawyer fees, they settled on a price of $3.37m.
Updated 5:44 p.m. Eastern Time
(CBS News) Revelations that the Republican National Committee urged several states to hire a consulting firm that submitted potentially fraudulent voter registration forms in Florida are continuing to cause embarrassment to the Republican Party.
RNC spokesman Sean Spicer said Thursday his group had cut ties to the firm, Strategic Allied Consulting, citing "zero tolerance" for voter fraud. "This is an issue we take extremely seriously," he told CBS News. "When allegations were brought to our attention we severed all ties to the firm."
The Los Angeles Times reported that the RNC urged the state GOP in seven swing states to hire the firm, despite the fact that the man who runs it, Nathan Sproul, has been accused of running firms that have destroyed Democratic registrations. Sproul told the newspaper that RNC officials asked him to set up a new firm, Strategic Allied Consulting, so that his efforts would not be linked to those allegations. The RNC has reportedly paid the firm at least $3.1 million via state parties.
Sproul blamed the suspicious forms on a single employee in Palm Beach County. But Florida election officials tell CBS News they have found a "couple hundred" voter registrations in eight Florida counties with "irregularities" that deserve further scrutiny. They are currently reviewing the registrations and if they find them to be "legally significant" they will turn them over to law enforcement. This could happen by the end of the day.
ACORN, the Democratic-affiliated community organizing group, was accused of a similar type of voter registration fraud in the 2008 campaign cycle. It also responded by blaming bad apples within the organization. Republicans rejected that argument and harshly attacked the group, casting it as having attempted to steal the election on behalf of then-candidate Barack Obama.
Republicans have made combating voter fraud a top priority in this election cycle, with GOP-led state legislatures in numerous states championing legislation mandating that voters show photo identification. Critics say such fraud is not a serious issue and that Republicans are simply trying to disenfranchise voters likely to vote Democrat.
It's not clear whether the suspicious registrations in Florida could have led to voter fraud. According to the Times, they could have caused problems for voters if, for example, they falsely changed someone's address, potentially prompting them to have to cast a provisional ballot. The issue is particularly charged in Florida, the site of a bitter recount fight in the 2000 presidential election.
Florida election officials told CBS News that the irregularities have to do with false information and voter signatures - for example, the name on the application doesn't match the signature, or some information wasn't filled out completely, or multiple signatures look like they were signed by the same person. All reported irregularities were submitted using the Republican Party of Florida's third party organization registration number, which has registered 46,000 voters with the state according to Florida election officials.
Sproul told CBS News he had a contract (which was terminated yesterday) with the RNC to do work in five swing states: North Carolina, Virginia, Florida, Nevada and Colorado.
"When [Florida state officials] contact us we'll be able to go to our voter registration logs and match up the serial numbers with the individuals who collected the cards," he said. "Our quality control measures will have been successful and if the individual did in fact commit voter fraud we'll do everything we can to assist in their prosecution."
Officials in North Carolina and Virginia told CBS News there were no irregularities reported to date. Nevada officials would not confirm or deny any pending investigations, which Colorado officials said they had five irregular forms no information at this time about who submitted them.
In a separate story, Florida's St. Augustine Record on Friday posted audio of a volunteer affiliated with the Republican Party of Clay County telling voters that the president is "a Muslim" who will "get rid of your Medicare" and wants to turn American into "a socialistic country." The audio was captured on an answering machine. An official with the Republican Party of Clay County said the volunteer was "off-script completely" and not expressing the party's views.
Coverage of Business/Private Employers
General Coverage
If a complaint against a business (or some other private employer) involves race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, disability or genetic information, the business is covered by the laws we enforce if it has 15 or more employees who worked for the employer for at least twenty calendar weeks (in this year or last).
Age Discrimination and Coverage
If a complaint involves age discrimination, the business is covered by the laws we enforce if it has 20 or more employees who worked for the company for at least twenty calendar weeks (in this year or last).
Equal Pay Act and Coverage
Virtually all employers are covered by the Equal Pay Act (EPA), which makes it illegal to pay different wages to men and women if they perform substantially equal work in the same workplace.
Deciding Coverage of Business/Private Employers
Figuring out whether or not an employer is covered can be complicated. If you arent sure about whether coverage exists, you should contact one of our field offices as soon as possible so we can make that decision. It is also important to keep in mind that, if an employer is not covered by the laws we enforce, the employer still may be covered by a state or local anti-discrimination law. If it is, we can refer you to the state or local agency that enforces that law.
A Lower House lawmaker of Nippon Ishin no Kai (Japan Restoration Party) has questioned whether Koreans were such “cowards” as to allow girls and women in their neighborhoods to be forcibly recruited as sex slaves in Japan's wartime military brothels.
Nariaki Nakayama, well known for his ultraconservative views, made the remark at an assembly of Nippon Ishin lawmakers Friday to emphasize his belief that “comfort women,” as they are known in Japan, were not “forced” to work in the brothels.
“We need to raise our voices and tell the world that (females) were not forcibly taken away,” Nakayama said while defending remarks made last month by Nippon Ishin co-leader Toru Hashimoto, who attempted to justify the wartime system of sexual slavery.
In remarks that drew global condemnation, Hashimoto, who doubles as Osaka mayor, said the system of military brothels was “necessary” to maintain discipline in the Imperial Japanese Army, sparking outrage especially in South Korea. During Japan's 1910-45 colonial rule of the Korean Peninsula, thousands of girls and women were rounded up to sexually service Japanese soldiers.
Hashimoto later sought to distance himself from the remarks, claiming he had been misreported and did not personally hold such a view but was only describing the prevailing mindset at the time.
Nakayama told the Nippon Ishin gathering that given the population of the Korean Peninsula was 20 million at the time, if 200,000 females were forcibly taken as claimed, it would mean one out of every 100 was forced into sexual servitude.
The House of Representatives lawmaker called on South Korea to stop making such claims because they only “malign Japanese people, as well as (South Koreans') own ancestors.”
Nippon Ishin in May expelled Lower House member Shingo Nishimura for alleging that “there are swarms of South Korean prostitutes in Japan.”
Yellowknife is small and openhearted, but it's also hard to find. You think you know what it is, but then it moves – from the darkness of a tavern teeming with North and South Slavey, Cape Bretoners, Métis, Saskatchewanians and old men from the Dehcho to the cool shadow of a Twin Otter cruising low enough above your dockside rock that you could poke it with a fork. Here's a fun game: When visiting, try to describe Yellowknife to your friends on a postcard (hint: buy a lot of postcards).
Yellowknife has a main street, but no one calls it that. In fact, they call it two things: 50th Avenue and Franklin Avenue, depending on how you feel about the former British explorer and northern colonialism (spoiler alert: The Dene don't feel good, while most non-indigenous shrug as if not quite understanding the question). The main street – or 50th or he-who-will-not-be-named – has its own naked charm, including the denizens outside the main Post Office, most of them undomiciled.
If you spend any time with them, it isn't hard to walk into a story. One afternoon at the main post office, I met two men the size of compact cars – Bear and James Thrasher, both from Tuktoyaktuk – who, like many of the city's homeless, had come to Yellowknife because of greater access to services, housing and alcohol (Tuktoyaktuk is a dry community on the shores of the Western Arctic, which I visited during my eight-week stay in the Northwest Territories).
Yellowknife Bay, as viewed from a nearby hilltop. (Walter Strong for The Globe and Mail)
When they found out I was going to their hamlet, Bear asked for my book so he could write down the Inuvialuktun word for “white person.” I handed it to him – the hardbound writing book looked like a church pamphlet in his great hands – and his tongue curved around his lip while engraving the word on the page: kabloonak. He told me in a voice like a hammer on a drum: “Now, listen, you might hear this word, but it's not necessarily bad. It depends on how someone uses it. You got that?” I told him I did.
The main street is both a way into town and a way out of it.
Downtown has the Gold Range bar, built in 1958 by Jacob Glick and, in the beginning, the only place in town outside the government where you could place a long-distance phone call. A long narrow room lit by neon Bud signs washed over aging wood-panelled walls with rows of tables running to a small stage, the Range is like an old smoking lady – menthol darts – who never takes off her parka, holed at the elbow and with grease stains along the fringe. Still, once you start talking to her, you become drawn into the tragic wealth of her story. Like Yellowknife, and like the area around the post office, it conceals very little about itself, never pretending to be something it is not.
Next to the bar is the Gold Range Bistro, which isn't a bistro at all, but a diner owned by a cancer survivor from Truro, N.S., named Mary who, every day of her post-treatment life, waits on tables dressed in gold or silver evening wear. The bistro is filled with both Dene and non-Dene; almost too obvious a symbol for people getting along despite one group having been here for 8,000 years, and the other for almost 100.
Yellowknife conceals very little about itself, never pretending to be something it is not. (Terry Parker/NWTT)
It was at the bistro that I felt more Canadian than maybe anywhere else, owing not to a sweeping prairie or roaring mountainside – in fact, you can't see much out of the windows of the bistro other than the street – but because we were all there together: Dogrib and Tlicho and the Chinese short order cooks. And Mary, bringing this Southerner his eggs and coffee.
Down the 50th Avenue hill, a whole other world is revealed; an alternate world. If downtown impressed a kind of poured-concrete stability on the city – the courthouse, RCMP, and municipal and territorial government houses are all here – the hill crests alongside huge bookends of Shield granite to reveal the green-blue waters of Great Slave Lake (Tu Nedhe in Dene) and Yellowknife Bay, with Old Town on one side and the Woodyard on the other.
Old Town – with its famous Bullocks Bistro fish restaurant and the Weaver and Devore outfitter – is three sections: “The Rock” (a.k.a. Pilot's Monument), Willow Flats and Peace River Flats. I stayed at Cathy Allooloo's excellent Narwal B&B – truth be told, I stayed in a cabin on the grounds – in Peace River Flats, so I had an affinity for the area.
The blue water of Yellowknife Bay – home to a small community of about 30 houseboats – provides a stark contrast to the concrete buildings of downtown. (Walter Strong for The Globe and Mail)
Most of the homes are made entirely out of wood, brick being too expensive to transport to the North. Their thorny yards and bent porches suggest a place where a bearded coot might sit in a creaking chair drinking out of a jug with three Xs across it, a shotgun leaning on his knee. You couldn't walk 20 feet without coming across a motor vehicle or fishing boat swallowed in weeds and every property seemed to have a shed that looked like a hacking cough might send it collapsing to the ground.
That said, the closer I studied them, the more I discovered the occasional artisanal touch: woodcuts screwed to the faces of homes; little hand-painted gnomes, one of which wore a Quebec Nordiques sweater; and, in some instances, small glass greenhouses with plants in full boom. For all of the sloping ruggedness of the land and the perpetual shade cast by the rising chunks of Shield, it appeared as if the coots were going soft in their dotage.
If downtown was newish, Old Town was, well, old. It was easy to further this sense through the Woodyard, a small area of ungoverned shacks tight to the shoreline and home to the original mining settlements of the 1930s. Just off the shoreline were the first of the 30 or so houseboats floating – also ungoverned, and also independent – in their own aquatic community. The houseboats are lived in year-round, frozen in place by the ice, and use water pumps and solar panel generators as well as peat moss honey buckets in an approximation of normal living, although that's not the goal of the community.
Author Dave Bidini (right) on the deck of Wade Carpenter's houseboat on Yellowknife Bay. (Walter Strong for The Globe and Mail)
Because life on the water is a summertime concern as much as it is a wintertime effort, there are too many plates spinning to affect a West Coast idyl about the whole arrangement, even though that's part of it: swimming in the bay off the dock most mornings, paddling to the shore for supplies and fishing in the fish-lousy waters, to say nothing of salsa or barge parties during the solstice, or simply floating downwind in a small fishing boat, which is what I did last month with one of the original houseboaters, the Icarus's Matthew Gorgono.
I also spent time on Wade Carpenter's houseboat, who generates 80 per cent of his energy through solar panelling and whose wrap-around deck allowed us to sit outside, drink beer, have dinner and watch float planes coloured butterscotch and mint green cruise through the neighbourhood's aerodome.
Some people who spend time in Yellowknife rarely get any farther than the Gold Range or the Black Knight Pub or the fine visitors centre and the excellent Prince of Wales Northern Heritage Centre, but here's another game: Just start walking. The cosmetic is that the undomiciled are a dissuading presence, but some of the greatest conversations I had were with Yellowknife's homeless. This is to say nothing of the indigenous men and women who are as woven into life here than any other place in Canada.
Yellowknife is an open book. You don't have to start at the beginning. Just start.
Laura Barnett's debut novel The Versions of Us is published by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. It is available everywhere now.
As, to paraphrase William Blake, a grain of sand can contain all eternity, so a novel can contain a whole human life. Many lives, in fact; or the complete history of a family, a marriage, a town. It is this kind of novel — books that take a long view, examining lives played out from beginning to end, across decades, generations, continents — that most excites me as a reader, and as an author.
So perhaps it's no surprise, then, that my debut novel, The Versions of Us , should fall into this category. In it, I track two characters, Eva and Jim, across three versions of their relationship, from the late 1950s to the present day. Each version explores different permutations of their possible story. We see them together, and apart. We see them married to each other, and to other people. We see them succeeding in their careers, and watching that success slip from their grasp.
Central to my ambitions for the novel was this desire to view life through a long lens: to follow my characters not just through one summer, or one key incident, but from youth to old age, through child-rearing, illness, career highs and lows — all the challenges that time inevitably throws in the way of love.
Many novels founded on a similarly long-view approach inspired me as I was writing The Versions of Us, and continue to inspire me. Here, then, is a selection of them.
1. The Long View by Elizabeth Jane Howard
I've come relatively late to Elizabeth Jane Howard, the prolific English writer who died in 2014. That year, I read a newspaper interview with her, thought she sounded fascinating, and devoured her best-known books, the Cazalet Chronicles — five novels following the fortunes of an upper middle-class English family before, during and after the second world war — in quick succession.
Though set over a relatively short period of time, those are very much long-view books; we see Howard's characters age and change, and are continually reminded of the layers of time that underpin each shifting moment. But it was with this, Howard's second novel, that she really set out her stall as a long-view writer: the title, of course, says it all. Moving backwards from 1950 to 1926, Howard pursues a difficult, unhappy marriage back to its origins.
Click here to buy.
2. Any Human Heart by William Boyd
Several of William Boyd's novels track his characters through the entire arc of their lives, from birth to death, bringing them, Forrest Gump-like, into close contact with some of the most significant events of the twentieth century.
I loved his most recent novel, Sweet Caress , which does just this with the life of photographer Amory Clay, as she moves from 1930s Berlin to 1960s America to the present-day Scottish Hebrides. But Boyd's earlier novel, Any Human Heart — in many ways a companion piece to Sweet Caress — is a true masterwork, drawing out the picaresque, utterly absorbing tale of art-dealer and spy Logan Mountstuart as he bumbles along through the decades, finding himself caught up in a series of tumultuous, real-life events.
Click here to buy.
3. The World According to Garp by John Irving
I first read this rambunctious, widescreen, irrepressible 1978 novel after hearing a brilliant radio adaptation of it on the BBC a couple of years ago. It's a classic long-view book — a Küntslerroman, if we want to get all lit-crit about it, tracking an artist's (or, in this case, a writer's) progress from childhood to maturity. But, more importantly, it's also a hilarious, unputdownable read, in which protagonist T.S. Garp's feminist mother, Jenny Fields, proves every bit as flawed and fascinating as her son.
Click here to buy.
4. Moon Tiger by Penelope Lively
Few novels have had as much of an impact on me as a writer as this superb book, winner of the 1987 Booker Prize. Historian Claudia Hampton is in her seventies, and terminally ill in hospital; across the broad canvas of this fractured, intelligent, beautiful novel, she dives back through her memories to piece together the complex jigsaw of her life. I find it extraordinary that this novel was, on its publication, widely patronized by critics as the “housewives' choice” — testament to the widespread dismissal of work by female writers that, I'm afraid, still continues to this day.
Click here to buy.
5. Dinner At The Homesick Restaurant by Anne Tyler
Anne Tyler is, again, a huge inspiration to me, and many of her novels fall into the long-view category: though their present-day action may occupy only a small slice of time (as in the superlative Breathing Lessons , which is set over a single day), they always carry the weight of history, memory and lived experience. With this — one of Tyler's most popular novels, from 1982 — we follow the sweeping fortunes of one family, the Tulls, after mother Pearl is abandoned by her salesman husband Beck, and watch her three children grow up affected by his defection in wildly different ways.
Click here to buy.
6. Our Souls At Night by Kent Haruf
I cried buckets on finishing this, the last novel by the late Colorado-based author Kent Haruf, and still maintain that it is one of the most beautiful, simple, emotionally cogent novels I've ever read. On one level, its focus is narrow — the novel concerns two elderly neighbors, one a widow and the other a widower, who begin sharing a bed to tackle their mutual loneliness, and gradually fall in love. But in his concise, pared-back style, Haruf gradually draws his camera back to take in the long, troubled lives that have led to the present moment, freighting them with deep emotion and psychological truth.
Click here to buy.
7. The Past by Tessa Hadley
The latest book by English novelist and short-story writer Tessa Hadley, this is a deeply satisfying long-view novel, moving backwards through the history of a family - and, specifically, the fractious relationships between four siblings, and their mother, Jill. Two present-day sections, set over an intense family holiday in a crumbling farmhouse, surround a middle act in which we move back into Jill's past. Hadley is so good at tracking the shifting effects of time on her characters' relationships. Like all her writing - and all good long-view novels - it's a book to return to again and again, offering more and more pleasure and insight on each fresh reading.
Click here to buy.
TEHRAN, Iran — Iran's geostrategic location, along with its historic role as a conduit for the exchange of goods — especially its position on the ancient Silk Road — has made the country one of the most active transportation hubs in the world.
Through both its northern land borders and the Caspian Sea, Iran has access to Central Asia, the Caucasus and Russia. To its south, it is connected to international waters through the Persian Gulf and the Sea of Oman. Iran's unique access to landlocked countries and its exceptional location make it an ideal transit hub — both in terms of cost and time efficiency.
This position has so far granted Iran membership in several international corridors with multiple transport routes passing through the country. These corridors include the North-South Transport Corridor, East-West Transport Corridor (the ancient Silk Road), South Asia Corridor and the Transport Corridor of Europe-Caucasus-Asia.
In recent years, and especially since Hassan Rouhani was elected president in 2013, the number of international flights that have crossed Iranian airspace has tripled, while the volume of goods transiting through Iranian railways has doubled. Yet despite this increasing interconnectivity, Iranian officials say the country is still using only half of its total transit capacity, which is around 10 million tons per year.
Cognizant of the important role it can play in the transportation of goods in the region, and also aware of the economic benefits that can be reaped — such as job creation and increased earnings — Iran has sought to diversify its transit routes.
Given Europe's stated desire to become Iran's largest trading partner once again with the lifting of sanctions, and considering the recent turmoil in Turkey, Tehran has sped up efforts to establish new routes to Europe.
For years, Turkey has been the best conduit for the transportation of Iranian goods to reach Europe. Yet in terms of transit, things have turned ugly between the two countries in recent years. Attacks against Iranian trucks and drivers on Turkish soil, rows over fuel prices and tariffs imposed on Turkish drivers in Iran — not to mention the frequent Turkish border closures, which greatly impact Iranian trucking, have been among the main sources of friction between Tehran and Ankara.
These issues, coupled with the worsening security situation in Turkey, have prompted Iran to seek alternative transit routes to Europe on the ground that relying solely on its western neighbor does not, and will not, benefit the Iranian transportation system. In this regard, Iran has moved to revive its decade-old plan to connect to Europe via a new multimodal route.
The Persian Gulf-Black Sea corridor, which involves road, rail and sea transport, begins from the Persian Gulf to the south of Iran, stretches to the north of the country and then goes to Armenia and Azerbaijan, from where it reaches the Georgian ports of Poti and Batumi in the Black Sea. In this vein, Bulgarian ports also play a role via roll-on/roll-off ships used to get trucks to Greece. Trucks that head to Italy can also depart from southern Greek ports using these kinds of ships.
Indeed, Iran, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia, Bulgaria and Greece recently agreed on a draft plan to press ahead with the project, which is expected to be finalized by the end of 2016.
To learn more about the significance of this corridor, Al-Monitor spoke with Homayoun Karimi, head of the International Agreements Group at Iran's Road Maintenance and Transportation Organization. Karimi, who attended the first of several rounds of talks between the involved countries, told Al-Monitor, "The political and international aspects of this multimodal corridor is of high importance as it will further increase the importance of our transit position in the region and globe alike."
The Persian Gulf-Black Sea corridor holds numerous economic advantages for participating countries as it helps them facilitate trade. On the European side, the project is also regarded as significant because it facilitates European states' access to the Persian Gulf, which in turn provides them with a shorter route to the Indian and Pacific oceans.
"Having a safe, cost-effective and fast route is of high importance for transportation companies, forwarders and owners of the cargo. We need to have good marketing of the corridor to further inform business owners and transportation companies about the benefits of this new route," said Karimi.
Akbar Khodaei, senior expert at the Economic Cooperation Organization, believes that Iran has a unique position as far as geopolitics is concerned. "By participating in the Persian Gulf-Black Sea Corridor, Iran is actually utilizing its geopolitical position in global interactions, something that definitely rebuilds the country's ability to play roles in the economic arena," Khodaei told Al-Monitor.
Khodaei said that the project has already turned global, as other countries — including Persian Gulf and Indian Ocean littoral states as well as European nations — are expected to join the corridor. Of note, Romania has requested to join the Persian Gulf-Black Sea corridor.
Iranian officials have stated that this corridor is not meant to replace the trans-Turkish route to Europe. Rather, Iran says it will provide the country with an additional route, which will give it the upper hand in case of any obstruction by Turkey.
While security and ease of transportation plays a crucial role in global trade, Iran, which unlike many of its neighbors enjoys a high level of stability, is expected to play a much greater role as a transit hub that bridges the East with the West and the North to the South.
As such, with more countries discovering this significant potential, and as Iran continues its efforts to become a regional transit hub, experts like Karimi believe that the new corridor will play an important role. According to Karimi, the multimodal approach to trade with Europe "would further increase Iran's transit importance and pave the ground for greater foreign investments in the country's transportation infrastructures."
This morning, a United Airlines passenger took to Twitter to complain that a gate agent refused to let three passengers board because they were wearing leggings. The airline said that its rules allow airline personnel to refuse service for passengers who aren't properly attired.
This post has been updated.
The incident appears to have happened during boarding for a flight headed to Minneapolis from Denver. Twitter user Shannon Watts noted that her complaint originated when the gate agent refused to allow three girls to board their flight, and asked why the airline was policing clothing choices. While one girl was ultimately allowed to fly after changing, two others were reportedly not.
1) A @united gate agent isn't letting girls in leggings get on flight from Denver to Minneapolis because spandex is not allowed? — Shannon Watts (@shannonrwatts) March 26, 2017
2) She's forcing them to change or put dresses on over leggings or they can't board. Since when does @united police women's clothing? — Shannon Watts (@shannonrwatts) March 26, 2017
3) Gate agent for flt 215 at 7:55. Said she doesn't make the rules, just follows them. I guess @united not letting women wear athletic wear? — Shannon Watts (@shannonrwatts) March 26, 2017
According to a United customer service official on Twitter, the airline's Contract of Carriage allows airline personnel to refuse service to, or even remove passengers “for the safety of such Passenger or other Passengers,” which includes passengers “who are barefoot or not properly clothed.” In a follow-up tweet, the airline said that this decision is left to the gate agent's discretion.
Watts' tweets attracted attention, and the problem has become a small public relations issue for the airline, as a number of other users have taken to Twitter to complain about the decision. They pointed to the vague nature of the language, the discretion allowed for gate agents, and the perception that the airline is allowed to police clothing for girls and women.
After the initial posts, the customer service agent addressed complaints with the same language: “UA shall have the right to refuse passengers if they are not properly clothed via our Contract of Carriage.”
@kerry_g537 UA shall have the right to refuse passengers if they are not properly clothed via our Contract of Carriage. ^FS — United (@united) March 26, 2017
@raleigh_mecklin UA shall have the right to refuse passengers if they are not properly clothed via our Contract of Carriage. ^FS — United (@united) March 26, 2017
@ElesaCooperson UA shall have the right to refuse passengers if they are not properly clothed via our Contract of Carriage. ^FS — United (@united) March 26, 2017
@geesemom UA shall have the right to refuse passengers if they are not properly clothed via our Contract of Carriage. ^FS — United (@united) March 26, 2017
The airline rep has since said that the company acknowledged “the severity of the situation,” and that they are looking into it, and has reminded other users that the passengers weren't properly attired.
Update March 26th, 2:36PM ET: United posted a tweet to address the issue, noting that the passengers in question were United Pass Riders — passengers who fly under employee pass privileges, either employees or family members of employees.
The passengers this morning were United pass riders who were not in compliance with our dress code policy for company benefit travel. — United (@united) March 26, 2017
A United spokesperson spoke to Colorado's 9 News, and explained that the three passengers in question were not permitted to board because they didn't meet the criteria for Pass riders, who are held to the company's internal dress code standards. She also noted that “yoga pants or leggings are more than welcome for regular paying customers.” The spokesperson did not release a copy of the dress code, saying that it was an internal document.
We've reached out to United for comment, and will update if we hear further.
High rolling Australian gambler takes casino to court after losing £1billion in just 14 months
Australian Harry Kakavas lost almost $1.5billion at Melbourne Crown Casino
The real-estate salesmen made a fortune selling houses on the Gold Coast
He is now attempting to recoup a fraction of his loses at high court
Claims casino knew he had a serious problem but lured him back anyway
A high rolling gambler who lost a staggering $1.5 billion (£1billion) in just 14 months has taken a casino to court in an attempt to recoup just a tiny fraction of his losses.
Harry Kakavas, a real-estate salesman who made a fortune selling houses on Australia's Gold Coast , claims Melbourne's Crown Casino were aware he had a gambling problem but took advantage of his 'special disability'.
Described in Australia's High Court this week as the 'highest of high rollers' Mr Kakavas would fritter away eye-watering sums of money in 'frenetic' stints at the baccarat table.
Harry Kakavas (pictured) made his fortune selling real estate on Australia's Gold Coast
Losses: The Crown Casino in Melbourne has been taken to court by a gambler who lost $1.5 billion in 14 months and claims they took advantage of his addiction
A report in the Canberra Times tells how, in a single session in May 2006 he lost an incredible $164 million in just five and a half hours betting up to $300,000 per hand.
After flying a jet to the gambling mecca of Macau on a whim, he lost US$4 million in just one day. He also took frequent gambling trips to Las Vegas.
The court heard how he served a brief jail sentence for stealing $286,000 and had borrowed millions from banks, friends and family to feed his habit.
An earlier attempt by Mr Kakavas to recover losses of $20.5 million from the casino at Victoria's Supreme Court failed both at the original hearing and again on appeal in May last year.
His legal team are asking the High Court to consider whether the Crown Casino took 'unconscionable advantage' of their lucrative client by letting him gamble on despite his obvious addiction.
In one baccarat stint Mr Kakavas spent a staggering $164 million in just five and a half hours (file picture)
Allan Myers QC, described his client as a clinically diagnosed pathological gambler who had severely impaired ability to make rational decisions at the betting table.
He said: 'What the evidence demonstrates ... (is) that this was a man who did not and could not control his urge to gamble and Crown knew it.'
Mr Myers said the casino had at one stage attempted to get a letter from a psychologist before allowing Mr Kakavas to re-enter their casino, proving they were well aware of his condition.
He added: 'They knew that he was a serious and problem gambler.'
I didn't want to take my wristband off. Once I got home, I kept looking at it for hours. I just didn't want the magic to stop.
The AURA Music and Arts Festival was over, but this extraordinary experience will live in my head and my heart all year. And everybody — everybody — I have talked to or read a post by says exactly the same thing. The name of the festival is precisely correct: the aura surrounding the entire Spirit of Suwannee Music Park was full of magic, wonder, joy, friendship, community, family and love. If that sounds trippy-hippy-dippy to you, then one thing is for certain: you were not there!
I arrived to set up camp for the Thursday evening preparty just as The Motet was lighting up the amphitheater stage. Ghost Owl had come on before and played the opening set. Motet founder, Dave Watts, has always sounded great in concert and on CD, but his drumming filled the campground with a relentless tribal beat that blew me away. And we were just five minutes into a four-day festival!
It's all about the bass… and drums. Perhaps not at a bluegrass festival or other event, but at a funk throw-down like AURA and its sister festival Bear Creek, the rhythm section is supreme. Delightfully, we heard nothing but tremendous rhythm sections the entire festival. That was certainly true about Watts and bassist Garrett Sayers.
Vocalist Jans Ingber was so much fun to watch as he danced, played percussion, and engaged the crowd — what a great soul singer he is! As I made it to the amphitheater, the band was in the middle of “Extraordinary High” from their latest CD, The Motet. He did a fine job of showing what to do during “Shake, Shake, Shake, Shake Your Booty,” and Eli Winderman from Dopapod joined Joey Porter for a keyboard romp. Trumpet player Gabe Mervine took a brilliant solo and was great all set with Matt Pitts on tenor sax.
I am a huge P-Funk fan and always enjoy covers, but I have never seen anybody attempt “Handcuffs” before. Hands down the most sexist song in the Clinton catalog (you could look it up), the Motet absolutely nailed this one. And I know why Joey Porter enjoys playing “More Bounce to the Ounce” (they did not play it this set): it is a perfect description for Porter himself. Pound for pound, he might just be the funkiest man on the planet.
After a great version of “Closed Mouths (Don't Get Fed),” it seemed they were out of time (you have to love how clockwork-like these festivals run, with bands respecting each other's time), but somebody offstage was signalling the band.
“We can play some more?” asked Ingber. Now you know it's going to get deep if the musicians are happily asking that. He went to sit down at his drums, and I got very excited.
When I first heard The Motet in 2004, they were a jazz band that played funk. I believe Music for Life was the album of that year, any genre. More recently, the band has transitioned to a funk band that plays jazz. There are subtle differences. I had never heard the Motet play any of “the old stuff.” Until that moment, the moment they launched into the Afropop jazz tune “Cheap Shit” (from Music for Life). It was magnificent.
Dopapod had the job of trying to follow that superb set. How would they respond? That is a question that raised itself throughout the festival, and it highlighted two things: just how incredible the line-up for this festival was, and just how brilliantly the schedule was planned.
Dopapod had a simply amazing set. From first note to last, they were simply on fire. This is not a case of one-upsmanship but rather of cooperation and collaboration and inspiration and community. More than anything else, that was the theme of the weekend. You saw it when musicians went to hear other sets, mingling with the crowd, soaking in the aura. There's that word again.
Also, kudos to Dopapod for getting their sets up online almost immediately. Thursday's set was available for download on Bandcamp Friday, and Friday's set was also available the next day.
The set blasted out with “STADA” and “Turnin' Knobs” and keyed around a 17-minute version of “FABA” from recent release Never Odd Or Even. Chuck Jones and Scotty Zwang built a dynamic foundation on bass and drums for guitarist Rob Compa and Winderman of keyboards to bring the funk.
Somebody asked: why is Dopapod considered a jamtronica band? Just because you have synthesizers doesn't make the band jamtronic or electronic or anything else. Great question to ponder, because these boys rock out and funk. It was a superb ending to the preparty.
[Best_Wordpress_Gallery id=”4″ gal_title=”Dopaod – Thursday Set @ Aura 2015″]
It seemed clear already and would become absolutely true by the time Sunday rolled around that Daryl Wolff had put together the best possible festival for the funk-minded individual.
My wristband is still in my pocket.
The governor said passengers told him that the train did not appear to be traveling faster than the 59 mph speed limit. The track itself was state-of-the-art, and a freight train passed through the area Sunday night without incident, he said.
"There is no reason at this time to believe that there was any negligence on anyone's part," Shumlin said.
Nonetheless, investigators will examine inspections records for the track, which is owned by New England Central Railroad, he said.
The National Transportation Safety Board and the Federal Railroad Administration sent investigators to the scene. The Federal Railroad Administration announced that the rock slide was the preliminary cause of the derailment.
A passenger who was with his wife on a sightseeing trip said the ride was smooth until "we felt something hitting the train, which wasn't normal, and then all hell broke loose."
The engineer hit the brakes quickly, "but it was too late," Rodger Bell said.
The Bells, from Windsor, Colorado, were "tossed around a bit" but weren't hurt, the husband said.
He recalled seeing a set of wheels roll past his window just before his car jumped the tracks and ended up on a small embankment.
Ahead of him, the engine tumbled down a creek bed, he said.
The train was the “Vermonter,” the daily service that runs between St. Albans, Vermont and Washington, D.C. It is the only Amtrak service that runs on the track. It had just left Montpelier and its next scheduled stop was in Randolph when it derailed.
A conductor was among the injured, Gina Conn, a reporter for the Times Argus newspaper, told MSNBC.
Just landed in Vegas to see this...plane on fire on the Tarmac...people still onboard and running off! pic.twitter.com/ul10hFFw9j
Just landed in Las Vegas, plane is on fire. People were on boaard but it looks like they all got off in time. pic.twitter.com/0AN5HvBB5G
@DL_Somers Hi David. May we get your permission to use this photo? — FOX5 Las Vegas (@FOX5Vegas) September 8, 2015
@DL_Somers can we please use your pic on @23ABCNews? thx in advance either way — Justin Burton (@jburtonnews) September 8, 2015
@DL_Somers David, may KING 5 in Seattle use your photo, with credit? — KING 5 News (@KING5Seattle) September 8, 2015
@DL_Somers, Hi, I'm a reporter for @ABC's @WNTonight. Glad you're okay. May we have permission to use this photo on all platforms? — Erin Dooley (@erindooley) September 8, 2015
@DL_Somers Hi David, may Fox 10 in Phx have permission to use this photo as well? — Linda Fox 10 (@lindawfox10) September 9, 2015
@DL_Somers I'm sure you're annoyed by these requests... but can we also use this pic on-air tonight? Thanks. — Seth Kaplan (@Seth_Kaplan) September 8, 2015
@DL_Somers Hello! Can we please have your permission to use this photo on-air and online? — ABC7 News (@abc7newsBayArea) September 8, 2015
@DL_Somers can we use this picture? — FOX21 News (@FOX21News) September 9, 2015
@DL_Somers hey there -- i'm with @KATUNews, may we use this image on air? — Mila Mimica (@MilaMimica1) September 8, 2015
@DL_Somers Hi, I'm with NBC Bay Area? Is it OK to use photos on all NBCU platforms w/ credit to you? thx! — NBC Bay Area (@nbcbayarea) September 8, 2015
@DL_Somers I work for Channel 13 in Las Vegas. Can we use your picture on our newscast? — Tessie Sanchez (@vegassanchez24) September 8, 2015
@DL_Somers Andres here with CNN, Can we use your photo permanently on all our platforms and affiliates? — Andres Gonzalez (@andago101) September 8, 2015
@DL_Somers Hi David - may we please use this photo on @itvnews? — Stephen Jones (@SteveJonesITV) September 8, 2015
@DL_Somers Is this your picture? If so, please can we use it for our coverage on Sky News (UK), obviously with a credit? Let me know, thanks — Huw Borland (@SkyNewsHuw) September 9, 2015
@DL_Somers Hi, I'm requesting on behalf of all media agencies in Kenya, can we use this photo on all our platforms before it's stolen? — *Michael shoemaker* (@ki_bet) September 9, 2015
@DL_Somers Hi David! Here's another request from the CBS in San Diego... Can we add it to our story? — Paco Ramos (@kicknpac) September 9, 2015
@DL_Somers Hi, I'm with the NY Daily News. Could we have permission to use this pic if we credit back to you? Thanks. — TWLevinson (@TmasReports) September 8, 2015
@DL_Somers Hi David - can we use your picture on @SkyNews platforms? Thanks — Tom Boadle (@TomBoadle) September 9, 2015
@DL_Somers Would it be OK for FOX11 in Los Angeles to use your photo? We can give you a credit. — Steve Herren (@Pasadenanews) September 9, 2015
@DL_Somers Hey David. I'm with NBC News. May we have permission to use your photo across all our platforms? Thank!! — Gemma (@GemmaDiCas) September 8, 2015
@DL_Somers May CBS News use this photo for affiliates, web, international and network thanks stay safe! — Sammy Rose Been (@Sammy_Roses) September 9, 2015
@DL_Somers CAN CBS USE THIS PIC? — david parrish (@dparrishcbs2) September 8, 2015
@DL_Somers CBS in Las Vegas, can we use your picture? — Rebecca Krshul (@rebeccanicolle) September 8, 2015
@DL_Somers we are SaferSkies Nigeria do we have your permission to use this picture on our site and sister publications? @NLIGlobal1 — Safer SkiesNG (@SaferSkiesNG) September 9, 2015
@DL_Somers my name is Rugba Karika with NTA 2 channel 5 news. Please can I have your permission to use this picture? Thanks in advance. — Elyon (@fega_RK) September 9, 2015
@DL_Somers hi I work for saudi channel 2 , may I get your permission to use this pic? — Mawzez! (@Sooma_4) September 9, 2015
@DL_Somers hi david CBS Channel 2 news here can we have permission to use this photo? we will credit u on allmedia platforms plz let us know — Jen P (@Jenwestbay) September 9, 2015
@DL_Somers AMAZING PIC DAVID! can we show on the news in Orlando tonight? — ERIN DREW KENT (@ERINDREWKENT) September 9, 2015
@DL_Somers Hi May I have permission to use this photo on all platforms? — AZoooz (@AZIZALALI1) September 9, 2015
@DL_Somers Hi David did you take this pic? Could we please use it for our FOX News coverage? — John Potratz (@johnpotratz) September 9, 2015
@DL_Somers Hi David. I work for the NBC station in Houston (KPRC-TV). May we have permission to use your photo? — Steve Lulgjuraj (@EPSteveL) September 9, 2015
@DL_Somers Hi David. I work for Reuters and we're reporting on this. Would you mind following me so I can DM you about the picture? Thanks. — George Sargent (@georgesarge) September 9, 2015
@DL_Somers Hi there! I'm from WCBS News New York...can we use this photo on air and all platforms? We will credit you! — Ariana Induddi (@Ariana_Induddi) September 8, 2015
@Bradley_Hampton Hi Bradley... FOX31 in Denver would like to see if we can get permission to use your photos on air and online. — KDVR FOX31 Denver (@KDVR) September 9, 2015
@Bradley_Hampton I work for NBC Bay Area News. Can we please use your photos. We would credit you. — Anthony Leong (@anthonyleong83) September 8, 2015
@Bradley_Hampton Hi Bradley, I work for ABC11 in North Carolina, can we use this picture online and on-air? — Taylor Lisenby (@TaylorLisenbyTV) September 9, 2015
@Bradley_Hampton @Bradley_Hampton Hi Bradley, Can we use your images with credit at The Australian? Many regards, hope everyone is safe — Marc Dodd (@marcdodd) September 9, 2015
@Bradley_Hampton Bradley, Kelsey from CBS News here. May we have permission to use your images of this event on our platforms w/ credit?Thx — Kelsey Gore (@KGoreCBS) September 8, 2015
@Bradley_Hampton I'm with CBSNews - May we use your plane on fire photos for affiliates, web, international and web? Thanks stay safe — Sammy Rose Been (@Sammy_Roses) September 8, 2015
@Bradley_Hampton Andres here with CNN, Can we use your photo permanently on all our platforms and affiliates? — Andres Gonzalez (@andago101) September 8, 2015
@Bradley_Hampton Are you okay? If so, can CNN use this photo? — Adrienne (@adriennelu15) September 8, 2015
@Bradley_Hampton Hi, I'm with the NY Daily News. Could we have permission to use your pics if we credit back to you? Thanks! — TWLevinson (@TmasReports) September 8, 2015
@Bradley_Hampton @FoxNews would like to use for Cox Media Group, with credit — Bonnie Buck (@bonniebuck) September 8, 2015
@Bradley_Hampton Hi, can NBC Bay Area use these photos across all NBCU platforms with credit to you? thanks! — NBC Bay Area (@nbcbayarea) September 8, 2015
@Bradley_Hampton Oh no! HOpe everyone's ok. Can we share this photo on our platforms? You'll be credited. — Fresco News License (@frescolicense) September 8, 2015
@Bradley_Hampton hi Bradley, Polly with @Newsweek. Can we use this photo with credit? — Polly Mosendz (@polly) September 8, 2015
@Bradley_Hampton Bradley, may KING 5 in Seattle use your photo, with credit? — KING 5 News (@KING5Seattle) September 8, 2015
@Bradley_Hampton Hi Bradley, I work with NBC News. Can we have permission to use your photos across all platforms? Will credit you. Thanks! — Michelle Cho (@mcho24) September 9, 2015
@Bradley_Hampton Hi Bradley. Can we use your pics on BBC News please? — James Cook (@BBCJamesCook) September 8, 2015
@Bradley_Hampton What a picture! Can FOX31 in Denver get your permission to use on air and on http://t.co/bBIlMoRQV7 with credit to you? — KDVR FOX31 Denver (@KDVR) September 8, 2015
@Bradley_Hampton Hi Bradley, may we use your photo w/ credit at @wsvn? — Brandon (@Launerts) September 8, 2015
@Bradley_Hampton Hi Bradley--Can we have permission to use South Florida Reporter with credit to you? — Media Alert (@MediaAlert) September 9, 2015
@Bradley_Hampton May the European Pressphoto Agency move your photos on our wire with credit to you? — Matt Campbell (@EPAFOTOG) September 9, 2015
@Bradley_Hampton Hi Bradley, hope everyone is alright, can we use please? — Alexander Ward (@alexanderj_ward) September 9, 2015
@Bradley_Hampton Hi Bradley, I work for 10News in San Diego. Can we use your photo online if we credit you? — Stacy Haynes (@StacyeHaynes) September 8, 2015
@Bradley_Hampton Great photo. May we use your photos with credit for our news coverage? Please reply. TX — MailOnline Pictures (@MailOnline_Pics) September 8, 2015
@Bradley_Hampton CBS in Las Vegas, can we use your picture? — Rebecca Krshul (@rebeccanicolle) September 8, 2015
@Bradley_Hampton Can Demotix news agency in the UK syndicate this photo and the others you have to our media clients with a credit to you? — Matthew Richards (@forestmat) September 8, 2015
@Bradley_Hampton hi bradley, can we use your photo with credit in Manfouha, (Riyadh, Saudi Arabia) newspaper! — مجلاد (@jallad) September 9, 2015
@Bradley_Hampton hi CBS Channel 2 news here, can we have permission to use this photo we will credit you on all media platforms. thank you! — Jen P (@Jenwestbay) September 9, 2015
@Bradley_Hampton Hi there! I'm from WCBS News New York...can we use this photo on air and all platforms? We will credit you! — Ariana Induddi (@Ariana_Induddi) September 9, 2015
@Bradley_Hampton can we use this image on our platforms for Newsday please respond thanks and great photo Bill Perlman Newsday Photo Editor — Newsday Photography (@newsdayphoto) September 9, 2015
@ericmhays Hey Eric. Can KTLA use your pic with on screen credit to you? Thanks. — Nidia Becerra (@nidia_b) September 8, 2015
@ericmhays can we please use your plane fire pic on @23ABCNews? - thx either way in advance — Justin Burton (@jburtonnews) September 8, 2015
@ericmhays Hi Eric, may we have permission to use this photo on-air and online? — ABC7 News (@abc7newsBayArea) September 8, 2015
@ericmhays We hope everyone is okay! Can we share this with news outlets on our platform? All uses will credit you as the photographer. — Fresco News License (@frescolicense) September 8, 2015
@ericmhays ----- Is this ok if WBZ-TV in Boston uses? — Chris (@ChrisNWBZTV) September 8, 2015
@ericmhays Are you okay? If so, can CNN use this photo? — Adrienne (@adriennelu15) September 8, 2015
@ericmhays Hi Eric. I'm with ABC/KGO in San Francisco. May we air your photo? — hjtuggle (@hjtuggle) September 8, 2015
@ericmhays hey there -- could we please use this photo on @KATUNews? — Mila Mimica (@MilaMimica1) September 8, 2015
@ericmhays Glad to see you're OK. Can KMGH-TV in Denver use this image for all of our platforms? Please let us know. — 7NEWS Denver Channel (@DenverChannel) September 8, 2015
@ericmhays Can we use your pic with credit on Sanook News (Thailand) ? Thanks. — Sanook! News (@SanookNews) September 9, 2015
@ericmhays Sir, may MMB air this photo? — Анхны Индиго© (@anhniiindigo) September 9, 2015
@ericmhays Can we use your photo? What's your #? THanks. — Chuck (@CNNEditorChuck) September 8, 2015
@ericmhays Hi Eric I'm with ABC News. Wondering if we have permission to use this photo on all ABC platforms with courtesy? Thanks! — Emerald Zellers (@EmeraldZellers) September 8, 2015
@ericmhays CBS in Las Vegas, may we use your picture? — Rebecca Krshul (@rebeccanicolle) September 8, 2015
@ericmhays newsday would love to use your photo in our paper tomorrow, can you give us permission? with credit of course photo@newsday.com — Newsday Photography (@newsdayphoto) September 9, 2015
@ericmhays can we use this photo on all of our platforms @WAOW in Wisconsin? We'll give you credit. — John Laughrin (@jlaughrin_WAOW) September 9, 2015
@ericmhays Hi, I'm with the NY Daily News. Could we have permission to use this pic? Thanks! — TWLevinson (@TmasReports) September 8, 2015
Subscribe to Atlanta Muslim to get the latest news from the Atlanta Muslim Community
I remember getting the question mostly from girls and aunties. They would get a wistful look in their eyes and then timidly ask, 'Wasn't it hard getting a job…in hijab?'
I would assure them that it had been okay and that most of my clients loved my hijab. Luckily, I got this question after I had gotten a job; otherwise, perhaps I too would have started to doubt myself. I knew that yes, a hijab does make you look different, but I hadn't dwelled about it too much.
My clients' reaction to my hijabs has been positive. Only a few though have requested that I remove my head-cover. You see, my clients are very special and interesting people, ranging from the age of 6 to 9 years old.
I worked for 4 years in Fulton County's education system at a public elementary school in College Park, Georgia. I remember on my second day of school, a bright, inquisitive student of mine interrupted my lesson by shouting, 'Mrs. Faruqi! You are wearing a different color scarf today!' I smilingly responded that yes, I had LOTS of different colored scarves. Needless to say, this student was a fan of my different colored hijabs, and often requested me to wear certain colored hijabs. One day he asked, 'Mrs. Faruqi, can you wear your pink scarf tomorrow?' Choosing what to wear the next day became easy!
I did have a few students though who just couldn't seem to understand why I wore hijab, asking sometimes: 'Mrs. Faruqi, can you wear your hair to school tomorrow?' I would have to break it down to the hopeful student, that no, I would not wear my hair to school tomorrow, that I wear my hair at home. To explain hijab to a second grader in a public school setting can be challenging, so sometimes I adopt an answer I learned on Disney's 'The Proud Family,' where they featured a Muslim girl answer, 'I wear hijab so that I can be appreciated for who I am, not just what I look like.' Or I would sometimes say, 'I'm Muslim and this is how I choose to dress.' Both answers worked.
Some of my students' parents were excited to have a hijabi teach their children because they thought it was good exposure to a different culture. But I think it's important to teach students about many cultures; not just mine. Teaching through read-alouds is an easy way to talk about cultures. For example, there are many Cinderella tales from all around the world. My students really enjoyed Cinderella from China (Yeh-Shen retold by Ai-Ling Louie), Cinderella from the Middle East (Maha – a hijabi – in The Golden Sandal by Rebecca Hickox), and more!
As a Muslim woman, hijab does define you. However, I feel the way you perceive your hijab will set the tone for the reactions that you will get. So in response to the girls and aunties, if you feel embarrassed of your hijab, you may believe that others are perceiving you negatively. But if you act like your hijab is normal, you will feel totally normal. Confidence is key. If the Middle Eastern Cinderella - aka the hijabi Maha from The Golden Sandal - could deal with the challenges of Cinderella, meet a prince in the process, and get a job as a Princess, then we too can do those things in hijab. (Marrying a prince: optional.)
I am a freelance writer and photographer who loves to doodle, write about, and capture the little unnoticeable things in life. Through my art medium of pencils, paint, potting soil, and pixels, I thrive. I am also a teacher and have taught 2nd grade in Fulton County Schools in Atlanta, Georgia for 4 years. I am currently a Stay-At-Home-Mom to a _ month old toddler(she was born in June 2010---you can do the math!) who is exploring my creative outlet via the aforementioned 4 P's on www.reemfaruqi.com.
"Free school bids from groups advocating creationism and intelligent design as scientific theories will not be approved, according to the first government guidance on the issue," reports the Times Education Supplement (May 20, 2011). The guidelines by which applications to establish free schools are assessed provide, "Creationism, intelligent design and similar ideas must not be taught as valid scientific theories," and a spokesperson for the Department for Children, Education, and Schools told The Telegraph (May 20, 2011) that the Secretary of Education, Michael Gove, "will not accept any academy or free school proposal which plans to teach creationism in the science curriculum or as an alternative to accepted scientific theories."
Like charter schools in the United States, "free schools" are established by local groups of parents, teachers, businesses, colleges and universities, and/or non-profit organizations, but funded directly by the government. Allowing free schools was a key point of the Conservative Party's education platform in the 2010 British election. After the present coalition government took office, free schools "were given approval in the Academies Act 2010, which paved the way for existing state primary and secondary schools to become academies," according to the BBC (May 23, 2011). As of May 2011, the Department for Children, Education, and Schools had received 323 proposals from groups wanting to establish a free school; between ten and twenty are expected to open by September 2011.
The guidelines were issued just a week after a new campaign — Creationism In Schools Isn't Science, or CrISIS — petitioned the government to enforce its stated position on the teaching of creationism. "Creationism is known, and officially acknowledged, to be contrary to scientific fact," the petition argued. "We therefore demand that creationism should not be presented as a valid scientific position, nor creationist websites and resources be promoted, in publicly funded schools or in any youth activities run on publicly funded school premises." Endorsed by the National Secular Society, the religious thinktank Ekklesia, and the British Centre for Science Education, CrISIS was started by a concerned parent, Laura Horner, after a young-earth creationist was invited to speak at her son's school in Exeter.
See Planting Dates for Your Location
Vegetable Gardening Calendar
Enter your location in the field above to get customized planting dates.
EXAMPLE CHART
What is a Planting Calendar?
Find the best dates for planting vegetables and fruit in your garden! Our free planting calendar calculates the best time to start seeds indoors and outdoors, as well as when to plant young plants outside.
Simply put, a planting calendar is a guide that tells you the best time to start planting your garden. Most planting calendars are based on frost dates, which dictate when you should start seeds and when it's safe to plant outdoors. Our planting calendar also shows dates for planting by the Moon (learn more about this technique below).
Frequently Asked Questions
Why Should You Start Seeds Indoors?
Starting seeds indoors gives your crops a head start on the growing season and the chance to grow in a stable, controlled environment. Outdoors, the unpredictability of rain, drought, low and high temperatures, sunlight, and pests can take a toll on young plants, especially when they're just getting started. Indoors, you can control these elements to maximize your plants' growth and give them the best shot at thriving when they are eventually transplanted outdoors. In regions with a short growing season, starting seeds indoors lets you get a jump on the season and have more time to grow, resulting in a greater harvest. Read more about starting seeds indoors.
What is Planting by the Moon?
Planting by the Moon (also called Gardening by the Moon) is a traditional way to help plan your above- and below-ground crops. Here's how it works:
Plant annual flowers and vegetables that bear crops above ground during the light, or waxing, of the Moon. In other words, plant from the day the Moon is new until the day it is full.
and during the light, or waxing, of the Moon. In other words, plant from the day the Moon is new until the day it is full. Plant flowering bulbs, biennial and perennial flowers, and vegetables that bear crops below ground during the dark, or waning, of the Moon. In other words, plant from the day after the Moon is full until the day before it is new again.
Old-time farmers swear that this practice results in a larger, tastier harvest, so we've included planting by the Moon dates in our planting calendar, too. Learn more about Planting and Gardening by the Moon.
Photo by Surachet Khamsuk/Shutterstock
Which Seeds Should You Start Indoors?
A lot of seeds can be started indoors, but some are better off being sown directly into the garden. Some crops, such as root vegetables, do not transplant well and should be started outdoors. Tomatoes and peppers, on the other hand, can tolerate being transplanted and are typically started indoors. Consult our table, below, to see where other crops are commonly started.
Whether you start seeds indoors or outdoors also depends on the length of your growing season, as well as your climate. In cool regions with shorter growing seasons, most seeds should be started indoors, as they need to get a head start on the growing season and should be protected from potentially-freezing spring temperatures. In warm regions with longer growing seasons, more seeds can be started outdoors, as they don't need as much of a head start on the season and are not in danger of being killed by a spring frost.
When Should You Start Seeds Indoors?
For most crops, you should start seeds indoors about 6–8 weeks before your last spring frost date. This gives the plants plenty of time to grow large and healthy enough to survive their eventual transplanting to the garden. Consult our Planting Calendar to see the best time to start seeds in your area.
When Should You Transplant Seedlings?
When seedlings have grown too large for their seed trays or starter pots, it's time to transplant. If it's not yet warm enough to plant outdoors, transplant the seedlings to larger plastic or peat pots indoors and continue care. If outdoor conditions allow, start hardening off your seedlings approximately one week before your last frost date, then transplant them into the garden. Get more tips for transplanting seedlings here.
Browse Planting Calendars by State or Province
West Ham forward Diafra Sakho has been arrested on suspicion of common assault.
Police officers made their move last Thursday, just three days before the Hammers recorded a shock 2-0 win over Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium, following allegations the 25-year-old attacked a woman.
Sakho was arrested at his Essex home, in Hornchurch, before being taken to an east London police station.
The striker, who cost West Ham £3.5m last year, was also arrested on suspicion of criminal damage and malicious communication.
West Ham star Diafra Sakho, 25, pictured with partner Mya. He was arrested at his home in Hornchurch, Essex, on suspicion of assaulting a woman
Arrest: Diafra Sakho has been held on suspicion of common assault by Metropolitan Police officers. He is pictured receiving West Ham's goalscorer of the year award for last season, his first year with the club
Sakho was arrested on suspicion of common assault, malicious communication and criminal damage
The Senegal international has been bailed and is due to return at a date towards the end of next month.
A police spokesman confirmed: 'Officers from Tower Hamlets have arrested a man on suspicion of common assault, criminal damage and malicious communication.
'The 25-year-old was arrested on Thursday, 6 August at an address in Emerson Park, Hornchurch.
'He was taken to an east London police station and has been bailed to a date in late September.'
West Ham declined to comment on the matter on Tuesday.
The incident didn't prevent Sakho from featuring heavily in Slaven Bilic's plans against the Gunners on Sunday, the Croatian's first league game in charge of the club.
He started the London derby, playing in virtually all of the encounter, replaced in injury time by Modibo Maiga as the Hammers ran out 2-0 winners.
Police were called to a property in Emerson Park in Hornchurch, Essex (general area pictured)
The Senegal international Sakho (right) has been bailed and featured heavily as West Ham won at Arsenal
The 25-year-old Sakho (right) was arrested three days before West Ham beat Arsenal in the Premier League
Sakho moved to West Ham last summer in a £3.5m deal from FC Metz in France.
Last season he played 23 Premier League games, scoring 10 goals and providing two assists.
CORVALLIS, Ore. -- Southern California freshman tailback Dillon Baxter has been ruled ineligible to compete for the Trojans because he solicited a ride in a golf cart on USC's campus from an NFLPA-certified agent Thursday in violation of NCAA rules concerning extra benefits, school officials confirmed Saturday.
USC self-reported the infraction and also filed an official request with the NCAA for Baxter's reinstatement. As part of the request, USC put a nominal value on the golf cart ride that Baxter would have to repay, likely to a charity, USC vice president for athletic compliance David Roberts said.
"We're hoping that that this is going to be the end of it and the NCAA will understand that we acted proactively and quickly," Roberts said. "Obviously we'll take further action in this coming week to make sure that there are no other contacts between these people and our players."
The agent, Teague Egan, is the CEO of 1st Round Enterprises, a company that represents multiple recording artists and lists itself as a provider of sports representation. Egan is also currently a student at USC, according to official school records. His biography on the agency's website includes a claim that he has "befriended many athletes on the USC football team."
"As an contract advisor, I have never ever given a player money, anything of monetary value, or extra benefit not afforded to other students or my friends," Egan wrote in a statement to ESPNLosAngeles.com Saturday night. "We did not mean or intend to break any rules, and are truly sorry this instance got blown out of proportion."
Egan added: "To me, a golf cart ride wasn't an extra benefit, since I give 15-20 rides a day to all my friends to and from class," Egan said. "The question is would they consider riding on the handle bars of a bicycle against the rules? Say we all wanted to go to the movies together, would we have to take separate cars, and the player ride by himself? ... I wouldn't even buy a player ticket to that movie. But a ride?"
Egan also said he plans on "fully cooperating with USC on any issue they might have."
Former Trojans linebacker Jordan Campbell, the first USC player to defect post-sanctions when he transferred to Louisville in June, is listed as a partner on the agency's official site. Longtime NFL agent and current USC adjunct professor of law Fred Fenster is also listed as the legal senior adviser for the company.
Campbell and Fenster did not immediately return phone calls and messages left for them Saturday afternoon.
Speaking to reporters in the Reser Stadium press box before Saturday's USC-Oregon State game, Roberts said USC has notified both the NCAA and Louisville of Campbell's involvement with the company.
"That's not per se our issue because he's no longer a student with us, but we're aware of the facts," Roberts said. "As we look into this, that'll be an issue to be considered."
Baxter did not practice Thursday after being hospitalized earlier in the day with an unspecified illness and dehydration. He entered the practice field roughly a half-hour before the session ended and appeared groggy.
USC coach Lane Kiffin said then he was hopeful Baxter would play against the Beavers.
Also present on the practice field Thursday was Roberts, who rarely attends practice. He spoke to Kiffin on the field during the two-hour session and continued to observe happenings as the team practiced.
"Obviously we take this very serious," Kiffin said Friday in a video released on the school's website. "We talked to Dillon and Dillon didn't know that [the student was an agent], but we turned it in to the NCAA and, in the meantime, he won't be going with us."
Baxter, a top recruit out of Mission Bay High in San Diego, has already missed two games this season. He was suspended for the opener against Hawaii and missed the Cal game last month with a turf toe injury.
Attempts to reach Baxter were not returned.
USC was put under significant NCAA sanctions during the summer after a four-year investigation into the athletic department. The NCAA punished the Trojans for extra benefits allegedly provided to Heisman Trophy-winning tailback Reggie Bush by two aspiring sports marketers.
USC (7-3, 4-3 Pac-10) is in the first season of a two-year bowl ban and four years of probation. The football program also lost 30 scholarships over the next three years.
Despite the sanctions and subsequent loss of several backup players who were allowed to transfer without losing a season of eligibility, USC is tied for third in the conference standings with three wins in its past four games. After traveling to Oregon State, the Trojans will finish their 13-game season against Notre Dame and UCLA.
Baxter is the Trojans' third-leading rusher with 248 yards and one touchdown, starting one game and emerging as Marc Tyler's primary backup. Baxter also has 11 receptions for 73 yards.
Pedro Moura is co-author of the USC blog on ESPNLosAngeles.com. Follow him on Twitter. Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.
Can you conquer every Super Mario game on the NES? Great.
Now do it all at the same time.
YouTube user agwawaf posted a video Monday showing him completing the first four Mario games using a single controller input. That's right: One controller, four emulators, four games running at the same time.
The trick is that this is a tool-assisted speed run. By using emulators, save states and running the games at a very slow pace, he was able to individually tweak and nudge each movement of the four Marios so that they would stay a hair's breadth from danger. It's still a remarkably impressive achievement when you consider the painstaking care that such a meticulous feat requires.
As with most tool-assisted gameplay videos, everything you see here is theoretically possible to do in real time, but so unbelievably difficult that the chances of a human being doing this are just about zero.
If you don't feel like watching the whole 13-minute clip, at least scrub to around the 10-minute mark, at which point agwawaf defeats three of the game's final bosses simultaneously.
See Also:- Video: Subversive Brain Age Speedrun Will Blow Your Mind
Vermont jam quartet Twiddle celebrated a milestone last night, when they headlined the famed Capitol Theatre in Port Chester, New York. Not only did Twiddle headline the show, which was opened by fellow up-and-coming jam act TAUK, but their fans came out in droves to sell out the venue.
Twiddle didn't rest on their laurels as they opened with the debut of an original, “Blunderbuss.” Guitarist/vocalist Mihali Savoulidis informed the crowd the new song would be found on their upcoming album PLUMP: Chapter Two. The quartet then dipped into their early catalog for “Beethoven And Greene” before treating the capacity crowd to two songs off 2015's PLUMP: Chapter One, “Dusk ‘Til Dawn” and “Polluted Beauty.” A highlight came at the end of the set, when special guest Matisyahu emerged for a pair of songs. Matis added to the Twiddle original “Lost In The Cold” and also led them on his own “King Without A Crown.” The reggae-rapper dove into the crowd during “King Without A Crown” and was passed around by fans before heading back to the stage. Watch the wild scene captured by William Corcoran:
The band dedicated the Mother's Day Eve performance to moms and delivered a jam-heavy, five-song second set. “Apples” featured a handful of Michael Jackson teases as Twiddle worked in hints of “Beat It,” “Billie Jean” and “Smooth Criminal.” Last night's second set also included the recently debuted “Collective Pulse,” early favorites “Grandpa Fox” and “Frankenfoote” as well as PLUMP: Chapter One's “Syncopated Healing.” Twiddle said farewell with a “Zazu's Flight” > “Hatti's Jam” > “When It Rains, It Poors” encore.
Here's footage of the “Blunderbuss” debut which opened captured by William Corcoran:
Setlist (via uTwiddle)
Set One: Blunderbuss[1], Beethoven and Greene, Dusk ‘Til Dawn, Polluted Beauty, Wasabi Eruption -> The Box, Lost In The Cold[2], King Without A Crown[3]
Set Two: Grandpa Fox, Apples[4], Syncopated Healing, Frankenfoote, Collective Pulse
Encore: Zazu's Flight[5] > Hatti's Jam -> When It Rains, It Poors
For all the slick technology, there are grave moral and legal questions going unanswered in the government's use of armed drones to kill people considered terrorist threats. The problems involving these secretive executions are ably underlined by a bipartisan panel of military and intelligence veterans who warn in a new report that without adequate controls and public accountability, the United States could be on a “slippery slope” into a form of perpetual warfare that invites other nations to follow suit and never explain themselves.
“The United States should not conduct a long-term killing program based on secret rationales,” the panel cautioned in a 77-page analysis released by the Stimson Center, a nonpartisan Washington think tank specializing in international peace and security.
Targeted killings by drones may be justified at times against terrorist threats to the United States, but the “blow back” from unintended civilian killings in places like Pakistan and Yemen is becoming “a potent recruiting tool for terrorist organizations,” the report noted. The panel, which had experienced specialists from the George W. Bush and Clinton administrations, concluded that there was no indication that drone attacks on suspected terrorists had advanced “long-term U.S. security interests.”
The Obama administration should be addressing these issues with regular reports to the public about the rationale for the use of drones and the numbers of militants and civilians killed. Instead, excessive secrecy shrouds these operations. While the report points out that there may be fewer civilian casualties in a drone strike than in a conventional bombing, drone operations need to be subject to credible oversight.
Money 'is not enough to make us happy' he tells 4,000 pupils and young people at Twickenham school on second day of visit
The pope today warned against the cult of celebrity and wealth, on the second day of his British tour.
Visiting about 4,000 school pupils and young people at St Mary's University College, Twickenham, he told them that "money is not enough to make us happy".
Instead of modelling themselves on sport or entertainment stars, he urged them to find happiness in God.
In contrast to his strongly worded addresses yesterday, the pope struck a more informal tone as he adrressed Catholic schoolchildren.
"I hope that among those of you listening to me today there are some of the future saints of the 21st century," he said.
Benedict is known for baffling lay audiences with abstruse dissertations on the faith. But on this occasion, he made a point of talking in a language that was calculated to reach his listeners.
In an address that was relayed to Catholic schools around the country, he said: "Perhaps some of you think being a saint is not for you. Let me explain what I mean. When we are young, we can usually think of people that we look up to, people we admire, people we want to be like.
"We live in a celebrity culture and young people are often encouraged to model themselves on figures from the world of sport or entertainment."
But by inviting his listeners to become saints, the pope said he was asking them "not to be content with second best".
He urged them not to be swayed by the motivations of wealth: "Having money makes it possible to be generous and do good in the world, but on its own, it is not enough to make us happy.
"Being highly skilled in some activity or profession is good, but it will not satisfy us unless we aim for something greater still. It might make us famous, but it will not make us happy."
Benedict said "one of the great tragedies of this world" was that so many people did not find happiness. That was "because they look for it in the wrong places".
"The key to it is very simple – true happiness is to be found in God."
Speaking earlier to Catholic teachers and educational officials including the education secretary, Michael Gove, he made a rare use of the first person when he recalled his education: "I myself as a boy was taught by the 'English Ladies' and I owe them a deep debt of gratitude."
This was a reference to the Institute of the Blessed Virgin Mary, an order which traces its origins to a congregation modelled on the Jesuits and founded in the 17th century by the Venerable Mary Ward.
Yorkshire-born Ward had her community suppressed – and was herself imprisoned – by the inquisition, an institution whose direct successor, the congregation for the doctrine of the faith, was to be headed for 24 years by the pope when he was a cardinal.
The pope will continue his four-day state visit today with a meeting with the archbishop of Canterbury designed to demonstrate the unity between the two churches.
He will meet Rowan Williams privately at Lambeth Palace before the only ecumenical service of the state visit, at Westminster Abbey. It will be the first time any pope has been to either venue.
Before the service, he will travel by popemobile to parliament to address an 1,800-strong audience in Westminster Hall on the role of faith in society.
Among the guests will be the former prime ministers Margaret Thatcher, John Major, Tony Blair and Gordon Brown.
Archbishop Vincent Nichols, leader of Catholics in England and Wales, told a news conference earlier this week that the pope would pay tribute to the democratic traditions of British society.
"I think while he fully on the record recognises the importance in modern democratic societies of institutions being secular, he expects secular institutions to have an open and positive attitude towards religious faith," he said.
History could also be made when Rev Dr Jane Hedges, canon steward of Westminster Abbey and a campaigner for women bishops, greets the pontiff as he arrives, as he is not thought to have shaken a clergywoman's hand in public before.
The Catholic church will be hoping the pope's second day in the UK is as successful as the first in Scotland, where 125,000 people took to the streets of Edinburgh to welcome the pontiff, and 60,000 worshippers congregated in Glasgow's Bellahouston Park for an open-air mass.
The pope addressed the child abuse scandal as he flew into Scotland, telling reporters on board his private plane that the priests in question had not been dealt with decisively or quickly enough.
However, the first day of the visit was dominated by his attack on "atheist extremism" and "aggressive secularism".
He used a speech at the Palace of Holyroodhouse in Edinburgh to bemoan the damage that "the exclusion of God, religion and virtue from public life" had done in the last century, and to call on Britain to respect its Christian foundations.
"Today, the United Kingdom strives to be a modern and multicultural society," he said. "In this challenging enterprise, may it always maintain its respect for those traditional values and cultural expressions that more aggressive forms of secularism no longer value or even tolerate."
The pope returned to the theme in Glasgow, saying: "The evangelisation of culture is all the more important in our times, when a 'dictatorship of relativism' threatens to obscure the unchanging truth about man's nature, his destiny and his ultimate good. There are some who now seek to exclude religious belief from public discourse, to privatise it or even to paint it as a threat to equality and liberty. Yet religion is in fact a guarantee of authentic liberty and respect, leading us to look upon every person as a brother or sister."
At the time I wrote this letter to the editor, Hillary Clinton leads Trump in every national poll on RealClearPolitics.com, while Trump continues his nosedive.
He has announced several leadership changes on his campaign staff, which is never a good sign this late in the race.
As we get closer to debate season, many people have become so disenfranchised with their parties, that they are looking for a third voice on that stage - a voice who represents the best ideas of social liberalism and fiscal conservatism. And most importantly, people are looking for someone who has the best chance to win.
Among third party candidates, that person is Gary Johnson. He is the only third party candidate who will appear on the ballot in all 50 states. No write-in campaign necessary. You don't even have to agree with all of his stances to understand the benefits of hearing how his ideas differ from Clinton and Trump.
As Americans, we should always agree that whether we are at the grocery store, looking to switch Internet service providers or standing at the ballot box, more choices are always better than fewer choices.
Curtis Williams
Amarillo
Aldermen on Wednesday continued to press for further explanation of an ethics rule that would curtail their ability to get their hands on sought-after sports tickets, calling on City Hall's watchdog to clarify when exactly standards that were established in response to a playoff ticket offer from the Cubs would apply.
City Inspector General Joseph Ferguson urged aldermen to consider the public perception of them accepting face value playoff tickets from the Cubs.
But Ferguson declined to lend his interpretation to a recent Board of Ethics ruling that said aldermen cannot take tickets offered by the Cubs to World Series games at Wrigley Field unless they perform a ceremonial duty at the game. The ruling says taking tickets could violate a ban on elected officials accepting gifts worth more than $50.
"We do not interpret the law," Ferguson said repeatedly during his annual budget hearing as aldermen questioned him about the Ethics Board ruling.
He said aldermen should sit down with ethics board members after the World Series to figure out exactly what the standards mean.
After his hearing ended, Ferguson said aldermen ought to think more about how it looks for them to get tickets at face value that could cost constituents thousands of dollars.
"What was missing in the back-and-forth that occurred here was sort of consideration of the optics and the appearance, and the appearance of possible conflicts of interest," he said.
"Above and beyond, as a cultural matter, especially at this moment in the city's history, yes, we should be thinking about the appearance of conflict," he said.
Throughout Ferguson's hearing, aldermen kept circling back to voice their displeasure with the new rules.
"It's ridiculous that 49 other aldermen or state reps or whatever can't buy tickets at face value if the Cubs so choose to do that," said Ald. Proco "Joe" Moreno, 1st.
Ald. Milly Santiago, 31st, said the tickets the Cubs offered to aldermen for earlier playoff games weren't that great, and she doesn't have the money to pay the exorbitant mark-ups demanded by scalpers.
"First of all, those tickets were not front row tickets, they were all the way in the upper deck, and if I went like this I would touch the ceiling. That's how bad those tickets were," she said.
"So it's kind of embarrassing in my part. I don't know how the rest of my colleagues feel. I think this should be a matter of individual and personal choice, because those who are not Cubs fans should just say 'No, I'm not interested.' But those of us who would like to get a chance to go to one of those games and be part of history, we should have that choice."
"I'm a poor alderman, I cannot even afford to buy a $1,000 ticket. I cannot afford that," Santiago added.
Ticket prices to see the Cubs at Wrigley Field, according to analysts, could make the 112th World Series the most expensive event in recent sports history. Ticket prices to see the Cubs at Wrigley Field, according to analysts, could make the 112th World Series the most expensive event in recent sports history. SEE MORE VIDEOS
The Cubs withdrew their long-standing playoff ticket offer to aldermen after the ethics board on Friday issued a memo last week explaining that if city officials, including Mayor Rahm Emanuel, buy the tickets at face value, they would have to perform some sort of "ceremonial duty or action" like throwing out the first pitch or standing on the field with other elected officials. That's because the tickets are worth far more on the secondary market.
The memo also stated there must be "a clear and direct connection between the official's attendance and the performance of such ceremonial duty or action and the nature and location of the event itself." It went on to cite as examples the mayor or alderman whose ward includes the venue — which in the case of Wrigley Field is Ald. Tom Tunney, 44th.
Also during budget hearings on Wednesday, city Public Health Commissioner Julie Morita defended her office's mental health policy, which has been a point of controversy since Emanuel closed several city-run mental health clinics shortly after taking office in 2011. The latest proposed change is to create a mental health "triage center" run by Cook County at the city's Roseland mental health facility on the Far South Side.
Critics have said this is a move by the city to further diminish the mental health care it offers, and pointed out people who see therapists at Roseland will instead have to travel to other clinics to get treatment from the same people. But Morita argued it is a way to expand mental health services without raising costs.
"(That) allows us to free up our staff that are currently located there to then provide mental health services out of our Department of Family Support Service sites – some of them – and also to increase the types of services we're providing out of our existing, remaining five sites," she said.
Streets and Sanitation Commissioner Charles Williams also had his day on the budget hot seat, and told aldermen he expects about 16 inches more snow in Chicago than last year's mild winter. That would bring the season's total to 46 inches. Williams said to brace for "a very cold January and February" but said "the crews are all set" to deal with the upcoming inclement weather.
He also detailed the department's decision to break out rodent abatement teams into their own section of the department for 2017. The change comes with no additional funding or employees, and the shift in personnel was executed earlier this year when the city announced it would detail workers no longer needed on garbage pick-up to be part of beefed up rat-fighting patrols.
As they do every fall, aldermen also pressed Williams to more quickly trim trees when residents request the service, and to more rapidly replace garbage and recycling bins that are damaged or stolen.
Some aldermen also expressed displeasure with the Streets and Sanitation policy of sending out ward superintendents to collect dead animals. The ward superintendents now pick up and dispose of smaller dead animals people report, like birds or rats. Two trucks that used to pick up dead animals are now working with the rodent abatement teams. If the dead animal is on the larger side, like a raccoon or a dog, a special animal recovery truck is dispatched.
Cornerback Brice McCain has been in the league since he was drafted by the Houston Texans in 2009. Though he spent just one season, 2014, with the Pittsburgh Steelers, fans have looked back nostalgically on the Year of Brice. When McCain left the Steelers to sign a two-year contract with the Miami Dolphins, the team's secondary lost a talented player who was a strong contributor to the Steelers defense after injuries to both Ike Taylor and Cortez Allen.
Now, the Dolphins have decided they cannot afford to retain the services of McCain for the second year of his $5.5 million contract. In 11 games with the Dolphins, McCain had 39 tackles, ten passes defensed, and one interception. this one-handed beauty in September that left Steelers fans regretting his departure from the squad:
The departure of McCain and the retirement of Jason Worilds left the Steelers squad reliant on Antwon Blake and other inexperienced players. Throughout the season, fans bemoaned the state of the secondary, often wondering if the Steelers should have done more to retain McCain. Now, the Steelers are expected to receive a compensatory pick in the seventh round for the loss of McCain to free agency last offseason.
Outside of the one-handed interception, McCain did not have a particularly astounding year with the Dolphins. Part of that could be due to dysfunction within the Dolphins organization, which fired head coach Joe Philbin at the beginning of October. Still, McCain did not perform consistently enough with the Dolphins to keep his starting spot opposite Brett Grimes during the 2015 season.
The Steelers might take a look at McCain, but they should be in a better position going into the 2016 season. Here are a few reasons acquiring McCain, even at a discount in the wake of his release, is not a good idea:
Second-round draft pick Senquez Golson should be healthy and ready to show why he attracted the interest of the Steelers. Golson is healthy now after spending the off season studying up. He could become an impact player in the secondary.
2. Wacky personnel choices
Though the Steelers did not give him much playing time, cornerback Brandon Boykin, formerly of the Philadelphia Eagles, should have been an upgrade over McCain. He saw more playing time than the injured Golson (that's not saying much. Golson played in exactly zero games), but was woefully underutilized, even though Antwon Blake and other members of the secondary often played abysmal football. Who knows what the team would have done with McCain.
3. Other Talent
The Steelers seem heavily invested in Ross Cockrell, who drew the interest of Mike Tomlin and impressed defensive coordinator Keith Butler when he eagerly went up against Antonio Brown in practice, according to PennLive.com. Given the amount of playing time that Cockrell saw, and the enthusiasm of his coach and coordinator, the team likely sees him continuing his prominent role next season.
4. Coaching
On-field personnel are only a cog in the machine. Position coaches and coordinators also play a key role in developing talent and ensuring the success of the team. Defensive backs coach Carnell Lake has faced the challenges associated with rebuilding a position group, but it is time to ask whether he is the weak link of the Steelers secondary. Could McCain thrive under a phenomenal defensive backs coach? As Mike Munchak, the Steelers offensive line coach, has proven, a good coach can develop raw talent and help veteran players reach new levels of excellence.
5. The Draft
The 2016 draft class is fraught with talented defensive backs. If the Steelers use a first or second round draft pick to add depth to their secondary, McCain would be redundant. On the other hand, if they plan to acquire help for the secondary through veteran NFL talent, there could end up being better options than McCain.
6. The Pass Rush
Bud Dupree was a welcome addition to the Steelers squad and a wise use of a first-round draft pick in 2015. The team might need to make more investments in their front seven, however. Even with Dupree and other talented players on the roster, the Steelers pass rush was abysmal. Without a decent pass rush, even a super-talented, perfectly coached secondary would struggle.
The Steelers gave up an average of 271.9 passing yards per game, third worst in the entire league. Though it is an interesting bit of news that McCain has been released by the Dolphins, he is not the solution to the Steelers secondary woes.
Firefighters in New South Wales, Australia, which will see a sharp increase in wildfires. Image: Ben Shepherd/NSW RFS Media Services via Flickr
New research predicts that global warming will cause a massive rise in global wildfires, particularly on Australia's east coast and in the Mediterranean basin.
LONDON, 8 February, 2017 – The conditions for extreme and catastrophic wildfires could increase by 20% to 50% as the world warms and the climate changes, according to new research.
An analysis of 23 million wildfires between 2002 and 2013 has identified 478 of the worst – scientists call them “extreme wildfire events”.
“Extreme fire events are a global and natural phenomenon, particularly in forested areas that have pronounced dry seasons,” says David Bowman of the University of Tasmania in Hobart, Australia, who led the study with US colleagues.
Weather for wildfires
“With the exception of land clearance, the research found that extremely intense fires are associated with anomalous weather – such as droughts, winds or, in desert regions, following particularly wet seasons.
“Of the top 478 events, we identified 144 economically and socially disastrous extreme fire events that were concentrated in regions where humans have built into flammable forested landscapes, such as areas surrounding cities in southern Australia and western North America.”
The study of what the researchers call “pyrogeography”, in Nature Ecology and Evolution journal, comes as forest fires devastate Chile.
“ What makes a fire event a disaster in the US is when
key factors combine – low-density housing amidst
dense forests, the right climatic conditions and
a lack of fire preparedness on the part of humans”
It follows a series of warnings of increased wildfire hazard as global temperatures rise in response to the ever greater levels of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere, as a consequence of the increasing combustion of fossil fuels.
Fire poses a threat to the entire warming world. US authorities spent more than $2bn suppressing wildfires in 2015, but greater conflagrations are expected in the US west, and wildfire damage could eventually double, according to other studies.
But the hazard is not confined to the Americas. The researchers began their analysis to identify the range of conditions that turn a chance lightning bolt, or a carelessly discarded cigarette, into the kind of conflagration that kills people and destroys townships. And they found a pattern: in more than nine out of 10 cases, “anomalous” weather conditions made the hazard worse.
These could be high winds, high temperatures and drought, and, in desert regions, unusually high rainfall the preceding season that triggers greater growth and more fuel for the next fire.
“Climate change is causing fire seasons to start earlier and finish later, with an associated trend towards more extreme wildfire events in terms of their geographic extent and duration, intensity, severity, associated suppression costs, and loss of life and property,” the scientists write.
The sharpest increases will be on Australia's east coast and in the Mediterranean basin, in particular Portugal, Spain, France, Greece and Turkey. Some of these landscapes are naturally adapted to fire. But in the US, a higher proportion of all fires became disasters for precisely identified reasons.
Fatal combination
“What makes a fire event a disaster in the US is when key factors combine – low-density housing amidst dense forests, the right climatic conditions and a lack of fire preparedness on the part of humans,” says co-author Crystal Kolden of the University of Idaho in the US.
“We can't stop big, intense fires from happening here, and they are increasing under climate change. However, in the western US, we can reduce the potential for fire disasters by both reducing forest density and improving mitigation and preparedness through the development of fire-resilient communities.”
– Climate News Network
I remember the day that my brother Joe, age 20, left our father's house after saying he needed to change the oil in his car. He had already loaded his .22 rifle into a duffle bag. His next stop was Walmart, where he bought a 12-gauge shotgun. For years he struggled with depression. We all had a gut-wrenching fear that he might make another suicide attempt.
That evening he took his ex-girlfriend hostage, intent on killing her and then himself. An unexpected visitor arrived and the ex-girlfriend cried for help. Hostage negotiators with a Swat team spoke to him by phone. In the middle of the night he let her go. Shortly before 6:45am, he ended his own life.
In 1997, the year I lost my brother, approximately 30,535 people died by suicide. Around 90% of those people, like my brother, suffered from a treatable mental health issue. The American Association of Suicidology estimates that 2% of these individuals take someone else's life along with their own.
My brother's death was the lead headline in the Sunday edition of our local paper. I watched my grandfather clutch that newspaper as he sank back in his chair. “How can they call him a man when he's just a boy ... my boy,” he sobbed.
Surgeon general: I have no regrets about calling gun violence public health issue Read more
We were lucky that Joe let his hostage go. We could apologize and did, and while we couldn't make it right, we didn't have to live with a murder. Still, there were people who gave us looks that suggested we were that family with those problems.
Families of people with mental health problems put on brave faces, encourage, cajole, and try to compensate for under-functioning loved ones. It's exhausting, especially if support is limited. My family lived in a small town with few treatment options and my brother didn't have health insurance. He'd gone to rehab for drug addiction a few years earlier, but in the months leading up to his death he grew agitated when anyone questioned what we felt was his skewed logic.
We didn't know that male depression often looks like aggression, or how to navigate the complex mental health system. Our rights, as we understood them, were sleepless nights, support and involuntary hospitalization if it became clear he was an imminent danger to himself or someone else. But imminent means the crisis will occur within the next 24 to 48 hours. How often is anyone that certain?
I wish we had known we could call a crisis hotline, like the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline (1-800-273-TALK), and ask for help, even if Joe hadn't made a direct suicide threat. But hindsight is 20-20. In a very difficult situation, we all did our best.
Mental health problems are complex. They can strike anyone at any time. While diseases like bipolar disorder and schizophrenia have genetic components, none of us is immune to head injuries, physical diseases that impair judgment or a rash of significant losses that feels like too much.
People living with mental health issues are more than their diagnoses. My brother made a terrible choice – one that I will never defend – but he was also the young man who got up at sunrise to shovel my grandfather's walk. He was also someone I deeply loved.
It's been almost 20 years since Joe's death. I will never understand the emotional pain he endured or the choices he made at the end of his life. While the anguish of this loss has abated, the wound will never fully heal. To deal with the aching grief I still carry, I try to pass on the gifts given to me after Joe's death.
At my brother's funeral, a woman named Wendy pulled me close and whispered: “I know,” as I cried on her shoulder. Her son had died by suicide two years earlier. She didn't want my family to believe we were alone. On that same day, my best friend, who'd known Joe and me since childhood, arrived at the funeral home to simply say: “I'm here.”
I called her the other day. While catching up, we discussed my brother's death. “Do you remember all of the circumstances surrounding Joe's suicide?” I asked, fully convinced that the only way she could have been such a vital support to me was by forgetting some part of the terrible truth.
“I do.” she said, her words soft, even, and filled with total acceptance. “I remember it all.”
In the US, the National Suicide Prevention Hotline is 1-800-273-8255. In the UK, the Samaritans can be contacted on 08457 90 90 90. In Australia, the crisis support service Lifeline is on 13 11 14. Hotlines in other countries can be found here.
You just know a town whose nickname is shared with the capital city of the merry old Land of Oz has to be full of weird stuff. And yes, Seattle most assuredly lives up to those “Emerald City” expectations. Take a look at some of Seattle's most unusual museums. We're sure you'll agree.
Giant Shoe Museum
Located in Hanawalt's Old Seattle Paperworks in Pike Place Market, the idea for the Giant Shoe Museum came about when Danny Eskenazi (the museum's owner) learned his grandfather had once owned a shoe belonging to the world's tallest man, Robert Wadlow. While that particular clodhopper has been lost to time, searching for it uncovered a trove of significantly sized slippers, including another size 37 kick once worn by Wadlow. The Giant Shoe Museum operates like a peep show; drop in a couple of quarters and the exhibit reveals itself for a short amount of time. By the way, if you know the location of that other Wadlow shoe, Eskenazi has a $1,000 bounty out on it.
Seattle Pinball Museum
The noisiest museum you'll ever visit, every machine in the Seattle Pinball Museum is in working condition and playing them is encouraged. Currently housing some 54 games by some of the most notable makers in the business including Bally, Gottlieb and Williams, Seattle Pinball Museum's machines date back to 1934. The selection of games rotates and there is a restoration center on site, which is also open to the public. Patrons pay an admission fee of $10 to enter and play a few, or they can stay as long as they'd like with a $15 all-day pass. All of the games are set up for free play once you're admitted. Placards offer information on each device, such as its date of introduction, production numbers and a synopsis of its historical significance. If you are interested in learning more about things to do in Seattle, we wrote a piece on a few ways to get involved in Seattle.
Washington Banana Museum
A banana cello, banana signs, banana toys; if it has anything at all to do with the curvilinear fruit, you'll find it at the Washington Banana Museum. There's even a children's game called “Good King Banana.” Though it is located in Auburn, Washington (some 28 miles from Seattle), the Banana Museum is so weird it had to be included here. Founded by Ann Mitchell Lovell, whose childhood nickname was (yes, you guessed it) Anna Banana, the online version of the museum hosts close to 6,000 bananas themed artifacts. The physical location, while having fewer items on display, is part of Ann's collectibles shop known as Bananas Antiques. BTW, did you know a banana is 75 percent water? We are not sure if these bananas are edible. That's why they aren't on our “four place you have to eat after moving to Seattle” list.
Dialysis Museum at Northwest Kidney Centers, Seattle
If you've ever wondered about the history of the artificial kidney, you'll find machines and photography dating back to the 1940s, when dialysis machines were initially introduced. In 1960, researchers at the University of Washington developed a Teflon shunt to link blood arteries to veins, which led to the advancement of long-term dialysis, as well as the potential for home dialysis. This procedure made kidney failure an inconvenience rather than a death sentence. The Dialysis Museum was established to showcase a broad collection of dialysis machines, including the world's first home unit. This is but a small sampling of the Emerald City's most unusual museums. Others include Seattle's Museum of Pop Culture (formerly known as the Experience Music Project), Museum of Flight, (which hosts the original Air Force One) and the Unity Museum dedicated to the Baha'i faith. Interested in learning more about the Seattle area? Subscribe to our blog to stay updated on Seattle's secrets.
By Craig Hirshberg
At any given time, up to 15,000 individuals in New Jersey jails are awaiting hearings on their cases.
More than half of them are being held on charges for nonviolent offenses. Many could be released on bail pending trial, but lack the financial resources to pay the arbitrary bail amounts set by the current New Jersey bail schedule. More than 40 percent of those held in county jails are there solely because of their inability to pay bail, and their average stay in jail is almost a year. Suspects who pose no danger to the community are incarcerated for months and even years if they can't afford often small bail amounts. At the same time, the most dangerous suspects can be quickly released because they may have access to financial resources.
This is a shocking failure of the justice system and creates problems far beyond confinement of people who have been charged but not yet convicted of any crime. Their confinement results in stigmatization over something they may be innocent of, it can lead to job loss when employers cannot hold their position open for months at a time; and it causes hardship for their family because of lengthy separation and income loss.
Taxpayers are paying more than $30,000 per year per individual to incarcerate people who have been charged but not convicted of any crime.
However, change is on the horizon. In June, New Jersey took a huge step forward when the Legislature passed, and the Governor signed, the Bail Reform Act. This new law will encourage nonmonetary release options, require arrestees to undergo a risk assessment before their initial bail hearing, and establish pretrial service agencies within each county to monitor and counsel those awaiting trial.
One crucial step remains: amending the New Jersey Constitution to make this possible. The state Constitution requires that judges set bail for all crimes, including murder.
Ballot Question No. 1 asks to change the language in the state Constitution to allow judges discretion in whether to assign bail. Without passage, the newly enacted Bail Reform Act will not be implemented. Currently, individuals charged with violent crimes are assured pretrial freedom as long as as they have the money or connections to meet bail. Poor individuals, often unable to raise even 10 percent of their bail amount, sit for up to a year in jail pending trial on nonviolent charges.
A Yes vote, allowing discretionary use of bail will:
-- Protect communities by allowing judges to deny bail to suspects believed to be dangerous and who pose a threat to public safety.
-- Ensure a fairer and more effective criminal justice process for everyone regardless of wealth.
-- Save millions in tax dollars by reducing the overcrowded jail population.
-- Implement critically needed comprehensive bail reform that will prioritize public safety, encourage fiscal responsibility and protect the rights of suspects, including guaranteed timelines for a speedy trial.
A No vote maintaining the current bail system will:
-- Prevent the bail reform legislation passed by legislators and signed by the governor this summer from taking effect.
-- Continue the devastating effects of mass incarceration on individuals and their families in New Jersey.
-- Allow the release of those deemed to be dangerous but able to post bail back into our communities.
The Rev. Craig Hirshberg is executive director of the Unitarian Universalist Legislative Ministry of New Jersey.
Outgoing Christchurch City Council chief executive Tony Marryatt racked up nearly $9000 on his ratepayer-funded credit card in the last year, including more than $120 on two visits to the bawdy Hooters restaurant in the United States.
Figures released to The Press under the Official Information Act show Marryatt twice visited the restaurant chain in Phoenix, Arizona, famous for its young busty waitresses. He was there on a council managers' conference a year ago.
Cr Tim Carter, who chairs the council's audit and risk committee and often signed off credit card reports from senior staff, said he was "struggling to understand how spending money at a Hooters bar was council business". Mayoral candidate Lianne Dalziel has also called for more transparency on council spending.
SUPPLIED RACK IT UP: Hooters girls in a photo from the website of a Hooters bar in central Phoenix, Arizona, close to the Sheraton Hotel where Christchurch City Council chief executive Tony Marryatt stayed for a conference. His expenses included payments to Hooters.
Hooters is a US chain of restaurants known for its attractive young waitresses in revealing outfits. The name is a play on the company's owl logo and American slang for female breasts.
Carter wanted to know who approved the report that included the Hooters spending. "If I was presented with a set of accounts that included that kind of spending, I would be asking some pretty serious questions about it."
It also prompted Dalziel to sound a warning to council staff on their credit card spending habits, saying she wanted to see all council spending regularly disclosed.
"I want to bring in a culture of openness into everything we do."
Marryatt's procurement (P) card spending figures for the period between September 1 2012 and 2013 showed he spent $8994.37, mostly on taxis and various conferences.
Marryatt, who often travelled to the US on council business, was in Phoenix attending the four-day International City/County Management Association annual conference.
He visited the Phoenix Hooters restaurant twice during the conference, spending $49.69 on October 7 and then $74.60 four days later.
The figures showed he was by far the biggest spender in a group of 10 that included Mayor Bob Parker and senior executives. The group spent a combined $26,667.66 on rates-funded credit cards in the same year.
Other significant spends in the past year included $1300 to attend a Society of Local Government managers conference in September 2012 and a $289.70 bill for a meal at Christchurch restaurant Saggio di Vino with his partner and Parker and his wife, Joanna, on June 12 this year.
A further three transactions were put on his P card after he was put on leave in July this year - three taxi journeys in Wellington that cost a total of $113.20.
Marryatt did not return calls yesterday.
0 Shares
A few things have kept Star Trek on my mind lately: my interview on Point of Inquiry with a Star Trek producer on the atheism and humanism in the Star Trek universe created by Gene Roddenberry, the fact that we have been going through the whole Star Trek: The Next Generation series on DVD at home, and the fact I was immersed in the sci fi geek heaven of Dragon*Con a couple weekends ago, and saw Patrick Stewart, Leonard Nemoy and William Shatner at the event. (I'm aiming to blog about that amazing weekend in the days ahead.)
So imagine my surprise to run across an old interview of Shatner , from way back in 1968 , where he speaks openly about his atheism and lack of belief in an afterlife. If only more pop icons and celebrities would do the same today. When asked a question about whether he has religious beliefs or believes in an afterlife, he says:
"No. I don't. Emotionally I would like to believe there is a life after death. Intellectually . . . . I cannot accept the idea. . . . as for myself, I have finally come to the conclusion that life is here and now . . . and nothing more."
(via the Look At His Butt podcast, wherein two geek babes talk about Star Trek, science fiction, books, TV, the Internet, sex toys, and William Shatner's butt.)
ESPN's Jerry Crasnick reported earlier this week that Justin Masterson, longtime Cleveland Indians right-handed starting pitcher, has drawn the interest of six different teams, three from the American League and three from the National League. The San Francisco Giants, in need of a fifth starter and not doing anything about it until the Pablo Sandoval contract situation is resolved, are included in this posse of six teams, investigating whether or not to try and rope the 29-year-old Masterson into their corral.
Though 2013 did not turn out to be the kind of season with which Masterson would have liked to kick off a serious run at free agency, he nonetheless is banking on his numbers from 2010-2013 to make a more definitive statement, during which time he averaged 199 innings pitched per season.
2014, unfortunately, was a season which combined some adversity, along with a mid-season trade to the St. Louis Cardinals, where Masterson's ERA in six starts ballooned out to 7.03, while he surrendered as many home runs-six-as he had in his first nineteen starts as a member of the Tribe.
Masterson put together his best season in 2013, going 14-10, with a 3.45 ERA in 29 games started, and contributed much to Cleveland's appearance in the Wild Card game under manager Terry Francona. Masterson and AT&T Park might make for an interesting combination. He has spent his entire career in the American League, so a move to San Francisco would not only place him in a pitchers' paradise, it would give him a venue in which he was the new kid on the block.
His strength is that he induces the ground ball, with a 58% ground ball average his past two seasons, which certainly is an attractive feature. His weakness, other than an ERA that has ping-ponged from 4.70 (2010) to 3.20 (2011), back up to 4.90 (2012), and then settling in at 3.45 in 2013, was a problematic right knee, allegedly “in the rear view mirror, now.”
In his player profile on Masterson, October 5th, Zach Links suggests that trying to assess Masterson's market value, after his down season in 2013, is difficult, and that what Masterson will probably do, is sought a one-year deal to reestablish his track record, and then pursue a more lengthy contract at top value at the end of 2015. Link suggests that a one-year contract for 2015 might run somewhere in the 12 million dollar range.
Frankly, there are about three variables too many, to legitimately consider Masterson a fit. For the San Francisco Giants to put Masterson in their sights, they would have to be able to overlook the following uncertainties: unfamiliarity with AT&T Park, not to mention the National League; injuries last season including right knee, a shoulder impingement, and a lingering left oblique issue; inconsistency; and a heavy price tag that would probably be double what it would cost Brian Sabean to sign Ryan Vogelsong.
Brian Sabean has proven that he is willing to spend money for an impact player, and of course, it makes sense to thoroughly investigate all possible solutions to existing shortcomings on the San Francisco Giants' roster, but in this case, it would pay to continue the search.
Justin Masterson is not the answer to the Giants' need for a fifth starter in the rotation.
This post was contributed by a community member.
A 23-year-old Muskego man is facing drug charges after he was caught with marijuana in his backpack while driving through Milwaukee Monday.
Brandon Lee Taylor was charged in Milwaukee County Circuit Court Wednesday with one count of possession of THC, which is the active ingredient in marijuana. If convicted, he faces up to six months in prison and $1,000 in fines.
According to the criminal complaint:
At 2:35 p.m. Monday, Taylor was riding in the back seat of a pickup truck pulled over by Milwaukee police officers in the 4500 block of West Lloyd Street for an expired registration. The driver allowed officers to search the car, where they found a backpack with a baggie containing 22.6 grams of marijuana, three pipes, 100 baggies and a document from the Wisconsin Shares program with Taylor's name on it.
Taylor told officers he purchased the marijuana, which is a strain known as "bubble crack" for $300 and he and the other people in the truck were on their way to a hotel when they were pulled over.
He's currently being held in Milwaukee County Jail on a $100 signature bond while awaiting trial.
The Indiana Prosecuting Attorneys Council Wednesday delivered a firm warning to state lawmakers about marijuana legalization.
Leaders of the council say they'll fight any legislation to legalize marijuana in the state, whether it's for recreational or medical use.
They levied a slew of arguments against legalization – that it functions as a gateway drug for young people, that it leads to increased traffic fatalities, and that a lack of regulation around the industry has created dangerous, unstable markets in states like Colorado.
And Executive Director David Powell says there isn't enough evidence marijuana has a positive impact on any medical needs.
“So if there's research out there that says it's OK to smoke pot and it's healthy, and it's good for you, I'd like to see it. That's real research, and not anecdotal, or an opinion, or a survey of marijuana smokers,” Powell says.
Attorneys were joined at the event by supporters including Mike Ripley of the Indiana Chamber of Commerce, Sheriff Mike Nielsen of Boone County and, by video, Indiana Attorney General Curtis Hill.
Marijuana legalization advocates have pushed in recent weeks for loosened restrictions on medical marijuana. That effort includes the American Legion.
► All-electric Morgan three-wheeler revealed
► Range of 150 miles; 0-62mph in 9.0sec
► Production of the EV3 starts in late 2016
Remember when Morgan pulled the covers off its steampunk-inspired EV3 electric three-wheeler? Morgan has revealed some new details after the production car's initial reveal back at the 2016 Geneva motor show.
Morgan has revealed a new technical partner for the electric three-wheeler's powertrain: Frazer-Nash Energy Systems.
What does that mean for the EV3? Morgan says that the electric drive system ‘will have greater performance with rapid charging technology, proven reliability, a lower centre of gravity and greater acceleration over and above what was previously expected.'
Pricing still isn't known yet, but Morgan confirms that the EV3 will (finally) start production in ‘Q3 of 2018', or in other words autumn. Keep reading for everything else we know so far.
Gimme some performance and range specs!
Underneath the distinctly retro-looking exterior is a 62bhp water-cooled electric motor, which drives the rear wheel only – as per the conventional 3-Wheeler. Power comes from a 21kWh lithium battery pack, which is encased in the Morgan's tubular chassis.
In 2015 Morgan had revealed a prototype of the EV3 but a fair amount has changed for the production version, including restyled bodywork and an EV-specific interior and dash.
Morgan states a range of 120 miles, which should prove more than enough for most. It trails the petrol 3 Wheeler in the straight-line acceleration stakes, though; Morgan says the EV3 takes ‘less than' 9.0sec to accelerate from 0-62mph, whereas the 82bhp, 1983cc V-twin petrol version takes 6.0sec.
You'll be out of luck on the Salt Flats, too, topping out at 90mph – whereas the S&S-powered 3 Wheeler will run on to 115mph. Still, on the plus side, you'd be able to fire up the EV3 at the crack of dawn and sneak out for a quick blat without causing any aural anguish to your neighbours.
Both weigh a similar amount, mind – 500kg for the EV3, 525kg dry for the petrol variant. The EV3, however, is the first Morgan to feature composite carbon panels – the bonnet, side pods and tonneau cover – while the remainder are formed from aluminium and suspended from the same ash frame.
What's going on with the grille?
It's not just for looks – those are solid brass bars up front; they surround the battery and provide cooling. Other exterior changes, compared to the petrol-powered 3-Wheeler, include the distinctive off-centre headlight – which reminds us vaguely of the old P4-generation Rover 75 – and low-slung running lights.
Inside you'll find a digital display in the instrument panel, displaying range and charge, alongside a conventional speedometer. The EV3 gets a neat drive selector switch, reminiscent of an aviation magneto switch, too.
Bet it'll cost me a pretty penny.
You're not wrong. Exact pricing hasn't been announced for the new Morgan EV3, but the company says it will be cost a comparable amount to the regular 3-Wheeler. So, expect to part with around £30k for an EV3 when the car goes into production in autumn 2018.
Pre-Registration is now closed.
At-the-door prices are as follows:
Complete Membership: $75.00
One Day Complete, Friday: $50.00
One Day Complete, Saturday: $60.00
One Day Complete, Thursday or Sunday: $35.00
One Day Memberships are valid until the end of the last event of the day (4:00AM)
Registration Schedule:
Wednesday: 6:00PM - 12:00AM
Thursday: 8:00AM - 12:00AM
Friday: 8:00AM - 12:00AM
Saturday: 8:00AM - 10:00PM
Sunday: 9:00AM - 1:00PM
Note that DEXCON does NOT close down. It runs continuously for 96 hours, from Wednesday at 7:00PM to Sunday at 7:00PM.
For directions to the Morristown Hyatt, click here
Booths in the DEXCON 20 Dealers' Room begin at just $200.00. If you would like information about being a vendor at DEXCON 20, send eMail to this eMail address.
For further information, click here to send eMail.
I always give every FF game a chance but rarely finish one of them as they often lose me at some point in their very long campaigns. I didn't play the original FFXII but I did enjoy this updated version for various reasons. The upgrade system for your squads attritibutes and combat abilities is very flexible and feels rewarding. It reminds me most of the FFX sphere grid but with a bit more options. The combat is different than other FFs as it is not turn based but more of a live action auto attack setup that also relies on you setting up pre determined auto actions for each character called “gambits” and it works surprisingly very well. The story is overall intriguing and good enough to keep you engaged, with a fair amount of beautiful cutscenes and interesting landscapes. My one very major gripe that almost led to me quitting halfway through is the lack of/overall complexity of navigation and direction. It is frustratingly difficult at times to know exactly where you are supposed to be going. The areas are almost all connected to each other which in and of itself is nice but there's no easily accessible overall world map that would show you which direction to head. On top of that there are sometimes not markers on the minimap to give you an inkling of what general area you should be heading, leading to you sometimes wasting minutes and hours roaming into areas you shouldn't be in yet and getting slaughtered by high ranking mobs. There are a handful of teleportation areas but they are too few between and also require you to use up one of your teleport stones to access. I just feel like a couple minor quality of life choices could have made this very good RPG a perfect one, while still allowing the player to enjoy exploration of the vast world created here.
Read more
Veteran actor Dick Israel has died, Vivian Velez told DZMM Teleradyo on Tuesday night.
Veteran actor Dick Israel passed away Tuesday night, actress Vivian Velez said.
Velez, in an interview with DZMM, said Israel's son told her that the actor started vomiting blood before he died inside their house.
Velez said Israel's wife was also brought to the hospital two weeks ago and is now comatose.
In July, a fire hit the Israel's family's house, which destroyed almost everything he had worked for in his long showbiz career.
He also suffered a stroke in 2010 that left half of his body paralyzed and affected his speech.
Velez is part of Damay Kamay, an organization founded by artists to provide assistance to their needy colleagues in the entertainment industry. She also helped Israel and his family relocate to their new residence.
DZMM was able to contact Israel's family, but the actor's kin requested privacy.
The University of Cape Town (UCT) on Thursday condemned as hate speech a t-shirt bearing the message "kill all whites".
As seen at University House, UCT, dinning hall. Class. pic.twitter.com/cKVQe2Wl8L — Dean Macpherson (@DeanMacpherson) February 10, 2016
The UCT management said on their Facebook page they condemned in the strongest terms possible any act or expression of racism or hate speech.
UCT CONDEMNS HATE SPEECH T-SHIRT The University of Cape Town condemns in the strongest terms possible any act or... Posted by University of Cape Town on Wednesday, 10 February 2016
A picture doing the rounds on social media shows a young man, said to be in a UCT residence, wearing the t-shirt.
The university said it was investigating this incident and would take the necessary actions.
"Suspend the student immediately," said Ouma Mpela in reply to the Facebook post.
"I do not care what his issues are; he is not speaking for anyone, especially not for me. Inciting violence should be a punishable offence."
Source: News24
Story highlights Obama signed transportation funding and student loan bill Friday
Congress passed bill last week
Law is rare election-year compromise between Republicans and Democrats
President Barack Obama signed on Friday a transportation funding and student loan bill which passed Congress last week in a rare election-year compromise between Republicans and Democrats.
In an unusual show of bipartisanship, members of both parties were on hand for the White House ceremony, including members of the administration, Congress, and state and local governments.
"This is an outstanding piece of business. And I'm very appreciative of the hard work that Congress has done on it. My hope is that this bipartisan spirit spills over into the next phase," Obama said, encouraging members to pass larger infrastructure measures and "start doing more to reduce the debt burden that our young people are experiencing."
At the ceremony, he specifically recognized House Transportation Committee Chairman John Mica, a Republican from Florida. Standing behind him were Democratic lawmakers and Gov. Martin O'Malley, a Democrat from Maryland.
After the law passed, the top two senators involved in the negotiations -- Barbara Boxer, a California Democrat, and James Inhofe, an Oklahoma Republican -- released a join statement praising the bipartisan work.
"This bill will keep thousands of construction workers on the job rebuilding our nation's infrastructure," Obama said on Friday. "This bill will keep interest rates on federal student loans from doubling this year, which would have hit nearly seven and a half million students with an average of a thousand dollars more on their loan payments."
JUST WATCHED LA mayor spearheads transportation bill Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH LA mayor spearheads transportation bill 05:13
Both the student loan extension and transportation monies, which will fund projects in every state, were high on Obama's list of priorities. He had advocated for their passage in speeches and several of his weekly addresses. The bill also includes a re-authorization of the national flood insurance program.
The bill passed both houses of Congress in late June with a significant margin in a month which stood out for its partisanship in an already heated election year. Earlier that month, Republicans in the House voted to hold the president's attorney general in contempt over the administration's response to a Congressional investigation of the Fast and Furious "gun-walking" program. Democrats called it a political gesture.
START TRANSMISSION
Welcome back, I'm Parker Terrell and this is the PLAIN TRUTH. As always, a quick reminder that this show and our opinions are in no way associated with the advertisements you just heard. We are an independent program, and, as long as I'm in charge, we'll always remain so.
Before the break we were discussing the UEE's monopoly on jump data transfers and what that means for our privacy. Now, our comm-specialist Arlo brought up an interesting point. Arlo, would you mind repeating what you said to me during the break?
Arlo Theodore: Well, you were pointing out that the UEE reads everything sent by spectrum. Which, yeah, is pretty much a no-brainer, since they're the ones that regulate all inter-systems communications.
Nothing scares our government more than the idea of a true and free dissemination of information. Sorry for interrupting, Arlo, go on.
Arlo Theodore: Well that's the thing, since everyone knows that the spectrum is watched, I was saying that when you want to keep something really private you have to use a courier like FTL or something.
And there it is. You got a big secret, you send it by courier. A more and more common practice. But here is a scary thought for all of you to consider. Think about our government's past. Think about the wealth and resources at their disposal. Think about to what lengths they would go to protect that. Doesn't it seem a little naïve to hope that courier transfers are any more secure than comms?
All right, I've been keeping our next guest waiting for long enough. If you've been anywhere near a NewsOrg these last few days you have undoubtedly heard the High-Secretary bragging about the supposed completion of “Phase 10.” Joining us to shed some light on what exactly Phase 10 means for the Synthworld construction project is Ed, a private contractor who has been working on Project Archangel for the past seven years. It is worth mentioning that ‘Ed' is not Ed's real name. We here at Plain Truth want to honor Ed's brave decision to speak out by doing everything in our power to protect his employment and his anonymity.
Ed, can't tell you enough how much I appreciate you being here today.
Ed (distorted voice): Thanks, Parker.
According to the official release, the completion of Phase 10 means, and I'm reading here, “that the atmospheric generators have been properly primed to begin the next step forward in the bold development of the first truly synthetic world,” and then it goes on listing a bunch of congratulations and backslaps. Real informative stuff. If you could enlighten us, Ed, what is Phase 10 really?
Ed: I have no idea. Me and the guys were really scratching our heads when we started seeing the news come in over the feed. I've worked on the thing for seven years and the first I ever heard of Phase 10 was this week.
What phase is the project in, then?
Ed: As far as I know, we don't use phases to track progress. Maybe they do higher up or something. Those atmospheric generators are real enough though, but they've been in place since before I started and I doubt they're going to be switched on anytime soon.
And why is that?
Ed: In the simplest terms, we don't have the gravity for it yet. We start pumping out gas now and you might as well be dumping it directly into space.
Now, I ask this next question because I can proudly say that our audience is almost completely composed of skeptics: what makes you qualified to give such an assessment?
Ed: I mean, don't get me wrong, I'm just a guy on the ground. I'm sure there are a lot of brains on Archangel who'd probably disagree with my point of view, but I do have a degree in planetary engineering and to date I've been a part of four completed terraforming projects.
Don't sell yourself short, Ed. Your perspective is exactly the sort of thing that the UEE needs to be listening to. It really seems that the only thing Project Archangel has been able to produce in its seventy years of existence is government waste and lies.
Ed: Well, that's really why I'm here. I was so excited to be hired on to Archangel. When I was a kid, I used to sit locked in my room for hours playing with the official Synthworld construction set. It's probably why I got into this line of work. My first day there, I couldn't stop grinning. Terraforming is one thing, but to be able to really build a planet, that's a dream come true. Of course, sadly, the reality of what's going on there is anything but.
And that's exactly what the Plain Truth is for, to provide a dose of reality. The question of course is why bother with this Phase 10 ruse in the first place, and the answer is the same as always, money. The budgetary hearings are beginning next month, and it seems like the Senate may be ready to place this whole boondongle on the chopping block. This Phase 10 nonsense is nothing more than a desperate attempt to keep credits flowing into Chronos, where High-Secretary Sharrad can spend it without any oversight. We need the Senate to finally act in the Empire's best interest and end this nightmare once and for all.
Ed: No! That's not what I'm saying at all. Synthworld needs to be saved.
What?
Ed: If we finish this it would be the greatest thing Humanity has ever accomplished. We're building a new world. Isn't that worth the risks?
Haven't we moved beyond risk assessment? We've seen time and time again exactly what completing this world will cost us. Ed, weren't you moments ago pointing out that officials are lying to cover up how off-track the project is?
Ed: The lies and cover-ups are the problems. Not the project. A lot of the issues happening with the Synthworld are because people are too worried about the project being axed. Mistakes are hidden. Failures are swept under the rug. If people really knew what's going on —
Nothing's going on! That's the issue!
Ed: If people really knew what's going on, if we were able to put everything out in the open, then maybe the project could finally get the resources it needs to be finished. The only way to get everyone working together on this is to show them truth.
Damn it, Ed, I'm not sure if I want to shake some sense into you or shake your hand. Either way, let's take another break, and see if I can sort out which one I'm going to do. All of you make sure to stick around for some unexpected debate on the future of Project Archangel. Stay vigilant. The Plain Truth will return.
Hulu and Amazon instant are not as accessible as they could be. This is common understanding among people who use adaptive technology. Disability Rights Advocates, a not for profit law firm, is investigating these complaints to, hopefully, move forward with advocating for better access on these platforms. The below is a PSA that was posted to the audio description email list.
Disability Rights Advocates is investigating complaints from blind individuals who report that the Amazon Video and Hulu websites and mobile applications are not accessible, and from blind individuals who want audio description tracks to be made available on Amazon Video and Hulu. We would greatly appreciate speaking with you if you are blind and you have either confronted access barriers yourself while using Amazon Video or Hulu, or you have chosen not to subscribe to Amazon Video or Hulu because you have heard about access barriers.
To share your experiences, please contact Julia Marks by phone at (510) 665-8644 or by email at jmarks@dralegal.org.
Rebecca Williford
Senior Staff Attorney
Disability Rights Advocates
2001 Center Street, Third Floor
Berkeley, California 94704-1204
510 665 8644 x.123 (Tel)
510 665 8511 (Fax)
Advertisements
VERNON--On a February afternoon with the temperatures hovering near 70 degrees, Britt Klein was in a dark T-shirt and sunglasses as she skied down a wet, slushy slope at Mountain Creek, not liking the spring-like conditions at all.
"It wasn't so bad this morning, but now there are pools of water all over the place," the Lynbrook, N.Y., woman complained.
It was hard to ski, she said. The edges at the base of the slope she had just come down were muddy, soaked by puddles of melted snow. It was slow going in many areas and a grassy patch at one spot presented an obstacle for snowboarders.
On another trail, a kid could be seen on a snowboard in his shorts.
The unexpected early spring has many shedding winter jackets as trees already begin to bud.
But not everyone is happy that Punxsuatawney Phil, who predicted six more weeks of winter on Groundhog Day, got it so wrong this year.
"There are definitely winners and losers," said Scott Bernhardt, president of Planalytics, a Pennsylvania-based research firm that provides weather intelligence for retailers and other businesses.
While winter is not over yet, the month has set records for warm temperatures, and that has affected many who depend on the cold.
At Mountain Creek, nearly all the trails and lifts were open on Thursday, but a day later with continued high temperatures, they were down to 37 out of 45 trails open for skiing, and 5 out of 10 lifts.
Not only could New Jersey's ski season could be cut short this year, heating bills are down, which could affect the bottom line of the state's gas utilities. The guys who plow your driveway have had little work, while there have not been a lot of snow shovels and scrapers sold in recent weeks.
Winter comeback unlikely
And those early buds on the trees? They could spell doom for New Jersey's agricultural industry.
"While it's lovely to have this warm weather, it's a serious problem," said Larry Katz, director of Rutgers Cooperative Extension. "The fruit trees get in trouble if they bloom too early."
Despite the warmer-than-usual weather, frost remains a danger this time of year and the return of the cold can destroy the buds. At the same time, while farmers have ways of keep their trees warm, it's also far too early for the bees to emerge to pollinate them, added Katz.
"It's a little tough to trick the bees to come out of their hives," he said.
If apple and peach trees start to bloom and there are no bees, then there won't be any fruit.
Seed crops like Jersey corn are not in jeopardy. Those fields have not even been planted yet. However, peaches, nectarines and apples--which represent a multi-million-dollar harvest--are all at risk.
"It's a serious economic problem," he said.
Utility officials said it is too soon to predict the financial impact on rates, but acknowledged they are selling less natural gas. At Public Service Electric & Gas Co., the largest utility in the state which supplies gas to 1.8 million customers, the 2016-17 heating season has been about 16 percent warmer than normal.
Spokeswoman Karen Johnson said she could not comment on any revenue impacts since the utility is still in the middle of its first quarter earnings cycle, but noted that PSE&G has a "weather normalization clause" that makes adjustments for temperatures that are either colder or warmer than usual.
"So well after the winter, we will make a filing with the Board of Public Utilities based on actual results," she said. "Customers still save on the avoided cost of fuel if weather is warmer than normal."
Elizabethtown Gas, which serves 279,000 customers in Union, Middlesex, Sussex, Warren, Hunterdon, Morris and Mercer counties, said temperatures this month alone are expected to be approximately 19 percent warmer than in January.
"A residential heating customer used about 24 fewer therms of natural gas in February compared to January," said spokesman Duane Bourne, noting the average residential customer will spend approximately $18 less on their monthly bills this February compared to January.
Warmer weather a boon for some
The warmer-than-normal weather in the Northeast, meanwhile, is not bad news for everyone. Retailers set their floors for the spring season at the beginning of February, and mild weather brings out the shoppers.
"They want you to be thinking spring," Bernardt said.
Home improvement stores like Home Depot and Lowes also benefit, he said. While they may not be selling shovels and ice melt, Bernhardt noted an early spring brings out the DIY crowd, as homeowners turn to fixing up their yards and embark on other improvement projects they have put off all winter.
It is also good for sporting good stores, he added, with more people heading outdoors to play.
Still, there are those trying to stretch out the winter as best they can.
The outdoor skating rink at Edison's Roosevelt Park remains open and "business is booming," according to Tracie Reed of the Middlesex County Department of Parks and Recreation.
"We have compressors that are strong enough to keep the ice. In temperatures like today it may get a bit watery, but it settles in the evening when the sun goes down," she said.
At Mountain Creek, despite the conditions, the resort was continuing to attract many skiers seeking to hold onto the winter for just a while longer.
And just over the border in Pennsylvania, a spokesman at Shawnee Mountain ski resort in East Stroudsburg reported that they were still "hanging in," despite the warm temperatures.
"This holiday week has been strong, business-wise," said Jim Tust. "Lots of families, beginners taking lessons and snow tubers enjoying the spring-like snow conditions."
Tust said Shawnee hopes to continue to make snow as temperatures permit into early March.
"We plan on being open daily through at least March 19, and longer if weather, and skier demand cooperate," he said.
Ted Sherman may be reached at tsherman@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @TedShermanSL. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
John McAfee on Wednesday challenged JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon's skepticism of bitcoin.
Dimon on Tuesday called bitcoin a "fraud" that will eventually blow up. McAfee, whose company MGT Capital Investments mines the cryptocurrency, said he respects Dimon and people in his position "are not idiots," but he challenged Dimon's criticism.
"You called bitcoin a fraud," McAfee told CNBC's "Fast Money" on Wednesday. "I'm a bitcoin miner. We create bitcoins. It costs over $1,000 per coin to create a bitcoin. What does it cost to create a U.S. dollar? Which one is the fraud? Because it costs whatever the paper costs, but it costs me and other miners over $1,000 per coin. It's called proof of work."
Miners invest "massive" amounts of supercomputing power and electricity in creating bitcoins, McAfee said. Surely then, there is value in creating a bitcoin, he added.
Bitcoin has faced scrutiny because it is highly volatile. The cryptocurrency was last trading Wednesday evening at more than $3,870.
"And the fact that bitcoin is consistently growing in its use and its value has to say something," McAfee said. "Sure it will rise and fall as all new technologies are. But at the same time, it is certainly not a fraud."
McAfee made a lewd bet on Twitter earlier this summer that bitcoin would reach $500,000 within three years. On Wednesday, he said people called bitcoin a bubble that was bursting at one point, and then it smashed their expectations. Plus, the long-term trend of bitcoin has been consistently up, McAfee added.
McAfee is known for his pioneering McAfee Security antivirus software products, now part of Intel, as well as his extreme comments to the media and run-ins with the law. In July, McAfee settled a lawsuit with Intel over his right to use his name on other products. He agreed not to use his name, trademark his name or use certain phrases including his name.
Japan's largest coral reef is under severe stress, according to a recent survey conducted by the country's Environment Ministry. More than 90 percent of the corals in Sekiseishoko reef, located in the Ryukyu Islands near Okinawa, were discovered to be at least partially bleached when surveyed in November and December. About 70 percent of the reef's living corals were found to have died.
Rising ocean temperatures have been pinpointed as the main culprit for the reef's decline: Water temperatures in the region were 1 to 2 degrees Celsius higher than normal last summer.
Experts say the current bleaching event is the worst the reef has experienced in recorded history.
Kyodo News/Getty Images Sekiseishoko, Japan's largest coral reef, is experiencing the worst bleaching event on record, experts say. Almost all of the reef's corals are at least partially bleached.
James Reimer, a professor and coral specialist at the University of the Ryukyus in Okinawa, said the survey findings were “very alarming.”
“The reef experienced harsh bleaching in 1998 (around 35 percent death), and then some more in 2007 (about 30 percent), but was generally seen as recovering to some degree from these events,” he told The Huffington Post via email on Tuesday. “This recent round looks to be approximately twice as bad, and a lot of the recovery from 1998 and 2007 has been lost. This bleaching is certainly much worse than past events, which themselves are not seen as ‘natural' but as a product of climate change.”
Kyodo News/Getty Images This photo shows bleached corals in Sekiseishoko reef on Sept. 12, 2016. A survey conducted that month by the Environment Ministry found that more than 56 percent of the reef's corals had died. That number has since increased to about 70 percent.
Bleaching is a sign of coral stress and can be triggered by increases in water temperature. While bleached corals are not dead and can recover if stressors are removed, they are more susceptible to mortality and injury.
When asked whether the Sekiseishoko reef could recover from this current bleaching event, Reimer said it could bounce back “if given time.”
“If the region can get lucky and avoid bleaching for 10 years or so you would see some good recovery,” he said. Or at least a “return to higher percentages of coral cover.”
However, given the current rate of global warming, Reimer warned that the outlook for the reef is “not great.”
Mark Eakin, coordinator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's Coral Reef Watch, concurred.
“To grow back, even the fastest growing corals will take one to two decades,” he said in an email this week. “The larger, old massive corals take hundreds of years to grow back. In contrast, we have now had three severe bleaching events causing mass coral mortality in the Ryukyu Islands since 1998. With the oceans warming as rapidly as they are, I doubt there will be time for them to recover before the next bleaching event.”
Kyodo News/Getty Images This Sept. 12, 2016 photo, captured from a drone, shows Japan's largest coral reef, Sekiseishoko, between Ishigaki and Iriomote islands in the southernmost prefecture of Okinawa.
The world is currently in the midst of a prolonged mass bleaching event that's impacted every major reef region in the world, including Australia's Great Barrier Reef which experienced its worst bleaching on record last year. With its beginnings stretching back to 2014, it's the longest and most widespread coral bleaching event in recorded history.
Scientists say the bleaching event is anticipated to continue through 2017, posing a severe threat to already-stressed coral reefs.
“The 2015-2016 event has shocked many coral reef scientists, with lots of locations being bleached two years in a row,” Nick Graham, a marine ecologist from Lancaster University, told Climate Change News in November. “If this extends into 2017 for some locations, this really is uncharted territory. We know very little about how the reefs will respond to such repetitive thermal stress.”
Kyodo News/Getty Images Another drone shot of Sekiseishoko, captured on September 12, 2016.
Coral reefs are “some of the most diverse and valuable ecosystems on Earth,” according to NOAA. Reefs are critical to the wellbeing of other marine life, and they protect miles and miles of coastline from storm surge.
Reefs are also important sources of new medicines for humans. “Many drugs are now being developed from coral reef animals and plants as possible cures for cancer, arthritis, human bacterial infections, viruses and other diseases,” NOAA said.
Coral reefs additionally provide economic and environmental services to millions of people through industries like fishing and tourism. In the U.S., the commercial value of U.S. fisheries from reefs is reportedly over $100 million.
The Sekiseishoko reef is similarly important to the people of Japan.
“This is the largest reef area in Japan, and incredibly important to local fisherman and tourist operators,” said Reimer. “Damage on this scale will have long-term economic and social repercussions.”
______
Bear spotted this morning in Old Orchard. Use caution and keep pets inside. pic.twitter.com/SOXNszdT5l — DoylestownBorough (@DoylestownBoro) June 1, 2017
Officials are warning the public of a bear that has been seen wandering in residential areas in Bucks County.Antiques dealer Ed Crimi was at work early Thursday morning at his property on Route 202 in Buckingham when he had a face-to-face confrontation with a bear. He thought it was his dog, Chewy, was sniffing at the door."And then I reached out to touch my dog and that's where the bear was. So I jumped back and hit him. I punched the bear in the nose, moved back in, closed the door and banged on the door," Crimi said.The bear ran away and climbed up a tree. Crimi's employees showed Action News the fresh claw marks he left behind as he scratched the bark.They're feeling a little nervous."Today we have been looking around any tree, we watch all the way to the top," employee Memo Deleon said.Another employee, Ruben Taiboi said, "Scary because just never happened here before. It's the first time."When asked if he wanted to meet the bear face-to-face? Taiboi said, "Oh no, no."Crimi snapped pictures of the bear as it sat up in his tree. Buckingham's police chief tells Action News that's the second time the bear has been sighted."Wednesday night at about 9:30 p.m., residents saw a bear in the rear of Holicong Middle School. Our officers responded, were able to locate that bear," Police Chief Mike Gallagher of Buckingham Township said.Doylestown Borough released a picture of a bear taken in the Old Orchard development, perhaps the same one making its way through Buckingham.The bear may have been attracted to Ed Crimi's property because of all the animal statues. He might've thought he was out in the wild. The bear moved on, but Crimi is still thinking about his close encounter"I think we both scared each other," he said.Police say if you see a bear do not approach it. Call them and get somewhere safe.Meanwhile, authorities are also notifying residents of black bear sightings in West Amwell Township, New Jersey.Police say there were two bear sightings Thursday in the area of State Highway 179 between Cedar Crest and Gulick.----------
President Barack Obama turned heads just days before Christmas when he announced that he is "seriously" considering following the recommendations set forth by an advisory panel, which he appointed, that suggested a major overhaul to the NSA's wholesale collection of telephone metadata.
The Obama administration has been under intense scrutiny over revelations, contained in documents leaked by NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden, regarding the depth and breadth of the agency's collection of telephone and other data. In a move to quell the uproar, Obama appointed a committee to review the matter. Among other things, it issued a host of recommendations that include major revisions to the phone-snooping program.
But a WIRED examination of a key suggestion from the "President's Review Group on Intelligence and Communications Technologies" finds those revisions will do little to improve the protection of American's calling history. In fact, it may well make the data more vulnerable to government inspection by potentially mandating that Americans' phone call records be stored for longer periods of time than many telecoms currently archive them. And there likely would be few, if any, legal barriers to law enforcement officials, from the FBI to your local police department, to clear before obtaining that data.
As it stands, the telecommunication companies have, since at least 2006, funneled all phone call metadata to the NSA under secret orders from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court. (Metadata includes an account holder's records of calls received and made, any calling card numbers used in a call, the time and duration of the call and other information.) This hoovering does not require probable cause warrants that outline how and why authorities believe anyone associated with the data has committed a crime. No laws govern how the NSA may access the data — believed to hold some 1 trillion records — though the spy agency maintains it has settled on a so-called standard of "reasonable articulable suspicion" in hopes of finding the terrorist needle in a haystack.
While the NSA argues collecting and reviewing this data is vital to national security, Obama concedes more must be done to ensure some measure of privacy.
"The question we're going to have to ask, can we accomplish the same goals this program is intended to accomplish in ways that give the public more confidence that the NSA is doing what it is supposed to be doing?" Obama said Dec. 20 before heading to Hawaii for a 17-day vacation.
Under the presidential panel's recommendation, the telcos or an unnamed third party would store the metadata instead of the government having direct access to it. The proposal allows the government to continue querying the data, which the NSA currently holds for five years. A newly proposed legal standard would require "reasonable grounds" to believe the information sought is relevant to an investigation intended to protect "against international terrorism or clandestine intelligence activities." The FISA court would have to approve every request.
According to the panel, which includes former U.S. counter-terrorism czar Richard A. Clarke:
In our view, the current storage by the government of bulk metadata creates potential risks to public trust, personal privacy, and civil liberty. We recognize that the government might need access to such metadata, which should be held instead either by private providers or by a private third party. This approach would allow the government access to the relevant information when such access is justified, and thus protect national security without unnecessarily threatening privacy and liberty. (.pdf)
In reality, however, "privacy and liberty" remain threatened.
Notwithstanding that the FISA Court is for all intents an NSA rubberstamp that has allowed the metadata program to run in secret for seven years, the review group's proposal could grant law enforcement at any level a far larger trove of phone metadata to access. What's more, they would not need probable cause warrants to target anyone's phone metadata.
Right now, the phone companies store phone metadata for varying times. Verizon and U.S Cellular store it for about a year; Sprint for 18 months. At the other end of the spectrum, T-Mobile maintains it for seven to 10 years, and AT&T for five, according to a congressional inquiry. While Obama's review group's recommendation was short on details, everybody familiar with the plan agrees it would require telcos to store metadata for some minimum amount of time, presumably for longer than many of them already do. That means the authorities would have access to this data for far longer than they otherwise might.
According to the congressional inquiry led by Sen. Edward Markey (D-Massachusetts), eight carriers reported receiving more than 1 million requests for personal mobile phone data by law enforcement in 2013, and they and racked up millions of dollars in processing fees along the way. Not all of those requests were for phone metadata, however. There were requests for cell-site location data, web browsing habits, text message content, and voicemail, among other things. The telecoms did not break down the number of requests they received for each category.
To be sure, phone companies regularly provide law enforcement with customer calling history, usually under a subpoena. Such documentation, signed by a law enforcement agent, promises the data is relevant to an ongoing investigation. That standard is based on a 1979 Supreme Court precedent, which upheld the conviction of a Baltimore purse snatcher who unsuccessfully challenged the local phone company's decision to release his call records to the police even though the authorities did not have a probable-cause warrant. The records showed that the defendant, Michael Smith, had been calling his victim after he mugged her. (A more detailed look at that precedent can be found here.)
To give Americans a modicum of privacy, Congress must quarantine away from law enforcement officials the data the telcos would be compelled to store and only grant access to the NSA upon approval of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court's approval. The NSA said it queried its vast database just 300 times last year.
"If there is this retention, you would need to make sure there are no loopholes that would undermine the entire purpose of the change," said Brett Kaufman, a National Security Project fellow with the American Civil Liberties Union.
If past is prologue, we already know the outcome.
A campaign video of Republican Marsha Blackburn, running to replace Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker, has been pulled by Twitter due to a provocatively factual statement regarding Planned Parenthood's side business of selling baby organs. It's not the first time the social media giant has run interference for the abortion industry.
In the ad, Blackburn claims, “I fought Planned Parenthood and we stopped the sale of baby body parts. Thank God.” Fact check: True. A Twitter representative informed the campaign that this was “deemed an inflammatory statement that is likely to evoke a strong negative reaction.” Well, yeah. One hopes the sale of human body parts, which despite the histrionics from liberals after The Center for Medical Progress exposed Planned Parenthood, should arouse some strong negative — and positive — reactions.
Yet, setting aside the veracity of the claim or the debate itself, if this is the standard Twitter now uses to inject itself into campaigns, it will find itself banning almost every group from promoting political and ideological content, including every Planned Parenthood and NARAL promotion. In fact, you might as well shut down the entire platform. Unless, that is, Twitter has a political motive or ideological disposition that makes it find only certain positions inflammatory.
Most people who have been bombarded with Twitter accounts featuring swastikas and hammer-and-sickles over the past year-and-a-half are likely to find it extraordinary that an ad offering a traditional critique of the abortion industry should be especially incendiary to a sales team. Twitter is, after all, the platform on which liberals regularly accuse Republicans of the premeditated murder of children through the nefarious block-granting of Medicaid funds. Abortion is just one of the many debates that provoke strong negative reactions.
It's not just the promotions; users buying those ads have been subjected to lopsided ideological tests on their personal accounts. When the pro-life group Live Action attempted to promote its own ads, Twitter claimed that the founder of the group was violating Twitter's “hate, sensitive topics and violence” advertisement policy. Live Action could only be allowed to promote their group, according to the Twitter's sales team, if the founder agreed to “remove current and past sensitive content from your website and Twitter feed.” This was puzzling, as Live Action founder Lila Rose was campaigning against violence.
Sure, pro-life groups were free to promote their content on Twitter, as long as they didn't show pictures of ultrasounds — inflammatory? — or talk about Planned Parenthood in ways that upset Planned Parenthood. One of the offending tweets by Rose read: “Let's set the record straight: @PPact is about abortion, not women's health care. We can fund more worthy clinics instead. #DefundPP”
.@Twitter shut down our video ad, claiming it's “inflammatory” & “negative.” Join me in standing up to Silicon Valley → RETWEET our message! pic.twitter.com/K3w4AMgW6i — Marsha Blackburn (@VoteMarsha) October 9, 2017
Planned Parenthood was free to promote ads calling their adversaries extremists.
On the political front, this latest intrusion into politics will surely backfire. In truth, Twitter just gifted Blackburn an in-kind donation, helping not only bring attention to her campaign but to one of the animating issues of the conservative activist. “Join me in standing up to Silicon Valley,” says Blackburn.
Over the long term, this kind of meddling in political discourse only erodes the trust consumers have in the platform — on both sides. There will undoubtedly be increased pressure on Twitter to balance out these restrictive impositions on political ads. If they don't, half their users will turn on them. If they do, all their users will turn on them. Perhaps they could start by limiting the number of liberal activists they hire.
Worse, people will again start demanding that Washington institute “fairness” regulations or treat giant tech companies as utilities. This is dangerous for free speech. But if Twitter and Facebook act as if they are unable to properly deal with accounts that engage in harassment and (genuine) extremism, yet have the time to ideologically curate promotions, these companies are essentially admitting they care about one but not the other.
DJ's are some weird people. They do weird things. They come up with weird tracks. Most importantly, they come up with the weirdest riders. Future Music Festival has decided to share what they consider to be their top 10 rider requests. Now for those who don't know, a rider is what an artist requires when he/she/they perform. Such requests are a dressing room with air conditioning, water, towels, alcohol, etc. These riders are just weird. Unfortunately, Future Music Festival doesn't say specifically who asked for what. To possibly justify these requests, from what I've learned from some artists, is that they want to make sure the promoter is on top of what they ask for, so they ask for something complicated. Either way, this goes next level.
A particular duo has requested for a bisexual goldfish, of all things. We're not exactly sure why, but maybe it just has more flair than a regular goldfish. Fortunately, even while touring, these guys still care about the environment. So much so that they have requested for two large trash cans, a recycling bin and reusable plates to use. A well-known American DJ had asked for a framed picture of himself to be placed in his dressing room. There's no reason to not love yourself when you're that famous. This DJ has always been one of the biggest trolls in the industry. Be careful, because his rider list includes the promoter's girlfriend's phone number, a replica of Indiana Jones's whip and a piñata full of candy! This next one may be kind of cute. This DJ's request for heart-shaped balloons seems pretty harmless but what's next on the list? Waitress outfits! Some people travel with their pets but this artist likes to travel exotically by having a parrot that's trained to say his name. We are all for riding in style and making a grand entrance. This world-famous DJ prefers his ride to be either a Bugatti Veyron or a Porsche Spyder. Classy indeed. Having all the furniture removed and replacing them with your own may be overdoing it, but what's more comfortable than having your own stuff with you? One of the more elegant things to be requested is to have a professional violinist play while this artist eats his cheese plate. Lastly, an infamous moombahton and dancehall DJ requested for a bonfire pit in his dressing room to add more sizzle while on tour!
Those are the crazy rider requests to make this festival be as awesome as it is. Whether or not Future Music Festival honors these rider requests is still to be determined, but some of these don't seem that bad; odd, but not that bad. My biggest question is who wants what?
Source.
About Grant Austin The Embarrassing Rowdy Gentlemen who befriend the worthy. I love going to shows. I love all music. I love having a good time. You can always find me at a bar or club. My drink of choice: Double Maker's Mark on the rocks. Feel free to follow me on Twitter: @ByTheWavs
Leave a Reply
US consumers keep on purchasing Kindles on credit cards which they apparently have no intention of every paying off. The most recent Fitch report disclosed that October delinquencies have continued their steady climb, and together with charge-offs, are at near record highs: "Consumer credit quality remains under significant strain as a result of the persistent weakness in the labor markets," noted managing director Michael Dean. The Labor Department will report unemployment data Friday; the jobless rate is expected to hold steady at 10.2%, the highest level in decades, while the decline in payrolls is seen mitigating from the previous month.
Dow Jones reports:
All types of consumer lending have worsened the past several years, with borrowers falling increasingly behind and lenders writing off many billions of dollars of owed loans. Fitch's credit-card performance indexes show late payments rising to their highest levels in five months and indicate higher charge-offs in the months to come. Fitch's index on delinquencies of at least 60 days rose to 4.41% from 4.22% in September. Late-stage delinquencies are now 31% higher than year-earlier levels and just below the record high of 4.45% in June. Delinquencies of at least 30 days rose as well.
As Zero Hedge pointed out, and as Meredith Whitney has voiced her concernes about, the biggest threat to the economic going into 2010 may be that not only are banks dropping reducing overall credit availability, but that ongoing credit contraction to the tune of almost $2 trillion over the next several years will mean existing credit limits are tapped out as existing ones become increasingly maxed out.
This will likely further entrench the consumer into an accelerated deleveraging mindset, and no matter what the incremental liquidity from the Fed is, the deflationary pressures will likely continue. Which means that markets will continue in full melt-up mode to compensate for real economic losses, which benefit exlusively the top percentile of the US population as the middle and lower classes continue experiencing the brunt of the credit contraction. At some point the economic reality is sure to catch up with the market surreality. That will be the point when all the flawed market policies by the Administration and Bernanke become exposed for the clothesless emperors they are.
The organization has a good pedigree. It's headed up by Frank Cifaldi, well-known for running Lost Levels (the site about unreleased video games) and his journalism work with Gamasutra. This is someone who knows about the culture surrounding games, including those titles that didn't hit it big or never came to be. He's joined by game and tech industry vets, including former Googler and game archivist Steve Lin, Game Developers Conference leader Simon Carless, #IDARB developer Mike Mika and Smithsonian video game exhibit creator Chris Melissinos.
The Foundation wants your help to flourish: it's asking for donations both through its own website and through a Patreon campaign. Contribute enough per month and you'll have the chance to influence its direction. While there's no guarantee that this will become the definitive archive for video game culture, there are enough ingredients here to give it a healthy start.
Image copyright Nick Ansell/PA Image caption The old £10 note is soon to go the way of the old pound coin
If you still have any old £10 notes, make sure you spend them before 1 March next year.
The Bank of England has announced that the old paper notes, featuring naturalist Charles Darwin, will no longer be legal tender after that date.
Its days have been numbered since the new polymer tenner, depicting author Jane Austen, entered circulation in September.
But the old note can still be exchanged by the Bank after the cut-off date.
Threadneedle Street says polymer, also now used for the £5 note featuring Winston Churchill, is more durable and cleaner than paper notes.
Security features of Jane Austen £10 note:
A see-through window featuring the Queen's portrait Winchester Cathedral shown in gold foil on the front of the note and silver on the back A quill at the side of the window which changes from purple to orange A hologram which contains the word "Ten" and changes to "Pounds" when the note is tilted A hologram of the coronation crown which appears 3D and multi-coloured when the note is tilted Micro-lettering beneath the Queen's portrait with tiny letters and numbers that are visible under a microscope A book-shaped copper foil patch which contains the letters JA The words "Bank of England" printed in intaglio (raised ink) along the top of the note
It has persevered with the material despite complaints from religious and vegan groups that the animal fat tallow is used in the production process.
Following consultation, the Bank said in August that it would continue with the use of tallow in future banknotes - saying it "has not taken this decision lightly".
The Bank assessed whether palm oil or coconut oil should be used instead, but concluded that this might not be able to be sourced sustainably. Changing production would also involve considerable extra costs to taxpayers.
The old £10 notes have been in circulation since November 2000, but lost out to the new ones on grounds of security as well as durability.
The Jane Austen notes have a number of features built in that make them particularly hard to forge.
They also have an inscription in raised dots that helps blind and partially-sighted users to identify them.
The end of the old paper tenner follows the official withdrawal last month of the old round £1 coin, which has now been wholly replaced by the new 12-sided version.
Share this...
Yesterday at Twitter here meteorologist Joe Bastardi, a well-known climate science antagonist, directed our attention to the NCEP temperature situation for South America. Yikes!
The massive scale of the cold is of Amazonian proportions, with temperatures well below normal across the entire continent. Bastardi even called the cold “spectacular”.
Recently snow was reported to have fallen in Santiago, Chile. According to the Washington Post here, “heavy, wet snow weighed down tree branches, which snapped power lines. Up to 350,000 homes lost power“. In some places 40 cm of snow blanketed the ground. The AP also reported
Chile's Meteorological Office said it was the biggest snowfall in the capital in 46 years.”
For Santiago, it was the first snowfall the city had seen since 2011. What follows is the 7-day forecast anomaly for the Latin American continent. Cold is forecast to remain:
Chart cropped here.
Things in the Arctic, at the opposite hemisphere, are not improving. Paul Homewood here writes DMI June sea ice data shows “a steady recovery in extent since the low in 2010” and that sea ice extent is where it was 11 years ago.
Climate alarmism's “canary in the coal mine” Greenland also is behaving opposite of what global warming scientists predicted. It's surface ice mass budget has been hovering at near record high levels.
Source: www.dmi.dk/surface-mass-budget/
Honda Aims To Save Drive-In Theaters With Project Drive-In By Kelly West Random Article Blend
Via
The
Putting aside the make and models of the cars parked in front of the giant screen, and obviously the movies playing, my own personal experience at the drive-in last summer felt like something out of a different time period. Kids ran around, playing and enjoying the summer weather, while their parents and others sat in their cars or on lawn chairs outside and enjoyed the movie. The cost of admission was a steal and the price for snacks was beyond reasonable, especially by comparison to what the
If it's a film that works best with surround sound and total focus, I'd go to my local cineplex, as the ambiance of the drive-in can be a bit distracting from a viewing perspective, but for a relaxing movie-focused evening during the summer weather, the drive-in is a great option and one I think every movie-lover should try at least once. So, in my experience, the drive-in theater really has made time stand still in some respects. But of course, technology has not stood still, and it looks like that's putting these businesses in jeopardy. Hopefully Honda's efforts prove fruitful for at least a few of these theaters, if not more.
Variety notes that voting is underway, with the project set to wrap up on September 9, after which the five winning theaters will each host a special screening of Cloudy 2 and complimentary refreshments at select Honda dealerships around the country. While there may be a shortage of
Visit It's no secret that Drive-in theaters have been on the endangered species list of business establishments over the last few years. There were once thousands of drive-in movie theaters around the United States, and now there are less than four-hundred, and there may be even fewer once studios stop distributing 35mm film prints. Theaters that are unable to convert to digital projection will be forced to shut down. But all hope is not lost as a movement has started called "Project Drive-In," which aims to save as many drive-in theaters as possible by supplying them with new projectors.Via Variety , Project Drive-In is sponsored by Honda and is looking to preserve the iconic part of American car culture that is the drive-in theater. Watch the video below to learn a bit more about how drive-in theaters are being affected by digital conversion and what you can do to help your local drive-in theater - assuming you have one - get a new projector:The Project Drive-in website says the upgrade to digital projection can cost upwards of $80,000, which might be somewhat affordable for a chain theater but is surely a hefty price to pay for a privately owned establishment. I went to the drive-in theater for the first time last summer. I think it only cost something like $7 (for an adult ticket) to see three movies. Assuming that's about the average going rate for a drive-in ticket, $80,000 really does seem like a fortune for one theater to pay.Putting aside the make and models of the cars parked in front of the giant screen, and obviously the movies playing, my own personal experience at the drive-in last summer felt like something out of a different time period. Kids ran around, playing and enjoying the summer weather, while their parents and others sat in their cars or on lawn chairs outside and enjoyed the movie. The cost of admission was a steal and the price for snacks was beyond reasonable, especially by comparison to what the theaters are charging these days.If it's a film that works best with surround sound and total focus, I'd go to my local cineplex, as the ambiance of the drive-in can be a bit distracting from a viewing perspective, but for a relaxing movie-focused evening during the summer weather, the drive-in is a great option and one I think every movie-lover should try at least once. So, in my experience, the drive-in theater really has made time stand still in some respects. But of course, technology has not stood still, and it looks like that's putting these businesses in jeopardy. Hopefully Honda's efforts prove fruitful for at least a few of these theaters, if not more.Variety notes that voting is underway, with the project set to wrap up on September 9, after which the five winning theaters will each host a special screening of Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2 , which is due out September 27. Honda's also going to try to raise awareness for Project Drive-In by hosting a "Pop-Up Drive-In Tour," which will offer free screenings ofand complimentary refreshments at select Honda dealerships around the country. While there may be a shortage of Drive-Ins these days, there's less of a shortage of Honda dealerships, so this may be an opportunity for people to experience a Drive-In screening if they haven't had the opportunity to do it.Visit ProjectDriveIn.com for more info. Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
Angry locals are protesting about a Bosnian town built by Middle Eastern investors which has Arabic as its 'official' language - and where locals can only enter if they work as servants.
The 160 homes have been constructed in a luxury enclave near Tarcin, five miles west of the Bosnian capital Sarajevo.
But furious locals say that their only way of accessing the area is through being hired as servants or cleaners - and claim most of the homes contain the wives of wealthy businessmen.
Scroll down for video
Most of the homes have been sold to wealthy sheikhs from Kuwait
The houses - marketed only in Kuwait - are being sold for 150,000 euros (£133,000).
Adverts for the estate call Bosnia a Muslim country 'gifted with beautiful nature by Allah.'
Bosnia-Herzegovina was racked by a sectarian civil war 20 years ago when the Muslim Bosnians - who converted to Islam during the rule of the Ottoman Empire - clashed with ethnic Serbs and ethnic Croats.
Nearly 60,000 people died, including 8,000 Muslim Bosniaks slaughtered by the Serbs at Srebrenica.
The idyllic community has been built by Middle East investors around an artificial lake
The complex is surrounded by heavy security, gates and high walls.
It was also reported that some women stay there all year round with their children, while their husbands are only occasional visitors.
One estate worker told local media: 'The owners do not want to mix with the local population.
'They have their own traditions when it comes to clothing, behaviour and prayer, and do not want people staring at them.'
The community has its own mosque and the residents do not mix with local Bosnians
Now developers are reportedly planning to double the size of the private village.
Local media have complained to regional officials that it is unlawful for a foreign power to be able to buy up parts of the country and ban locals from entering it.
Some locals have begun a protest campaign with leaflets featuring women in burkas with the message: 'Go Away.'
One local pharmacist agreed: 'We are Muslim, but we are praying at home and in mosques, and we are a secular state. They are different from us.'
Locals say many of the women live in the community all year round with their children while their husbands visit only occasionally
The community near Tarcin is in a beautiful spot although it gets very cold in winter
The news of the Arabic village follows on from revelations last year that ISIS militants had established a stronghold in a picturesque village, Osve, where everyone is 'ready to respond to the summons to jihad.'
Militant Islam was all but unknown to Bosnia's mostly secular Muslim population until the Balkans wars in the 1990s when Arab mercenaries turned up to help the outgunned Bosnian Muslims fend off Serb attacks.
14 Galleries: Newark Mayor Booker saves neighbor from fire
NEWARK — Hold the accolades. The superhero mayor was more of a concerned bystander this time.
When a pedestrian was struck by a moving vehicle in Newark earlier today, Mayor Cory Booker tweeted that he was among a group of people who "got man stabilized & into ambulance. He'll b OK. Thanx 2 all who helped"
Law enforcement officials said later it was Michael Davidson, a 19-year veteran of the Essex County Prosecutor's office who was first on the scene, and performed much of the heroism.
"The detective immediately called 911 and began to render assistance," said Katherine Carter, a spokeswoman for the prosecutor's office. "He saw the victim was face down on the ground. He was bleeding from his mouth and nose. Det. Davidson got some tissues from his trunk and began to wipe away the blood."
The victim tried to get up but Davidson counseled him to be still, pouring water over his wounds and getting ice from someone nearby.
"Within minutes the Mayor showed up, followed by an ambulance and Newark PD," Carter said when queried about the incident.
Booker said the driver did the right thing by staying at the scene.
Related coverage:
• Newark Mayor Cory Booker comes to aid of man hit by car
• Cory Booker recounts risking his life in dramatic fire rescue of Newark neighbor
• Editorial: Cory Booker deserves praise for heroic fire rescue
Dubai: Dubai Electricity and Water Authority (Dewa) is making progress in pushing its plans to complete 100 electric vehicles charging stations by the end of this year.
In a bid to boost the use of energy resources and reduce Dubai's carbon footprint, Dewa announced that it is working on completing the infrastructure to build a further 84 stations by the end of this year.
Dewa has already completed its first phase and built 16 green charging stations for public use.
The new charging stations will be of three types that are compatible with the latest international technologies used in electric vehicles and will be launched on main highways, government buildings, malls, airports, parks, and hotspots like Jumeirah Beach Residences, and major developments, among others. Those charging stations exposed to the sun will be solar-powered for a carbon-neutral option, meaning no greenhouse gases will be emitted into the atmosphere.
The Green Charger initiative is said to contribute to introducing electric vehicles in Dubai and making them a choice among residents, while also supporting the long-term Green Economy for Sustainable Development and Smart City initiatives.
“Our objective in the transition to become the smartest city in the world is to achieve the happiness of society and provide instant and seamless smart services any time, anywhere. Dubai has all the elements to reach top positions globally and has become a leading global hub for sustainability, competitiveness, and green economy,” said Saeed Mohammad Al Tayer, Managing Director and CEO of Dewa.
Twelve stations have been installed at Dewa's centres, which can charge 24 vehicles simultaneously. Each station can accommodate two vehicles at a time. These stations are at Dewa's head office, the Sustainable Building, Al Wasl, Al Hudaiba, Burj Nahar, Umm Ramool, and Jebel Ali and are ready to use.
Another station has been installed in Dubai Silicon Oasis and one more will be installed later.
Hybrid or electric cars are relatively more expensive by a few thousands dollars, depending on the make, compared to conventional cars. But proponents say motorists may consider the fuel efficiency of hybrid and electric cars and low to zero emissions.
The rate per kilowatt hour (kW/h) for charging an electric vehicle in public charging points is 29 filses per kW/h. If the vehicle is charged at home, the standard residential electricity rate will be applied. Dewa has registered the first individual user for the green charging stations.
The Green Charger initiative is also part of the three-pronged approach that Dewa is implementing to turn Dubai into a smart city, which includes connecting solar energy to houses and buildings, and smart applications through smart meters and grids.
“Once to every man [woman] and nation, comes the moment to decide,
In the strife of truth with falsehood, for the good or evil side . . .”
From the Hymn, “Once to Every Man and Nation,” words by James R. Lowell
Recently, the Kansas City, Kansas Public Schools (KCKPS) has been under attack for replacing a 50-year-old piano, one that was used every day in instruction. Our critics contend that we are wasting taxpayer money. In fact, some have gone so far as to say that our purchase of a grand piano is justification for cutting funding to public schools, and is a reason to change how schools are funded in Kansas. No, I am not kidding! Our piano purchase is under attack. Someone watching all of this grandstanding from afar, might interpret this to mean, stop buying pianos for schools and the state revenue shortfall will be solved!
Here is the truth – about the piano, about the tax cuts, about the future of Kansas: The 50-year-old piano we replaced served tens of thousands of students with valor. There comes a point when an instrument, used by high school students over five decades, can no longer be patched and repaired. So the Board of Education replaced it with a new instrument, considered by the experts to be a good piano, but far short of the Cadillac it has been compared with. The real truth is that our state leaders appear to put the “March to Zero” tax reduction plan (which benefited mostly the wealthy, along with business owners) in front of funding for schools, or any other service that is part of state government's responsibility. It's not about a piano, or any other expenditure that supports education of our future workforce. It's about the future of Kansas.
Every generation has a pivotal moment, when we have to figure out where we stand and what we value. For us, here in Kansas, we are at one of those pivotal moments. All of us are going to have to decide: Are we going to continue to sit on the sidelines, and let decades of commitment to excellence in education for all students be destroyed? It seems to me we need to ask ourselves if we are going to allow the blame for the budget problems to be placed on school districts, districts that are working in a fiscally-challenging environment to ensure students receive high quality education? Or are we going to have the courage to stand up and acknowledge that the problem is our tax policy? Are we going to allow our system of public schools to devolve into one where a few are able to get what they need, and everyone else is left with the scraps?
It has been reassuring that in the midst of all this rhetoric, one of our students wrote, and other students signed, a letter to the Governor, asking him to put actions in place that support education for all students in Kansas. We also received a wonderful letter and a small donation from a teacher in Wichita in support of our decision to value arts and music education. I have received dozens and dozens of emails, texts, and tweets in support of public schools. These actions give me hope that education continues to be a high priority for Kansans.
As leaders, we must recognize that good intentions do not always turn out as we hope they might. It reminds me that when I was growing up, I was taught that when you make a mistake, you own that mistake, and you work hard to make things right. Now is our moment to decide, and to urge our legislators to fix the mistakes they have made, and the problems they have created. “It's Up to Us.”
Behind the pearly white smile, quick swing and flashy defense at third base, Anthony Rendon is reserved. His interests include hanging out with family, golfing, watching the Houston Rockets and sleeping. He shuns attention and is often terse in interviews. But Rendon will try to come out of his shell this season for a worthy cause.
At the urging of former Nationals shortstop Ian Desmond, Rendon will join the board of the Nationals Youth Baseball Academy and become the lead player spokesman for the team's charitable arm. And in doing so, the 25-year-old will find himself in the spotlight more than ever because helping inner-city kids means so much to him.
“I'm slowly trying to get out of my comfort zone,” Rendon said, sitting in the dugout at Space Coast Stadium after a morning workout. “That's the hardest part, getting out of my comfort zone and doing more in the public, for the kids or for the team. That's not the type of person I am. I'm trying to mature and work on that. And understand that, if I want to do something and put my mind to it, there's going to be other variables that come with it. I've got to learn how to handle it and do it.”
[Anthony Rendon hopes to bounce back in 2016]
When the Nationals drafted Rendon with the sixth overall pick in 2011 out of Rice University, they knew his standout talent could land him in the majors quickly. He played 57 minor league games before his big league debut April 21, 2013. He had to grow up quickly.
1 of 13 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × New faces in familiar places View Photos The Washington Nationals welcome a new manager, new coaches and new players to spring training in Viera, Fla. Caption The Washington Nationals welcome a new manager, new coaches and new players to spring training in Viera, Fla. Pitching coach Mike Maddux, left, and Manager Dusty Baker have spent a lot of time together in the first week of training camp. John McDonnell/The Washington Post Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
“I know a lot of times fans get frustrated with the fact that he's often smiley or doesn't give serious answers in the media and jokes around a little bit,” said Desmond, now with the Texas Rangers. “But he's very passionate about his job, even though he doesn't let it on all the time. He's trying to leave a bigger mark than just batting average and Gold Gloves and all that.”
In Desmond, Rendon had a role model he admired for how he carried himself on and off the field. Rendon noticed Desmond sneaking out of the clubhouse after pregame batting practice to speak to academy kids visiting Nationals Park.
Desmond, a board member since the academy opened in 2014, began inviting Rendon to come, too. He knew his time as a National was likely coming to an end and remembered that Rendon did offseason charity work in his home town of Houston.
“I always saw the way he interacted with the kids that would run onto the field or just around,” Desmond said. “Without having kids, he's very comfortable around kids. He knows how to speak to them and understands how to get on their level. I know he's got a big heart for that, and I know where his heart is at. That's what that academy needs.”
So in a late-season meeting, the two met with academy Executive Director Tal Alter so that Desmond could begin laying the groundwork to pass the torch to Rendon. Desmond's faith in him motivated Rendon to take on the responsibilities.
“Seeing how the kids react to you is pretty awesome,” Rendon said. “Not necessarily that they're star struck, but they're shy. They're kids. They don't know how to act to a new person. I know that feeling because I was there not too long ago. Sometimes I still feel like that with the guys you play with and growing up watched and now play with.”
Rendon met with Alter recently in Viera to finalize plans for this season. Desmond will remain a board member emeritus; Rendon will replace him as the academy's go-to player representative. He will be involved with the board's decisions and direction. He will host groups of players and their families at least monthly at Nationals Park. He also hopes to make regular visits to the academy to work individually with kids who need special attention.
1 of 42 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × The Nationals' rollercoaster 2015 season View Photos From high expectations in the spring to Jonathan Papelbon choking Bryce Harper in the dugout in the penultimate home game to Max Scherzer's second no-hitter, Washington's season was certainly memorable. Caption From high expectations in the spring to Jonathan Papelbon choking Bryce Harper in the dugout in the penultimate home game to Max Scherzer's second no-hitter, Washington's season was certainly memorable. Nationals infielder Yunel Escobar is greeted by teammates at the plate after hitting a walk-off home run in the 10th inning against the St. Louis Cardinals at Nationals Park on April 21, The Nationals won, 2-1. Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
“Anthony is entering a similar phase in his career as the academy,” Alter said. “For him to be maturing as a player at the same time the academy is maturing, it's a cool sort of synergy. We'll always miss Ian, but I think Anthony is more than ready to take on the role. It's going to be his program now.”
Rendon said he is impressed with the academy's 18,000-square-foot, two-floor facility in Southeast Washington that includes a garden, kitchen, seven classrooms and three artificial turf fields. Built primarily with city money, the academy hosts 144 third- to seventh-graders from Wards 7 and 8 for academic and baseball programs after school three times a week during the school year and in the summer. The fields also host hundreds of events a year, and the academy hopes to launch recreational baseball and softball leagues so kids 6 through 12 have affordable chances to play. Among the things Rendon said he cares about teaching kids is healthy eating as the country's obesity rates rise.
[Ian Desmond's teammates wish him well with Rangers]
“Say throughout the lunchroom, ‘Oh, I want that Snickers bar,' but there's a banana or apple right here,” Rendon said. “Make them choose the apple, and if something from the academy triggers their brain, that's good. If we can change one or two kids' lives out of the whole program, that's positive for me.”
Rendon values his privacy and doesn't want to be seen as doing charity work for the recognition. But because he is under team control for another four seasons, he wants to develop stronger ties to the community and become a role model. Alter said Rendon's transformation can be a lesson for the academy students.
“There's more in this world than just baseball,” Rendon said. “Everybody puts us players on a pedestal. ‘Oh, they're baseball players and they're making this much money so they have to do this perfect and that perfect and can't mess up.' But we're human beings as well. We have our great days and our bad days. No matter what bad day I go through or strike out four times in a row, I still want to have that great attitude and go after the game and go talk to the kids and not worry about the game and let them know that this is what matters.”
In a way, Rendon sees his own experiences in the academy kids. “I wouldn't say I grew up in the worst neighborhood in the world, but it wasn't the best either,” he said. Rendon credits his parents and travel baseball coach Willie Ansley for guiding him as a youngster in Houston.
“A lot of my friends went down that path, and I still talk to them to this day,” he said. “With some of them, to see how their lives could have changed if they had the right sense of direction or someone in their life. . . . If we can get to the kids and teach them great values and help them mature and how to be young, strong adult men and women, then you're slowing that process.”
Sri Lanka wicketkeeper-batsman Kusal Perera has said support from family, the board, and fans kept him upbeat through his five-month suspension due to doping charges that have now been withdrawn by the ICC.
Sangakkara wants Perera for England tour "Before this tour he'd have been at the T20 World Cup, opening with [Tillakaratne] Dilshan which would have been a huge advantage for us because he's a fantastic player," Kumar Sangakkara said during an event in London. "I'm extremely confused as to what has happened, the labs in Qatar came back with an adverse finding in one of his urine samples and named the steroid that was found, then over the last few days they have withdrawn that, saying there's been a mistake. The poor boy has been out for quite a long time. [He's] 24-25, one of the most exciting talents we have, a wicketkeeper, a strong batsman. "I hope they do [fly him out for the England tour] because when you've got through something like that the best support is to be allowed to play cricket again. He's good enough to be here. But the sad fact is that when you are provisionally banned, you can't even train, using the facilities that international teams use. "A sad situation but thankfully that's all over, he can carry on what he loves doing, but unfortunately Sri Lanka has lost a remarkable player for quite some time now."
He had been preparing for the Test leg of the New Zealand tour when he was informed of having failed a doping Test. In addition to that tour, he also missed a bilateral T20 series in India, the Asia Cup and the World T20 due to the suspension.
"I think people believed me through the whole ordeal," Perera said. "I said I hadn't taken illegal then, and I still say it now. The board believed me, and the media believed me and left me alone. The fans also believed me, so I don't think there has been much damage done to my reputation."
His plight appeared bleak when his initial sample had tested positive for the performance-enhancing drug, 19-Norandrostenedione, but it grew bleaker when the B sample returned identical results, in January. Perera said that despite the findings, he was intent on maintaining his innocence.
"People told me after the B sample also was shown to have the substance, that it would be better to accept my fault and hope for a shorter ban. But I didn't want to accept a wrong that I hadn't actually committed. If there had been any wrongdoing, I would have accepted it. For four years I had played with no problem."
Perera had also spent a substantial amount of his own money in fighting the WADA-approved lab's findings. His campaign to be cleared had included a trip to England for a polygraph test, a hair analysis and a separate urine test, as well as substantial coordination with his main legal team, which was based in the UK. He received news of his being cleared on Wednesday evening, but he had already begun to focus on making a return to the game, he said.
"I can't think much about the personal cost to me, because all I want to do is play cricket again. I've been out of the game for five months. I need to get back to practice soon. I'm really not thinking much about the financial losses. The first priority is to play for Sri Lanka and get back to form."
Perera is theoretically available for Sri Lanka's Tests in England, which begin on May 19, but appears unlikely to join the squad immediately, as he has been forced to miss official team practices or training sessions since December 7. It is conceivable that he will play in the limited-overs leg of the tour to UK and Ireland, which starts on June 16 after the three Tests. There is also a full home tour against Australia in July and August.
"The first month of the suspension I couldn't train much because I was getting a lot of legal advice," Perera said. "I did try to find time to train with a coach. I also worked on my fitness through the period.
"I need to do a bit more practice before I think about tours. That's how I'll get my form back. Through this period I couldn't work with the Sri Lanka trainer, so there will be work to do on my fitness as well."
Perera thanked a range of people for assisting him in both clearing his name, and in staying positive through a difficult period.
"I'm very happy about being able to come back to cricket. I got the news from Thilanga Sumathipala last night. I'm really happy that the board and fans trusted me. A lot of people had made supportive comments.
"I need to thank by family. My brothers were there for me especially. [My manager] Ravi helped me. And a lot of coaches helped me and gave me words of encouragement as well, which helped me along."
Former captains Kumar Sangakkara and Mahela Jayawardene came out in support of Perera's charges being cleared.
So happy that matter solved and KJP can play again.Disappointed with system and proses.@ICC player should allow playing until all hearings — Mahela Jayawardena (@MahelaJay) May 12, 2016 No one is guilty till proven and every one deserves a explanation. Let's learn from this . — Mahela Jayawardena (@MahelaJay) May 12, 2016
Andrew Fidel Fernando is ESPNcricinfo's Sri Lanka correspondent. @andrewffernando
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
Triphalangeal thumb (TPT) is a congenital malformation where the thumb has three phalanges instead of two. The extra phalangeal bone can vary in size from that of a small pebble to a size comparable to the phalanges in non-thumb digits. The true incidence of the condition is unknown, but is estimated at 1:25,000 live births.[1] In about two-thirds of the patients with triphalangeal thumbs, there is a hereditary component.[2] Besides the three phalanges, there can also be other malformations. It was first described by Columbi in 1559.[3]
Signs and symptoms [ edit ]
In combination with polydactyly
Delta shaped extra phalanx
The triphalangeal thumb has a different appearance than normal thumbs. The appearance can differ widely; the thumb can be a longer thumb, it can be deviated in the radio-ulnar plane (clinodactyly), thumb strength can be diminished. In the case of a five fingered-hand it has a finger-like appearance, with the position in the plane of the four fingers, thenar muscle deficiency, and additional length. There is often a combination with radial polydactyly.
Complications [ edit ]
Generally, triphalangeal thumbs are non-opposable. In contrast to most people with opposable thumbs, a person suffering from TPT cannot easily place his or her thumb opposite the other four digits of the same hand. The opposable thumb's ability to effortlessly utilize fingers in a "pinch" formation is critical in precision gripping. For the thumb to adequately grip, certain thumb criteria must be met (e.g. suitable position and length, stable joints and good thenar muscle strength).[4] Because triphalangeal thumbs cannot easily oppose and do not possess many of the optimal qualities found in most opposable thumbs, they tend to cause the hand to be less effective in use and, therefore, prove to be more problematic in daily life.
Cause [ edit ]
Malformations of the upper extremities can occur In the third to seventh embryonic week.[5] In some cases the TPT is hereditary. In these cases, there is a mutation on chromosome 7q36.[6] If the TPT is hereditary, it is mostly inherited as an autosomal dominant trait,[7] non-opposable and bilateral.[2] The sporadic cases are mostly opposable and unilateral.[8]
Syndromes [ edit ]
Triphalangeal thumb can occur in syndromes but it can also be isolated. The triphalangeal thumb can appear in combination with other malformations or syndromes.[5]
Syndromes include:
Malformations include:[5]
Radial polydactyly
Syndactyly
Claw-like hand or foot
Diagnosis [ edit ]
Classifications [ edit ]
There are multiple classifications for the triphalangeal thumb. The reason for these different classifications is the heterogeneity in appearance of the TPT. The classification according to Wood [9] describes the shape of the extra phalanx: delta (Fig. 4), rectangular or full phalanx (Table 1). With the classification made by Buck-Gramcko a surgical treatment can be chosen (Table 1). Buck-Gramcko differentiates between six different shapes of the extra phalanx and associated malformations.[10]
Table 1: Classifications of Wood [9] and Buck-Gramcko [10]
Classification according to Wood by shape of the extra phalanx Shape Classification according to Buck-Gramcko by shape/size of extra phalanx and associated malformations Shape I Delta I Rudimentary triphalangism II Short triangular middle phalanx (brachymesophalangeal) II Rectangular III Trapezoidal middle phalanx (intermediate) IV Long rectangular middle phalanx (dolichophalangeal) III Full V Hypoplastic triphalangeal thumb VI Triphalangeal thumb associated with polydactyly
Treatment [ edit ]
The goals of surgical treatment are: reducing length of the thumb, creating a good functioning, a stable and non deviated joint and improving the position of the thumb if necessary. Hereby improving function of the hand and thumb.
In general the surgical treatment is done for improvement of the thumb function. However, an extra advantage of the surgery is the improvement in appearance of the thumb. In the past, surgical treatment of the triphalangeal thumb was not indicated,[11] but now it is generally agreed that operative treatment improves function and appearance. Because an operation was not indicated in the past, there's still a population with an untreated triphalangeal thumb. The majority of this population doesn't want surgery, because the daily functioning of the hand is good.[11] The main obstacle for the untreated patients might not be the diminished function, but the appearance of the triphalangeal thumb.[11] The timing of surgery differs between Wood and Buck-Gramcko. Wood advises operation between the age of six months and two years,[12] while Buck-Gramcko advises to operate for all indications before the age of six years.[13]
For TPT types I and II of the Buck-Gramcko classification, the surgical treatment typically consists of removing the extra phalanx and reconstructing the ulnar collateral ligament and the radial collateral ligament if necessary. [8]
For type III of Buck-Gramcko classification proposable surgical treatments:
- smaller trapezoidal phalanx and under six years: removal of the extra phalanx and reconstruction of the ulnar collateral ligament. Lengthening of the radial collateral ligament is only indicated when the clinodactyly is still present after reconstruction of the ulnar collateral ligament.[8] - trapezoidal phalanx and older than six years: partial removal of the extra phalanx with correction of the angle. Arthrodesis of the distal interphalangeal joint (DIP).[8]
For type IV of Buck-Gramcko classification the surgical treatment typically consists of an osteotomy which reduces the middle phalanx and arthrodesis of the DIP. This gives a shortening of 1 to 1.5 cm. In most cases, this technique is combined with a shortening, rotation and palmar abduction osteotomy at metacarpal level to correct for position and length of the thumb. [8] The extensor tendons and the intrinsic muscles are shortened as well. [8]
The extensor tendons and the intrinsic muscles are shortened as well. For type V of the Buck-Gramcko classification the surgical treatment proposably consists of a "pollicization". With a pollicization the malpositioned thumb is repositioned, rotated and shortened, [8] the above-described rotation reduction osteotomy of the first metacarpal can be performed as well.
the above-described rotation reduction osteotomy of the first metacarpal can be performed as well. For type VI of the Buck-Gramcko classification, the surgical treatment typically consists of removing the additional mostly hypoplastic thumb(s). Further procedures of reconstruction of the triphalangeal thumb are performed according to the shape of the extra phalanx as described above.
References [ edit ]
^ Lapidus PW, Guidotti FP, Coletti CJ, Triphalageal thumb. Surg Gynecol Obstet, 1943 a b Temtamy SA, McKusick VA, the genetics of hand malformations, Birth defects Orig Artic Ser, 1978 ^ H. Kelikian, Hyperphalangism, congenital deformities of the hand and forearm, 1974 ^ Zguricas J, Raeymaecker DM, Snijder PJ, Psychomotor development in children with triphalangeal thumbs, J Hand Surg Br Vol, 1998 a b c Qazi Q, Kassner EG, Triphalangeal thumb, J Med Genet, 1988 ^ Heutink P, Zguricas J, et al., The gene for triphalangeal thumb maps to the subtelomeric region of chromosome 7q, Nat. Genet. 1994, Mar;6(3):287-92 ^ Zguricas J, Snijders PJ, Hovius SE, Phenotypic analysis of triphalangeal thumb and associated hand malformations, J Med Genet, 1994 a b c d e f g SER Hovius, JM Zuidam, T de Wit, treatment of the triphalangeal thumb, techniques in hand and upper extremity surgery, 2004 a b Wood, treatment of the triphalangeal thumb, Clin Orthop, 1976 a b Buck-Gramcko, congenital and development conditions, the interphalangeal joints- hand and upper limb, 1987 a b c Zuidam JM, de Kraker M, Selles RW, Hovius SE, Evaluation of function and appearance of adults with untreated triphalangeal thumbs, J Hand Surg Am, 2010 ^ Wood VE, The triphalangeal thumb, Operated hand surgery, 1998 ^ Buck-Gramcko, The triphalangeal thumb, Congenital malformations of the hand and forearm, 1998
In response to public outcry, many police departments have, like Portland, turned to more training for their officers, in many cases adopting some version of a model pioneered in Memphis almost three decades ago and known as crisis intervention team training, or C.I.T.
Studies have found that the training can alter the way officers view people with mental illness. And the approach, which teaches officers ways to defuse potentially violent encounters before force becomes necessary, is useful for officers facing any volatile situation, even if a mental health crisis is not involved, law enforcement experts say.
Whether the training leads to less use of force by officers, however, is still an open question: The findings of studies have been mixed, although one study to be published later this year suggests that Portland's program, which is based on C.I.T., is having an effect. And training alone is not enough, experts say. For the approach to be effective, it needs the full backing of a police department's leadership, continual checks on its effectiveness, and collaboration with the mental health community.
“The training is great, but it's not magic,” said Laura Usher, coordinator of crisis intervention team training for the National Alliance on Mental Illness. “The thing that actually transforms the way the system works is when everyone gets together.”
Debate Signals a Culture Shift
The decision by the Portland police to leave the sword-wielding man on the beach was controversial within the department. Some officers argued that more should have been done: What if the man had injured or killed someone?
Others countered that it was late and that the secluded area was deserted. The man had committed no crime. And a confrontation could easily have ended with him or the officers being harmed.
Sozi 14 was officially announced last February. As the version number suggests, it was planned to be released in 2014. So I believe it is time to ship, at least, a preview of the new editor before the end of the year.
Until version 13.11, the editor for Sozi was provided as an Inkscape extension. The extension system of Inkscape had not been designed for this kind of use, so Sozi was not well integrated in Inkscape and the overall user experience was poor. Moreover, the editor depended on several other frameworks and libraries (Python 2.7, GTK2, PyGTK) that needed to be manually installed in Windows and OS X. Some of them are now deprecated. For all these reasons, I decided that it would be a waste of time to try to improve this editor again, and I started writing a new one from scratch. The editor for Sozi 14 has been developed with the following concerns:
It is no longer an Inkscape extension, and is not tied to a specific SVG editor.
Its user interface includes a preview of the presentation rather than only a form.
For a given frame, you can select the visible area in each layer without drawing rectangles.
It does not modify the original SVG document but saves the presentation in a separate file.
It is easier to install in Windows and OS X.
It is based on web technologies (HTML, JavaScript, SVG).
A new user interface
Frames are created and modified using three panes:
The timeline pane (bottom) features a grid where each row represents a layer and each column represents a frame. Select layers and frames using the mouse. Use the Shift and Control keys for multiple selections.
and keys for multiple selections. The preview pane (top left) contains a view of the current frame. Use the mouse to modify the geometry of the selected layers in the selected frame. Drag using the left button, zoom using the wheel, rotate using the wheel and the Shift key.
key. The properties pane (top right) contains a form where you can modify various properties of frames and transitions.
It is no longer required to draw rectangles to delimit frames but it can help in some cases. Tutorials on this topic will be published soon.
There is no Save button. The editor saves the current document automatically, each time the window loses focus, and before quitting. If you modify the SVG document while Sozi is running, it will be reloaded automatically when Sozi gets the focus again.
A new file format
If you have used earlier versions of Sozi, you will notice that the new editor stores the presentation in a new format. For instance, if your original SVG document is my_presentation.svg , Sozi 14 will create two files:
my_presentation.sozi.json stores the presentation data. It is used internally by the editor.
stores the presentation data. It is used internally by the editor. my_presentation.sozi.html is the resulting Sozi presentation. Open it in a web browser to play it.
Technically, the HTML file contains a copy of your SVG document, a copy of the presentation data, and the Sozi player software. It is a standalone document: if you want to share a presentation, you do not need to give the SVG and JSON files.
Sozi 14 can import presentations made with Sozi 13.
If you have already imported a document in Sozi 14, and if you modify it later using Sozi 13, you will need to remove the JSON file to restart the import process.
Known issues
The current version of the new editor does not display linked images. SVG documents that contain embedded images are displayed correctly.
The desktop editor is based on the official build of node-webkit. It is known to fail:
For the second issue, a quick fix consists in creating a symbolic link like this:
# Debian, Ubuntu and their derivatives, 32-bit sudo ln -sf /lib/i386-linux-gnu/libudev.so.1 /lib/i386-linux-gnu/libudev.so.0 # Debian, Ubuntu and their derivatives, 64-bit sudo ln -sf /lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libudev.so.1 /lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libudev.so.0 # Others 32-bit sudo ln -sf /usr/lib/libudev.so.1 /usr/lib/i386-linux-gnu/libudev.so.0 # Others 64-bit sudo ln -sf /usr/lib64/libudev.so.1 /usr/lib64/i386-linux-gnu/libudev.so.0
Sozi 14 does not support localization yet.
The following features will be added later, but they will be provided as optional extensions:
frame numbers,
table of contents,
frame URLs.
Try Sozi 14 now!
A very early preview of the new editor is available for testers. It can be run either as a standalone desktop application, or as a hosted web application.
Please note that this software is not ready for production use. Use it at your own risk.
Download the desktop version (choose the zip file corresponding to your platform and click the "Download" button at the top of the screen).
Try the hosted web application (requires a Google Drive account for saving documents).
Contribute
Report issues if you find bugs or want to suggest improvements. Please indicate clearly that you are using Sozi 14.
Gucci maintains its spot as the number one handbag brand of choice for Chinese women this year, according to a recent survey that found it just barely beat out Chanel and Prada.
A report by RBC Capital Markets based on a survey of 411 Chinese women found that Gucci came in first as the handbag brand they most intended to purchase within the next year, listed by 50 percent of respondents. A total of 70 percent of those surveyed said they own between two and five high-end handbags. It dominated the shoes category as well after being named by 70 percent of respondents. The Italian brand also came in first for last year's survey by the firm, which questioned 303 Chinese women planning to spend at least US$750 on a handbag in the coming year.
The top factors influencing their decision were design, brand reputation, and fashion appeal. In addition, shopping experience and price were listed as secondary concerns. The optimal price listed was between US$1,900 to $2,850, according to the report.
Gucci's new design direction and extensive marketing efforts in China have prompted a comeback in recent years. At the New York Times Luxury Conference in the spring this year, Gucci CEO Marco Bizzarri said that the Gucci logo was still stylish for Chinese consumers despite a general “logo fatigue” trend in the market. “The Chinese are buying back into Gucci after many months of decline. No one is ashamed to show a GG belt,” he said.
As part of Gucci's creative turnaround, it sponsored an exhibition at the Minsheng Art Museum in Shanghai in 2015, where it displayed Gucci products alongside Chinese contemporary art. Luxury brand-sponsored art exhibitions and collaborations with artists have been a popular way for brands to increase their cachet in China.
Chanel came in a close second place for handbags, with 49 percent listing the French label, but came out on top for ready-to-wear clothing (55 percent). Meanwhile, Prada was second for shoes and Gucci was the runner-up for clothing. The additional three handbag brands in the top five were Prada, Louis Vuitton, and Hermès, respectively. Louis Vuitton came in third for shoes, followed by Miu Miu in fourth and Salvatore Ferragamo in fifth. Third, fourth, and fifth for clothing were Prada, Louis Vuitton, and Giorgio Armani.
While these brands dominated overall, consumers under the age of 34 surveyed had a very different top five list for handbags: Mulberry, Miu Miu, Alexander McQueen, Alexander Wang, and Givenchy. Out of those surveyed, 90 percent were between the ages of 25 and 44.
In an earlier 2016 survey by the Hurun Report on Chinese HNWIs' luxury preferences, Chanel took the top spot as the favorite label for both fashion and accessories for women.
University of North Carolina President Margaret Spellings on Tuesday announced the university will be seeking to hire lawyers to defend against a Department of Justice lawsuit over North Carolina's controversial House Bill 2 "bathroom bill" that mandates single-sex bathrooms in state-owned buidlings and mandates that all schools in the state provide single-sex bathrooms and changing facilities, with sex defined as one's biological sex. Photo courtesy of University of North Carolina
CHAPEL HILL, N.C., May 11 (UPI) -- The University of North Carolina will pursue a separate legal course of action as it faces a Department of Justice lawsuit over the state's controversial "bathroom bill."
After a meeting with the university's board of governors, University of North Carolina President Margaret Spellings announced on Tuesday she would seek to hire lawyers to defend the school against the Justice Department's lawsuit filed on Monday in which the university, the state of North Carolina and its governor, Pat McCrory, are named as defendants.
"We can't operate this place without federal funding," Spellings said before defending her university's action amid the controversial bill accused of targeting transgender people. "These institutions have been supportive, welcoming places for every type of individual. And we will continue to be ... We have not changed any of our policies ... We do not discriminate against anybody, and that will continue to be our stance."
The Justice Department and McCrory filed lawsuits against each other on Monday over House Bill 2 -- which mandates transgender state employees to use restrooms for the sex they had at birth, not the gender with which they identify.
RELATED Justice Department will not seek death penalty for Benghazi attack
The U.S. Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch on Monday said that the state's decision to fight for H.B. 2 could ultimately cost them millions in federal funding.
"We retain the option of curtailing federal funding to the N.C. Dept. of Public Safety and University of North Carolina," Lynch said, noting that the Justice Department will wait to see how the case proceeds before deciding on such action.
In McCrory's lawsuit, he and North Carolina Public Safety Secretary Frank Perry sought "declaratory and injunctive relief" from the Justice Department, U.S. Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch and the department's civil rights attorney, Vanita Gupta.
The Justice Department's lawsuit accuses North Carolina of violating multiple provisions of federal law -- Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 and the Violence Against Women Act of 1994.
In the state's suit, McCrory and Perry criticized the federal government for what they call a "radical reinterpretation" of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act, which they contend would "prevent plaintiffs from protecting the bodily privacy rights of state employees while accommodating the needs of transgender state employees."
Last week, the Justice Department in its letter refuted that assertion, saying that gender identity has been affirmed and reaffirmed by courts as a protected part of federal law. The issue of whether transgender people are protected under federal laws could potentially only be resolved by the U.S. Supreme Court.
For months we'd been told Earl Thomas was on a path to be back by Week 1. Now that optimism has shaved a bit.
While he's making progress in his rehab from February shoulder surgery on a torn labrum, the Seattle Seahawks' star safety will not be ready for the start of camp and the regular-season opener is uncertain.
"The hope for Thomas is to be active after starting the preseason on the PUP list," NFL Media Insider Ian Rapoport reported on NFL Total Access on Thursday, "to be active for the third or fourth preseason game, get himself into game shape quickly and be ready for Week 1."
In February, Rapoport reported that Thomas was expected to be sidelined for six to eight months. This week's news means the safety will be closer to the back of that timeframe than the front.
Thomas plays a vital role in the Seahawks secondary. As the top safety in the NFL, his sideline-to-sideline ability allows the outside defenders to be more aggressive.
Having a healthy Thomas, who can use his shoulder to lower the boom, is more important for the stretch run into the playoffs than camp or even Week 1 versus the St. Louis Rams.
The latest Around The NFL Podcast discusses the eight most intriguing training camp battles heading into the season.
Vijay Sethupathi starrer "Naanum Rowdy Thaan" (Nanum Rowdydhaan) witnessed a grand opening, with the Tamil movie making a business of Rs 2.16 crore on its first day.
Trade tracker Sreedhar Pillai announced the news on Twitter, adding that this is the best opening that any film of Vijay Sethupathi has had till date. He posted, "#NaanumRowdyDhaan Day 1 only TN - Gross = Rs 2.16 Cr, Excellent for a #VijaySethupathy film, his highest day 1. Number of screens 2 increase."
"Naanum Rowdy Thaan" enjoyed a good occupancy on the opening day. In Chennai, the film witnessed above 60% occupancy, which helped the movie post a good score at the box office.
The simultaneous release of Vikram-Samantha starrer "10 Endrathukulla" affected the business of "Naanum Rowdy Thaan". However, the Vijay Sethupathi starrer received a better feedback from the audience as compared to Chiyaan's film.
"Naanum Rowdy Thaan" is expected to do better business during the Dasara holiday weekend. Even the screen count will be increased during the weekend.
Meanwhile, "10 Endrathukulla" has got a flying start at the box office. On the first day, it earned Rs 5 crore in Tamil Nadu and a total of Rs 6.5 crore from entire India. But, the movie got mixed reviews and we have to wait and see how the film will perform in the coming days.
"Naanum Rowdy Thaan", starring Vijay Sethupathi and Nayantara, is an emotional comedy. The Tamil movie has been written and directed by Vignesh Shivan. The good screenplay backed with wonderful performance of the lead actors has won the hearts of the audience.
US Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton waves to supporters during a campaign rally in Cincinnati, Ohio, on October 31, 2016. Clinton campaigned Monday for a third straight day without close aide Huma Abedin, linked by media to the renewed FBI probe into the former secretary of state's use of a private email server. The Federal Bureau of Investigation jolted the US presidential race Friday with the announcement it was reviewing a new batch of emails that appeared to be pertinent to the Clinton case. / AFP / Jewel SAMAD (Photo credit should read JEWEL SAMAD/AFP/Getty Images)
PITTSBURGH (CBS) — After Donald Trump was proclaimed the winner of the 2016 presidential election, there have been protests sprouting up in pockets across the country.
Now, an online petition has been started asking the electoral college to, when they meet on December 19, withhold their support for Trump, something granted to them in the Constitution.
Though Clinton leads the popular vote by about 280,000 as of Thursday morning, Trump has won the minimum of 270 electoral votes necessary to be elected president. He has 290 to Clinton's 228.
According to the Constitution, electors will meet in their respective state capitals on Dec. 19. In most cases, whoever wins the popular vote gains all of that state's electoral votes.
The number of electoral votes per state is determined by the number of congressional districts plus one for each senator — a total of 538.
But as the New York Times points out, there is nothing in the Constitution that would prevent any of the electors from refusing to support the candidate who won their state, or from abstaining. They are dubbed a “faithless elector,” though 29 states ban the practice.
The Times says faithless electors have never affected the final result of any presidential election and there haven't been many in modern times.
The last time was in 2004, when an anonymous elector in Minnesota cast his vote for John Edwards instead of the Democratic candidate, John Kerry.
The foundation for the petition is the fact that Hillary Clinton won the popular vote, something that Trump himself has complained about in the past.
Here's an excerpt from the petition:
“We are calling on the Electors to ignore their states' votes and cast their ballots for Secretary Clinton. Why? Mr. Trump is unfit to serve. His scapegoating of so many Americans, and his impulsivity, bullying, lying, admitted history of sexual assault, and utter lack of experience make him a danger to the Republic. Secretary Clinton WON THE POPULAR VOTE and should be President.”
In 2012 after Barack Obama defeated Mitt Romney, Trump tweeted on the matter: “He lost the popular vote by a lot and won the election. We should have a revolution in this country!” The tweet has since been deleted.
As of 6pm EST on Thursday, November 10, the petition has more than a million signatures.
BY: Follow @DavidRutz
The New York Times, despite a front-page editorial advocating for gun control, still failed to live up to the left-wing sensibilities of MSNBC host Melissa Harris-Perry Saturday because it had a picture of San Bernardino shooter and devout Muslim Tafsheen Malik wearing her hijab.
Now, Harris-Perry complained in the clip first flagged by NewsBusters, the newspaper was problematic for suggesting "this is what terrorism looks like."
Malik pledged allegiance to the Islamic State terrorist organization the same day she and husband Syed Farook killed 14 people. The New York Times reported Malik was "visibly devout" with her use of the hijab and face-covering niqab. It is unclear how any other picture of Malik could have been circulated. As NewsBusters suggested, was the newspaper expected to photoshop the hijab off her?
Arab-American activist Linda Sarsour claimed Saturday on Harris-Perry's eponymous show that the media's rhetoric about the massacre shifted when it turned out the perpetrators were Islamic.
"All of a sudden we find out they're Muslim. Bam, gun violence is out of the question," she said. "We start talking about terrorism. And I'm extremely disturbed. I mean, I looked at the New York Times cover today. There, you have a whole op-ed on gun control. Great. Right next to it is pictures from the apartment of things that I have in my house."
"Yes!" Harris-Perry said.
"These are things that all Muslims have in their house," Sarsour said. "There's nothing about that that tells you a story about what terrorism looks like. So you're telling me that when my friends who are not Muslim come into my home and see a Koran on see frames on the wall with a scripture from my religion, is that supposed to tell you something? I mean, it's absolutely outrageous."
Sarsour said there was a clear "double standard" for how Muslims are treated when they are perpetrators.
"Also, right next to it [is] an image of the shooting suspect there in an hijab," Harris-Perry said. "And the idea that, okay, this is what terrorism looks like, I … for me, that is a difference, and it is a material and meaningful difference in how we … so on the one hand again, I want to be able to talk about what the thing is that is terrorism. On the other hand, I have to reflect that this happens only for specific communities."
Harris-Perry, who has also warned against using the term "hard worker" because it's offensive to slaves or something, is known for her serious opinions and nuanced panel discussions.
When the story of two male Lloyd Irvin students being charged with the rape of a female student came out yesterday, news reports of 1989 gang rape case involving a Lloyd E. Irvin, Jr. also surfaced. The charge was that a 17 year old woman went out to dinner with a group of male college students, went back to their apartment, had a few drinks and then was raped by "at least seven men."
The men claimed that the woman was a willing participant in the incident.
Here are some of the details via the Daily Press:
The fates of two men charged in the alleged gang rape of a 17-year-old Hampton University student last fall will not be determined until at least Monday. Circuit Judge Robert W. Curran dismissed a jury of six men and six women at 7 p.m. Friday after they deliberated about four hours on whether Terrence C. Gatling, 21, and Lloyd E. Irvin Jr., 20, are guilty of rape. Gatling, who was a junior at HU at the time of the incident, and Irvin, who was a junior at Bowie State University in Maryland, are charged with raping an HU student who had been on campus about six weeks. Gatling also is charged with sodomy. ... Irvin said that having sex with a "freak" was not one of his best ideas of fun, but he did not oppose it.
Irvin wasn't convicted because he was "impotent" according to a follow-up Daily Press article:
On that evening a 17-year-old girl agreed to go to dinner with a group of male college students she barely knew. Then she agreed to go to an apartment with them for a party. Somewhere along the line she drank some booze. By the end of the night, at least seven men had had sex with her. Neither Gatling, who is 21, nor Irvin, who is 20, tried to talk any of them out of it. Instead, they joined in. Or tried. Irvin was saved by the fact that the jury believed he was impotent when it was his turn.
The article goes on to say that Irvin testified that Irvin "wanted to have intercourse with her but couldn't." In the end the accusation that Gatling held her down while Irvin had sex with her led to Gatling only being convicted of forcing the woman to perform oral sex, since the jury believed the story that Irvin was, as the paper put it, impotent.
Lloyd Irvin the MMA trainer's full name is Lloyd Emory Irvin, Jr. He was born May 17, 1969 which would have made him 20-years-old at the time of the incident and he did, in fact, attend Bowie State University. He has trained such notable UFC stars such as Brandon Vera, Mike Easton, Phil Davis and bantamweight champion Dominick Cruz.
In 1991 there were two more men involved in the same gang rape who were convicted.
Obviously the charges in this 1989 case were of a very serious nature and, should it turn out that this is the same Lloyd Irvin it may raise questions about public disclosure (even though not found guilty) as he now teaches "rape prevention seminars," such as the one currently scheduled for February 2.
Efforts to verify the identity of the accused have been unsuccessful.
The Newport News police department, as well as the Courthouse, were unable to verify that these are the same Lloyd E Irvin Jr. They do not have records from more than ten years ago on file at the courthouse, and the police have limited data in their records and can only verify an arrest, not the extent of the charges. Bowie State University was unable to confirm if there was only one student by the name of Lloyd E. Irvin Jr. who attended the school in 1989, because they can not give out those details.
Attempts to reach Irvin via phone or Facebook were unsuccessful. The person who answered the phone at his gym said he was unavailable and a request for a return phone call has gone unanswered, while Facebook messages were not returned. It appears he has deactivated his personal and business Facebook accounts since that communication was sent.
Prior to the closing of his Facebook page, Irvin had posted this update about the current charges involving his students:
There has been a horrible alleged incident that occurred that involved 3 people on my comp team. This is a legal matter that I am not authorized to speak on and has nothing to do with me personally. However, for you idiotic people who come on my page to attack me for the actions of two grown men, let me make something very clear to you: I don't care if you hate me, my marketing, my team or anything I do, but let's not lose sight of the REAL issue here. A young lady was allegedly harmed. Someone who is a friend, a student of mine and who knows she has my full support during this difficult time. This is not a laughing matter or a time to try and turn your personal dislike for me or my team into an irrelevant story.The focus should be on the well-being of this young lady. Do not take away from the severity of these charges by trying to make it about me. This could be any one of our mother's, sisters or daughters and I take this very seriously For the record I was just with this young lady this morning and she is looking forward to working towards her goal of becoming a bjj world champion. Anyone that attempts to come on my page and attack me during this serious time is beyond sick!
Update: Lloyd's Facebook page is once again active, though yesterday's post about the alleged incident with his students appears to have been removed.
Update 2: Some people have been asking about the situation on the Facebook page, but those questions are being deleted.
Before:
After (notice that the comment has been removed):
A New Brunswick man faces murder charges in the beating death of Kean University student William McCaw
Timothy Puskas, 38, is being held on $5 million bail. Puskas was already in custody after being picked up by authorities for allegedly assaulting his roommate with a hammer last Friday. At the time of the alleged assault on his roommate, Puskas was out on bail for a 2012 hit-and-run that left 26-year-old Leonel Hernandez dead.
While in custody for the alleged hammer attack, authorities connected him to the death of McCaw.
McCaw's body was found in a backyard on Hartwell Street near Rutgers University on February 15.
McCaw, 22, had previously attended Rutgers University, but transferred recently to Kean University. He was back near the Rutgers campus visiting his old fraternity brothers before he was killed.
His death left the community stunned.
“I hope that the family and friends of William McCaw have at least some sense of relief knowing that the murderer has been charged and is behind bars,” Middlesex County Acting Prosecutor Andrew C. Carey said.
The area consists of mostly off-campus housing for Rutgers University students who told CBS 2's Weijia Jiang the neighborhood is known for its partying.
McCaw had been at a house party which he left to attend another gathering. He had no known connection to the residents of the property where his body was discovered, prosecutors said.
Anyone with information is asked to call Detective Martinez of the New Brunswick Police Department at (732) 745-5217, extension 6028, or Investigator Daniewicz of the Middlesex County Prosecutor's Office at (732) 745-4018.
You May Also Be Interested In These Stories:
TOKYO—Imagine a world in which the Nazis and Imperial Japan won the second world war—that's the premise of the critically acclaimed TV series The Man In The High Castle, which is science fiction. But as a matter of fact, the grandson of a war criminal, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, seems intent on turning that dark fantasy into something more like a reality TV show. The premiere is scheduled for 2020, and he's drawing on some classics for the scenario: Mein Kampf recently was approved for Japanese classrooms, and the suggestively titled Hitler's Election Strategy is popular with some members of the Abe Cabinet.
Ominously, Abe announced on May 3 plans to dismantle Japan's postwar democratic constitution and replace it with one that owes a debt to the Nazis' revision of the German constitution in the 1930s, and this week his political party will ram through a conspiracy bill that is straight out of Imperial Japan's darkest days: those two decades from 1925 to 1945 when people who criticized the government or wrote the truth about the war effort simply vanished in the middle of the night and were not seen again. It's a bill so awful that the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights wrote Abe a letter raising concerns that the new law could allow police to trample on civil liberties.
On Monday, the Abe administration responded with a very public and not very polite missive which, when translated with an understanding of the subtleties of Japanese language and culture, amounts to, “Fuck off.” Just like the Nazis of days past, Japan's rulers don't deal well with criticism.
Comparing a political party to the Nazis in any form is generally considered the lowest form of political criticism, but it's no longer possible to resist the comparison in Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's Japan. Because he and his Cabinet admire the Nazis—out loud. And this weird reverence for both the Nazis and the World War II military dictatorship that ran Japan have been there from the start.
In the summer of 2013, Deputy Prime Minister and Finance Minister Taro Aso, famous for his verbal gaffes declared in a speech to his political supporters, “Germany's Weimar Constitution was changed into the Nazi Constitution before anyone knew. It was changed before anyone else noticed. Why don't we learn from that method?”
Two of Abe's Cabinet appointees were associated with Japan's Nazi Party and several of his comrades wrote laudatory blurbs for a book called Hitler's Election Strategy, published in 1994, and written by a member of Abe's Liberal Democratic Party (LDP). The book was banned after international criticism.
Comparisons with the Nazis are hard to brush off if your Cabinet members are looking up to them as role models.
Let's not forget that Abe appointed an unrepentant racist, Eriko Yamatani, associated with the internationally condemned Zaitokukai, to oversee the National Police Agency. Neither the prime minister nor any of his senior Cabinet members openly opposed the discrimination against Japan's Korean residents. Last month, the Cabinet announced in an approved written response to an opposition party's question on the usage of Hitler's Mein Kampf as teaching material in classrooms that it was completely acceptable.
After a public outcry, they made the obligatory comment that “if it were used as a tool to promote racism… that would be inappropriate.”
Initially, criticism erupted all over the country but the mainstream media practiced self-censorship and didn't touch the issue until the outcry forced their hand as well.
Cabinet ministers this year also announced support for reintroducing the kamikaze-inspiring Imperial Rescript on Education back into the classroom. It was issued originally by the Meiji Era emperor in 1890 and advised citizens that the greatest moral good was to give their lives for him or his successors. It was later used as part of the ideology that had Japan send soldiers out to die in airplanes as kamikaze pilots, die in small submarines as human torpedoes, and force Okinawans to commit mass suicide. After the war, the edict was declared null and void by Japan's parliament in 1948, with a statement that it “clearly undermines basic human rights and calls into question Japan's international fidelity.” Now, it's on its way back. Indeed, it has been a good year for those nostalgic for prewar Japanese militarism. Bayonet practice will be making a comeback in education as well.
The administration has demonstrated repeatedly its inclination to be more like the Nazis, at least in certain respects. In fact, sometimes the party manifesto seems like one big throwback to those imperialist days when the superior Yamato race, descendants of the gods, ruled over Asia and used lesser Asian men for slave labor, and the women for pleasuring the soldiers.
The most imminent threat looming over Japan is the conspiracy law which is expected to pass before the end of this week. The full name of the bill is the awkward “the law regulating preparing for terrorism and other organized crimes” and it is as vague as it sounds. If two or more people take action to prepare for a crime, they will be penalized even if they have not committed a crime. But what is included in the words “preparing” and “other” one wonders? That is for the government to decide, which may give it the latitude to determine that almost any civilian act can be called criminal.
Currently, the law targets 277 crimes, including forging stamps or conspiring to compete in a motorboat race without a license. Of course, even more could be added later with some amendments.
The government argues that this law is necessary since Japan approved the UN Convention against Transnational Organized Crime in 2013 and therefore the country needs this anti-conspiracy law to comply with the convention.
That's a smokescreen.
According to the Japan Times, not only has this claim been disputed by the Japan Federal Bar Association, but a relevant UN administrator has stated that, “the convention does not expressly target terrorist groups. Its main function is to fortify efforts to prevent cross-border crimes such as human trafficking, drug dealing and money laundering.”
The administration is parading around the word “terrorism” and the 2020 Olympics as part of a horse and pony show while claiming that it's all necessary to create the foundations of the “safest country in the world”—one that is heavily controlled, where dissent is stifled, and everyone is under constant surveillance. Sound familiar?
If you think this law won't be abused, you don't know Japan. It's a country where for several years the police routinely raided clubs and arrested the owners for letting customers dance after midnight. Why? Because they revived an archaic law that let them do it.
The conspiracy laws echo unpleasantly the Peace Preservation Laws enacted in 1925 that are said to have been some of the most significant instruments of intellectual and political repression in prewar Japan. They were supposed to be used to fight communism, and the government declared that civilians were not in the cross-hairs, but after their enactment surveillance and arrests of citizens quickly became routine.
Shigeaki Iijima, a constitutional scholar, sounded the alarm over the conspiracy bills months ago. They “may quite possibly violate the three most important principles of our constitution,” he said: “respect for basic human rights, pacifism, and popular sovereignty. It may bring us into the dark ages. It is the modern version of the Peace Preservation Laws.”
However, while the passage of these laws is frightening enough, it's all just a prelude to the ultimate goal—dismantling postwar Japan's constitution and reverting back to the prewar version.
One thing you have to give the Abe administration credit for: They walk the talk. And they telegraph their punches. When Abe said in a speech in 2013 that, “If you want to call me a right-wing militarist, please go ahead…” he probably wasn't kidding. He's a lot smarter than the media covering him.
Let's walk this back a bit.
After the reference to Nazis in 2013, later in the year, Abe's coalition government pushed into the law the much opposed and condemned State Secret Act. The law allows authorities to jail civil servants who leak state secrets for up to 10 years, while journalists and civilians who reveal a state secret or who persistently ask about a state secret may be jailed up to five years. The government does not have to clarify what information counts as a state secret.
So what we have is the framework for a Kafkaesque future in which innocent civilians are prosecuted for asking questions without knowing they are asking about a state secret and never finding out why they are penalized.
The administration then rammed through the highly controversial Security Bill which allows Japan to engage in warfare overseas. Many speculate that Japan's steadfastly pacifist Emperor Akihito declared his desire to abdicate in protest. There's not much question that the emperor takes a highly favorable view of the existing constitution and regrets the atrocities of Japan's Imperial Army.
In the midst of the uproar about the conspiracy bill being passed on May 3, the 70th anniversary of Japan's post-war constitution, Prime Minister Abe announced at a meeting sponsored by the powerful right wing Shinto cult, Nippon Kaigi that he would institute a new constitution for Japan by 2020. The backlash was loud and clear.
By now, many people know that the LDP proposed constitution would do more than enable Japan to wage war. Abe revealed in the LDP's 2012 draft that the glorious new constitution would include an “emergency situation clause.” This will allow the prime minister to declare a state of emergency with the approval of the cabinet if the nation is attacked, or domestic insurgency occurs, or there is a natural disaster. It authorizes the cabinet to issue orders that have the legal authority of national laws but without undergoing deliberations or a vote. The prime minister will also be able to draft a necessary budget, without the usual parliamentary procedures. This was also a tactic used by the Nazi Party after seizing power.
Professor Lawrence Repeta, an expert on Japanese law, says this law is straight out of the Nazi playbook. He notes that by utilizing the emergency decree clause in the Weimar Constitution, following the burning of the Reichstag, “It was declared that anyone plot or abetting the murder of the president or officials of the government was to be either executed or imprisoned for life, or at least for 15 years. On the contrived basis that the arsonist was a communist, the Communist Party was banned and arrest warrants issued for all of its candidates in the national election. ‘Plotting' and ‘abetting' were obviously suspicions very easily manufactured by police and prosecutors.”
Hodo Station, a hard hitting investigative news show, which was lead by veteran anchor Ichiro Furutachi before he was fired for his outspoken criticism of the government last year, was awarded the 2016 Galaxy Award for its in-depth reporting on the parallels between the LPD proposed constitution's “emergency situation clause” and Article 48 in the Weimar Constitution which promulgated the “emergency decrees.” In the feature, a German constitution specialist warned that the two clauses were essentially the same and considering how the Nazis gained power by taking advantage of this flaw in the constitution, it is clear that there are dangers ahead in modern day Japan with such revisions in the horizon.
Some cynics note that Abe's sudden bombshell statement about the constitution came right after the Moritomo school scandal in which Abe's ties to a racist, pre-WW2 ideology-promoting school were exposed. The announcement of a constitutional revision timetable has made the media focus on that issue, momentarily forgetting about the conspiracy law debate as well as the Moritomo scandal.
Let's give the devil his due—Shinzo Abe and the Liberal Democratic Party have really learned from the Nazis about how to deal with dissent and use propaganda effectively. First you need to quell the free press so people aren't aware of what you are doing—and then you do exactly what you want. In 2011, Japan was #11 in the world press freedom rankings. It now ranks at #72.
Hitler had Goebbels. Trump has Steve Bannon and Rupert Murdoch, but Prime Minister Abe has the world's biggest circulation newspaper, the Yomiuri Shimbun—and its “emperor,” Tsuneo Watanabe, totally on his side.
In fact, when questioned about his new constitutional reform zeal Abe managed to upset even Japan's usually docile parliament by refusing to answer and saying, “You should really read the Yomiuri Shimbun, which has excellent coverage of my thoughts as the grand leader of the Liberal Democratic Party.”
The propaganda machine that Abe and his supporters have in place is well oiled. The LDP even has a paid army of cyber trolls to squash dissent and flood social media with their agenda. Abe has appointed his political allies to run Japan's once respected public television network, NHK, so that many now call it, “Abe TV.” The Asahi Shimbun reports that he's been so effective in squashing opposition in his own political party that “silent LDP members cower in fear of ‘Big Brother' Abe.”
He has everything in place to convince the Japanese people that the “Nippon Kaigi Constitution” should replace Japan's “peace constitution.”
Japan is heading squarely back to the past. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is close to achieving the dreams of his grandfather, Japan's Minister of Munitions during the war, who was arrested as a war criminal but never tried. Abe's grandfather later went on to become prime minister but failed in his lifelong ambition to dissolve Japan's democratic constitution and restoring Imperial rule. The conspiracy bill passage brings Abe a little closer to that goal. It's the “software” in the militarist time machine that the LDP has been quietly assembling since regaining power in 2012.
If history repeats itself, that's especially true in Japan, where the past is constantly being revised so that solid lessons are hard to learn. Maybe that's just the cycle of the world: a new era of strongmen ruling at the expense of democracy and its values: Abe, Trump, and Putin—call them “The Axis of Elites.”
Living off the grid could land you behind bars in California. Government officials are using nuisance abatement teams to force property owners off their land. Some of the self-reliant Americans featured in a Reason TV expose were offered the chance to stay in their homes, but only if they could pay an enormous fee and hook onto the power grid.
Living in a rural region that does not have a zoning, code or building permit office, I was shocked to discover all of the governmental red tape (and control) other Americans are forced to endure. The dozen or so off-the-grid property owners residing in the deserts around Los Angeles County feel as if they are being targeted and terrorized by local officials, and I tend to agree.
The code enforcement agents pressuring the off-grid homeowners away from their land are reportedly citing complaints by neighbors about the non-traditional homes. As many of the self-sufficient folks featured in the report note, their closest neighbors are at least a half a mile away. It is unlikely that an Earth-friendly, off-grid energy systems is truly ruining the view from such a distance.
Claims that a future and potentially lucrative land development deal is behind the government overreaching tactics have been dismissed as conspiracy theories by local officials. Some of the California desert residents stated they have been threatened with both massive fines and jail times if they refused to follow the dictates of the nuisance abatement teams.
Many of the “desert rats” believe Los Angeles County Supervisor Michael Antonovich is behind the infringement upon their property rights. Antonovich created the nuisance abatement teams in 2006. The stated mission of the permit enforcement teams involves abating the “more difficult” public nuisance conditions and code violations present on private property.
Once again, the fact that door size, electrical outlet placement rules, and the like even exist is beyond comprehension for me. If I wanted to build a house on a piece of land, I could simply grab a hammer and begin the process. Aside from a little health department regulations about sewage and wells, no contact with any governmental agency is required. My friend Cindy, the county auditor, makes sure accurate property taxes are levied, but other than that, we all live peacefully in houses which are no more prone to fire or collapse than those in the highly over-regulated cities quite a few miles down the road.
The ramped up land usage code enforcement in the Los Angeles desert region has reportedly been going on for the past five years. Agents from governmental offices have essentially been rendering the off-grid residents homeless in many cases. Lacking the funds to legally address the unreasonable fees, fines, and power grid requirements have left many of those who have been visited by agents without the ability to fight for their rights. The only tool many of the off-grid desert families have been able to utilize has been the power of the media. Only recently have various local and online media outlets taken notice of the property infringement tactics and begun to shed light on the problem.
Discover The Only Way Back To True Freedom And Liberty In America…
One Antelope Valley resident had been living on his little patch of sand for over two decades without any type of government intrusion—until recently. Once he began receiving letters stating his home site was bothering his neighbors, the situation started to go downhill quickly. A video tour of his property clearly illustrates that the only “neighbors” the man has been sage brush and jack rabbits.
An older couple, Marcella and Jacques Dupuis, were reportedly forced to dismantle their home by hand and then use their retirement funds to buy a home in another county. They could not afford to hire a work crew or heavy equipment necessary to complete the ordered removal any other way. The couple had also lived in the same spot without problem for over 20 years. The Dupuises reportedly applied for a building permit after purchasing the land and always paid their annual property taxes.
“They wouldn't let me grandfather in the water tank. It is so heart-wrenching because there was a way to salvage this, but they wouldn't work with me. It was, tear it down, period,” Jacqeus Dupuis said.
During one visit by the abatement and enforcement team, Marcella was required to show her identification when agents came onto her property and looked around without a warrant or prior communication about an inspection. When she stepped out of their humble off grid home, she was understandably startled to be met with agents with drawn guns.
A man identified as Kenny moved to Los Angeles's desert region to escape the crime initiated by gang members in his city neighborhood. Kenny restores old cars and had multiple vehicles damaged and vandalized at his old residence. He was living out his dream of a peaceful and crime-free existence until he too began getting letters and visits from L.A. County officials. One of the violation letters he received reportedly stated that an outbuilding did not meet road setback requirements. He moved the building even though it sat off a private street and not a county road.
Alan Kimbel “Kim” Fahey recently lost a battle in Los Angeles Superior Court over his whimsical “Phonehenge” property. Fahey had crafted a rather eclectic home from reclaimed telephone poles. During the criminal case he was told that he did not have the proper permits to build the home and therefore he must tear it down.
“It has a bedroom, bathroom, kitchenette, all that.” Disabled veteran Joey Gallo said when discussing home code violation claims from Los Angeles County zoning officials.
A six-week investigation into the off- grid homes battle by L.A. Weekly revealed that investigators are energetically pursuing “victimless misdemeanors and code violations.” According to the report, the government can deem land that has been used as a homestead for years vacant if the mobile homes and cabins on the property have not been “legally established.”
The land development backroom deal alleged by the off-grid homeowners may have been cavalierly dismissed as a conspiracy theory, but seems to have quite a bit of merit. Most of the self-sufficient homes were built many years ago. Why is there such a push to wipe them out of existence now? Regardless of the reasoning behind the pressure to thwart the off-grid spirit in Los Angeles County, the self-reliant residents should not be treated like criminals or forced to use all of their savings to fight to maintain their property rights.
If this ultimately proved to be a game of Russian roulette between the Alouettes and S.J. Green, as it appeared for the longest time, the argument could be made the veteran receiver won — after he agreed to a three-year contract and avoided free agency, it was announced Wednesday afternoon.
Yes, the Alouettes blinked first.
But it also could be argued the Canadian Football League team won. The price might have been heavy, but the Als probably couldn't have entered a new season without Green and Duron Carter — who is expected to sign with the NFL's Indianapolis Colts —and hoped to remain the least bit competitive offensively.
“Today, I'm a better football coach than I was yesterday,” Als head coach Tom Higgins proclaimed during a news conference at a downtown hotel. “I wasn't concerned we were going to lose two receivers. I truly believed — and I'm the eternal optimist — that S.J. was going to be a Montreal Alouette.”
And Green, 29, will be a rich Alouette, becoming the highest-paid non-quarterback in the league.
It's believed Green will receive in the vicinity of $250,000 annually, various sources have told the Montreal Gazette. That total would include a base salary and signing bonus divided fairly evenly. Saskatchewan's Chris Getzlaf had been the league's highest-paid receiver, earning about $225,000, while Toronto's Chad Owens is paid $205,000, according to sources.
Als general manager Jim Popp had claimed his offer to Green, which expired Dec. 31, would have made the player the CFL's best-paid receiver. But in an exclusive interview with the Montreal Gazette on Jan. 12, Green disputed that assertion, saying it “depends on how you analyze the terms of the contract.”
Popp didn't attend the news conference and couldn't be reached for comment.
“I got what I wanted. There was a number put on the table prior to Dec. 31. When it came down to it, Jim called and said: ‘We're going to give you what you asked for.' At that point, ultimately, this is where I wanted to be. At that point, it wasn't worth me waiting it out. I'm getting what I wanted at the end of the day,” Green said.
On the surface, it certainly appears Green had the organization over a barrel with the Als knowing Carter's departure is imminent. The acquisition of Fred Stamps in a trade from Edmonton will help, but Stamps is 33 and teams would have concentrated on him had Green opted for free agency. Now the Als can boast dual threats.
If Green held the Als hostage, as it appears, he vehemently denied it. “I could have played the game, the middleman game, going back and forth between teams or trying to make my offer go up,” he said.
“It gets to a certain point where you hit the mark, it becomes greed at one point. Greed's a sin. I don't want to be associated with being greedy. It's not worth me continuing to look for employment elsewhere,” Green added. “I signed a contract bigger than I've ever had before. I got a signing bonus bigger than I've ever had before.”
Green, who could have tested the free-agent market starting Feb. 10, probably would have received a substantial offer from Ottawa. But would he have wanted to hitch his wagon to an expansion team that won two games last season? Hamilton, too, would have kicked the tires, but the Tiger-Cats have Andy Fantuz. Toronto would have reunited Green with head coach Scott Milanovich, but the Argonauts have Owens and Andre Durie. Saskatchewan is trying to re-sign Weston Dressler. Winnipeg paid Nick Moore big bucks last season. And there's no room for Green in Calgary or British Columbia, it seems.
Instead Green, who turned pro with the Als in 2007, appears destined to retire with the only CFL team he has known.
A 6-foot-3 and 220-pounder, Green has set the bar high. For three consecutive years starting in 2011, he produced seasons of more than 1,100 yards. He caught 87 passes in 2011 and was named a league all-star two years later, when he had career-high totals of 1,197 yards and 13 touchdowns.
But he was overshadowed by Carter last season, with Green held to modest totals — by his standards — of 53 catches for 835 yards and four touchdowns. Nonetheless, Green excelled in two playoff games, combining to make 13 receptions for 221 yards and four scores, proving he hadn't lost his touch. And with the new contract will come conditions and expectations.
“No question, when we were 1-7 we had no good players on that team. We struggled in every phase of the game. It wasn't only him that struggled. We all did,” Higgins said. “I think he can get back to (his standard) because we're going to come in with an offensive system, a quarterback, with coaches that understand what S.J. and the quarterback can do. And what we can do offensively.
“This is a good step. It leads us to feel we can start where we finished, not where we started.”
hzurkowsky@montrealgazette.com
twitter.com/HerbZurkowsky1
HOLLYWOOD, CA—Columbia Pictures president Doug Belgrad admitted Monday that the decades-old Israeli-Palestinian conflict was merely a promotional gimmick for the 2008 Adam Sandler vehicle You Don't Mess With The Zohan that spun a little out of control. "They knew a comedy this big was going to need a big marketing hook, so back in '47, our guys called some people at the U.N., and next thing you know we had ourselves an ethnic conflict that turned into a nice little return at the box office," Belgrad told reporters, adding that the comedy about an Israeli Mossad agent who fakes his own death to become a hairdresser in New York cost $90 million and several thousand lives. "In retrospect, we should have maybe dialed back on the Six-Day War, but we needed somewhere to anchor that Fizzy Bubbeleh joke. You can't buy press like that." Belgrad added that the film's highly anticipated sequel will involve Iran.
Like the St. Georges, a number of elite hotels in Africa are remnants of the colonial past and have played roles in their country's evolutions. European colonial powers were compelled to build hotels to match the standards that travelers were used to back in London, Paris or Lisbon. Consequently, they built grandiose hotels that few African states can match today. In poorer African nations, international travelers seeking the same amenities they expect elsewhere (clean showers, air conditioning and other perks) sometimes find them lacking. The relative shortage of such spaces encourages elite actors to share those that are available.
Heads of state often frequent the world's elite hotels on official trips, and some leaders come to favor certain destinations. Several French-speaking African presidents make recurring and long-term trips to Paris, the former colonial metropole to have meetings with French leaders or members of their respective diaspora. Some leaders frequented specific hotels so often that they become synonymous with the establishment. Longtime President of Gabon and dean of France's close heads of state in Africa Omar Bongo preferred to stay at the luxurious Le Meurice hotel in Paris. As Antoine Glaser noted in his book AfricaFrance, Bongo would hold court in Le Meurice, receiving visitors from across the French political spectrum, dispensing advice on domestic politics and, reportedly, handing envelopes of cash to French politicians to ensure their favor.
Another Francophone leader preferred a Swiss retreat. By late 2016, Cameroonian President Paul Biya, age 83 and in office since 1982, had spent so much time at the Hotel Intercontinental in Geneva that a group of dissidents staged protests outside of the hotel to embarrass him. In time, the president and his large delegation retreated from the Intercontinental — which had essentially become an additional Cameroonian presidential palace during Biya's increasingly lengthy foreign trips abroad — and decamped to a private residence located farther away from prying eyes.
A Fresh Towel, Whatever the Cost
The Hotel Intercontinental in Kinshasa, the capital of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, was built in the early 1970s after a decree by President Mobutu Sese Seko. As the lone five-star hotel in Zaire, as the country was then known, it was the prime destination for VIP guests. Boxing legends Muhammad Ali and George Foreman stayed there as they prepared for their "Rumble in the Jungle" bout. It also housed foreign pilots who flew supplies to the U.S.-backed National Union for the Total Independence of Angola (UNITA) troops in Angola who were battling the Soviet-backed Popular Movement for the Liberation of Angola (MPLA) for control of the former Portuguese colony. The hotel, which stands in the Gombe district that houses government ministries and ambassadorial residences, once epitomized the vigor of Mobutu's early reign (his massive portrait hung prominently behind the main desk). As Michela Wrong documented in In the Footsteps of Mr. Kurtz, the hotel was a bastion for the mouvanciers — those backing Mobutu's presidency — and a danger spot for the country's political opposition. (The hotel was known to eavesdrop on telephone conversations and served as an interrogation site for at least one unlucky prisoner.)
As Zaire saw a reversal in its fortunes — especially with the end of the Cold War and the decline of U.S. patronage — the hotel's fortunes began to decline to match those of the aging Mobutu's sclerotic leadership. Eventually, the country's elite presidential guard, the Special Presidential Division, was sent in to safeguard the increasingly decrepit establishment from the rounds of looting that erupted as Mobutu lost control of the country.
Even a hotel not steeped in luxury can become the center of importance given the right circumstances, say a strategic location in a war zone. The Holiday Inn in Sarajevo, the capital of Bosnia-Herzegovina, became the epicenter of international media coverage during the conflict in the former Yugoslavia in the early 1990s. Journalists documenting the siege of Sarajevo by Serbian forces (the longest siege of a capital city in modern history) made the Holiday Inn their home for months at a time.
The hotel had been built as the city prepared to play host to the 1984 Winter Olympics. A few years after the games ended, Yugoslavia began to splinter along ethnic lines and descended into violence. The Holiday Inn offered neutral ground where the conflict's warring political parties could meet. As fighting intensified, the hotel, which was situated along what came to be known as Sarajevo's "Sniper's Alley," became less of a place of power and more of a place of survival as the siege dragged on for 1,425 days. International journalists covering the conflict brought with them the hard currency the hotel's managers relied on to tap the city's black market to maintain the hotel's comforts as best as they could. Those efforts allowed the war's combatants and observers to both engage with each other and disengage from the conflict outside its walls.
1. I used to be one of those exhausting people that kept up with music blogs and checked out new bands, and then I got a life. However, the new records from Puberty 2 is beautiful, funny and sad, while Car Seat Headrests's Teens of Denial is more detached and ironic. If you're not into sad person indie rock, I also am loving this song from Tinashe. The video is so fun! 1. I used to be one of those exhausting people that kept up with music blogs and checked out new bands, and then I got a life. However, the new records from Mitski and Car Seat Headrest are both pretty good. Mitski'sPuberty 2is beautiful, funny and sad, while Car Seat Headrests'sTeens of Denialis more detached and ironic. If you're not into sad person indie rock, I also am loving this song from Tinashe. The video is so fun!
2. Something that's helped me a lot when I've been feeling low is cooking, particularly baking. This day's . 2. Something that's helped me a lot when I've been feeling low is cooking, particularly baking. This Chocolate and Peanut Butter Cake recipe from Smitten Kitchen looks complicated but honestly it's not, and also it's delicious. And after you finish making it you either get to share it with friends, or have a whole cake all to yourself fordays
Advertisement
3. That recent rumor that Haruki Murakami died really fucked me up for a minute. Thank goodness the man is functionally immortal! I've gotten back into reading for pleasure, and his Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World was just as good as everyone always said. Next up for me is 1Q84 but geeze, that book is big enough to stun a burgler! 3. That recent rumor that Haruki Murakami died really fucked me up for a minute. Thank goodness the man is functionally immortal! I've gotten back into reading for pleasure, and hiswas just as good as everyone always said. Next up for me is1Q84but geeze, that book is big enough to stun a burgler!
Or: you can just play a videogame. No one's stopping you! Have a wonderful Saturday.
K.C. JOHNSON: Campus kangaroo courts: How Betsy DeVos could take action with regard to Title IX.
Last week, Department of Education secretary Betsy DeVos did something extraordinary: after meeting with students who said that they were sexually assaulted in college, she spoke with seven others who claimed that their institutions had found them guilty of sexual assaults that they did not commit. She also met with a group of lawyers and education administrators, including two attorneys who have represented students accused of sexual assault in subsequent lawsuits against their colleges.
Hearing both sides of a controversial issue would seem routine for any policymaker, but that hasn't been the case for campus sexual assault. Catherine Lhamon, who headed the Education Department's Office for Civil Rights (OCR) in the Obama administration, refused to meet with groups advocating on behalf of accused students. She even initially declined, in writing, to confer with representatives from FIRE, the nation's preeminent campus civil-liberties organization. Lhamon's approach reflected the Obama administration's strategy of redefining Title IX—the federal law banning sex discrimination in schools that receive federal funds—without soliciting public feedback. The administration made two important policy changes—one in 2011, the other in 2014—not as regulations, which require public notice and comment, but as “guidance” documents. Then, when asked whether the Education Department expected colleges to follow blindly the documents' demands as if they were regulations, Lhamon said yes. . . .
George Mason University law professor David Bernstein recently noted that, despite the Obama administration's reading of the statute, “Title IX itself doesn't actually speak to specific procedural protections.” More broadly, according to Bernstein, it requires an “aggressive interpretation of Title IX to think it speaks to student-on-student sexual assault at all.” (The interpretation, which made sexual assaults the only felonies that colleges are legally required to adjudicate, dates from a Clinton-era OCR regulation.) But it has become an article of faith among accusers'-rights organizations—joined by Democratic and even some Republican legislators—that any shift in the Obama policies would suggest tolerance of campus rape.
House members who purport to worry about civil liberties in all other contexts fault DeVos for talking not only to advocates of campus accusers but also to advocates for the accused.
While doing some spring cleaning around my hard disk, I found a little Haskell program I wrote several years ago in an attempt to learn the basics of music theory. Now, I'm not a pro at writing Haskell, and I know even less about music theory, but I'm hoping that what I wrote down back then is a bit accurate. The program seems to summarize the basics quite consisely: by just having a glance at the program, I'm rediscovering some things I totally forgot about scales and chords.
For example, this is what it says about the sus4 chord:
chordNotes Five = [(ScaleNote Major 1), (ScaleNote Major 5)] chordNotes Sus4 = (chordNotes Five) ++ [(ScaleNote Major 4)]
So, sus4 is a power (5) chord (consisting of the first and the fifth of the major scale), added with the 4th note of the major scale. So, for Esus4, the program tells me:
Main> scale2notes $ Scale (read "E") Major [E,F#,G#,A,B,C#,D#] Main> chord2notes $ Chord (read "E") Sus4 [E,A,B]
Something else I forgot is:
intervals Ionian = [2,2,1,2,2,2,1] intervals Major = Ionian intervals scale = shift (intervals Ionian) (rank scale) where rank ...
So, every scale is really a shift of the major (well, any) scale, which is actually called the Ionian scale.
This program might come in handy as a summary of music theory in case I forget these things again :)
December 2, 2013
A SPECIAL meeting of Toronto City Council convened on November 18 to deal with the city's "Ford problem" was the most bizarre chapter to that point in the scandal surrounding Mayor Rob Ford.
The meeting was convened by city councilors to adopt measures to reduce the power and financing of the mayor's office. The council majority has supported Ford in office, but the man has become a liability for business interests in the city. They need to rein him in.
The Toronto City Council doesn't have the power to remove Ford. But it does have the discretion of asking the province to do so. However, concern over a pro-Ford, right-wing political backlash as well as the fact that many city councilors support Ford's austerity and anti-working-class police prevent the council from turning to the province. In an editorial, the liberal editors of the Toronto Star also resigned themselves to Ford's continued occupation of the mayor's chair.
The special city council meeting was mission accomplished--for all intents and purposes, a deputy mayor will now head the city. But the corralling of the mayor was accomplished at the price of enduring another embarrassing, bruising confrontation with Ford, his city councilor brother, Doug, and their supporters in the visitors' gallery.
Rob Ford (West Annex News)
The circus that day was described well by Postmedia's Christie Blatchford. Toronto Star columnist Royson James also described some of the proceedings. Here is a flavor of the day as James described it:
With his brother, Councilor Doug Ford, playing Terminator to the mayor's Rambo, the fearsome twosome give every evidence that local politics could deteriorate from weeks of comedy to months of tragedy. Over the past few rancorous days, the Brothers Ford teamed up to try to intimidate councilors as they voted on sanctions against the mayor. They have threatened to disrupt council, filibustering on issues to shut down city business, and given every indication that the mayor won't shrink away and seek help for suspected drug and alcohol addiction. On Monday, while councilors debated the motion stripping Ford of his powers, the mayor walked over to the crammed public gallery and taunted citizens. The act created a ruckus and Speaker Frances Nunziata recessed the meeting. This, in turn, aggravated the exchange. Citizens started chanting, "Shame, shame, shame." The mayor's brother joined the fray and it deteriorated into an ugly confrontation. "You are a disgrace," one citizen shouted. "How do you know Anthony Smith, you're lying scumbag," another shouted, referring to the man captured in a posed photo with the mayor in front of a residence police describe as a crack house. Smith was later slain in a downtown gun attack. "You are the scumbag, you little punk," Doug Ford shot back. And on and on it went...
The mayor told the meeting that its measures to restrict his powers are akin to Iraq's invasion of Kuwait in 1991. "You have just attacked Kuwait," he said. "This means war" in the 2014 mayoral election, he declared.
The Ford clan is unfazed by all that has taken place since revelations began pouring out earlier this year of the mayor's substance abuse, his associations with criminals, and his personal conduct that would arguably have a normal citizen facing criminal charges. But the has clan made clear that it is charging ahead with future political plans, however dodgy such prospects might appear today.
MAINSTREAM MEDIA commentators and many capitalist politicians are appalled by the ongoing spectacle in Toronto and the besmirching of the image of the city. Columns by Postmedia's Andrew Coyne and the Globe and Mail's Jeffrey Simpson summarize well the dismay. The Fords' conduct is beginning to worry business interests in tourism, information technology, professional sports and elsewhere that their bottom lines may begin to suffer.
The federal government is unmoved by the spectacle and is staying out of the fray. Prime Minister Stephen Harper and his cabinet colleagues from Ontario were strong backers of Ford in the 2010 municipal election that placed him in office.[1] The mayor returned the favor by campaigning for them in the 2011 federal election that delivered a Conservative majority government.
As the debacle worsens, though, there is an apparent paradox in which much of the discredited mayor's electoral support appears to be holding up.
The rightist Ford says he stands for the "common man," against the rich. He recently told Fox News, "There's more poor people in this country than there are rich, and I stick up for the poor people."
He couples that with rote repetition of the austerity mantra of successive Liberal and Conservative governments in Ottawa. The mantra and the policies have reached new lows under Stephen Harper's Conservatives. Ford told his one and only episode of Ford Nation on SUN News television, "Am I perfect? I'm not perfect. But I'll tell you what I am perfect at--watching taxpayers' money, creating jobs, stimulating the economy."
LIKE THE Tea Party et al south of the border, the Ford clan in Toronto is an instrument of the decades-long, now, capitalist offensive against the working class and society as a whole. A key policy of that offensive has been government austerity (see a November 4 article in Rabble.ca on Ford's policies by writer Jesse McLaren).
Austerity wins support from some sections of the working class and middle classes out of ignorance and the erosion of social solidarity. All this is fueled by growing economic precariousness, perceived material stake in the system through such mechanisms as home ownership and stock market-based pension plans, and by the failure of the existing parties and social organizations of the working class to challenge the policies and ideological underpinnings of austerity.
Ipsos Public Affairs recently combed through voting and polling results in Toronto, and it conducted a poll from November 7 to 11. Senior Vice President of Ipsos John Wright described to the Toronto Star what the company learned: Rob Ford is most popular in the boroughs of York and East York, where 30 percent of voters say they'd support him. Next comes Scarborough, with 27 percent, and North York, with 22 percent. These are among the poorest districts in Toronto.
The poll revealed that citywide, depending on the lineup of candidates, Ford would win 20 to 25 percent of the vote if he runs for mayor next year. Another recent poll, by the Toronto Sun, has him at more than 30 percent in a future election.
The Star report further explains:
Wright says the hard-core supporters of Ford are predominantly people with lower-income and lower education levels. Some 44 percent of respondents who don't have a high school diploma support Ford, while only 17 percent of those with university degrees do. People who make less than $40,000 per year are twice as likely to be part of Ford Nation than those who make $100,000 or more, according to his tables. Ford Nation is also slightly more concentrated in the young and the old. Some 22 percent of respondents aged 18-34 still support Ford, as do 24 percent of those over 55. Only 20 percent of voters in the 35-44 age bracket support Ford... Wright says Ford won election by combining his Ford Nation voters with higher-income and better educated people, a group he's now "lost completely."
According to Postmedia's Michael Den Tandt, 'Ford Nation' is an evolving "chimera" that may still have political legs. He goes on to explain:
Over the past three decades, people living in the populous, fast-growing hinterland of the Greater Toronto Area[2] have gotten poorer. J. David Hulchanski, a professor at the University of Toronto's Centre for Urban and Community Studies, quantifies this in a report called "The Three Cities Within Toronto," which he based on federal census data to 2006. Hulchanski found that between 1970 and 2005, the proportion of Toronto's middle-income neighborhoods (which he defines as having incomes less than 20 percent above or below the metropolitan average) shrank from 66 percent to 29 percent in 2005. The proportion of high-income areas--20 percent or more above average--grew marginally, to 19 percent from 15 percent. The number of low-income neighborhoods, with incomes more than 20 percent below average, grew to 53 percent, from 19 percent. The growth in the third category is astonishing. These areas are overwhelmingly in the GTA's vast northeastern and northwestern corners, where Rob Ford enjoys his strongest support.
JUST TO be clear, austerity has its strongest support from the well-to-do classes. In Toronto, they have no shortage of mayoral candidates to whom they can now switch their political allegiances. The Globe's Jeffrey Simpson describes what he estimates as a 30 percent hard-core Conservative Party support in Canada.
He says, "For them, public policy is almost exclusively about paying lower and lower taxes, while, of course, demanding the same level of services. As long as their leaders deliver on that promise, or keep talking about delivering even if they don't, this is the prism through which all is judged." (Actually, Simpson's 30 percent figure is a tad misleading; the Conservatives are supported by just 20 percent of the adult population. [3])
An aspect of the Ford story that has received little comment is the science-and-facts-be-gone political context in which the Conservatives and the Fords operate. By any social or environmental measure, globalization and austerity policies have failed massively to meet human needs. But brute force and ideological and political obfuscation keep them alive and well. Rational observation and measure of outcomes does not figure in.
This political context is further polluted with the prevailing, anti-scientific and anti-social climate policies of big business and big government. Canadians are now bombarded with advertising and government messages saying that the country's climate-destroying fossil fuel industry is a big success story, including in "protecting" the environment.
The image of a poor, boorish, uneducated and socially uncaring base of support for the Ford clan will gain traction as the Fords persist. It is inaccurate and politically dangerous. It should be challenged. The best way to do that is to challenge the policies that underlie the Ford phenomenon and which tie it closely to the globalization, austerity-promoting and climate-wrecking federal government.
1. See these two articles on the ties between the federal Tories and the Ford administration in Toronto: Rob Ford enablers: The strategists, by Andrew Coyne, columnist, Postmedia, November 16, 2013; and PM Harper has hug-a-thug program for the mayor of Toronto, by Tim Harper, columnist, Toronto Star, Nov 18, 2013.
2. In 1998, a right-wing government in Ontario amalgamated the city and boroughs of metropolitan Toronto to create a much larger City of Toronto. Previously, the city center and each borough had their own municipal council, and they also sat on a metropolitan council that oversaw transit and other citywide services.
3. Simpson is referring to "registered voters." According to a check of population by age figures and 2011 voter registrations figures, about 9 percent of Canada's adult population does not register to vote. Taking unregistered votes as well as registered voters who do not vote into account, Conservative support in the 2011 election was 21 percent of the adult population (18 and older). Sixty one percent of registered voters cast a ballot. The last federal election to have a greater-than-70 percent registered voter turnout was 1992, at 72 percent.
First published at the Vancouver Observer.
Private spaceflight company Blue Origin, helmed by Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, says it has landed its main rocket, New Shepard, back on Earth after launch. That would make it the first rocket ever to have gently landed and remained intact after taking off into space. It also means that Blue Origin has beaten SpaceX in the race to make the first reusable rocket; the Elon Musk-led space venture has been trying to soft-land its main rocket, the Falcon 9, for the past year.
To commemorate the landing, Bezos tweeted for the first time since setting up his Twitter account seven years ago.
The rarest of beasts - a used rocket. Controlled landing not easy, but done right, can look easy. Check out video: https://t.co/9OypFoxZk3 — Jeff Bezos (@JeffBezos) November 24, 2015
Currently, all rockets that launch into space are either destroyed or abandoned post-takeoff. It's a design that significantly raises the cost of spaceflight, because an entirely new rocket must be built for each subsequent launch. Imagine having to rebuild every 747 after it flies from New York to Los Angeles. Private spaceflight companies have been looking for ways to save parts of their rockets after blasting off so that they can use them again, lowering their manufacturing costs. However, no one has managed to make it work just yet — until now.
Currently, all rockets that launch into space are either destroyed or unrecovered post-takeoff
Blue Origin made the announcement early this morning, with the release of a highly stylized video showing the rocket's test flight. The video comes off like an intense Hollywood action film, incorporating actual footage and CGI to depict the vehicle in space. It shows New Shepard as it climbs to an altitude of 329,839 feet — or sub-orbital space — which is where the vehicle's crew capsule detaches. If people had been onboard the capsule, they would have experienced four minutes of weightlessness before falling back to Earth. The crew capsule is designed to land any future passengers safely using a series of parachutes.
But the rocket's main fuselage, which houses most of the fuel and the rocket's engines, is designed to make a different type of soft landing. New Shepard uses a technique known as a propulsive landing, which involves reigniting the rocket's engines as the vehicle falls back down to Earth. The engines are used to control the rocket's descent, helping to slow it down and keep the vehicle upright so that it lands on the ground vertically. It's similar to how SpaceX wants to land its Falcon 9 rocket, though the company wants to vertically land on an autonomous drone spaceport in the ocean.
However, it looks like there are no hard feelings between the companies:
Congrats to Jeff Bezos and the BO team for achieving VTOL on their booster — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) November 24, 2015
Though, Musk did immediately deliver some rocket shade following the announcement, noting there is a clear difference between the Falcon 9 and New Shepard.
It is, however, important to clear up the difference between "space" and "orbit", as described well by https://t.co/7PD42m37fZ — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) November 24, 2015
The Falcon 9 is designed to deliver payloads into lower Earth orbit, whereas the New Shepard only takes passengers into sub-orbital space. Objects in sub-orbit are still in space, but they cannot make a full orbit around Earth and will eventually fall back to the surface.
Getting to space needs ~Mach 3, but GTO orbit requires ~Mach 30. The energy needed is the square, i.e. 9 units for space and 900 for orbit. — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) November 24, 2015
Update November 24th, 8:07AM: This article was updated to include a tweet from Jeff Bezos.
On the heels of the recently revamped 2018 Ford F-150 comes theall-new 2019 Chevrolet Silverado 1500. Wearing buff new bodywork and sitting on a completely redesigned frame, the latest Silverado promises to be lighter and more capable than its predecessor.
Unlike the F-150, which uses aluminum bodywork to trim pounds, the 2019 Silverado 1500 cuts weight by way of mixed materials. Chevrolet specifically noted that the new truck uses higher-strength steel in its bed as a means of shedding mass.
As with the current Silverado 1500, the 2019 model will be offered in several trims. Buyers will also have a handful of powertrain options to choose from. While Chevrolet is keeping its lips sealed on specific powertrain details until the truck's public reveal at the Detroit auto show in January, we expect a small-block V-8 to remain a staple of the Silverado 1500 lineup, although at least one downsized, turbocharged offering will likely be added to assuage the fuel-economy gods.
Nevertheless, the bow-tie brand was happy to share preliminary details about the Silverado 1500 LT Trailboss. Seemingly targeted at the Ram 1500 Rebel, this new Trailboss variant—Chevy said this is one of eight trims on offer for the 2019 Silverado pickup—takes the equipment found in the Z71 off-road package and turns things up a notch by lifting the truck an additional two inches.
With its knobby tires and angry-looking maw, the aggressive 2019 Silverado 1500 LT Trailboss gives us our first glimpse of the bodywork that will define the brand's bread-and-butter truck, which now incorporates flowing lines over its wheel arches and body sides, sports a set of thin and aggressive headlights, and wears attractive scalloped taillamps. While beauty is in the eye of the beholder, the 2019 Chevrolet Silverado 1500's bodywork is far more distinctive than its boxy forebear's.
Look for more information about the 2019 Chevrolet Silverado 1500 to be added to this space after the model's public unveiling at the Detroit auto show.
After a post-Wizards of Waverly Place Rumspringa that included a rehab stint, a painfully extended relationship with the world's whitest butt, and a very naughty spring break, Selena Gomez is seriously focusing on her career. And like any 22-year-old who wants to make millions of dollars by layering her fake orgasm noise over a techno beat, Gomez must first be reduced to a number on a 1-to-10 hotness scale.
During a recent appearance on AMP Radio's TJ Show, Gomez was inexplicably asked to rank herself on the attractiveness spectrum. Presumably, this gross focus on Gomez's looks was an apology to listeners who had to endure an entire segment of listening to a young woman's thoughts and feelings, robbed of the opportunity to be distracted by her shiny hair and Hollywood bod. Gomez diligently responded, “I would say, like, [on] a premiere day, I would be a good 9. And then on my every day I feel like a 6. Gosh that sounds so bad. I feel like a 6 or a 7.”
Gomez's answer is the sort of poignant Hollywood moment that makes you sadder and sadder the more that you sit with it—like an Amy Winehouse song, or an Amanda Bynes tweet. Picture Gomez, an excited young actress-singer, sitting down for an interview that she assumes will consist of substantive questions worthy of a multi-hyphenate. Instead, Gomez must resign herself to telling the world that she thinks she's kind of pretty. It's the equivalent of a majestic lion being captured and shipped off to a zoo, where its purpose in life becomes sleeping, pooping, and posing for selfies. This line of questioning doesn't just dumb Gomez down, reducing her to a talking number in stilettos; it also reinforces the notion that the bodies of female celebrities are public property. Gomez doesn't stop to ask why her hotness, self-rated or otherwise, is at all pertinent to her burgeoning career. That's because Gomez, like any Hollywood starlet, has had her appearance publicly monitored long before most of her peers opened their first MySpace accounts.
Body policing and shaming might be a national pastime but Hollywood is the big leagues. A show business veteran like Gomez knows that appearance is everything—but her interviewer's question has the added effect of telling young Gomez fans that every woman is only the sum of her number. Because if there's one thing that young girls need, it is to be reminded that looks are everything and even glamorous, successful female celebrities feel like unworthy, chunky balls of unfuckability without a full hair and makeup team.
Obviously, if Selena Gomez feels like a 6, we should all just kill ourselves. If you needed an extra push toward the Tylenol (or the plastic surgeon), just remember that people have been calling Selena Gomez fat for months. No, seriously. Back in March, Gomez was linked to famous sound-maker Zedd. In a pseudo-celebratory article, Hollywood Life praised Zedd's rumored acceptance of Gomez's “curvier” body, proclaiming, “Beauty comes in all shapes and sizes,” and claiming that Zedd “is obsessed” with his girlfriend's 10-pound weight gain. To recap, this online bastion of body positivity is claiming that Selena Gomez, a tiny woman who now looks like a tiny woman who swallowed an apple, is an emblem of weight tolerance in Hollywood. Sure, “beauty comes in all shapes and sizes,” but are we honestly supposed to believe that Selena Gomez's body type is on the thicker, more “curvaceous” end of that spectrum of acceptable beauty? Furthermore, are we being asked to applaud Zedd as some sort of knight in shining armor for actually being attracted to a woman who, despite being about five units of Zedd thinner than the average American woman, looks like she might have eaten something solid in the past year? Yes, yes we are.
In April, Gomez posted a series of bikini pics while vacationing in Mexico with her gal pals. Naturally, gossip sites felt the need to comment on Gomez's aforementioned 10-pound weight gain, under the guise of tearing down “haters” who fat-shamed Gomez in her Instagram comments. Because online trolls dissecting 22-year-old women's bodies aren't just normalized, they're also newsworthy. Citing Gomez's “great figure” and “best assets” failed to distract from the fact that grown-up columnists were doing pro bono work as Selena Gomez's personal weight watchers. The totally supportive, 100 percent-loving media scrutiny of Gomez's bikini body inspired the star to post another swimsuit shot, captioned, “I love being happy with me y'all #theresmoretolove.”
Lil' Actress Abigail Breslin also came to Gomez's “defense,” publishing a Tumblr post in which she asked, “How are young girls supposed to grow up normally and not feel bad about themselves and not develop eating disorders if it's literally national headline news that a THIN girl may or may not have put on a few pounds, and YET still remains THIN?” With that one question, Breslin offered a more substantive commentary on female celebrity culture than the entirety of E! Online. Later in April, Gomez herself feuded with one of the aforementioned haters on her Instagram page, calling a troll “disgusting” for ordering the star to stop eating junk food and start working out. She continued, “I'M IN the business and I could care less about what ‘they' or you say I should look like. I don't need to do anything other than love myself, take care of my work, fans, family and friends.”
Gomez and Breslin's defiance (and not so subtle subtweets) aside, the fact that there was any sort of scandal at all is probably disheartening to any Gomez fan who weighs in at over 110 pounds. The twisted moral of the story is clear: In Hollywood, 10 pounds equals “curves”—and celebrating a young starlet's “curves” only brings more attention to the fact that anything other than anorexia deviates from the accepted celebrity norm.
Despite Gomez's commendable desire to ignore dysmorphic standards of beauty, the “hotness rating” fiasco reiterates how hard it is for a female star to transcend demeaning celebrity coverage. Gomez's overly modest response was equally telling. If Gomez had, god forbid, pronounced herself a perfect 10, she would've likely elicited a Mean Girls-style chorus of “So you agree…you think you're really pretty?” As lovely as it would be to hear a young woman act like she's genuinely in love with her body, admitting you're a goddess simply isn't good PR. So in addition to avoiding 10 extra pounds like the plague, female celebrities are expected to be modest and approachable—sexy vixen meets girl-next-door. We're supposed to tell 'em “I woke up like this”: with sun-kissed highlights, a flat stomach, a compliant attitude, and absolutely no appetite. Unfortunately, no face, no matter how clownishly contoured, and no body, no matter how unnaturally thin, will ever stop interviewers from taking time out of a young starlet's busy day to ask her how hot she thinks she is. But don't worry too much about your answer, ladies—your opinions aren't as important as your “curves.”
Nvidia recently announced the Tegra X1 , a brand new and powerful processor that comes to succeed last year's Tegra K1. As we already told you, the Tegra X1 seems to be the most advanced SoC for mobile applications ever made, though it's unlikely that we'll see it in too many mobile devices like tablets and smartphones. According to Fudzilla, one of the tablets that should be powered by the X1 will be Nvidia's own successor to the Shield Tablet (which was launched last year for prices starting at $299).The new Shield Tablet could be announced on March 17, or earlier. There aren't any details regarding its features (besides the inclusion of the Tegra X1 chipset), but Nvidia might want to keep the 8-inch form factor of the original Shield - since this has proven to be quite successful. The original Shield already received its Android 5.0 Lollipop update, so it makes sense for the new one to ship with Lollipop on board.The Tegra X1 processor comes with eight 64-bit CPU cores (4 Cortex-A57, and 4 Cortex-A53 cores), and a 256-core Maxwell GPU, which should make the upcoming Shield Tablet a beastly device. We'll bring more on this as soon as new info arrives.source: Fudzilla
In Alabama, 71 percent of Republicans say they believe the allegations against Roy Moore are fabricated. In Washington, President Donald Trump believes he “won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally” (he didn't), that he had “the biggest Electoral College win since Ronald Reagan” (nope), that his inauguration crowds were the largest ever (they weren't), and that virtually any information he dislikes is “FAKE NEWS!”
It's comforting to imagine this denialism as a particular affliction of the Trumpist factions of the modern GOP. It isn't. It's present even in the most sober, credible, and respected corners of the Republican Party. It predates Trump and Moore, and it arguably led to their rise.
The battle over tax reform has been a particularly stunning example. Republicans in the House and Senate have passed bills that will add a trillion dollars or more to the debt, and they simply pretend otherwise, despite mountains of evidence (and common sense) to the contrary. The debate shows that the most established of establishment Republicans are just as resistant to unpleasant information, just as happy to live in fantasy worlds of their own concoction, just as likely to wave away overwhelming evidence as partisan fabrication.
That the GOP tax bills will add to the debt is not a controversial, or even arguable, conclusion. The proposals have been assessed by the right-wing Tax Foundation, the centrist Tax Policy Center, the respected Penn Wharton Budget Model, and even Congress's internal referee, the Joint Committee on Taxation. A number of these estimates were so-called “dynamic scores” — the Republican gold standard for tax analysis, which takes into account the possible growth from tax changes and the new revenues that growth can create.
Every single one of these estimates concluded that the GOP's tax plan would add $1 trillion or more to the debt over the next decade. “Tax cuts do not pay for themselves — they do not even come close to paying for themselves,” wrote the nonpartisan Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget in a meta-analysis of the various estimates. A survey of 42 top economists failed to find a single one who believed the tax cuts wouldn't add to the national debt.
Republican leaders insist their tax cuts will pay for themselves, despite all evidence to the contrary
Top Republicans could have accepted these numbers, and said that it was worth adding a trillion dollars or more to the deficit to pass their tax cuts. Or they could have gone back to the drawing board and changed their bill so it really was revenue-neutral, as they had promised. Instead, they retreated into fantasy.
“We are totally confident this is a revenue-neutral bill and probably a revenue producer,” Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell told Face the Nation.
“I'm telling you that's what I believe will happen,” House Speaker Paul Ryan told NPR, when asked if the tax cuts would pay for themselves.
Even Sen. Susan Collins, the most moderate Republican in Congress, got in on the act. “Economic growth produces more revenue and that will help to offset this tax cut and actually lower the debt,” she said on Meet the Press.
It's important to be clear on this point: Top Republicans said all this despite the absence of any estimate showing their tax cut would pay for itself, or come anywhere close. They said this even though estimates from conservative organizations and their own budget scorekeeper said otherwise.
It gets worse. Congressional Republicans went so far as to try to discredit the Joint Committee on Taxation after it released its analysis. As Jim Tankersley reported at the New York Times:
Public statements and messaging documents obtained by The New York Times show a concerted push by Republican lawmakers to discredit a nonpartisan agency they had long praised. Party leaders circulated two pages of “response points” that declared “the substance, timing and growth assumptions of J.C.T.'s ‘dynamic' score are suspect.” Among their arguments was that the joint committee was using “consistently wrong” growth models to assess the effect the tax cuts would have on hiring, wages and investment.
The GOP's mistrust of the Joint Committee on Taxation is newly held. The House Budget Committee's website used to say, “The people who prepare our cost estimates are the best in the business, and they've been working on this issue for years.” Recently, that page was deleted, though it has since been restored — Republicans say the deletion was accidental.
This, then, is the truth of the establishment Republican Party: It is Donald Trump without the caps lock, Alex Jones in a suit. Compared to the president, McConnell and Ryan are less alarming in their demeanor, less unhinged in their tone, but, when convenient, they are similarly willing to unmoor themselves from reality.
How the establishment GOP paved the way for Trump and Moore
It is tempting to split today's Republican Party into factions, to see Trump as a bizarre aberration, to see his voters as alienated and marginal, to see Roy Moore as an inexplicably Alabaman phenomenon, and to frame establishment Republicans as fundamentally normal politicians suffering through an abnormal moment. This is wrong.
Trump could flourish in the Republican Party precisely because “normal” Republicans like McConnell and Ryan spent years dismissing the facts they didn't like, undermining the institutions and information sources that contradicted them, indulging the conspiracies and falsehoods they found convenient.
Given the Republican Party's years-long campaign against the media, its constant assertions that it is liberal and biased, why is it any surprise so many conservatives are willing to dismiss the allegations against Moore? Given the Republican Party's ongoing denial of information it doesn't like — from climate change science to empirical economic analysis of tax cuts — what is truly so new about Trump's cries of fake news or his administration's insistence on “alternative facts”?
Dave Roberts has written in detail about our “epistemic crisis,” which he traces to “the US conservative movement's rejection of the mainstream institutions devoted to gathering and disseminating knowledge (journalism, science, the academy) — the ones society has appointed as referees in matters of factual dispute.” You see the process in action here. To hold fast to their assertions that tax cuts pay for themselves, Ryan, McConnell, and even Collins have had to ignore the economics profession, all credible journalism on tax policy, and the official judgment of Congress's own analysts. And if they can ignore those institutions, and encourage their supporters to ignore those institutions, why can't Trump and Moore do the same on matters both trivial and profound?
Here is what I want to say: In the end, reality wins. Fact remains when lies wash out. A political party that builds itself atop a foundation made of fantasies will soon collapse. If you pass a bad tax plan, voters notice, and suffer, and they punish you. If you elect a president who lies to the country and to himself, governance suffers, and the country punishes you.
I want to say that, but I am not sure it's true. Policy lags. A tax plan that piles on debt is often forgotten by the time that debt needs to be paid down. The politicians preventing action on global warming today will not be there to pay the price tomorrow. If Moore wins because the allegations against him were disbelieved, it is unlikely the Senate will do anything about it. If Trump misgoverns the country but benefits from a run of good economic luck, he may well be reelected.
In the end, bad policy creates bad outcomes. But the Republican Party has amassed quite a bit of political power in part by exhibiting casual cruelty toward hard truths, and it would be my own form of happy denialism to assert that they will surely pay some future price. The country, however, will.
Environmental protesters are increasingly being treated like criminals and slaughtered when they are defending land from the encroachment of pipelines, mining, and other resource development, says a new report released on Thursday.
This revelation was included in a sweeping report by Global Witness on the state of “environmental defenders” in 2016—a year marked, for example, by ongoing protests of oil and gas pipelines in North America and many other forms of environmental protest around the world.
Criminalizing environmental protesters, the report argues, means people who oppose development projects face “trumped-up and aggressive criminal and civil cases.”
This translates to “silencing dissent,” scaring people, "tarnish[ing] their reputations," and wasting court resources, the report said.
Though the report's authors found criminalization was particularly prevalent in Latin America, they highlight Canada's work on ushering in new anti-terror legislation and noted National Observer reporter Bruce Livesey's coverage of RCMP surveillance of Indigenous and environmental activists.
"In Canada, environmental groups and First Nation Peoples fear new anti-terrorism legislation will be used to step up the surveillance of protesters opposed to oil and mining projects," the report said. "The Canadian media has also reported on several government agencies that are systematically spying on environmental organizations."
The group calls for governments to reform laws “that unjustly target environmental activism and the right to protest,” and urged companies to “stop abusing the judicial process to silence defenders.”
Global Witness also calls on governments to ensure activists “can peacefully voice their opinions without facing arrest, and are guaranteed due process when charges are brought against them.”
Global Witness is an international advocacy organization that bills itself as investigating—and making public—links between resource extraction, conflict, and corruption. The not-for-profit research group is based in London, UK.
The bulk of its new report deals with the slayings of environmental activists.
They found nearly 200 people were murdered all over the world last year in connection to mining, logging, and other extraction efforts, or while protecting national parks.
"Almost 1,000 murders have been recorded by Global Witness since 2010, with many more facing threats, attacks, harassment, stigmatization, surveillance and arrest," the report said. "Clearly governments are failing to protect activists, while a lack of accountability leaves the door open to further attacks. By backing extractive and infrastructure projects imposed on local communities without their consent, governments, companies and investors are complicit in this crisis."
Global Witness reports about 200 land and environmental defenders were killed in 2016. Graphic provided by Global Witness
The research described the mining sector as one of the most dangerous and that 2016 overall was the deadliest year on record since they began monitoring this issue.
“These reports tell a very grim story. The battle to protect the planet is rapidly intensifying and the cost can be counted in human lives,” said Global Witness campaigner Ben Leather in a statement issued alongside the report's release on Thursday.
“More people in more countries are being left with no option but to take a stand against the theft of their land or the trashing of their environment. Too often they are brutally silenced by political and business elites, while the investors that bankroll them do nothing.”
