Since their inception in 1983, CLEVO® laptops have developed a reputation for digital excellence. XOTIC PC offers an extensive selection of custom CLEVO® laptops, and our customization services range from laser etching to full wrap options just for the exterior of your laptop. The options custom build the inside of your laptop are almost endless. This exclusive Sager® laptop selection boasts a wide variety of features you won't want to game without, including matte screen display, customizable keyboards, and so much more. We also offer quick and easy financing options for anyone gaming on a tight budget. Shop from our selection today to find and design the perfect gaming notebook. Every Sager® gaming laptop we carry offers the most advanced technologies at prices that can't be beat. Once you've explored a virtual world, there's no going back. Many of the custom CLEVO® laptops we carry are primed and ready for virtual reality, so you can simply connect your headset and dive headfirst into captivating realism. Many of these CLEVO® laptops also include multi-display capability, so you can explore in breathtaking HD surround. Even our most affordable custom Sager® laptops feature the latest 7th Generation Intel® Core™ processors for more responsive gameplay, so you can finally kiss jitters and lag goodbye. This state-of-the-art processor multitasks and efficiently manages power distribution to reduce heat and mouse input response time. Enjoy faster clock speeds and bandwidth with more RAM, but prepare to be amazed by Optimus™ technology that can easily tackle the demands of new gaming graphics and video editing tools. Ready to up the ante?
Gain the competitive edge with any Sager® gaming laptop that features the latest 8th Generation Intel® Core™ i7 processor. Customers are our priority. If you are unsatisfied with your custom Sager® laptop for any reason, we will accept laptop returns within 15 days and custom gaming laptops within 30 days of the shipping date for a full refund. We charge only a 20% restocking fee for notebooks with laser-etch, paint, or wrap customizations, because a custom gaming PC may require exterior surface replacements. If you have any questions about our Sager® laptop selection or warranties, please contact a member of our customer service team for further assistance.
Home » Guides How to Choose a Dehumidifier Guides How to Choose a Dehumidifier
Excessive moisture is a problem in many homes across the UK. It can lead to unsightly mould, condensation and damp walls – and in some cases can make health conditions such as asthma or allergies worse. If left unresolved, damp can eventually damage clothes or electronics, cause wallpaper to peel and lead to an unpleasant smell. Fortunately, a dehumidifier can often solve damp problems quickly and relatively cheaply.
What Does a Dehumidifier Do?
We often think of the air in our homes as just empty space. This is fine most of the time, but it's not really the case. Just like clouds show there is water in the atmosphere, there's a lot of water – or humidity – in the air of your home.
This humidity comes for a variety of sources. Some of the most common include drying laundry and boiling food. As humidity levels rise, condensation forms on Windows or even walls, which is one of the first signs of excessive humidity.
A dehumidifier's job is to maintain relative humidity levels. It does this be drawing in air and removing moisture, before releasing the air back into the environment. The water then drips into the tank where it can be emptied.
But what exactly is relative humidity?
Technically, relative humidity is how much moisture the air is holding compared to how much it can hold. The reason this is different to “regular” humidity is that the amount of water air can hold changes depending on temperature, with warmer air able to hold more.
This is why condensation forms on Windows. The warmer air inside a home hits the window and cools, which means it can hold less water. If it was already close to saturation, some of the moisture is forced to condense during the cooling process.
The ideal range of relative humidity is around 40-60%. This can vary depending on the time of year, but keeping humidity in this range reduces many of the negative effects. A high-quality dehumidifier can maintain humidity levels in this range throughout your home, garage, boat or other interior.
How do Dehumidifiers Work?
At a basic level, all dehumidifiers follow the same process. They start by pulling in air from the surrounding environment before removing moisture into a tank. The drier air is then pumped back into the room.
There are, however, several methods to extract moisture. The two most common are refrigerant and desiccant.
Desiccant Dehumidifiers . Once air has been pulled into a desiccant dehumidifier, it is passed over a material to absorb moisture. A heater then raises the temperature of the material, causing the water to be collected in the tank below. Click here for a full explanation of desiccant dehumidifiers.
. Once air has been pulled into a desiccant dehumidifier, it is passed over a material to absorb moisture. A heater then raises the temperature of the material, causing the water to be collected in the tank below. Click here for a full explanation of desiccant dehumidifiers. Refrigerant dehumidifiers. Unlike desiccant dehumidifiers, refrigerant models use a compressor to cool coils. Air is then passed over the coils, causing water to condense (like on a window) before dripping into the tank below. Click here for a full explanation of refrigerant dehumidifiers.
We've reviewed excellent dehumidifiers of both types, so there isn't a “best” option. As desiccant dehumidifiers don't use cooled coils, however, they are recommended for cooler environments. Refrigerant dehumidifiers are generally more energy efficient, but are most effective in warmer rooms.
Do I Need a Dehumidifier?
Not every damp or mould problem requires a dehumidifier. In fact, we recommend you try other methods first. If they don't work, a dehumidifier can quickly reduce humidity.
Here are some things to try before buying a dehumidifier:
Ventilation is vital for reducing humidity. Make sure you use extractor fans , especially when cooking or having a shower, and try leaving them on a bit longer. If you don't have a fan, leave the window open in the bathroom for 10-15 minutes after a shower.
, especially when cooking or having a shower, and try leaving them on a bit longer. If you don't have a fan, leave the window open in the bathroom for 10-15 minutes after a shower. Dry your clothes outside or while the windows are open . This isn't always possible, especially if you live in a flat or home without a garden, but wet laundry is one of the biggest sources of moisture in the home.
. This isn't always possible, especially if you live in a flat or home without a garden, but wet laundry is one of the biggest sources of moisture in the home. If you have a tumble dryer, check that the vent is properly working and taking moisture outside.
and taking moisture outside. Leave your bedroom window open for 10-15 minutes each morning. This allows moisture from breathing to escape.
each morning. This allows moisture from breathing to escape. If you're having trouble reducing the humidity in your bathroom, take shorter and colder showers .
. Cover your food while cooking . This stops moisture escaping into the air.
. This stops moisture escaping into the air. If you have a fireplace, dry wood in a shed rather than inside. Fresh firewood can hold a lot of water.
rather than inside. Fresh firewood can hold a lot of water. Check your roof isn't leaking .
. Make sure your washing machine isn't leaking when in use.
These tips can have a surprisingly quick effect on humidity. But if you try them and find that your home is still damp, or the tips aren't applicable to your situation, getting a dehumidifier can be a great option.
Another reason you might need a dehumidifier is if you have a dust mite allergy. Dust mites can't survive with humidity at less than 50%, so keeping humidity below these stops them breeding.
How to Choose a Dehumidifier
If you've decided a dehumidifier is the best option for tackling mould and damp, the next step is choosing the right model. With a variety of options on the market, however, this isn't always easy. Here's an overview of some of the most important considerations.
Your Budget
The majority of dehumidifiers for homes cost around £100-£250. As a general rule, the higher the extraction capacity (how much water a dehumidifier can remove in 24 hours) the more you'll need to pay. We've written a guide to sizing your dehumidifier, but the larger or damper a home the bigger capacity you'll need.
If you want a mid-range dehumidifier that's suitable for medium-size homes, a budget of £150-£200 includes many of the best dehumidifiers. If you have a large home, or want advanced features such as daily timers and digital control panels, you'll probably need to stretch to £200-£250.
Keep in mind that spending more doesn't always mean a higher quality dehumidifier. That's why it's important to read our dehumidifier reviews before you buy.
Type of Dehumidifier
We've talked a lot about the various types of dehumidifier – but which is best for you? Here's a quick overview.
Refrigerant dehumidifier (also known as compressor dehumidifiers) . This is the most common type and works best in warmer conditions. The best refrigerant models are highly energy efficient and fast at extracting water. If you only need a dehumidifier for heated rooms and aren't concerned about noise levels, a refrigerant is probably the best option.
. This is the most common type and works best in warmer conditions. The best refrigerant models are highly energy efficient and fast at extracting water. If you only need a dehumidifier for heated rooms and aren't concerned about noise levels, a refrigerant is probably the best option. Desiccant dehumidifier. These are more effective in cooler conditions than refrigerant. They are also quieter and lighter as they don't include a compressor or coils. For these reasons, desiccant models are recommended if you need a small dehumidifier or a dehumidifier for cooler environments (such as garages or conservatories). They are less energy efficient though, so for warmer environments you may want to choose a refrigerant model.
Size of Dehumidifier
The capacity of a dehumidifier doesn't refer to its physical size of even its water tank. Instead, its capacity is how much water it can extract during a 24 hour period.
This value is the amount in ideal conditions, so the machine is unlikely to reach this number in the typical British home. Even so, the capacity is important as it's an easy way to compare the extraction capabilities of two dehumidifiers.
We've written a full guide to choosing the right size for your dehumidifier. The guide includes a table for working out the minimum capacity you'll need depending on the size and humidity of your home.
Physical Size and Weight
It's common to move a dehumidifier around depending on where it's needed most. Bulky and heavy dehumidifiers, which can weigh over 13kg, can make this difficult. For this reason, it's important to take into account the physical size and weight before you buy. If you're going to use it in a small room, you may also need a compact model.
On a side note, you may want to choose a dehumidifier with wheels and a proper handle – especially if you think you'll have trouble carrying it.
Other Considerations
Off Timer . A timer allows you to set the machine to turn off after a defined period of time. This is a handy way to save energy.
. A timer allows you to set the machine to turn off after a defined period of time. This is a handy way to save energy. Auto-defrost . When temperatures drop too low, water on the dehumidifier's coils can start to freeze. Auto-defrost mode allows the machine to unfreeze before continuing to dehumidify.
. When temperatures drop too low, water on the dehumidifier's coils can start to freeze. Auto-defrost mode allows the machine to unfreeze before continuing to dehumidify. Automatic humidity monitoring (humidistat). Many dehumidifiers can monitor the humidity of the environment. This allows them to switch on or off depending on whether the humidity has reached your desired levels. Automatic modes reduce the need to micro manage your dehumidifier and can also save energy.
Many dehumidifiers can monitor the humidity of the environment. This allows them to switch on or off depending on whether the humidity has reached your desired levels. Automatic modes reduce the need to micro manage your dehumidifier and can also save energy. Auto-reset . This function allows a dehumidifier to restart without changing settings after it loses power.
. This function allows a dehumidifier to restart without changing settings after it loses power. Extra filtration . Some dehumidifiers include additional filtration systems to purify the air.
. Some dehumidifiers include additional filtration systems to purify the air. Brand . It's usually best to buy from a respected dehumidifier brand, such as EcoAir, Ebac and Meaco. There are exceptions, however, so we review dehumidifiers from a range of companies.
. It's usually best to buy from a respected dehumidifier brand, such as EcoAir, Ebac and Meaco. There are exceptions, however, so we review dehumidifiers from a range of companies. Energy efficiency. Energy efficiency can be difficult to judge, but there are a few rules to follow. Refrigerant models are usually more energy efficient when used in warm environments, but they become less so as temperatures cool. Desiccant models use more energy, but can quickly remove water and also work consistently in cooler temperatures. Some dehumidifiers also have multiple settings to reduce energy consumption at the expense of extraction speed.
How to Use a Dehumidifier
When you buy a dehumidifier, make sure you read the manual before you switch it on. Manufacturers often provide useful information about how to maximise the efficiency of a specific model. Once you've read the manual, here are a few additional tips:
Dehumidifiers rely on an unobstructed airflow to maximise their effectiveness. While some have vents on the top, most have them on the back. This means there needs to be a space between the dehumidifier and the wall. We recommended at least six inches around the dehumidifier .
. Follow the tips above for reducing humidity even if you have a dehumidifier. This will reduce energy consumption.
Regularly clean the filter so it doesn't get clogged. Just like a vacuum cleaner, a dirty filter reduces the effectiveness of a dehumidifier. Make sure you check the manufacturer's instructions on how to safely clean the filter first though.
so it doesn't get clogged. Just like a vacuum cleaner, a dirty filter reduces the effectiveness of a dehumidifier. Make sure you check the manufacturer's instructions on how to safely clean the filter first though. If your dehumidifier has an automatic function, it will automatically switch on and off depending on the humidity. A good compromise between health benefits and energy cost is 50-60% humidity. You may want to set it lower than this on the first few uses, however, to bring humidity down to a manageable baseline.
Which are the Best Dehumidifiers?
We review a variety of dehumidifiers from brands such as Ebac, Delonghi, EcoAir and Meaco. There are a number of great options on the market, but we've picked our favourites and listed them on our page of the best dehumidifier models. If you're ready to start looking for a dehumidifier for your home, that's the best place to start.
After a week off maintenance, it's back this week with a four-hour downtime on a different day. Due to the US Labor Day holiday, they've bumped the downtime back 24 hours to Wednesday evening. There'll be a patch to download afterwards and we'll post the patch notes once we have them.
Here's the time conversions:
AEST: 5pm-9pm
AWST: 3pm-7pm
NZST: 7pm-11pm
The full details from BioWare:
Hi everyone,
We wanted to inform you all that due to the Labor Day holiday on Monday, September 3rd, 2012, we will be moving next week's scheduled maintenance to Wednesday, September 5th, 2012.
We will be performing scheduled maintenance for four hours on Wednesday, September 5th, 2012 from 2AM CDT (12AM PDT/3AM EDT/8AM BST/9AM CEST/5PM AEST) until 6AM CDT (4AM PDT/7AM EDT/12PM BST/1PM CEST/9PM AEST). All game servers and SWTOR.com will be offline during this period. This maintenance is expected to take no more than four hours, but could be extended.
This maintenance is done in order to make general improvements and to check performance of the game so that we can continue to provide a consistent, quality experience. Quite often (but not always) after a maintenance period there will be a patch to download. After the maintenance, please login via the launcher to download the latest patch. If your launcher was open during the maintenance, you must close and reopen it for a fresh login.
Scheduled Maintenance
Date: Wednesday, September 5th, 2012
Time: 2AM CDT (12AM PDT/3AM EDT/8AM BST/9AM CEST/5PM AEST) until 6AM CDT (4AM PDT/7AM EDT/12PM BST/1PM CEST/9PM AEST)
All game servers and SWTOR.com will be offline during this period. This maintenance is expected to take no more than four hours.
Thank you for your patience as we maintain service for Star Wars™: The Old Republic™.
“Jewish Voice For Peace” infiltrators sabotage at-risk LGBTQ Jewish youth at the Celebrate Israel Parade
What really happened this year in the LGBTQ Jewish marching group:
This past Sunday, over 80 people courageously marched in the LGBTQ cluster of the New York Celebrate Israel Parade. JQY believes it is an incredible act of bravery for LGBTQ youth to proudly and openly march through an audience of over 40,000 predominantly religious Jews. Marchers included teens who were kicked out of their homes, schools, and synagogues just for being who they are. These are teens who often struggle with self-harm, suicidal ideation, and internalized shame. Yet almost miraculously, they muster up the courage to face the communities that rejected them. Their message to the Jewish community is very simple: "We all belong." As far as JQY is concerned, this youth are heroes.
However, in their moment of courage and pride, this most vulnerable cohort of the Celebrate Israel Parade was targeted for sabotage, bullying, and harassment by an organization called Jewish Voice for Peace (JVP). Seven JVP "disrupters" secretly infiltrated the LGBTQ marching cluster. They pretended to be part of our group, marching side by side with our teens. As our contingent approached 72nd Street, one of the JVP disrupters lunged toward our speaker system, pulling out as many wires as she could until our music went silent. At that moment, five other disrupters removed their shirts to reveal red shirts brandished with the words “DEADLY EXCHANGE” in black. In the absence of our music, they began yelling to cause a disturbance. They proceeded to block our marching banners with their own anti-Israel signs. The disrupters had formed a human chain, aimed at preventing our group from moving forward. Efforts to move forward were met with physical resistance, intimidation, and screaming. Finally, police and security swarmed into our group creating more disarray and fear. People were pushed, trampled, and shoved. Our marchers were terrified and shocked. In this confusion, some in our cluster thought it was a terror attempt and immediately fled the parade route. Ultimately, five JVP members were arrested. Despite this sabotage attempt, our group managed to turn the music back on and completed the march with our heads held high.
JQY condemns JVP for this heartless action against at-risk LGBTQ youth
1. This was an act of violence: Just as freedom of speech does not allow one to falsely shout "fire!" in a crowded room, we believe this action was reckless, dangerous, and irresponsible. The parade route is tense and lined with armed security as it is a target for terrorism. Vigilance resulting from the violence in London led to an atmosphere of extra apprehension. The teens in our group were even more on edge, given a predominantly religious crowd that is not LGBTQ competent. Two years ago, a 16-year-old girl named Shira Banky was killed by a religious fanatic while marching in the Jerusalem LGBTQ parade. In this context, the JVP hijack of the group caused chaos and alarm that could have easily resulted in someone getting shot or killed. In addition to this trauma, our equipment was vandalized, t-shirts were stolen, and our members were pushed, shoved and trampled.
2. This was an act of censorship: JVP's action was not an act of free speech but rather an attempt to block, silence, and sabotage the expression of others.
3. This was an act of cowardice: Choosing the most vulnerable group in the parade to disrupt is nothing more than bullying. Even in extreme cases that justify non-violent disruption, basic activist values inform us never to target oppressed or at-risk populations. Going after LGBTQ people as they face the religious communities that so often are the source of their oppression, is needlessly cruel.
4. This was an act of antisemitism: Jews have been celebrating Israel for thousands of years before 1948 and the formation of the modern state of Israel. For many, the concept of Israel is central to religion, culture, and peoplehood. While protesting Israel or the parade is not necessarily an antisemitic act, we believe that preventing Jews from simply celebrating Israel is a basic threat to religious freedom. It would be akin to attacking Muslims from valuing Mecca simply because there are legitimate human rights issues with the Saudi Arabian Government. One can be proud of one's heritage and nationality while resisting against offensive policies and leadership. Certainly, there are many patriotic Americans who celebrate the US on July 4th but wholeheartedly reject the current administration. We would consider it Islamophobic to judge all Muslims who celebrate Islam, by the actions of those who commit violence in its name; it is similarly antisemitic to incriminate all Jews who celebrate Israel with the actions of the Modern Israeli government. Jews deserve the same sensitivity, consideration, and respect.
5. This was an act of homophobia: According to Rebecca Vilkomerson, JVP's executive director, “the LGBTQ contingent was a carefully chosen target”. Seth Morrison, a JVP board member told JQY, “We take pride in targeting the entire LGBTQ contingent”. The LGBTQ cluster was not targeted because of any organizational action, position or statement made; we were targeted because we had the audacity to march as an LGBTQ community. Had we not openly identified as LGBTQ this would likely not have happened. We were singled out for sabotage because of our sexual orientations and gender identities. There is a word for this kind of prejudice. Frankly, the idea that a non-LGBTQ protest organization is explicitly targeting and sabotaging LGBTQ people is unacceptable and terrifying. If a right wing organization admitted to doing the same we would call them a “Hate Group”. JVP must be held to the same scrutiny. Moving Forward:
GlimmerBlocker: a more stable ad-blocker
Download: GlimmerBlocker-1.6.6.dmg (release notes).
This version requires macOS 10.10 (Yosemite), 10.11 (El Capitan) or 10.12 (Sierra). After upgrading macOS, you might have to reinstall GlimmerBlocker. Older versions of GlimmerBlocker supports older versions of OSX. There is no version for iPhone.
Easy to uninstall if you don't like it anyway.
GlimmerBlocker is free: No payments required, but please help spread the word as ad-based sites would very much like to keep it a secret:
Screenshots gallery and detailed installation help.
About GlimmerBlocker
The problem with other ad-blockers for Safari is that they are implemented as awful hacks: as an InputManager and/or ApplicationEnhancer. This compromises the stability of Safari and very often create problems when Apple releases a new version of Safari. ​Snow Leopard doesn't support the InputManager-based blockers when Safari runs in 64-bit mode.
GlimmerBlocker is implemented as an http proxy, so the stability of Safari isn't compromised because it doesn't use any hacks. It is even compatible with all other browsers and other native Mac OS X applications which uses http, e.g. NetNewsWire. The proxy runs on the mac and not on a central server like most proxies.
You'll always be able to upgrade Safari without breaking GlimmerBlocker (or waiting for a new release); and you'll be able to upgrade GlimmerBlocker without upgrading Safari. This makes it much easier to use the beta versions of Safari and especially the nightly builds of ​WebKit.
Because GlimmerBlocker doesn't hack Safari, there are a few things it isn't able to do: adding a block by right-clicking an image, stopping pop-unders, and filtering cookies from 3rd party sites. But you win a lot in stability, and GlimmerBlocker provides much easier methods for adding your own modifications to pages by adding css rules, pieces of Javascript or by transforming the html before Safari receives it. So I'll hope you're happy with the tradeoff.
If you can program in Javascript you'll be able to add your own modification to pages. See the included filters for examples, e.g. adding a download link to YouTube.
​Guido's description of GlimmerBlocker in German, and ​Fingster Kevin's description and filter for Chinese users.
Share your filters
A set of default filters for common worldwide ad-providers are included in GlimmerBlocker. So out-of-the box it blocks most ads. If you still see ads on common, high-traffic sites, please ​notify me so the filters can be improved.
You can create your own filters and publish them using MobileMe or plain WebDav so other users can subscribe to your filter.
See the list of filters which other users have published.
You can setup iPhone/iPod to use GlimmerBlocker when they're using wifi.
How to develop advanced filters
In addition to just blocking ads, GlimmerBlocker can add css or javascript to the pages, can modify the content using Javascript, can modify the request before GlimmerBlocker sends it to the remote server, can specify which dns-server or http/socks5 proxy that GlimmerBlocker must use when fetching that specific URL.
Documentation:
Application workarounds
The following applications need workarounds or configured:
Miscellaneous
Very short FAQ.
GlimmerBlocker is fully open source and is licensed using ​GPLv3. You can download the source, make your own modifications, submit changes, etc.
Older versions can be found in the downloads directory. Sparkle uses two rss feeds: official releases and beta releases. Even though the rss feeds includes a link to the new version, the easiest method to update GlimmerBlocker is to open the "System Preferences", choose GlimmerBlocker and click "check now" in the "Setup" tab pane.
Send feedback and bug-reports to [​feedback@glimmerblocker.org]
By a curious coincidence, 2017 marks a pair of anniversaries: that of the publication of the first volume of Karl Marx's Capital 150 years ago, and that of the October Revolution which in 1917 ushered in the USSR. A mere thirty years ago this coincidence would have been marked with intertwined commemorations: Even if many Marxists might have disavowed the regime established in the name of the author of Capital, the Soviet Union would no doubt have celebrated the continuity of its social order with Marx's theoretical work with festivities ranging from military parades to ballet performances. However, Vladimir Putin, no fan of popular revolt, called “the consequences that these great upheavals can bring” simply “unfortunate” in his state-of-the-federation speech last December. He has appointed an academic committee to organize seminars on the topic by way of commemoration.
There are, no doubt, those in Russia for whom the collapse in living and working conditions produced by the reconfiguration of the Soviet regime into a corrupt petro-state provokes a certain fondness for the old days. But who outside of Russia is going to memorialize the Bolshevik triumph, other than a few left-wing professors and the handfuls of sectarians still cherishing the Leninist flame? The hold once exercised over rebellious imaginations by the fabled Ten Days that Shook the World is not just broken; it is forgotten. The so-called Third World once provided fertile ground for revolutionary organizations eager to capture state power, achieve national independence, and “modernize” in emulation of the party of Lenin, Trotsky, and Stalin. Today the heirs to those efforts in the decolonized states are preoccupied with siphoning the wealth extracted from their territories and populations into Swiss bank accounts and London townhouses. In the realm of revolutionary theory, debates about the character of the Soviet system (proletarian dictatorship? degenerated workers' state? state-capitalism?) that once seemed important to its critics and defenders have lost interest now that the seventy years of Communism have proved to pave just another of the many paths to capitalism.
Once upon a time many of those wishing to hold onto the old faith were able to transfer their allegiance from Lenin and Stalin to Chairman Mao (and even, briefly, to Kim Il Sung or Enver Hoxha). But history has swept away the bases of belief in the necessity and possibility of the construction of socialism by a party of professional revolutionaries guided by Marxist-Leninist thought. In my own youth, fellow leftists marched in antiwar demonstrations with the flag of the Vietnamese National Liberation Front, chanting “Ho, Ho, Ho Chi- Minh! NLF is going to win!” Do they even remember this today when buying Nike sneakers produced by children in the factories of socialist Vietnam? I'm sure their descendants no more mind or mourn the Great October Revolution than, the New York Times informs us, today's young Britons do Princess Diana.
Historians continue to study and discuss the Russian revolution and its aftermath. They are less impeded today than they once were by the compet- ing mythologies of the Cold War, and are able to draw on gigantic archival sources opened to view with the collapse of the party state. Those who wish to understand the transformations that led from the Bolshevik putsch to today's kleptocracy have a growing mass of scholarly resources available. But they are unlikely to seek in this history, as many did in the past, pointers to the construction of world socialism.
On the other hand, the progressive disintegration of Bolshevik myth has had only salutary results for the appreciation of Marx's work. The disappearance of Soviet Communism has freed that work from the carapace of state ideology, with its official doctrines of Dialectical and Historical Materialism, that obscured Marx's actual mode of thought. Indeed, the present is a golden age of Marxist scholarship, as the publication of his complete writings proceeds under the care of the Internationale Marx-Engels Stiftung. Of course, there are still those who hold the Red Prussian responsible for the Gulag, but they are today outnumbered by those who see Marx as a major figure of the nineteenth century, however flawed his thinking (and his character) may have been in one area or another. A smaller but growing number, taking seriously Marx's claim to have understood the functioning of the capitalist system better than the economists of his day, extend that claim to the present.
The bankruptcy of conventional economics, evident in the general failure either to foresee the financial crisis of 2008 or to come up with policies able to return a stagnating global economy to growth, certainly suggests a need to look elsewhere if we are to understand economic events. The legions of academically-trained economists are, of course, no more likely to abandon the various doctrines on acceptance of which their continued employment depends on than Christian theologians of different denominations are to abandon the triple-personhood of God or the powers of full-immersion baptism. But anyone willing to face up to the difficulties inherent in Marx's complex and subtle mode of thought—difficulties, it must be said, offset by the high literary quality of his writing as well as by the elegance and realism of his theory—will find ideas whose applicability to present-day reality belie their age.
In fact, it can be said that only today, with its continued globalization, has capitalism finally become the social system Marx had it in mind to describe. When Marx wrote his magnum opus, capitalism was hardly the world's primary mode of the production and distribution of goods (even in England there were still more domestic servants than industrial workers), though it could be argued that at least in Europe and North America it was already socially dominant, in the sense that its institutions were central enough to social life to determine their continuing growth in importance as society continued to evolve. During the ensuing 150 years, capitalism—production by waged labor for the profit of privately owned enterprises—has become the dominant system in Europe, North America, and most of Asia and Latin America. The prediction by theorists of economic “growth” that capitalistically underdeveloped areas of the world would, if allowed the institutions of the free market, “take off ” into capitalist development has not been fulfilled in much of the Third World, most notably in Africa. But even these areas are now fully subordinated to global capitalism, if largely as sources of raw materials. By abstracting from the complex range of features characterizing the actual societies of his time to focus on elements that he took to be basic to capitalism as such, Marx was able to explain both the evolution towards a more completely capitalist society and specific, apparently essential, aspects of that evolution: the growth of mechanization, the development of credit instruments, the tendency towards the centralization and concentration of capital ownership, the recurrent business cycle, a tendency towards mass unemployment and impoverishment of large portions of the world's population, and class struggle between employers and employed. His work still offers the best, if not the only, analysis of modern money and of “capital”—the use of money to make more money—itself. Its description of the labor process is immediately convincing to anyone who has to work for a living (and the business students to whom I once taught Marx's book told me that this was the first economics text that captured the reality of their practical business experience).
Clearly, Marx was over-optimistic in his belief that the violence of capitalism would drive the working class, organized by the collective processes of mass production, to revolt and create a new form of society. The price we have all paid for people's toleration of the capitalist order—two world wars, endless smaller conflicts, and ecological catastrophe, on top of the daily indignities of employment (and unemployment)—has so far not been enough to provoke a decisive rejection of the actual world for the possibility of a better one.
It's worth remembering, though, that if October 1917 marked the foundation of a totalitarian state, the Bolsheviks rode to power on the back of an actual uprising of workers, soldiers, and peasants. It was such phenomena as the refusal of peasant-soldiers to keep fighting at the front and the seizure and governance of factories and railroads by those who worked them that briefly made plausible the Party's claim to represent a liberatory force, even while it moved quickly to limit workers' power, restricting the activity of their factory committees, and finally mowing them down with guns in 1921, when they dared in numbers to contest the developing dictatorship. If this month marks the anniversary of the establishment of the first party-state, it should also remind us that people do at times strive to change the world. If we are still living in the society Marx tried to understand in 1867, it's hard to believe that the horrors it continues to generate will not provoke future, hopefully larger and more successful, efforts to put an end to it.
I realize posting here is a long shot, but what the hell. See that empty cubicle in the photo above? I need an excellent copy editor/line editor/details-oriented person – who knows woodworking or is eager to learn the craft – to take it over.
Rodney Wilson, the former managing editor for Popular Woodworking Magazine, did an excellent job in the year or so he was here, but left to take a job more in line with his interests. I wish him nothing but good luck – but he's been gone for two workdays now and already, I miss him terribly.
I joined the Popular Woodworking staff in 2005 as managing editor. My plan was to stay for a year or two as I finished my Ph.D., then leave to teach early modern drama at a small college (so that I could help at least a handful of people learn to love Francis Beaumont's “Knight of the Burning Pestle” as much as I do). But I fell in love with woodworking, and 12 years on, here I still sit. (I continue, however, to urge everyone to read at least a little Shakespeare.)
So I guess I'm looking for someone kind of like me (if perhaps better-tempered). Someone who loves the power of the well-written word and can help to effect that in our content, but who also likes makes things with his or her hands. Someone who understands how important it is to pay contributors on time, and who doesn't mind the associated paperwork (well – it was paperwork when I started; now it's on the computer). Someone who isn't afraid to gently harangue writers (and, er, me) to get stuff done on schedule. Someone who loves having access to a full woodworking shop, and wants to build things and write about it. Someone who wants to live in Cincinnati – a marvelous city with excellent restaurants and services, and an incredible stock of affordable and historic housing (there are newer homes, too of course…but where's the fun in multiple working baths, I ask you?!).
The job posting is on our corporate website. If the above sounds fun to you, check it out – or pass it along to a qualified friend. Please!
Oh – and because an empty cubicle isn't terribly enticing, here are a few shots of the shop:
This article is over 3 years old
Club intend to appeal against the decision‘Player is mentally shattered at the turn of events'
The Inverness Caledonian Thistle defender Josh Meekings is set to miss the Scottish Cup final after being offered a retrospective ban for handling Leigh Griffiths' goal-bound header.
The Scottish Football Association compliance officer Tony McGlennan has issued a “notice of complaint” to Meekings, whose transgression was missed by the six match officials on duty at Hampden on Sunday when Caley Thistle beat Celtic 3-2.
Meekings has until 3pm on Wednesday to respond to the charge with a hearing date set for Thursday if his club decide to contest the ban.
Caley Thistle immediately announced their intention to fight the suspension. In a statement, they said: “Inverness Caledonian Thistle FC can confirm that it has declined the fixed one-match suspension offer in relation to the notice of complaint issued to Josh Meekings following an alleged breach of disciplinary rule 200 at the ICTFC v Celtic game on Sunday, March 19 2015.
“The club intends to vigorously defend our player and is taking legal advice on the issue.
“We are extremely disappointed that this has arisen and the player himself is mentally shattered at the turn of events.
“Josh is keen to appear in person at the disciplinary hearing and we will most strongly support him by all means available.”
Inverness are already missing the other half of their central defence after Gary Warren picked up his second booking of the competition against Celtic, which instantly ruled him out of the 30 May Hampden meeting with Falkirk.
Advertisement No, Jerry Springer is not running for governor After mulling a gubernatorial run, talk show host announces he will not run for Ohio governor Share Copy Link Copy
After mulling a gubernatorial run, Jerry Springer announced Wednesday night that he will not run for Ohio's governor. The 73-year-old Springer, a Democrat, made the announcement on his weekly podcast at a folk music coffee shop in Ludlow, Kentucky.The TV trash talk show host and onetime mayor of Cincinnati has been often mentioned in the race for Ohio governor. In fact, Springer said research and internal polling showed he could win in what was mostly regarded as an energy-lacking field of contenders.But he told his supporters Wednesday that his decision not to run was purely personal."As a husband, father and grandfather -- at this point, I can't do it," Springer said. He added that he was not ready for a five-year commitment – a year to campaign, and four years to serve. “You don't do that unless you devote every minute of your life to it,” he said. For the past few months, Springer has been weighing whether to re-enter the political fray. Jene Galvin, a friend and podcast co-host, indicated weeks ago that Springer was nearing a decision."It's a real passion for me. Political issues, my love of Ohio," he said, indicating the decision not to run was not exactly easy.Many viewers of Springer's chair-throwing, tabloid-style television show are unaware of his political chops and background.He entered politics with an unsuccessful Congressional race in 1970. He was elected to Cincinnati Council the following year, resigned in disgrace three years later in a Northern Kentucky sex scandal, then was re-elected a year later, demonstrating his popular appeal despite the fresh baggage.He served as Cincinnati's 56th mayor in 1977.Photos: Jerry Springer through the yearsHis lone attempt at higher office came in 1982, when he took a run at the Democratic nomination for Ohio governor and lost.After that, he left the political candidate track and became a news anchor and commentator at WLWT in Cincinnati before taking on a new role as a talk show host in the early 90s.Although he has not been a candidate for any office in decades, Springer has remained active in Democratic Party politics as a speaker and prolific fund-raiser and donor. He mulled a possible Senate race in 2000 and 2004.So far, the Democratic candidates are Dayton Mayor Nan Whaley, former State Representative Connie Pillich, former Congresswoman Betty Sutton, State Senator Joe Schiavoni, former Wayne County Commissioner Dave Kiefer and Ohio Supreme Court Justice Bill O'Neill.The Republican candidates are Attorney General Mike DeWine, Secretary of State Jon Husted, Congressman Jim Renacci and Lieutenant Governor Mary Taylor.
Brazilian president Dilma Rousseff is pretty upset with reports that the NSA had been spying on her, but also on previous revelations regarding the collaboration between the US intelligence agency and Brazilian companies that led to spying on the country's citizens.
Rousseff wants to modify laws in order to let the government suspend the operation of companies that cooperate with international espionage schemes, Veja reports.
Furthermore, it seems that strengthening the internal government communications is also on her list, particularly since many advisors use email services such as Gmail.
The measures were discussed during a meeting with the country's ministers. “It can be a bank or a telephone company; if you cooperate with such schemes, their right to operate in Brazil should be canceled,” said Paulo Bernardo, the country's Communications Minister.
They want to create a rift between Muslims and non-Muslims. They want to draw foreign armies onto their soil so that they can revel in jihadist glory. Like the nihilist acts in Paris, they want to pull the world into chaos and darkness just for the heck of it. If we put troops on the ground, we will play straight into their hands. The propaganda value will be inestimable. This will surely drive Muslims and non-Muslims further apart, and spur a war against Islam…exactly what ISIS wants.
What concerns me is the widespread sentiment that Islam is a hateful, toxic religion. Not because it's not true, but because there are 1.6 billion Muslims around the world. Putting ideology aside, the vast majority of Muslims are peaceful. There are NOT 1.6 billion potential jihadists. How many are there? Well, let's do a back-of-the-envelope calculation…
If only one per cent of the world's Muslims were predisposed to violence, that would be 16 million soldiers fighting for Allah. A formidable army to be sure. (That's more than the active and reserve military of China, India, U.S.A., North Korea, Russia, and South Korea combined.)
If we create the kind of hate that a war on Islam would produce, it would draw in the other 99 per cent of otherwise peaceful Muslims, simply because they would be fighting for their own survival. This would literally be another World War, but on an unimaginable scale.
To avert such a global catastrophe, we cannot allow ourselves to hate. We cannot hate Islam. We cannot fear Muslims. We cannot wage war against a religion. We must accept the fact that Islam is an integral part of the tapestry we call our civilization.
In dealing with the radical Islam problem, we must tread carefully. Sending in troops is a nonstarter.
In-Depth
Using Linux Virtual Desktops With VMware Horizon View
It's easier, and works better, than you might think.
There are many reasons that enterprises may wish to use Linux desktops within a virtual desktop infrastructure (VDI) broker. I outlined five of these in a recent article. Now that all major VDI vendors support Linux desktops, I wondered if using a VDI broker with Linux could significantly help with the entitlement, authentication, provisioning, security and management of Linux desktops over physical Linux desktops. I'll be using Horizon View for this investigation, but most of the information is pertinent to other VDI brokers.
For those new to using VDI, the concept is straightforward: a user uses a client device (laptop, thin client, tablet and so on) to connect to a broker in order to connect to a Linux desktop running as a virtual machine (VM) on a hypervisor. The VM has an agent running inside of it that relays information back to the broker. The broker handles the entitlement of users, the association of users with virtual desktops, and in some cases the provisioning of the virtual desktops. A simple VDI architecture is shown in Figure 1.
[Click on image for larger view.] Figure 1. A simple VDI architecture.
In order to investigate VDI running Linux desktops, I set up a VDI environment in my lab. The lab hardware consisted of a Dell R610 (12 CPU cores, 96GB RAM, four 2.5" Micron M500DC SSD drives and two WD 750G Black HDD drives); a 24 port 1GB switch; and various endpoint clients. The virtual infrastructure consisted of a single hypervisor (ESXi 6.1) being managed by vCenter 6 VCSA. I installed VMware Horizon Enterprise 6.2 to create the VDI infrastructure, then created three CentOS 6.7 Linux virtual desktops. All VMware software was under trial licenses.
Horizon View 6.2 allows Linux desktops to be used as virtual desktops. VMware has three licensing options for using Linux desktops with View: Horizon 6 Enterprise Edition, VMware Workspace Suite and View for Linux. For those interested in running only Linux desktops, View for Linux is the least costly option.
The installation of View took me less than 30 minutes. I've set up View dozens of times and am very familiar with its installation process; those with vSphere experience but new to View should still be able to do this in under an hour.
Next, I created three CentOS 6.7 VMs. View 6.2 supports four Linux distributions: Ubuntu, RHEL, CentOS, and NeoKylin. Supported versions of these distributions can be found in the VMware documentation. Each of the VMs had two vCPUs, 4GB RAM and a 120GB hard drive. I then installed VMware tools and View agent on the VMs. The agent registers the VM with the connection broker.
After creating the Linux VMs, I created a View manual desktop pool (Figure 2) via the View Administrator Web portal. A desktop pool allows for the grouping of virtual desktops for administrative purposes (Figure 2 shows the settings of the desktop pool). Manual desktop pools are required, as automated desktop pools aren't supported with Linux virtual desktops. Automated pools will create the virtual desktop automatically and as required from a template.
[Click on image for larger view.] Figure 2. Desktop settings.
Virtual desktops can be accessed on Windows, Linux or Mac OS X OSes machines using either a Web browser or the Horizon client (Figure 3). (Note that zero clients and mobile clients aren't supported at this time.) I tested my virtual desktop using all three supported OSes.
[Click on image for larger view.] Figure 3. Client access options.
Once the VDI environment was built up and the Linux VMs were created, I wanted to see how easy it was to entitle, authenticate, provision, manage, secure and access Linux desktops being managed by VDI compared to running Linux desktops running on physical hardware. Here's what I observed for each of these processes.
Entitlement. The ability to authenticate users to access virtual desktops in View is done via Active Directory. Individual users or groups of users can be entitled to access pools of desktops. Desktops in these pools can either be dedicated (persistent) to a single user, or floating. Floating desktops allows any user entitled to a pool to access any desktop in the pool; desktops aren't assigned to a single user. A floating desktop pool is useful if you can decouple the user's persona (user data, settings and so on) from the desktop. Fortunately, Linux has many schemes that allow the decoupling of user data from the desktop on which they currently reside.
[Click on image for larger view.] Figure 4. Logging into View via Windows.
Authentication. View with Linux desktops, unlike View with Windows desktops, does not yet support single sign-on (SSO). SSO allows your credentials to be passed from the Horizon client (Figure 4) to the desktop. Linux virtual desktops require you to log on separately to the Linux desktop (Figure 5) after first logging onto the Horizon client.
[Click on image for larger view.] Figure 5. The Linux-based login window.
Provisioning. One of the limitations with using View with Linux Desktops is that currently there is no built-in mechanism to automate the cloning of Linux desktops, nor does it allow View Composer to be used to create and manage storage-efficient "linked" cloned desktops.
To overcome this limitation, VMware and others have come up with scripts to automatically provision desktops in a timely fashion. For example, Michael Webster created a script that provisioned 400 Linux desktops from a template, and registered them with Horizon View in just 11 minutes. If you don't use a scripted solution, you'll need to manually clone a base image, instantiate the Horizon agent and then add the VM to the desktop pool. Compared to creating physical Linux desktops, where hardware would need to be provisioned and the desktop imaged separately, it's far easier and quicker to provision a virtual desktop.
Management. Virtual desktop hardware is extremely easy to upgrade; you can add CPU cores, RAM, NICs and so on with just a few clicks. Transferring the disk to a faster media, for example, from a slow HDD to a fast SSD, can be done in the background without interrupting the end user via vMotion. vMotion could also be used to evacuate all the virtual desktops on a server or storage array if it's coming off lease or needs to come down for firmware, software or hardware upgrades.
Historically speaking, backups have been troublesome; virtual desktops, however, alleviate much of the hassle as they can be performed at the server level rather than on each individual desktop over the LAN. Backups on physical desktops have been known to cause serious network congestion, but with virtual desktops the backup data in many cases doesn't need to traverse the LAN from physical server to backup media.
Managing the software on a Linux desktop is also simplified by using virtual desktops. Virtual desktops can be accessed from the client, or if needed, directly via the vCenter virtual console. With virtual desktops, gone are the days of running from physical system to physical system to address software issues. Patching physical systems have been known to cause massive network traffic, but with virtual desktops this is mitigated as network traffic is contained locally.
Security. Many companies choose to go to virtual desktops for security reasons. For example, a virtual desktop simply cannot walk out the door or be left at a restaurant, since it's stored inside a datacenter. Other security concerns that virtual desktops help mitigate are viruses and unauthorized access to desktops. If a system does become compromised, it can be brought down immediately. It's been reported that the majority of data theft is done by internal sources as opposed to external hackers; virtual desktops can minimize this threat by locking them down to prevent storage devices from being attached to them.
PolitiFact has just announced the winner of their annual “Lie of the Year” honors. It must have have been an excruciating task to whittle down the contenders from the plethora of brazen, purposeful truth manglers. They could have just given up and called 2017 “The Year of the Lie.”
Nevertheless, PolitiFact persevered and came up with a worthy recipient. Donald Trump's near inability to ever say anything truthful was bound to score a victory one way or another. The rest of the political liars stood little chance against someone who is certifiably pathological. The Washington Post has documented more than 1,600 lies told by this record-breaking prevaricator.
In 2015 Trump won his first Lie of the Year award for “The campaign misstatements of Donald Trump.” They were so numerous the fact-checkers couldn't settle on a single lie. He didn't take that well and, in a typically lame Trump tantrum, he responded on Fox News. Trump even got an honorable mention of sorts in 2016's Lie of the year, “Fake News,” because he was such a frequent contributor to the fakery. However, this year PolitiFact managed to narrow down Trump's gushing geyser of bullshit to one lie that is particularly significant in terms of its bald-faced dishonesty and its potential for severe harm: “Russian election interference is a ‘made-up story‘.” They began their analysis by saying that:
“A mountain of evidence points to a single fact: Russia meddled in the U.S. presidential election of 2016. “In both classified and public reports, U.S. intelligence agencies have said Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered actions to interfere with the election. Those actions included the cyber-theft of private data, the placement of propaganda against particular candidates, and an overall effort to undermine public faith in the U.S. democratic process.”
Achieving this “honor” may be consolation to Trump after not being chosen as Time Magazines's Person of the Year. PolitiFact noted that virtually every assessment of Russia's activities concluded that Vladimir Putin and Company did interfere with the U.S. election in a multitude of ways. It was not a partisan observation. Republicans and Democrats alike recognized that Russia was deeply involved in election hacking and propaganda. And as PolitiFact put it, “After all this, one man keeps saying it didn't even happen.” Indeed, Trump stood alone in denying the obvious and defending his pals in the Kremlin.
“This Russia thing with Trump and Russia is a made-up story,” Trump told NBC's Lester Holt. “It's an excuse by the Democrats for having lost an election that they should've won.” And he tried desperately to shift the blame elsewhere, including to Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama, China, or some fat guy in a New Jersey basement. Anyone but Vlad. In fact, Trump explicitly let Putin off the hook because the Russian dictator assured him that he didn't do it. And Trump believes Putin over his own American intelligence agencies.
PolitiFact spent little time addressing whether or not Trump colluded with Russia to impact the outcome of the election. But it's hard to separate the two. Especially when every utterance by Trump supports the Russian version events. What's more, Trump and his associates repeatedly denied any encounters with Russians during the campaign and after. However, they later had to admit that many of them had many meetings that they all somehow forgot for some reason. There can't be that many blatant misstatements by that many people without there being some intent to hide something.
And just to top off this Christmas tree with a distinctly Trumpian ornament, the President tweeted about this very issue this morning:
Despite thousands of hours wasted and many millions of dollars spent, the Democrats have been unable to show any collusion with Russia – so now they are moving on to the false accusations and fabricated stories of women who I don't know and/or have never met. FAKE NEWS! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 12, 2017
He is still calling the Russia investigations fake news. And despite the indictments (and two guilty pleas) of four of his accomplices (so far), he stubbornly asserts that the investigations are a waste of time and money. Then he shifts from that to his desperate denials of sexual misconduct and crimes. This may be his first bid for 2018 Lie of the Year. And he's off to great start by claiming that he doesn't know, or never met, any of his victims. The only problem with that is that one of his accusers was a contestant on The Apprentice. Another participated in his beauty pageant. And another was placed at the scene of his abuse by his own witness.
How Fox News Deceives and Controls Their Flock:
Fox Nation vs. Reality: The Fox News Cult of Ignorance.
Available now at Amazon.
PolitiFact may have to exempt Trump from any future recognition in this competition. No one else can possibly challenge such an accomplished liar and skilled reality distortion machine. Perhaps they should rename the whole affair “The Donald Trump Lie of the Year Awards” and let some other sham merchants have a chance to win.
In ancient Rome, togas were no laughing matter. They were the fashion must-have for all male citizens, but men hated them: they were heavy, made your left arm as useful as a T. Rex's, and required a team of highly trained slaves to put on and take off. Also, they were made of wool, which was great for preventing dreaded slippage, but not so great for Mediterranean summers in the pre-antiperspirant era.
On the plus side, togas make you look dignified and imperial, especially when you're strolling about a Roman estate—the Getty Villa, say. That's why we're encouraging students to wear their own home-brewed versions for College Night at the Villa each year. And you don't have to suffer for fashion: in the video above, education specialist Shelby Brown gives you some tidbits on the history of the toga and shows you (at 2:38) how to wrap yourself comfortably and on the cheap using a twin or full-size sheet.
For advanced toga study, including historical variants, controversies, and primary sources, check out this essay from A Dictionary of Greek and Roman Antiquities; and to round out your ensemble with the appropriate undergarments, footwear, and jewelry, see this article on Roman dress.
Thanks to our impressive toga model Guy Wheatley.
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - European Union leaders agreed on Thursday to prolong for another six months the bloc's economic sanctions on Russia, imposed over the annexation of Ukraine's peninsula of Crimea and Moscow's support for rebels in east Ukraine.
The sanctions, which target Russia's energy, defense and financial sectors, would otherwise expire at the end of January 2018.
Donald Tusk, the chairman of EU leaders meeting in Brussels on Thursday and Friday, said the 28 were “united on roll-over of economic sanctions on Russia.”
Related Coverage Ukraine leader welcomes EU's extension of sanctions on Russia
Moscow says it will never return Crimea, which it annexed in 2014 in a move that has not been recognized internationally.
The West says Russia has also been providing a lifeline to separatists in eastern Ukraine, where a conflict with Kiev troops has killed more than 10,000 people since 2014.
In an atmosphere of general unrest and lack of control or safety provided by government, looting frequently rises to unprecedented levels as those desperate for quick cash plunder from the coffers of our global heritage. However, it is not the looters who stand to gain the most from such a timely situation, but rather the collectors who are able to add another invaluable piece to their collections, ripped from the fabric of civilization.
Yet even before the events of the Arab Spring raged across the Middle East and enraptured the world, the market for Syrian and Egyptian antiquities was booming. Many lots (objects for sale at auctions) were selling for above their estimated prices, with one pair of carved stone capitals from Syria selling for GBP 313,250 – more than five times its pre-sale estimate of GBP 60,000. With no provenance at all listed in the lot's record, it's incredible that a collector would nevertheless spend over a quarter of a million pounds on artifacts that could have been illicitly excavated or exported.
My process
I was curious as to how the looting and destruction that swept the Middle East during the Arab Spring might have impacted sales of Egyptian and Syrian antiquities, so I decided to compare pre-2011 and post-2011 sales in the hopes that this would shed some light on the issue.
I conducted this research both online and in libraries, accessing catalogues from past auctions from the Sotheby's and Christie's websites, as well as in the National Gallery of Art Library in Washington, D.C. and the National Art Library in London. I found the websites quite difficult to navigate, and it feels as though the online catalogues are there for casual perusing rather than serious research. There is no means of collating relevant items or auctions, and the information listed online leaves quite a lot to be desired.
Techniques used by auction houses
Many of the artifacts, like the stone capitals described above, have no provenance listed, or will have an incredibly sparse record, like this Syrian limestone head which was simply “acquired prior to 1987” or this basalt torso of Herakles “said to have been found prior to World War II” (both pieces auctioned in 2010). The Herakles statue sold for 230,000 USD, twice its estimate. Many other pieces sold for over their estimates, indicating that a healthy appetite for Egyptian and Syrian artifacts still exists.
One of the thinnest provenances I saw was simply a listing of previous auctions, as if having made it through the system once before is enough proof that an artifact is fair game to be auctioned again. (If you're interested in seeing some of these techniques in action, check out any catalogues from auctions of antiquities at Sotheby's or Christie's and you will quickly come across them.)
I had hoped that perhaps things would have improved after the events of 2011, but this was not the case. Provenance listings were no more specific or accurate than they had been previously, and there was no indication from any major auction house that they were taking into account the uncertainty in the Middle East when it came to acquiring objects for auction. In auctions taking place immediately after the Arab Spring, there were no reassuring notices placed in the front of the glossy antiquities catalogues confirming that the auction house had ensured the legality of all pieces (although perhaps they had — I'm not making accusations, just observations).
Even if an auction house deigns to ask a country if it believes an item has been looted, there are no public records from illicit excavations, and therefore no way for that country to prove that it was taken, from where, or even when.
Another way auction houses shift attention from an artifact's physical origins to its aesthetic qualities is by listing multiple countries as the possible place of creation. As Colin Renfrew explains in Loot, Legitimacy and Ownership, having an unclear place of origin prevents any one country from laying claim to the item. Moreover, even if an auction house deigns to ask a country if it believes an item has been looted, there are obviously no public records from illicit excavations, and therefore no way for that country to prove that it was taken, from where, or even when.
I had expected to see a huge increase in the number of items placed for sale following the 2011 revolutions. However, there actually appears to have been no increase, which surprised me. Auction activity was relatively uniform from 2009 to 2013. Had there actually not been any items looted during the general state of instability and anarchy that seized much of the region? My suspicion is that these objects just haven't had enough time to reach the international market. Looting is absolutely happening, as evidenced by photographs of sites speckled with large holes and scattered artifacts.
Evidence for looting
Indefatigable Egyptian archaeologist Monica Hanna has been single-handedly exposing an incredible amount of looting in Egypt, even going so far as to confront some of the armed looters herself. Hanna sent me some pictures of the landscape at Abu Sir el-Malaq, where looters have left behind piles of ravaged bones and mummies in favor of more saleable and attractive artifacts. This is just some of the damage that she has documented at that site:
The reality is that looting is definitely happening in Egypt. We haven't yet seen these artifacts reach a public market, but they are out there. Or — even worse — as the events of the last week have shown, stolen artifacts may have actually been destroyed by those who took them, like we saw at the Malawi Museum. Hanna herself was at the Malawi Museum when looters stormed its doors, and defended its treasures against armed attackers. Some of the artifacts taken have since been returned, but hundreds remain missing, and it is possible that many of those still at large have been irreparably destroyed.
Trafficking Culture, a research programme into the global trade of looted artifacts based at the University of Glasgow, advocates using Google Earth as a means of tracking looting. This screenshot from Google Maps seems to show holes dug by looters south of the Great Pyramids at Giza:
Conclusion
There has yet to be a “boom” in the number of Near Eastern antiquities for sale because dealers can afford to wait. As demonstrated by the mere existence of the Swiss Freeport (and its shameful role in Giacomo Medici's looting empire, documented in The Medici Conspiracy), it's fairly easy to have such a backlog of illicitly obtained items so as to not need to immediately sell newly acquired ones. Moreover, dealers aren't dumb: they know that flooding the market with unprovenanced antiquities not only looks suspicious, but also will devalue each item as supply increases. Just as the Mugrabi family carefully plays the market to keep Warhol's value high, so antiquities dealers know when to buy and when to sell.
It is disturbing that the public appetite for antiquities is so great that one can easily buy a faience figurine for just a few hundred dollars and no thought of import laws.
Tess Davis, a member of the “Trafficking Culture” project, is researching the process that many artifacts go through as they are essentially smuggled into legitimacy. It will be interesting to see the conclusions that her research yields, and I hope that it will shed some light on the process that looted artifacts have — and are still — undoubtedly been going through for the past two years.
Even searching for something as simple as “Egyptian antiquity” on eBay turns up multiple results for unprovenanced objects. While it is very likely that these are fakes rather than looted originals, it is disturbing that the public appetite for antiquities is so great that one can easily buy a faience figurine for just a few hundred dollars and no thought of import laws, UNESCO or otherwise. (Luckily, UCLA archaeologist Charles Stanish believes that eBay's large selection of fakes is actually helping to stop looting, estimating that 95 percent of the archaeological artifacts listed on eBay are forgeries).
“The only Good Collector is an ex-Collector.” – Colin Renfrew
The idea of a benevolent collector has been problematized many times, including by Renfrew, who concludes that “the only Good Collector is an ex-Collector” (Public Archaeology, 2000). Renfrew does not have a problem with the act of collecting (identifying Old Master paintings and cigarette cards as hypothetical items exempt from his condemnation), but rather the practice of collecting specifically unprovenanced antiquities. But beyond just provenance, are there other issues at hand when it comes to looting and sales?
My conclusion is not that this research proves that the sale of Middle Eastern antiquities is out of control due to a single incident or period of conflict (as satisfying a conclusion as that would have been). Rather, it is that the looting specifically is out of control. It is likely that some will make the counter-argument that until we see these artifacts on the market, there is nothing we can do, or perhaps even that until such objects turn up at an auction, there isn't any real proof that damage to the cultural record is happening.
This is wrong – looting is happening now, and without more awareness, it will continue to happen until there is nothing left to be learned from the decontextualized and ravaged objects. Monica Hanna told me that “raising awareness is really what we need,” so please help SAFE spread the word. A community on Facebook called Egypt's Heritage Task Force has done a tremendous amount of work to track and stop looting and destruction of heritage sites, and it is that cooperation that we will continue to need in the coming months.
You can also join SAFE's latest campaign, Say Yes to Egypt, and read more about our efforts to raise awareness about the looting going on in Egypt here.
Residents of the street advocating for the name change agree.
"Having the word swastika on my provincially issued driver's licence and my federally issued mailing address associates me with bigotry, intolerance and anti-Semitism," said Jennifer Horton. "That's not who I am and that's not how I want to present myself."
Audrey Guzar, another resident, said "you don't realize how often you have to give out your address until you are embarrassed about your street." She said she is usually met with looks of "horror and disbelief," often leaving her to explain that she is not a Nazi sympathizer.
The two women and their husbands contacted B'nai Brith Canada for help after other attempts to get action on the issue.
Horton said local residents on the street voted on the issue earlier this month among themselves, with a slight majority in favour of keeping the name.
"That statistic is not significant enough to sway the council" into making a decision, Horton said. "In addition to that, as we've said many times, this is an issue that is not only affecting our street — this is an issue that affects our entire community, our whole country, so it's not a matter of 50 people on a street having a vote."
She added that the street name is also problematic because the swastika is still used as a symbol of hate by white-supremacist groups.
Fishman said B'nai Brith Canada is also aware of a town in northern Ontario called Swastika, but noted that he wasn't aware of any residents in that community reaching out to his group for help changing the town's name.
"We still think it's inappropriate, but we prioritize the Swastika Trail in Puslinch, because there are local residents who have reached out and said, 'we want you help in changing the name,'" he said. "That's why we feel we really have a duty to speak up on this issue."
Carolyn O'Neil, a local historian in Swastika, Ont., said the town was named in the early 1900s after a local gold mine that used the symbol as one signifying good luck.
"We can't destroy our history," she said, noting that the town has never had any association with Nazism.
The Canadian Press
[Direct Download] [YouTube]
On November 30th, 2015, high-ranking officials from most countries on Earth will convene for two weeks at the so-called “COP21” summit in Paris. The objective of this international conference is to reach a strong agreement, which many parties hope will be legally binding, to curb greenhouse gas emissions and keep global warming below 2° Celsius.
To learn more about South Korea's efforts and interests with regards to the COP21 negotiations, we had the pleasure of interviewing Chung Suh-Yong, who is a professor at Korea University and one of the leading experts on the political and economic aspects of climate change in South Korea.
Professor Chung was a Member of the Presidential Committee for Green Growth, the Honorary Committee to Host the Green Climate Fund in the Republic of Korea and the Council of the Global Green Growth Institute. He sat on the Policy Advisory Board of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and is currently the Director of the Seoul Center for Climate Sustainable Development Law and Policy. He also chairs the Committee on International Cooperation at the Seoul Climate Change Center.
Professor Chung holds degrees in law and international relations from Seoul National University and the London School of Economics. He received his PhD from the Stanford School of Law.
There are several weaknesses [in terms of climate change readiness], but once again I would like to emphasize that most of the weaknesses are not Korea-specific, they exist everywhere. Rather, Korea needs to take it as […] a chance to take further leadership role by creating very good best practices. And then showing that we can actually overcome all these weaknesses […] I'm sure that Korea can do it.
The interview was recorded on November 10th in Seoul.
Posted on: October 17, 2011
Anker, Chin and Ozturk's recent route up the Shark's Fin on the northwest face of Meru Central (6310m), Garhwal Himalaya. The trio reached the summit on October 2 after twelve days of climbing. Their ascent resolves thirty years of more than two dozen attempts by elite alpinists to climb this direct line on the Fin. [Photo] Jimmy Chin
American climbers Conrad Anker, Jimmy Chin and Renan Ozturk climbed Meru Central (6310m) via the Shark's Fin in a twelve-day push. They summited on October 2 to become the first team to complete this highly sought-after objective. The Shark's Fin has repelled many experienced alpinists, with attempts on this line numbering in the dozens. This was Anker's third attempt to establish a route up the Fin, and the second attempt for both Chin and Ozturk. Over the years, the trio has accumulated thirty-plus days on this prow.
Several would-be ascents of the Shark's Fin resulted in new routes on Meru Central. After an initial attempt on the Fin in spring of 2001, Valeri Babanov returned that autumn to establish Shangri La (ED 5.9/5.10 A1/A2 M5 75 degrees) to the right of the Shark's Fin line in a solo first ascent of the mountain that earned him a Piolet d'Or.
A light-and-fast attempt on the Shark's Fin was attempted by Anker, Doug Chabot and Bruce Miller in 2003. This team was turned away two-thirds of the way up the prow by deep, unconsolidated snow and a lack of proper gear for the upper wall. The following year the Japanese team of Hiroyoshi Manome, Yasushi Okada, Makoto Kuroda and Yasuhiro Hanatani set a new highpoint on the Fin at 6100m, but descended after Hanatani broke both legs.
advertisement
It was initially reported that Czechs Marek Holecek and Jan Kreisinger completed the second ascent of Meru Central in November 2006, but it was quickly discovered that the same Japanese team that attempted the Shark's Fin in 2004 had already achieved the second ascent of the peak by a variation of Babanov's route. A few days after the Japanese summited, the Czechs ticked the third ascent after aborting an attempt on the Shark's Fin and climbing instead to the right of the direct line, in yet another variation on Babanov's route.
Anker made his second attempt on the prow with Chin and Ozturk in 2008. The team was delayed on the climb for several days during a storm that dropped six feet of snow and, according to Chin, shut down the entire Himalaya. When the storm relented, they progressed beyond the highpoint of Anker's 2003 attempt. However, the team had severely rationed their ten-day supply of food during the storm; on their nineteenth day on the climb the team stopped about 150 meters below the summit. In a video dispatch posted after the team's return, Chin said, "Maybe this wasn't meant to be climbed ... I'm not coming back."
Renan Ozturk at the final camp before the summit push on the Shark's Fin. Ozturk and his partners have spent more than thirty days on the climb over the years. [Photo] Jimmy Chin
The trio were happy to give beta on their 2008 route to other teams aspiring to be the first to climb Meru via the Shark's fin. The following year the Slovenians Silvo Karo, Marko Lukic and Andrej Grmovsek attempted the same route in alpine style, hoping that a light-and-fast attempt over six days would circumvent some of the difficulties that the American team encountered in 2008. The unsettled weather prevented the Slovenians from acclimatizing as planned on other routes first; they decided to make the attempt nonetheless. After completing the two-day approach, a 700m snow slope and the rock ramp that leads to the headwall, the team turned around, citing a lack of proper gear, poor acclimatization and their alpine-style approach as mistakes for an attempt on the Shark's Fin.
Of Silvo Karo's team's attempt, Chin said, "We were all hoping he would get it done. But I thought, if he doesn't get it, maybe I'll go back and try it. And when he didn't get it, Conrad and I started talking a little bit about it again. It's such an iconic, legendary route. Nobody's been able to do it. We got so close in 2008; and having that knowledge of the route, knowing all the little things we would've done differently, it's hard not to go back and throw ourselves at it again."
This September Anker, Chin and Ozturk pushed through the bottom part of the route in a speedy six days. After climbing, hauling and jugging to the base of the overhanging Indian Ocean Wall, the team climbed steep aid sections with difficulties up to A4. These sections gave way to the Crystal Pitch, an overhanging and extremely exposed prow that they aided. A final section of mixed and aid climbing brought the team to the summit of Meru on October 2.
Anker and Chin were both quick to cite the good weather as a major factor in their success. Though temperatures rarely rose above minus twenty during the day, the clear skies allowed the team to cover a distance in a single day that took them six days during their last attempt. According to Chin, a unique challenge of this route is the range of equipment it requires. The team brought equipment for technical and alpine ice and rock in addition to a big-wall kit, rather than attempting the route alpine-style like the many teams before them.
"Tons of teams have tried the route alpine style. But you just can't. You have to go aid climbing. It's modern A4 up there," Chin said. "Hauling a big-wall kit through the lower alpine route complicates things right off the deck, which is part of what makes this route so logistically challenging."
Jimmy Chin jugs the upper wall of Shark's Fin. "Tons of teams have tried the route in alpine style. But you just can't. You have to go aid climbing. It's modern A4 up there," Chin said. [Photo] Jimmy Chin collection
Cumulatively, the three climbers have spent more than thirty days on the Shark's Fin. Their multiple attempts through bad weather, severely rationed supplies and a broken portaledge make this final ascent "one of the most meaningful we have ever experienced," Ozturk said. Their shared experience on the route in 2008 was an crucial factor this year; Chin said that going back with the same team was important to all of them, especially after Ozturk's ski accident in March of this year, which left him with severe cranial and spinal injuries.
"For Renan to come back and do this route was a really big deal," Chin said. "We could've brought someone else on, but it was important for us to have him." Anker agreed; he said they could have reduced their time on the climb by three days if they had climbed in a two-man team, but the experience of returning with the same trio was an important aspect of the expedition.
For Anker, this third attempt on the Shark's Fin was also a remembrance. "For me it was a tribute to Mugs [Stump]. We had talked about the Shark's Fin, and I had that unfinished business going back to a partner." Anker also praised his wife, Jennifer, and their sons for their support of the trip. "I think for the boys, the risk associated with this trip was a little bit different than it was for Jenny. It was also during the post-monsoon season, and twelve years since Alex passed away. The experience was pretty stressful for her." Alex Lowe, Anker's climbing partner and Jenny Lowe-Anker's first husband, was killed in a post-monsoon-season avalanche on Shisha Pangma in October of 1999.
The three climbers are eager to see others try their route. When asked if he had advice for climbers attempting the second ascent, Chin laughed, "They should call me." He and Anker agree that now that the route is in place, the second ascent could happen soon—but perhaps only with the right conditions. "I can't stress enough the importance that the weather played during our trip," Anker said. "We got incredibly lucky."
Read through our NewsWire archives to dig deeper into the Shark's Fin history:
November 16, 2006 NewsWire - Meru's Shark's Fin Remains Unclimbed
November 20, 2006 NewsWire - Japanese Climb Meru Before Czechs
Sources: Conrad Anker, Jimmy Chin, Renan Ozturk, 2002 American Alpine Journal, merudispatches.com, neverstopexploring.com, jhnewsandguide.com, climbing.com, aaj.americanalpineclub.org, himalayanclub.org, jimmychin.com, climbmeru.net.
The trio on the sunny summit of Meru on October 2. "We were incredibly lucky with the weather," Anker said. The climbers savored their success by drinking coffee at the summit before starting the two-day rappel to the base. [Photo] Jimmy Chin
Alpinist, our small editorial staff works hard to create in-depth stories that are thoughtfully edited, thoroughly fact-checked and beautifully designed. Please consider supporting our efforts by Here at, our small editorial staff works hard to create in-depth stories that are thoughtfully edited, thoroughly fact-checked and beautifully designed. Please consider supporting our efforts by subscribing
advertisement
Oct 29 2012 6:33PM GMT
Tags:
Thanks! We'll email you
when relevant content is
added and updated. Following SQL
With hurricane Sandy dropping into the East Coast of the US this week this is a perfect time to think about DR plans. DR planning isn't something that people should take personally when it is brought up. There are some IT professionals who consider DR planning to be a personal insult to their ability to setup and configure systems, and there are some developers who consider DR planning to be an insult to their programming abilities.
This tweets which Karen Lopez (blog | @datachick) shared shows the exact problem which she has run into when working with one (or more) of her clients.
Setting up DR (or backups in this case) has nothing to do with insulting the IT staff, or that the programmers don't know what they are doing. As IT workers our job is to hope for the best, but plan for the worst. In the case of this week the east coast of the US is being hit with about the worst case that they can get, a full blown hurricane going all the way up the coast.
I don't care how good you are at racking servers, installing Windows, writing software, etc. if the power at your data center goes out for a week, and they can't get fuel to the data center for a week (depending on the number of trees which are down between the highway and the data center, this is a real possibility) the systems will be down and you won't have planned correctly for the worst.
If you think about this from home perspective instead of the work perspective, when a disaster strikes you don't want to have to rush to the store to try to find bread and other food items to keep yourself and your family fed during the emergency. If you live somewhere that has regular natural disasters (which is pretty much everywhere at this point) you hopefully have canned food, bottled water, flashlights, etc. at home so that you can ride out this sort of disaster for a few days at the least without running out of food and water. Why shouldn't you plan accordingly at the office as well.
This sort of planning isn't something that can be done last minute, because you can't always see the disaster coming so you don't always have time to plan (or shop) right before (or as) the disaster happens.
With some forethought and proper planning any business can ride out any disaster. But it requires planning ahead of time and the dedication of the company and the employees to properly set up and test the DR solution. DR projects can be big scary projects if you don't have someone on staff who has experience with these sorts of things. But that's OK, that's what we have consultants for who specialize in these sorts of projects. Not every company needs to keep staff on hand that can plan out DR plans, but you should bring someone in who knows how to plan and execute these sorts of projects successfully. While the consultant may cost a few dollars an hour, it'll be much less than a failed DR project, and a whole lot less than a failed DR failover.
Denny
(Thanks to Karen for letting me use her Tweets in this post, and for Thomas LaRock (blog | @sqlrockstar) for letting me steal the picture of his kids.)
Bioinformatics is increasingly included in the undergraduate curriculum for biology students. Teaching bioinformatics is made difficult, however, by the constraints of a typical university computer classroom. Some areas of basic bioinformatics may be taught using such classrooms, where all that is required is an Internet connection and Web browser (e.g. BLAST [1] searches at the NCBI [2]). More in-depth teaching requires the re-creation of a bioinformatics research environment, consisting of a Linux or UNIX operating system, standard GNU utilities [3], specialist bioinformatics software, and sequence databases.
Undergraduate modules ought, ideally, to prepare students for research in an academic research group. Students who do pursue a research career will often find that institutional computer support is targeted to generic computer use (e.g. Microsoft software) rather than installing and maintaining systems suitable for bioinformatics. Particularly outside of bioinformatics research (but also occasionally within it), the principal investigator of the research group may never have used Linux, may have a limited idea of the procedures, and may expect group members to ‘pick things up' and deal with problems themselves. This requires researchers to have a high level of proficiency with Linux, including the ability to install both standard Linux packages and software for which no standard package may be available. A single taught module cannot prepare a student for all eventualities, but ought to leave the student with the basic skills and confidence to be able to discover solutions, and implement them, as required. Hence, a certain amount of system administration should appear in an undergraduate bioinformatics module for biologists.
Traditionally, the environment required for an undergraduate bioinformatics module has been created in one of four ways. Firstly, one may set up a central GNU/Linux server on the campus and allow students to connect by Secure Shell, ssh (‘the server approach'). The server will typically run either a standard Linux distribution or a specialist bioinformatics distribution such as NEBC Bio-Linux [4]. The server approach allows the instructor to have full control over the server, and allows students to connect from existing computing classrooms with little or no adjustment to the classroom software. For students to connect to the server via the intranet, classroom computers only require an ssh client, the X Window System (X11), and a means of file transfer such as secure copy (scp). Students may also connect to the server from home (typically requiring them to install virtual private network software in addition to ssh, X11 and an scp client) or elsewhere on campus. Secondly, one may provide students with a virtual machine, consisting of an environment similar to that which they might experience on the Linux server but running on a classroom computer, either with a standard Linux distribution or a specialist bioinformatics distribution such as DNA Linux Virtual Desktop Edition [5] (‘the VM approach'). This has the advantage that students may be given administrator access to their virtual machine. Thirdly, one may provide students with a Linux system on removable media (‘the USB stick approach', for example [6]; where files and settings do not have to be saved, a DVD may be used instead [7]). So long as students have the media to hand, this allows them to boot into ‘their own' Linux. As with the VM approach, students may be given administrator access. The additional advantage is that the media may be portable between computer classrooms and home computers, without requiring students to move virtual machine image files. Fourthly, students may be loaned or required to buy laptops of a specific kind, with a suitable operating system, data and software installed (‘the laptop approach'). This avoids hardware incompatibilities that the USB stick approach may, in practice, experience [6].
Because administrator access cannot be allowed, the server approach fails to give students experience of the standard mechanism of software installation. It also involves competition for resources such as CPU time, especially if the class is large or the server is also shared with research colleagues. The VM approach solves both these problems but is less portable. Although, in theory, students may transfer a VM from one computer to another (assuming the destination has the necessary virtualisation software installed), the task is non-trivial, and more time consuming than a simple transfer of data or documents. The USB stick approach reduces the portability problem, since it is trivial to move a USB stick from one computer to another. However, smooth operation on all hardware is not guaranteed and requires ongoing efforts from the developers of the Linux distribution as new hardware is released. The laptop approach avoids all these problems by providing a portable computer holding everything required for the course. However, it is expensive.
As a fifth approach, we propose loaning a Raspberry Pi computer [8] and associated peripherals to students for the duration of the course (‘the Raspberry Pi approach'). This includes a customised version of Linux, appropriate software and data. This allows students full administrator access to a suitable operating system, without the difficulties of the VM or USB stick approaches. Should the student accidentally damage critical files, the system can be re-written from a master image.
The Raspberry Pi Model B - with 256 MB (now 512 MB) RAM, an ARM11 CPU running at 700 MHz before over clocking and a Video core IV GPU - was released for public sale in 2012 [9] and costs £28.07a or £31.20 [10, 11]. Though additional items are required to turn it into a functioning, general-purpose computer (case, charger, SD card, mouse, keyboard, monitor and cable; and an entirely separate computer for initialising the SD card), it is still relatively low-cost (Additional file 1: Table S1). The existence of the Raspberry Pi is partly a celebration of the early days of popular computing in the 1980s, and an attempt to recreate that excitement among young people today [12]. It is also a symptom of the rapidly decreasing costs and increasing performance of computer hardware. The Raspberry Pi uses an ARM CPU [13]. Because of their high performance-per-watt, ARM CPUs are frequently found in small electronic appliances such as mobile phones and tablets. With CPU innovation increasingly driven by such applications, as opposed to more traditional areas such as desktop, laptop and server computers, the prevalence and utility of ARM-based computer hardware is likely to increase. Indeed, ARM-based servers are starting to appear in data centres, due to their modest requirements for power [14].
Though far slower than current desktop and laptop computers, the Raspberry Pi is notably faster than the Cray 1 supercomputer [15], a marvel of computer speed in its day. The valid question arises as to how much computer power is actually required to teach undergraduates bioinformatics? We propose that the answer is, by current standards, ‘not much'. The Raspberry Pi is more than adequate for the task. The Raspberry Pi approach includes all the benefits of the laptop approach, above, but at lower cost. In addition, the Raspberry Pi is a new and exciting computer system, which in itself can add interest to the course.
A variety of operating systems is available for the Raspberry Pi [16]. These include Raspbian [17], which is based on Debian GNU/Linux [18]. Over 35,000 Debian software packages are available pre-compiled for Raspbian, including Web browsers, text editors, word processors, and a wide range of bioinformatics packages [19]. Other software will usually compile and run without problems. Some features of recent CPUs (e.g. 64-bit addressing or vector operations) are absent, but we have not found these to be at all necessary for our proposed use of the Raspberry Pi. The most serious limitation, affecting structure visualisation software in particular, is limited graphics performance. Even so, some structural visualisation software does work on the Raspberry Pi [20]. New system software, improving graphics performance by making better use of the Raspberry Pi's GPU, is under development [21].
We provide 4273π, a customised version of Linux for Raspberry Pi computer hardware. 4273π includes an Open Access bioinformatics course, 4273π Bioinformatics for Biologists.
"In fact, if you add up the net wealth of his cabinet, it has more wealth than a third of the American people total -- close to 100 million people."
President Donald Trump's promise to "drain the swamp" was not convincing to Sen. Charles Schumer, D-N.Y., who illustrated his criticism with Trump's billionaire cabinet, which "has more wealth than a third of the American people total -- close to a 100 million people."
That seems like a large share of wealth in cabinet member's pockets. But is Schumer right?
He is, although his comparison is disputed among economists because so many Americans have a low net worth.
Schumer specifically talks about the "net wealth" of cabinet members. Net wealth is how much a person's assets are worth once you have subtracted liabilities, like mortgage or credit card debt. If a person has high debt that exceeds their assets, their net wealth is negative.
It is impossible to calculate the exact net wealth of Trump's cabinet, because the members are only required to indicate a range while filling out their financial disclosure forms, such as "between $15,001 and $50,000". The ranges can vary by up to 25 million.
That is a pretty vague indication.
Schumer's office cited an article from December by the website Quartz that evaluated the wealth of 17 of Trump's cabinet members to be more than $9.5 billion.
Other news media, like the NBC News estimated it to be as high as $14.5 billion. We looked at data provided by OpenSecrets and publicly available financial disclosure forms and found a much lower number: $3.5 billion, not including assets of spouses. Due to a lack of information, we could not add Sonny Perdue, the nominee for Secretary of Agriculture, and Alexander Acosta, Trump's nominee for Secretary of Labor, to that number.
However, it would not have made a big difference.
It also doesn't really matter how rich Trump's cabinet members exactly are.
According to the Federal Reserve, a U.S. household had an average net wealth of $46,700 in 2013, which are the most recent numbers available.
However, the bulk of wealth in the United States is owned by the top 10 percent, according to the Congressional Budget Office. The bottom half only holds 1 percent of U.S. wealth distribution.
The U.S. Census Bureau reported that in 2011 the bottom quintile of Americans had a negative net wealth of -$6,029 and the second quintile had a net wealth of $7,263. This is compared to a large difference with the third quintile: $68,839 in 2011. The number keeps rising exponentially for the fourth quintile who own $205,985 and the highest quintile who owned $630,754.
"The bottom one-third of American households ranked by wealth own approximately nothing," says Gabriel Zucman, an economist at the University of Berkeley. That is because some either have a very low or even negative net wealth, due to high debt.
For that matter, it does not take a lot to "have more wealth than a third of the American people," like Schumer claimed, Zuchman added.
So even if Trump's cabinet were all people from the middle class, Schumer's statement would still be accurate.
Our ruling
Schumer said that Trump's cabinet had more net wealth than a third of the American people. He bases his claims on an estimate of $9.5 billion of net wealth for the cabinet. Economists familiar with those kinds of comparison told us that Schumer got his numbers right.
But they also told us that there needs to be clarification on the meaningfulness of Schumer's statement, since it doesn't take billions of dollars to be richer than the bottom third of of the United States.
We rate this claim Mostly True.
Bluegrass music jam at the Delafield Fish Hatchery in Delafield, Wisconsin on February 8, 2009.
A jam session is a relatively informal musical event, process, or activity where musicians, typically instrumentalists, play improvised solos and vamp on tunes, songs and chord progressions. To "jam" is to improvise music without extensive preparation or predefined arrangements, except for when the group is playing well-known jazz standards or covers of existing popular songs. Original jam sessions, also 'free flow sessions', are often used by musicians to develop new material (music) and find suitable arrangements. Both styles can be used simply as a social gathering and communal practice session. Jam sessions may be based upon existing songs or forms, may be loosely based on an agreed chord progression or chart suggested by one participant, or may be wholly improvisational. Jam sessions can range from very loose gatherings of amateurs to evenings where a jam session coordinator or host acts as a "gatekeeper" to ensure that only appropriate-level performers take the stage, to sophisticated improvised recording sessions by professionals which are intended to be broadcast live on radio or TV or edited and released to the public.
Jazz [ edit ]
One source for the phrase "jam session" came about in the 1920s when white and black musicians would congregate after their regular paying gigs, to play the jazz they could not play in the "Paul Whiteman" style bands they played in. When Bing Crosby would attend these sessions, the musicians would say he was "jammin' the beat", since he would clap on the one and the three. Thus these sessions became known as "jam sessions".[1] Mezz Mezzrow also gives this more detailed and self-referential description, based on his experience at the jazz speakeasy known as the Three Deuces:
I think the term 'jam session' originated right in that cellar. Long before that, of course, the colored boys used to get together and play for kicks, but those were mostly private sessions, strictly for professional musicians, and the idea was usually to try to cut each other, each one trying to outdo the others and prove himself best. Those impromptu concerts of theirs were generally known as 'cuttin' contests.' Our idea…was to play together, to make the improvisation really collective… Down in that basement concert hall, somebody was always yelling over to me, 'Hey Jelly, what you gonna do?'—they gave me that nickname, or sometimes called me Roll, because I always wanted to play Clarence Williams' '(I Ain't Gonna Give Nobody None O' This) Jelly Roll'—and almost every time I'd cap them with, 'Jelly's gonna jam some now,' just as a kind of play on words. We always used the word 'session' a lot, and I think the expression 'jam session' grew up out of this playful yelling back and forth.[2]
The New York scene during World War II was famous for its after-hours jam sessions. One of the most famous was the regular after-hours jam at Minton's Playhouse in New York City that ran in the 1940s and early 1950s. The jam sessions at Minton's were a fertile meeting place and proving ground for both established soloists like Ben Webster and Lester Young, and the younger jazz musicians who would soon become leading exponents of the bebop movement, including Thelonious Monk (Minton's house pianist), saxophone player Charlie Parker, and trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie. The Minton's jams had competitive "cutting contests", in which soloists would try to keep up with the house band and outdo each other in improvisational skill.[3]
Afro-Cuban music [ edit ]
Influenced by jazz, Cuban music saw the emergence of improvised jam sessions during the filin movement of the 1940s, where boleros, sones and other song types were performed in an extended form called descarga. During the 1950s these descargas became the basis of a new genre of improvised jams based on the son montuno with notable jazz influences pioneered by the likes of Julio Gutiérrez and Cachao. During the 1960s, descargas played an important role in the development of salsa, especially the salsa dura style.[4]
Rock [ edit ]
As the instrumental proficiency of pop and rock musicians improved in the 1960s and early 1970s, onstage jamming—free improvisation—also became a regular feature of rock music; bands such as Pink Floyd, Cream, the Jimi Hendrix Experience, Deep Purple, The Who, the Grateful Dead, AC/DC, Led Zeppelin, Santana, King Crimson and the Allman Brothers Band would feature live improvised performances that could last anywhere between 10 and 20 minutes. However, they can be shorter on the recorded version.
Jam bands [ edit ]
Phish is an example of a "jam band".
Though the Grateful Dead are often credited as being the first jam band, Cream incorporated long improvisations into their songs as early as 1967. However, the Grateful Dead allowed the "jam band" to become a genre unto itself; more recent bands following in their steps include Phish, moe., Umphreys Mcgee, and Widespread Panic, all of which feature extended improvisational sessions. Other bands, such as the Red Hot Chili Peppers also regularly perform live jam sessions. Progressive rock band Coheed and Cambria often end shows with a jam session to their song "The Final Cut" with different instruments.
Bluegrass [ edit ]
Bluegrass pickin'.
Bluegrass music also features a tradition of jamming. Bluegrass jams happen in the parking lots and campgrounds of bluegrass festivals, in music stores, bars and restaurants and on stages. Bluegrass jams tend to be segregated by the skill level of the players. Slow jams for beginners provide an entry point. Open bluegrass jams are open to all comers, but the players in an open jam will expect a certain level of proficiency from participants. The abilities to hear chord progressions and keep time are essential, and the ability to play improvised leads that contain at least a suggestion of the melody is desirable. Jams that require advanced musical proficiency are generally private events, by invitation only.
See also [ edit ]
The Integrated Homicide Investigation Team (IHIT) has been called in after a man died in New Westminster early Tuesday morning.
At approximately 3:40 a.m., New Westminster Police were called to the 700-block of 5 Avenue, along with BC Ambulance, to help a man who had sustained injuries during an altercation.
When officers arrived, they did find a suspect and take him into custody.
The victim later died from his injuries and that is when IHIT took control of the investigation.
Police say from the evidence gathered so far, this homicide does not appear to be random.
Officers are currently gathering evidence and no further information will be released at this time.
Anyone with information regarding this investigation can call the IHIT information line at 1-877-551-IHIT (4448).
Should you wish to remain anonymous, contact Crime Stoppers by phone at 1-800-222-TIPS (8477).
Share. Superman 64 never looked so good! Superman 64 never looked so good!
A freelance hardware and software designer has created an adapter to let fans of the Nintendo 64 plug their systems into their sets via an HDMI cable.
Anyone who has plugged their trusty N64 into an HDTV knows all too well the heartbreak that ensues. The games, already painfully dated as far as polygonal graphics are concerned, don't handle well the transition to the 16:9, high definition output of modern sets. The old-school graphical charm is distorted in ways that make them look worse than they did on an old CRT standard television.
Exit Theatre Mode
The creator of the adapter, a 23 year-old by the name of Marshall H, has a background in electrical engineering and design work. He told VentureBeat's GameBeat he was initially sparked to create the adapter by the lamentations of many people, himself included, who noticed how poorly N64 graphics showed on flatscreen televisions.
With HDMI, or DisplayPort, Marshall said you will always get a better picture, even with the "low-res pixel soup from the N64."
The adapter is still in development, with Marshall looking to improve on his original design -- like making the mod easier to install. In its current incarnation, the adapter requires a bit of soldering. He also wants to make sure it works with the various television formats used around the world. "A lot of N64 fans are Down Under," he said.
Marshall has a website, Retroactive, where you can read more about his N64 adapter, along with entries about his other projects.
Seth Macy is a freelance writer who likes taking photos. Follow him on Twitter @sethmacy, and MyIGN at sethgmacy.
* If you meet the requirements by the end of August, the mount will be sent to you on or after Tuesday, September 5 via the moogle delivery service. * If you meet the requirements by the end of September, the mount will be sent to you on or after Thursday, October 5 via the moogle delivery service.
Meet each of the following conditions during the campaign period to obtain the Falcon mount:
Mount Details
Mount: Falcon An independent project of Garlond Ironworks engineer Wedge, this single-rider airship allegedly recorded some of the fastest flight speeds ever...until a tragic accident following an attempt to see how high the ship could soar convinced its creator that perhaps a modicum of restraint was necessary.
* Players will be able to ride mounts once they have reached level 20 and have obtained a chocobo.
* The Falcon is a flying mount. Players must fulfill the conditions to fly in an area before being able to use it as a flying mount.
* The Falcon can be used to swim and dive in areas where the required conditions have been met.
* The Falcon will be distributed to all characters on the service account.
The Islamic Front, a recently formed Islamist alliance of several large groups that cooperate with al Qaeda in Syria, has driven Free Syrian Army forces out of bases and a warehouse at the Bab al-Hawa border crossing into Turkey. Late last month, the warehouse and its FSA commanders were taken over by the al Qaeda-affiliated Islamic State of Iraq and the Sham.
Following an all-night battle between the Islamic Front and FSA units, today Islamic Front fighters seized FSA arms depots containing weapons that had come into Syria through Turkey, according to the activist Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.
FSA spokesman Louay Meqdad said the Islamic Front fighters raised their own flag in place of the FSA's, after “asking” FSA personnel to leave, Reuters reported.
Agence France Presse notes that the capture of the FSA bases took place only four days after the Islamic Front declared that it rejected FSA command.
Last week, the Islamic Front, estimated at 45,000 fighters, published its charter, which sets out its goals of creating an Islamic state under sharia law. Although the charter does not mention al Qaeda or its two official Syrian branches, the Al Nusrah Front for the People of the Levant and the Islamic State of Iraq and the Sham, the Islamic Front embraces jihad and calls the foreign fighters “our brothers.” Taken as a whole, the charter indicates that the Islamic Front is willing to cooperate with both Al Nusrah and the ISIS; most of the Islamist groups that make up the Islamic Front have fought alongside the al Qaeda groups already. [See LWJ reports, Islamic Front endorses jihad, says ‘the Muhajireen are our brothers,' and Analysis: Formation of Islamic Front in Syria benefits jihadist groups.]
Shortly after the publication of the charter, General Salim Idriss, head of the FSA's Supreme Military Council, congratulated the Islamic Front on its formation and pledged to cooperate with it. A few days earlier, on Nov. 24, an FSA spokesman had claimed that the Islamic Front answered to the Supreme Military Council; he also estimated that the Islamic Front controlled up to 60 percent of the rebel fighters in Syria, TIME reported.
A report in the BBC today states that al Qaeda-linked fighting units are becoming increasingly organized in the recruitment and transfer of foreign fighters through safe houses near the Turkish border into Syria and often out again back to their home countries.
A French jihadist who joined a brigade that consists of 8,000 fighters told the BBC that “there are thousands of us, literally from every corner of the world” and “we are all al-Qaeda.” He also claimed that his brigade had pledged allegiance to the Islamic State of Iraq and the Sham.
In a further indication of the growing strength of the Islamist forces and corresponding weakness of the Western-backed Free Syrian Army, a former rebel commander told the BBC that FSA fighters are now being targeted by jihadist forces and that he fled to Turkey after jihadists captured his unit and killed most of his men.
Are you a dedicated reader of FDD's Long War Journal? Has our research benefitted you or your team over the years? Support our independent reporting and analysis today by considering a one-time or monthly donation. Thanks for reading! You can make a tax-deductible donation here.
GARDAI have tonight launched an appeal for information on the whereabouts of a missing 58-year-old woman.
GARDAI have tonight launched an appeal for information on the whereabouts of a missing 58-year-old woman.
Gardai in Ballyconnell are trying to trace the whereabouts of 58-year-old Shirley Mee who is missing from her home in Belturbet, Co. Cavan, since yesterday.
She was last seen at around 11.30am when she left her home driving a sky blue coloured Ford Focus saloon, registration number 04-CN-2121.
She is described as approximately 5ft 3” in height, of average build, with brown eyes (wears spectacles) and blonde hair.
When last seen she was wearing a red jacket, green top, blue jeans and brown shoes.
Anyone with information is asked to contact Ballyconnell Garda Station on 049 9526102 or the Garda Confidential Line 1800 666 111.
Online Editors
Stephanie Green, a postdoctoral fellow at the Center for Ocean Solutions at Stanford University, shares this Frontiers Focus on the effects of oil sands development on ocean ecosystems, from the March 2017 issue of ESA Frontiers.
North America contains some of the largest sources of bitumen—a thick, sticky petroleum extracted from land-locked clay and sand deposits known as oil sands. Bitumen must be heavily processed before it can be used as an energy source. Processed bitumen is set to play a larger role in meeting the global demand for fossil fuels, despite the potential environmental risks that its extraction and distribution pose.
Most oils sands deposits are far from the ocean, and so research into ecosystem impacts of oil sands development has focused on the land. But transport, storage, and the global effects of fossil fuel use put our oceans and coasts at risk as well.
This March in Frontiers in Ecology and the Environment, my colleagues and I examine how extracting, refining, and transporting bitumen products from oil sands can impact some of the world's most biodiverse and productive ecosystems: our oceans. We review the current state of knowledge about 15 threats to marine life associated with transporting bitumen products to market via coastal shipping, and the effects of acidifying, warming, and rising seas caused by greenhouse gas emissions that intensify climate change.
We found key research gaps that need to be filled, such as bitumen's toxicity to marine species. We also identified opportunities where existing research could be better used to inform decisions about extraction, transport, and energy alternatives. Both filling knowledge gaps and taking better advantage of the scientific knowledge we already have are two crucial steps toward making informed choices about energy development for the future.
Stephanie J Green, Kyle Demes, Michael Arbeider, Wendy J Palen, Anne K Salomon, Thomas D Sisk, Margot Webster, and Maureen E Ryan (2017) Oil sands and the marine environment: current knowledge and future challenges. Front Ecol Environ 15(2): 74–83, doi:10.1002/fee.1446
⇒More from Frontiers Focus:
It has occurred! On the evening of 9/10/12, we talked with actress Lucy Lawless about fame. Listen to the episode. She's been a great supporter of the Partially Examined Life, and if she is to be believed (and her piercing stare will make you believe it), our little discussion group product inspired her to go back to school and study philosophy, in between flying back from New Zealand to the states to film things, saving the arctic, and tweeting. She was a great sport, and regular listeners will be pleased that the recording came off much more like a regular PEL episode than a fawning celebrity interview. Much as when we have had a comedian or artist on in the past, Lucy was there to provide a reality check on our wild speculations about that divide between the numinous and the civilians.
The jumping-off point for our discussion was a 2010 book, Fame: What the Classics Tell Us About Our Cult of Celebrity by Tom Payne, who's a British classics dude who wrote book reviews for The Telegraph and now teaches classics (i.e. not philosophy) at the Sherborne School in Dorset, England (here are some of his articles at Huffington Post, to get a flavor of his writing). The book combines stories about Homeric heroes and Roman emperors with discussions of people like Britney Spears and Kate Winslet. His thesis is that celebrities fill a social need, an outlet for our collective aggression, that we can trace back to ancient times, where young maidens were lavishly bestowed with fineries and then sacrified. We idolize them, but set them up to disappoint our expectations, at which point we turn on them and raise up a fresher, younger replacement. The book is fun to flip through, and transmits and applies some interesting ideas, largely from anthropologist James Frazer's The Golden Bough: A Study in Magic and Religion (1890). From wikipedia: "Its thesis is that old religions were fertility cults that revolved around the worship of, and periodic sacrifice of, a sacred king." Another key source is Walter Berkert's Homo Necans: The Anthropology of Ancient Greek Sacrificial Ritual and Myth (1972). Also from wikipedia:
The book's core thesis is that when paleolithic man became a hunter, in spite of the generally omnivorous orientation of the great apes, lack of a predator instinct was made up for by turning patterns of intra-species aggression against the prey: Homo necans means "man the killer". Thus, the animal hunted by ancient man automatically acquired aspects of an equal, as if it were of one of the hunter's relations. In a first attempt at applying ethology to religious history, Burkert confronts the power and effect of tradition in uncovering traces of ancient hunting rituals so motivated in historical animal sacrifice and human sacrifice (by his thesis unified as deriving from the same fundamental principle) in specific historical Greek rituals with relevance to human religious behaviour in general.
As a warning, Payne's is not a book that claims to be philosophy, so while the comparison of these ancient rituals to our treatment of celebrity is interesting and has a nice Freudian feel, it's not developed in the book so much through argumentation as through a cavalcade of anecdotes. Payne's knowledge of philosophy seems limited to the ancient Greeks (and in that, it's got a classics bent, in that knowing the allegory of the cave is much different than slogging through the Theaetetus) and things that literary critics learn about, e.g. he brings up Saussure and Levi-Strauss at one point. This may explain why the stylistic organization is a bit disconcerting; it's not always easy to figure out what the point of a chapter or some of its contents is and how exactly it relates to the overall thesis. It might be easier to think of the book as variations on a theme: musings about celebrity culture in light of cool historical and literary tidbits.
Still, it gave us a platform to ask questions like whether celebrity worship is necessarily aggressive and whether the rise of famous individuals is a natural byproduct of the associations that make up a society (along the lines of our Aristotle's Politics discussion). Maybe wanting to be a celebrity, and wanting to take them down are simple matter of Will to Power a la Nietzsche. Is the behavior of stalkers and Internet trolls representative of the extremes of a tendency that we all share, or are they just nuts? Do celebrities occupy the same brain space in our lives as people we actually know? If you're talking to a celebrity, should you let on that you already know what they're telling you about their lives because you read it online? Does Tony Danza think that Lucy has some splainin' to do? All these answers are revealed, and more!
(CNN) Regime airstrikes on a school complex in northwestern Syria killed at least 35 people, including 20 children, the Syria Civil Defense volunteer rescue group said, in what could be one of the deadliest strikes yet on a school in the nation's five-year war, according to the UN.
The death toll is expected to rise as dozens of others were injured in the Wednesday attacks, said Majd Khalaf, a communications officer with the rescue group, also known as the White Helmets. Another rescuer told the activist-run SMART News Agency that around 50 children were leaving the front door when the strikes hit.
An abandoned classroom after it was hit with airstrikes on Wednesday in the Syrian village of Hass.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights blamed the strikes on the Syrian regime and Russia, but it is generally difficult to distinguish between Syrian and Russian jets.
Russia has been supporting President Bashar al-Assad's regime with airstrikes since September 2015, and the allies have been widely criticized for targeting civilians, and hospitals and schools in rebel-held areas.
Rescuers from the Syrian Civil Defense and civilians search for victims following the school strikes.
Jets hit the complex and the surrounding area in the village of Hass, in Idlib province, six times and many people remain in critical condition, Rami Abdulrahman, director of the Observatory told CNN. The school had students from the first to ninth grade enrolled, he said.
The White Helmets said that there were three schools in the complex, and shared photos on social media showing buildings reduced to rubble.
3 schools was targeted in #Has #Idlib by many airstrikes including a double tap 26+ killed many injured 20 children and 3 men and 3 women pic.twitter.com/KaMCDBG5Y9 — Majd khalaf (@majdkhlafa19931) October 26, 2016
'Such barbarity'
UNICEF, the UN agency for children, said that the strikes may amount to a war crime.
"It's a tragedy. It's an outrage. And if deliberate, it's a war crime" UNICEF executive director Tony Lake said in a statement.
"This latest atrocity may be the deadliest attack on a school since the war began more than five years ago," he said.
"When will the world's revulsion at such barbarity be matched by insistence that this must stop?"
"It's a tragedy. It's an outrage. And if deliberate, it's a war crime" Exec Dir Tony Lake on #Syria school attacks https://t.co/bopqGZK0Ll — UNICEF (@UNICEF) October 27, 2016
The Syrian Civil Defense -- a volunteer rescue group also known as the White Helmets -- said that there were three schools in the complex, and shared photos on social media showing buildings reduced to rubble.
Many hospitals and schools in Syria have been forced underground to avoid becoming targets of regime and Russian airstrikes, particularly in rebel-held eastern Aleppo.
A UN report in August found "sufficient evidence" that the regime had used chemical weapons on civilians, particularly barrel bombs laden with chlorine gas in Aleppo. The Syrian government and Russia both deny the accusations.
'Next generation is a lost generation'
The school strikes come as pressure mounts on the international community to find a solution to the war, even though talks are faltering between the US and Russia, major players in the conflict.
Attention in the fight against ISIS has also been diverted to Iraq in the past two weeks as a major operation got underway, involving a coalition of more than 100,000 people, to seize the city of Mosul from ISIS control.
Photos: Heartbreaking images following Aleppo airstrike A Syrian family leaves the area following a reported airstrike on Friday, September 23, in rebel-held east Aleppo. Following the airstrike, recovery teams from Syria Civil Defense, known as the White Helmets, began working to free the trapped and recover the dead, including small children. Hide Caption 1 of 7 Photos: Heartbreaking images following Aleppo airstrike Hide Caption 2 of 7 Photos: Heartbreaking images following Aleppo airstrike This photo was released by the volunteer group Syria Civil Defense of the bodies of a man, with his knee pulled up near his face, and a child covered in dust after they were killed in the airstrike. Hide Caption 3 of 7 Photos: Heartbreaking images following Aleppo airstrike The volunteers work to recover the bodies the man and child. Hide Caption 4 of 7 Photos: Heartbreaking images following Aleppo airstrike A Syrian man carries the body of his nephew, recovered from the rubble. Hide Caption 5 of 7 Photos: Heartbreaking images following Aleppo airstrike The volunteers remove an infant's body from the destroyed building. Hide Caption 6 of 7 Photos: Heartbreaking images following Aleppo airstrike A Syrian woman carries the body of her infant after he was recovered. Hide Caption 7 of 7
Stephen O'Brien, the UN under-secretary-general for humanitarian affairs, made a desperate plea to the UN Security Council Wednesday in New York for progress on a solution.
You can listen to part of the speech here:
He highlighted how children had been caught in the conflict's crosshairs, especially in the city of Aleppo.
"Children in besieged eastern Aleppo were due to resume school in late September. They didn't. Instead, shell-shocked children are retrieved from rubble and left writhing in bloody clothes on dirty hospital floors," he said.
A Syrian man rescues a child after an airstrike in Douma in January.
He said that across the country, one in four schools had shut down, more than 52,000 teachers had left their jobs and over 2 million children remained out of school. "And another 400,000 are at risk of dropping out as the horrors of this brutal and savage war continue unabated," he said.
"What future do these children have -- illiterate, orphaned, starved and maimed? What future does a country have when its next generation is a lost generation? These children do not have the luxury of waiting for another Geneva, Vienna or Lausanne to succeed. They need our protection now."
JUST WATCHED Syrian hospitals attacked, civilians killed Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Syrian hospitals attacked, civilians killed 01:46
US Defense: Offensive against ISIS in Raqqa 'within weeks'
Despite the enormous offensive in Mosul, to which the US has dedicated hundreds of special forces, US Defense Secretary Ash Carter said Wednesday it would only be a matter of weeks before Washington and its allies were ready to drive ISIS from the Syrian city of Raqqa, the militant group's symbolic capital.
The preparations come amid fears ISIS is plotting an attack somewhere around the world from inside the city.
Iraqi families displaced by the ongoing operation to free Mosul from ISIS control.
The plan "has us generating those forces in a matter of weeks ... generating them and positioning them for the isolation of Raqqa," Carter said, without giving any further details.
"That's what I'm going to say," he said, adding, "And not many weeks."
It has been "long planned" that the US-backed assault on Mosul -- which started earlier this month -- and Raqqa would be overlapping, Carter said.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said Thursday that he had spoken to US President Barack Obama in a phone call to express his country's willingness to be part of the Raqqa offensive.
"Last night we had a long conversation with Mr. Obama and told him about the steps that we will take," Erdoğan said.
"I said 'Let's take Raqqa back from Daesh together. We will handle this together with you. We have the power.'"
Turkey is trying to take a bigger role in operations on its doorstep, vowing to participate in the current offensive to retake Mosul, despite Iraqi leaders saying Ankara was not needed.
He also said that he told Obama there was no need to use the Kurdish militia groups, some of which the US supports but Turkey considers terrorists. Some Kurdish groups, such as the Peshmerga, are at the forefront of the Mosul operation.
Today I have a little Space Seat to share. 11 pieces large, it's the perfect chair in which to comfortably weather the harsh nothingness of space. It can be used for other sitting applications as well, such as a desk chair. When using it outside of spacecraft I'd want to give it arm rests.
The reason the seat has no arm rests now is because I built it to be used in spaceships, where I would have controls for my crew to rest their arms on instead. I didn't include any controls on this one as they'd be different from seat to seat, depending on what the sitter's duties are.
My focus for designing the seat was making it look comfortable and form-fitting for my minifigs. You can see here that a minifig with a helmet (or hair) fits nicely against the back with helmet nestled securely between the two slope pieces, making it ideal for those bumpy blast-offs.
The back of the seat is simply the underside of a couple of hinge plates, but I like the way it looks. I'm not sure I would've done anything about it if I didn't like it because the chair back is already four plates wide measuring out from the minifig. To me it looks like there are a lot of adjustable bits for the chair in the back, since the plate bottoms look like they have knobs on them and holes for a screwdriver or something.
The chair in black as well as light bluish-gray from the other pictures. You can make a solid white one too. I haven't checked to see how many other colors you can make the entire thing out of, but if you mixed and matched colors there are about a zillion possibilities.
The pieces for the space seat spread out next to their assembled brethren.
With the above photo the LEGO Digital Designer file probably isn't necessary, but that's not going to stop me from posting it. Click the icon below to download it, and have fun!
LEGO Digital Designer File for “Space Seat”
Extra:
A modification to the space seat based on the suggestion of Reddit user iforgot120 to use Part 4871 for armrests! Genius.
Michael Rogers (Saxo-Tinkoff) defied the rain to take a solo victory at the Japan Cup, ending his 2013 season with his first win of the year. Related Articles Rogers' worlds campaign in doubt
Video: Riis dismisses doubts over future of Saxo Bank
Saxo Bank steps up sponsorship for 2014
Steele Von Hoff strikes in the Japan Cup Criterium
Michael Rogers returns adverse analytical finding for Clenbuterol
The veteran Australian was part of the decisive group that formed on the final lap of the hilly circuit race in Utsunomiya. He then got away with young British rider Josh Edmondson (Team Sky) before attacking again and riding solo to the finish. Using his time trial skills, Rogers continued to gain time all the way to the line.
Edmondson was eventually caught and finished tenth. New Zealand's Jack Bauer (Garmin-Sharp) was second at 44 seconds, beating Damiano Cunego (Lampre-Merida) and Julian Arredondo (Nippo-De Rosa). The big-name riders finished in the peloton. Ivan Basso (Cannondale) was 14th at 2:59 and Daniel Martin (Garmin-Sharp) was 23rd at 4:04.
“On the penultimate climb, Rory (Sutherland) and Evgeny (Petrov) did an amazing job narrowing down the front group to just seven or eight riders and soon I was alone with Edmundson,” Rogers explained.
“In the finale, I managed to so solo and was actually able to enjoy the final kilometers as the margin kept growing. A great way to win all thanks for the perfect set-up by teammates and a magnificent way to finish the season.”
On Saturday Steele Von Hoff won the Japan Cup Criterium, beating Bernhard Eisel (Team Sky) and Matteo Trentin (Omega Pharma-Quick Step) in the sprint.
Full Results
Thursday on the “1947″ Meet the Press podcast during his discussion with former Bush White House press secretary Ari Fleischer, host Chuck Todd blamed “political correctness” interfered with the media reporting on how “hated” the Clintons were in the Heartland.
Todd said, “I knew how hated Hillary was in the heartland.”
He continued, “Where I think political correctness got in the way of what we all knew as reporters and didn't fully deliver was how hated the Clintons were in the heartland. And I think it was a fear of, ‘Oh, is it going to look like it's sexist, anti-woman if we say that?'”
He added, “I saw ‘Hillary Clinton for Prison' signs on lots of yards as long as you went thirty miles outside a metro area. I think we underplayed it a little bit out of political correctness fears.”
Todd concluded, “If we sort of were straight-up honest and blunt about—hey do we understand the level of hatred that's out there—and you know, all the Hillary for Prison signs that are out there, we certainly would have at least made the viewer know, hey, you know, she's not well-liked in some places in this country in ways that's times ten when it comes to Trump.”
(h/t Washington Times)
Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN
EU negotiators are on the brink of formally concluding a €960 billion deal on the next seven year EU budget, after a tentative deal between national ministers and MEPs.
Irish deputy Prime Minister Eamon Gilmore, who led the talks in Brussels on Wednesday (19 June), told reporters that he and Alain Lamassoure, the French centre-right deputy leading the parliament team, agreed compromises on the four main EU parliament concerns.
"It's a very good day for Europe," said Gilmore.
"This budget is not about the institutions but a robust budget for jobs to be created," he added.
In a nod to the size of the overall spending commitments, Gilmore said the funding is, in modern terms, equivalent to over times the value of the Marshall plans - US funding for post-World-War-II reconstruction in Europe.
However, the Socialists, the second largest group in the parliament, have cast doubt on the deal.
Hannes Swoboda, who heads the group, said he regretted that governments did not make a "more substantial move" towards parliament's demands.
"It is clear that there is no agreement from the European Parliament at this time," he said, adding that the Socialists need to "carefully discuss" all the elements of the deal first.
Ivailo Kalfin, the Bulgarian MEP representing the Socialist group in the talks, tweeted: "Not satisfactory to all. We cannot confirm agreement."
The agreement is now to be presented to member states.
Parliament is to vote on whether to approve the budget in July at the final Strasbourg plenary session before the summer recess.
MEPs have been strongly critical of EU leaders' decision to reduce the bloc's spending to €960 billion from the European Commission's initial proposal of over €1 trillion.
In return for accepting the lower sum, they have been insisting on mechanisms to allow funds to be rolled over between years and on flexibility on where money is spent.
Following MEP demands, there will also be a mandatory review of the longterm budget in 2016 to give MEPs in the next legislature the chance to reassess spending needs.
EU institutions will also set up a working group to assess the future of EU "own resources," such as an EU-levied tax.
EU budget commissioner Janusz Lewandowski also welcomed Wednesday's agreement.
He said it contains "strong flexibility measures to make the fullest use of the amounts available to the EU budgets over the next years."
He added that the bloc's Solidarity Fund would be increased to make it more responsive to natural disasters, such as the flooding that swept through central Europe earlier this month.
Imagine you just had to defend your fiance from two masked men attempting to kidnap her. That experience would be harrowing alone, but imagine if you were then immediately kidnapped by the people who are sworn to protect you.
Police arrested Jeremiah Morin, the fiance of the woman who was almost kidnapped. Morin had run outside his Texas neighborhood home, pursuing the would-be kidnappers and firing multiple shots as they ran away, and escaped.
Police claim that he and his fiance were uncooperative in their investigation and that Morin is affiliated with a gang.
Much to the confusion of neighbors and the victim, deputies arrested Morin, saying he was affiliated with a gang and charging him with deadly conduct with a firearm. They alleged that he shot recklessly into the neighborhood while aiming for the attackers. “During the entire investigation, detectives with the Montgomery County Sheriff's Office Major Crimes Unit were met with resistance and a lack of cooperation from the victim and Morin as to the motive and details surrounding the attack,” the agency said in a statement. The news release also said Morin was known to be affiliated with a gang.
Police have not presented any evidence to support their claims. But should that matter anyway? Do you lose the right to defend yourself and loved ones because of other unrelated activity that may not be legal?
It basically sounds like police have something against Morin–whether he deserves it or not–and punished him for being uncooperative in their investigation.
Police then got a search warrant for Morin's home, and seized two guns, ensuring that if the attackers come back, he and his fiance will be unable to defend themselves.
So which gang is more dangerous? The one that Morin may or may not be involved in? Or the one who successfully kidnapped Morin, and successfully stole his means of defense–the police?
Police don't like when someone threatens their turf. The issue is that Morin ran outside and wildly sprayed bullets all over the neighborhood while successfully averting the abduction.
That is only okay when police do it. Like in the case of a New York City man who shot a coworker dead on the street. Police pursued him and opened fire when the suspect pointed a gun their way. They killed the suspect and injured 9 other people with their spray of bullets.
So why is it okay for police to respond to a crime by indiscriminately firing bullets in a crowded area, but not for a man defending his fiance from abduction? Morin didn't actually hit anyone with his stray bullets. And the police didn't actually save anyone with theirs.
Police are free to behave in a way that gets normal people arrested. And worse than failing to protect a family from attackers, police become the attackers, pose a larger threat to the family, and place them in more danger.
Police are solving fewer crimes these days. Only 64% of murders are generally cleared, which does not even necessarily mean a suspect is convicted. The rate of solving property crimes is as low as 18%, and an assault or rape has about a 50/50 chance of being cleared.
Which departments have the best rate of solving crimes? The ones who have the best relationship with the public they are sworn to protect. I don't think arresting someone for defending his wife is the best way to foster that community relationship.
Do you think the right to protect yourself should be null and void if you are involved in criminal activity? And should the police be allowed to behave in a way that gets the public arrested?
According to the Executive Summary of the 2010 CDC National Intimate Partner Violence Survey Report[1]
Nearly 1 in 5 women (18.3%) and 1 in 71 men (1.4%) in the United States have been raped at some time in their lives, including completed forced penetration, attempted forced penetration, or alcohol/drug facilitated completed penetration.
Regardless of the lifetime numbers, the more reliable previous year figures on tables 2.1 and 2.2 (pages 18 and 19) show rates of rape for women of 1.1% and rates of “made to penetrate” for men of…huh. Wouldn't you know it? 1.1%.
Unfortunately, lifetime stats are the least accurate, which is why reports like this almost always include previous 6 or 12 month figures.
From the full report's definitions:
Rape is defined as any completed or attempted unwanted vaginal (for women), oral, or anal penetration through the use of physical force such as being pinned or held down, or by the use of violence) or threats to physically harm and includes times when the victim was drunk, high, drugged, or passed out and unable to consent. Rape is separated into three types, completed forced penetration, attempted forced penetration, and completed alcohol or drug facilitated penetration.
Among women, rape includes vaginal, oral, or anal penetration by a male using his penis. It also includes vaginal or anal penetration by a male or female using their fingers or an object.
Among men, rape includes oral or anal penetration by a male using his penis. It also includes anal penetration by a male or female using their fingers or an object.
Being made to penetrate someone else includes times when the victim was made to, or there was an attempt to make them, sexually penetrate someone without the victim's consent because the victim was physically forced (such as being pinned or held down, or by the use of violence) or threatened with physical harm, or when the victim was drunk, high, drugged, or passed out and unable to consent.
Among women, this behavior reflects a female being made to orally penetrate another female's vagina or anus.
Among men, being made to penetrate someone else could have occurred in multiple ways: being made to vaginally penetrate a female using one's own penis; orally penetrating a female's vagina or anus; anally penetrating a male or female; or being made to receive oral sex from a male or female. It also includes female perpetrators attempting to force male victims to penetrate them, though it did not happen.
This is already problematic, since it lumps in both attempted and completed “forced/nonconsensual sex” by penetration of the victim (I use the quoted term, because both rape and being made to penetrate fall into that category and have basically identical definitions, yet the survey chose to apply two different terms), and then claims that 1 in 5 women and 1 in 71 men have been raped in their lifetimes.
Not the case. 1 in 5 women and 1 in 71 men reported having experienced completed or attempted rape, as the survey defined rape, in their lifetimes.
If they'd used an egalitarian definition of rape–that is, if they had included “made to penetrate” in their definition of rape, the lifetime numbers (less reliable than previous year ones, remember) would have been 1 in 5 women and 1 in 17 men experiencing completed or attempted rape.
Regardless of the lifetime numbers, the more reliable previous year figures on tables 2.1 and 2.2 (pages 18 and 19) show rates of rape for women of 1.1% and rates of “made to penetrate” for men of…huh. Wouldn't you know it? 1.1%.
A cluster of studies on gender and sexual violence show that women are about as likely as men to use aggressive strategies, including coercion, force, and drugs/alcohol, to get sex from unwilling partners. One study determined that 15% of female subjects had admitted having done so, or having attempted to do so, to get sex from an unwilling man. Other surveys and studies have found higher rates.
In addition, a number of studies on gender and perceptions of violent victimization indicate that men are more likely than women to forget or recontextualize as consensual sexual violence perpetrated against them (even in childhood), and that perceptions of the severity of female violence (by witnesses of both sexes) decreases over time. One study found that only 16% of men (compared with 64% of women) with a documented history of child sexual abuse reported it on a survey designed to capture victims of child sexual abuse. (Sorry, I don't have the link on hand, it was Ahola, et al.)
These two phenomena likely account for the much larger disparity between the previous 12 month and lifetime numbers for men who were “made to penetrate” than exists between the 12 month and lifetime numbers of rape for women. Extrapolating from the previous 12 month numbers, the lifetime rates for women should be slightly higher, but for men, they should be MUCH higher. Incidentally, 79% of men who were made to penetrate over their lifetimes (page 24) reported a single female perpetrator.
Men recontextualizing sexual violence against them (especially by women) as consensual complies with the cultural narrative of “men are (sexually) aggressive/women are (sexually) passive” as well as “men are perpetrators/women are victims”.
That narrative is certainly evident in the figures the NISVS chose to highlight in their executive summary (the largest female victim/male perpetrator and smallest male victim/female perpetrator numbers), and which acts of sexual violence they chose to “recontextualize” as “something other than rape” in their survey definitions (that is, the most common form of rape suffered by men, primarily perpetrated by women, and for which there were NO reported female victims at all).
[1] http://www.cdc.gov/violenceprevention/nisvs/
Further study: http://business.highbeam.com/435388/article-1G1-107203500/women-sexual-aggression-against-men-prevalence-and
For a more detailed analysis with citations see: Manufacturing Victims; Marginalizing Men
Aaron McGruder will reteam with John Witherspoon and newcomer Gerald "Slink" Johnson, Charlie Murphy and Corey Holcomb for the new live-action scripted comedy.
The Boondocks creator is bringing Black Jesus to Adult Swim.
The Turner-owned network has picked up a new half-hour live-action comedy series called Black Jesus from Aaron McGruder, The Hollywood Reporter has learned exclusively.
PHOTOS: Jesus in Film and TV: 13 Devilishly Handsome Actors Who've Played the Son of God
The new half-hour live-action scripted comedy finds Jesus living in present-day Compton, Calif., on a daily mission to spread love and kindness throughout the neighborhood with the help of his small but loyal group of downtrodden followers. Newcomer Gerald "Slink" Johnson (Grand Theft Auto V) stars as Black Jesus. Charlie Murphy (Are We There Yet?), Corey Holcomb (The Cleveland Show), Kali Hawk (Couples Retreat), Valenzia Algarin, up-and-coming comedian Andrew "King Bach" Bachelor, Andra Fuller (L.A. Complex) and The Boondocks' John Witherspoon round out the cast.
McGruder, who created the series, will executive produce via his 5 Mutts Productions along with Trailer Park Boys' writer-director Mike Clattenberg and LEG's Norman Aladjem and John Bravakis.
Cult animated comedy The Boondocks ran for three seasons (45 episodes) on Adult Swim from 2005 to 2010. Adult Swim confirmed in January that the series -- which featured a voice cast including Regina King, Witherspoon and Cedric Yarbrough, among others -- will return in April for a fourth season. The series is based on a comic strip that originated at McGruder's alma mater, the University of Maryland, College Park, and later appeared in The Source magazine.
STORY: Adult Swim Expands Primetime as Cartoon Network Develops Originals for Web
For Adult Swim, Black Jesus will join a roster of original programming that includes Dan Harmon's recently renewed animated series Rick and Morty; Black Dynamite; China, IL; Robot Chicken and The Venture Brothers, among others.
The series arrives as Adult Swim is poised to expand its primetime offerings starting March 31, when the adult-themed, late-night block starts its run an hour earlier at 8 p.m.
Black Jesus will premiere this year. A specific date and episode count have not yet been determined.
Email: Lesley.Goldberg@THR.com
Twitter: @Snoodit
As someone who follows the climate topic for several years, I've to conclude that we are still far away from taking climate change seriously. Around 10 years ago there were rather minor groups of concerned scientists and bloggers, while the media was giving “a balanced view” to the so called deniersphere. This went on for quite some time, until the media begun in the last 2-3 years or so to give less and less air time to mostly paid fossil industry shills. Last year for the first time the world agreed to a non-binding target to limit temperature rise by 2C, or maybe 1.5C. At the same time clean energy rises to new records around the globe with each passing month (See http://cleantechnica.com coverage ).
While there are certainly big steps to rid the world of technologies responsible for temperature rise, there are still people and politicians who try to delay actions. Many depends on the switch to cleaner transportation primarily electric driven, but the actual numbers are miniscule. And then there are all the other environmental issues like plastic garbage in the ocean, overexploitation of ecosystems and resources, loose of carbon sinks due to deforestation or monocultures and farming practises, contamination of the food chain for many reasons, such as pesticides (reducing butterfly pollinators considerably), or lack of a price on carbon, poverty (a hungry stomach is not concerned with the climate, or has the capital to go fossil free), or lack in required regulations and so on.
We are still sleepwalking into a disaster future
The weather progresses into a more erratic unstable configuration, and scientist learn more and more unsettling findings about looming change. One of those changes is related to a slowdown or even shutdown of the Atlantic Meridional Overturning Circulation (AMOC). Many scientists gave their expertise of what could happen or when it would happen in this regard, but it was never really making frontpage news, until recently, when they discovered the cold blob in the North Atlantic. Another related study from change taken place 12,000 years ago shows what can happen, without global warming in the mix. The interconnections in play here involves freshwater melt from the Greenland ice sheets, which basically results in decrease of the Ocean's water salinity, and through this process prevents colder melt waters from sinking (Study).
And it doesn't stop there. The colder waters at the surface slow the AMOC current and prevent warmer waters from sinking (less deep water formation), in turn causing warmer water pockets elsewhere. Recently another study attributed these warmer “hotspots” to an increase of the rate of sea level rise in parts of the U.S. East Coast (confirming previous research). The change which takes place here is also possibly contributing to extreme weather, like strong winter storms.
Back in 2003 a report noted:
“There is a possibility that this gradual global warming could lead to a relatively abrupt slowing of the ocean's thermohaline conveyor, which could lead to harsher winter weather conditions, sharply reduced soil moisture, and more intense winds in certain regions that currently provide a significant fraction of the world's food production. With inadequate preparation, the result could be a significant drop in the human carrying capacity of the Earth's environment.”
Last year James Hansen with other prominent scientists published a study on what they project under a 2C temperature regime.
Hansen et al 2015 found, that the shutdown or substantial slowdown of the AMOC, besides possibly contributing to extreme end-Eemian events, will cause a more general increase of severe weather. Additional surface cooling from ice melt increases surface and lower tropospheric temperature gradients, and causes in model simulations a large increase of mid-latitude eddy energy throughout the midlatitude troposphere. This in turn leads to an increase of baroclinicity produced by stronger temperature gradients, which provides energy for more severe weather events. Many of the most memorable and devastating storms in eastern North America and western Europe, popularly known as superstorms, have been winter cyclonic storms, though sometimes occurring in late fall or early spring, that generate near-hurricane force winds and often large amounts of snowfall. Continued warming of low latitude oceans in coming decades will provide more water vapor to strengthen such storms. If this tropical warming is combined with a cooler North Atlantic Ocean from AMOC slowdown and an increase in midlatitude eddy energy, we can anticipate more severe baroclinic storms. Our results at least imply that strong cooling in the North Atlantic from AMOC shutdown does create higher wind speed. The increment in seasonal mean wind speed of the northeasterlies relative to preindustrial conditions is as much as 10–20 %. Such a percentage increase of wind speed in a storm translates into an increase of storm power dissipation by a factor ∼1.4–2, because wind power dissipation is proportional to the cube of wind speed. However, our simulated changes refer to seasonal mean winds averaged over large grid-boxes, not individual storms.
Meanwhile the global temperature anomalies set one record year after another, with 2015 smashing the previous record holder 2014 by 0.2C!
RealClimate noted:
Could it be that human-caused climate change is actually boosting the magnitude of El Niño events themselves, leading to more monster events like the '98 and '15 events? That proposition indeed finds some support in the recent peer-reviewed literature. If the hypothesis turns out to be true, then the record warmth of '98 and '15 might not have been flukes after all. To summarize, we find that the various record temperatures and runs of unusually warm years since 2000 are extremely unlikely to have happened in the absence of human-caused climate change, and reasonably likely to have happened when we account for climate change. We can, in this sense, attribute the record warmth to human-caused climate change at a high level of confidence.
See also a post from 2013: Does Sea Ice loss create the condition for an emerging permanent El Nino state?
January 2016 saw the lowest Arctic sea ice cover on record for that month, based on satellite measurements. Wunderground's Ben Hanson mentioned:
Hand in hand with the skimpy ice cover, temperatures across the Arctic have been extraordinarily warm for midwinter. Just before New Year's, a slug of mild air pushed temperatures above freezing to within 200 miles of the North Pole. That warm pulse quickly dissipated, but it was followed by a series of intense North Atlantic cyclones that sent very mild air poleward, in tandem with a strongly negative Arctic Oscillation during the first three weeks of the month.
Also read my other post in those regards: Will a 2015 Arctic sea ice melt season during an El Nino year shatter previous records?
So what does this all mean?
Change is manifesting all around us, considerable sea level rise already considered irreversible, and with further Greenland melt it is plausible to assume that the Atlantic Meridional Overturning Circulation will further slow. Thus, will likely further contribute to a stronger temperature gradient in the North Atlantic, because of cold and warmer water spots – hence stronger storms, and as mentioned contributing to faster rise of sea level rise in regions.
And then there is research which makes a causal relationship between heat and violence and that any increase in average global temperature is likely to be accompanied by an increase in violent aggression. Imagine now a heatwave, drought which destroys crops, and which leads to price hikes, and food shortages. Or another scenario with unseasonal temperature swings of cold and warm anomalies, again threatening crops, causing food shortages, price spikes, which might create a situation leading to social unrest.
This also depends on how we prepare, but to my knowledge there is no preparation anywhere, unless you consider crowd control by police or military as a solution. In the best case we would have water and or food rationing. But once we see such scenarios playing out in the developed world, we will likely also loose steam to change our energy and transportation systems. At one point it means, everybody looks for himself. I do not suggest this will happen in the short term, but its rather a very unpredictable situation, depending on the rate of regional change.
In this regard a study from 2007 concluded:
We show that long-term fluctuations of war frequency and population changes followed the cycles of temperature change. Further analyses show that cooling impeded agricultural production, which brought about a series of serious social problems, including price inflation, then successively war outbreak, famine, and population decline.
And then there are still unknowns, i.e.:
*Modelling suggests with ice cap melt, a measurable increase in volcanic activity.
*Evidence of the Earth ‘waking up' specifically in relation to seismic activity in areas of Alaska.
*Methane hydrate destabilisation is clearly a real worry, particularly in the context of warming ocean waters in the East Siberian Continental Shelf
Abrupt change is happening now
Jim White who held a talk on abrupt climate change at the American Geophysical Union (AGU) 2014, pointed out that abrupt change is happening now.
The world is just not prepared to handle large scale abrupt changes, most of us never learned to grow our own foods, we just go to the supermarket and pick whatever we want from the refrigerator. Unless we learn to accelerate our efforts to keep pace with the system change required to stop all the developments, we risk that parts of the world become uninhabitable, and turmoil which could even lead to nuclear war.
The growth of our civilization reached a threshold, which will test our species capabilities, especially our intelligence in regards to how we manage future states of our environment. We can either try to stay in the realm of ecosystem boundaries (basically as far as possible back to a planet with around 280 ppm CO2 in the atmosphere), or we can keep acting situational and experimenting with the Earth's climate.
The majority of us is still using the same old technologies, and thinking which caused the climate crisis in the first place.
Further readings
Climate action
Climate change and national security
Cold blob (North Atlantic)
Shutdown of thermohaline circulation
Abrupt climate change
Glaciologists anticipate massive ice shelf collapse
I was having a lazy day at home, reading a book, when a lot seemed to happen all at once, really fast.
I thought I'd check the mail, since it usually came around that time. So I pop out to check the mailbox, discover it's empty, and IMMEDIATELY, the delivery truck pulls into my driveway. The truck means parcel! Wohoo! So I was handed my parcel, as well as my regular mail, which was weird, since it was the parcel truck, but I don't ask questions about these things.
Well, the mail I'm handed includes a card and I don't recognize the return address, so I figure that maybe my Santa sent a second card, since the gift was mailed through an online retailer, so I open the card first. The card was congratulations card for my impending new arrival - I had mentioned that there may be a delay in posting my gift, since I'd be on baby watch. Still no baby, so I'm making a prompt post :)
In the card was a a note from my Santa, a Tim Horton's gift card (Canadians are easy to shop for), and a super sweet note from my Santa's daughter about the hardships of being a big sister :) (Please let her know that the new baby is expected to be a girl) It was so sweet and thoughtful I nearly forgot about the large box I still had to open!
Well, naturally, I open the box, anyway! Inside, there are THREE books I've wanted to read, including 2 from Reddit's most recommended books
The Lightning Thief by Rick Riordan (Percy Jackson and the Olympians #1)
Hidden Empire by Kevin J. Anderson (The Saga of the Seven Suns #1)
A Fire Upon the Deep by Vernor Vinge
I'm very excited about all of these books, and as if it weren't enough: There was more in the box than just books! A Search and Find floor puzzle for my son! I can't wait to show it to him!
UPDATE: Cool. This post was nominated and made the shortlist for Most Influential Post of 2012 by edublog. I'm really honored!
What if the earth moves and the sun is at rest? What if gravity is just a special case of space-time? Following both counter-intuitive premises revolutionized science and ushered in the modern world. Could a similar counter-intuitive thought experiment advance education from where I believe we are currently stuck? I believe so.
The educational thought experiment I wish to undertake concerns curriculum. Not the specific content of curriculum, but the idea of curriculum, what any curriculum is, regardless of subject. Like Copernicus, I propose that for the sake of better results we need to turn conventional wisdom on it is head: let's see what results if we think of action, not knowledge, as the essence of an education; let's see what results from thinking of future ability, not knowledge of the past, as the core; let's see what follows, therefore, from thinking of content knowledge as neither the aim of curriculum nor the key building blocks of it but as the offshoot of learning to do things now and for the future.
In our own era, this may seem to some as nutty as Copernicus' idea must have seemed. For over a thousand years a formal curriculum has been conceived of as an organized and logically-sequenced march from the basics to advanced knowledge. Well, of course: whether we are Professors of Physics or third-grade teachers, when we develop a syllabus and lessons we consider the most important topics, and we then devise a sequence by which they are ordered and addressed via instruction. By this means we parcel out learning in clear and logically-sequenced elements. We design backward from human knowledge, in other words, and we sequence knowledge in ways that suit the learner's prior and current knowledge. What else could a curriculum be?
Well, this works fine if the present is just like the past; if ideas turn into competent action automatically; and if theory, not effects, matters most. Alas, each notion stopped being thought of as true in the time of Copernicus. That's why folks like Comenius, Rousseau, Spencer, Dewey, Bruner, and Toffler have been arguing for fundamental change over the last 300 years – not in the ‘content' but in the very meaning of education and thus curriculum.
So, suppose knowledge is not the goal of education. Rather, suppose today's content knowledge is an offshoot of successful ongoing learning in a changing world – in which ‘learning' means ‘learning to perform in the world.'
As odd as that might sound for academics, it makes perfect sense in our everyday lives. The point of child-rearing, cooking, teaching, soccer, music, business, or architecture is not ‘knowledge'; rather, knowledge is the growing (and ever-changing) residue of the main activity of trying to perform well for real.
In athletics this is very clear: the game is the curriculum; the game is the teacher. And each game is different (even as helpful patterns emerge). Knowledge about the game is secondary, an offshoot of learning to play the game well. As I learn to play, knowledge – about rules, strategy, and technique – accrues, but it is not the point.
So, it would be very foolish to learn soccer (or child-rearing or music or how to cook) in lectures. These reverses cause and effect, and loses sight of purpose. Could it be the same for history, math, and science learning? Only blind habit keeps us from exploring this obvious logic. The point is to do new things with content, not simply know what others know – in any field.
The Copernican hypothesis eventually made sense because it did two things: made better sense of the data, and dealt with increasingly embarrassing anomalies in the Ptolemaic view. Similarly for my theory: thinking of knowledge as an offshoot and performance as primary helps us make sense of current oddities and failures in schooling. For example, boredom is rampant in schools; perhaps it is the inevitable result of focusing on knowledge instead of performance (which is inherently more engaging). Forgetfulness is constant: students rarely recall what was taught a few weeks ago. How can content move from short-term to long-term memory if there is always more content to memorize tomorrow? And test results reveal over and over that few students can transfer learning to new challenges and overcome basic misconceptions. What do these unending “discrepant phenomena” tell us–if we would only attend to them?
Video games are especially startling from the perspective of conventional views of curriculum and instruction. According to the standard view, I should never be able to learn and greatly improve at the games since there is no formal and explicit curriculum framed by knowledge, and – even more puzzling – no one teaches me anything! I shouldn't learn but I do. In games (and in life), I begin with performance challenges, not technical knowledge. I receive no upfront teaching (or even manuals any more in games and other software!) but I learn based on the attempts to perform and feedback from trying – just as I did when learning to walk or hold a spoon. How is that possible? Conventional views of curriculum and instruction have no good explanation for it.
So, perhaps our ‘crazy' thought experiment has promise.
What else might follow from thinking of performance, not knowledge, as the aim of education? We might finally realize the absurdity of marching through textbooks. You want to learn English or be a historian? You would think it very foolish if I said: OK, sit down and let's march for years through a dictionary or an encyclopedia, A to Z. Yet, that is basically what textbooks do: march through content, logically organized. Want to learn to cook? Read the Joy of Cooking all the way through its 700+ pages – before ever setting foot in a kitchen??? Yet, this is what we do and have always done in conventional textbook and lecture-driven schooling. It is also absurd to teach novices lots of technical jargon upfront, as if that will somehow have meaning and stick for later use. Yet, from Friday vocab. quizzes to almost all tests terminology is an absurdly major focus. We must only still do it, like medieval monks, if at some level we still think that giving things names and possessing plus appreciating (eternal?) knowledge is the point of education.
Beyond these examples of transformed curriculum, there are other reasons for declaring that all conventional curriculum-writing is badly misguided and is doomed to fail the moment we frame it backward from topics and content instead of performance. The following questions are suggestive:
If curriculum is a tour through what is known, how is knowledge ever advanced?
If learning requires a didactic march through content, why are movies and stories so memorable – often, more memorable than classes we once took?
If a primary goal of education is high-level performance in the world going forward, how can marching through old knowledge out of context optimally prepare us to perform?
If education is about having core knowledge, and we are more and more teaching and testing all this knowledge, why are results on tests like NAEP so universally poor, showing that over decades American students have not progressed much beyond basic “plug and chug”?
A revealing shift in the winds has in fact occurred in our era in professional education. In medicine, engineering, business, and law courses are no longer built backward from content. They are built backward from key performances and problems in the fields. Problem-based learning and the case method not only challenge the conventional paradigm but suggest that K-12 education is increasingly out of touch with genuine trends for the better in education.
The thought experiment I propose is not new, as suggested by the reference to Dewey and to the case method in law – both over 100 years old. As in the history of science, this idea of designing backward from the ability to use content well for worthy present and future purposes has lurked under the surface or in pockets of the medieval paradigm that still dominates curriculum for centuries. All one has to do is read Plato's “Allegory of the Cave” and the Dialogues more generally, Kant's criticism of conventional education, Rousseau's Emile, Hegel's Phenomenology, dozens of books from the Progressive era in the 1920s – 30s, Piaget on what mental growth demands educationally, Bruner's Process of Education, the recent book Shop Class As Soulcraft, as well as current research on student misconceptions and their persistence to see perpetual papered-over weaknesses in the standard view and the promise in alternate conceptions.
Back to Tyler, everyone. A key person in the Progressive era was Ralph Tyler, the Director of Research for what came to be called the 8-Year Study – a major investigation, funded by the Carnegie Foundation, into the effects of progressive education. Tyler went on a few years later to write the modern classic text on curriculum-framing (based on his work as Director of Evaluation for the 8-Year Study) entitled The Basic Principles of Curriculum and Instruction. Yet, in spite of the book's success – it is still widely read in graduate courses – Tyler's rejection of the standard view of curriculum continues to be ignored.
He was quite blunt about the error of conventional curriculum: “it is clear that a statement of objectives in terms of content headings…is not a satisfactory basis for guiding the further development of the curriculum.” The critique resulted from a premise about the aim of education (since curriculum is the formal path by which we achieve our educational aims). What is the aim of any curriculum? According to Tyler, the general aim is “to bring about significant changes in students' patterns of behavior.” In other words, though we often lose sight of this basic fact, the point of learning is not just to know things but to be a different person – more mature, more wise, more self-disciplined, more effective, and more productive in the broadest sense. Knowledge is an indicator of educational success, not the aim. Thus, the conventional view of curriculum and the process of conventional curriculum writing must be wrong:
“The purpose of a statement of objectives is to indicate the kinds of changes in the student to be brought about so that the instructional activities can be planned and developed in a way likely to attain these objectives; that is to bring about these changes in students. Hence it is clear that a statement of objectives in terms of content headings…is not a satisfactory basis for guiding the further development of the curriculum. The most useful form for stating objectives is to express them in terms which identify both the kind of behavior to be developed in the student and the … area of life which this behavior is to operate.” pp. 45-7.
So, let's re-consider Tyler's claim. Let's follow the logic, since it holds out some promise of solving vexing and persistent problems of boredom and ineffectiveness that we see daily.
Advertisements
Sometimes the United States Olympic women's eight can make it look easy. Then there's the final of the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, when they carried a 10-year winning streak to the start line. It took something special to win gold.
The “unbeatable" U.S. women's eight, a dynasty in any sport, was running in bronze medal position to the halfway mark of the 2,000-meter course on Saturday. Canada, which has been gunning for the U.S. podium position for at least the last four years, was leading, the athletes pouring everything they had into the water of the Lagoa Rodrigo de Freitas racecourse.
Austin Hack
Great Britain, which had been rowing in sixth, climbed through the pack and moved into second, and Canada dropped into fifth. Great Britain made a push and tried to move on the U.S. in the last 500 meters, but the chase was over and the United States claimed the third-consecutive Olympic title.
The U.S. finished in 6:01.49 for gold. Great Britain was silver in 6:03.98, and Romania was third for the bronze medal in 6:04.10.
The buildup to the women's eight gold-medal race began last summer, when the eight won the 10th-consecutive title. The pressure mounted as the Olympics drew nearer, and the media attention went from bright light to spotlight, drawing comparisons to other sports dynasties; Sports Illustrated called the crew “The Unbeatables," in its Olympic preview edition.
It was the kind of pressure that could have distracted the nine athletes: coxswain Katelin Snyder, Amanda Elmore, Stanford grad Eleanor Logan, Meghan Musnicki, Gobbo, Lauren Schmetterling, Amanda Polk, Kerry Simmonds and Emily Regan.
“This one practice, a couple months ago, we had to endure a rowing piece," Logan said. “There was a group that went before us, and they were finishing their piece and everyone was giving two hundred percent. There was nothing left in their effort, and it was all on their faces. It made me think, ‘Wow, what an amazing experience to be a part of this group, where everyone is just giving everything they
have, every day.' To be able to not take for granted each moment, each practice and to keep getting better is an amazing experience."
This is a group with a mix of first-time Olympians, Olympic veterans and a steely coach who keeps a tight lid on any possible distractions. He understands that anything said prior to finals day can end up as fodder for the opposition to feed on.
“Meghan (Musnicki) and I have been saying that we feel so lucky and fortunate to be a part of this boat and this team," Logan said. “Their hunger to be the best we could be every single day has really pushed us to a new level that we didn't think we had. Every day we had to look to be better ourselves."
The men's eight was one of three U.S. crews to race in the finals Saturday. The crew of coxswain Sam Ojserkis, Stanford grad Austin Hack, Rob Munn, Mike DiSanto, Steve Kasprzyk, Glenn Ochal, Alex Karwoski, Hans Struzyna and Sam Dommer finished fourth in 5:34.23. Great Britain won gold in 5:29.63. Germany was silver in 5:30.96, and The Netherlands was third in 5:31.59.
“It's been a long year for us," said Hack. “We sort of retooled the whole thing, and it's been battles, week-in and week-out for almost 12 months. To finally get to this stage was awesome, but I'm sure everyone would have loved to have had a little more. We really wanted to go out hard and produce an effort we could be proud of. Our start wasn't our best, and we didn't really get into the rhythm that we wanted, but I think we really brought all the intensity and heart that we could have."
Global warming: Can we just stash the carbon dioxide?
Global warming is the nightmare that just won't quit. Fearing the biggest environmental catastrophe since the ice age, many scientists say the goal of the Kyoto agreement — slowing the increase in greenhouse gas emissions — will not do the job. Rather, we need to drastically cut dumping carbon dioxide into the atmosphere.
The past weeks have been a good one — at long last — for the gathering struggle against global warming. There was the symbolism of the Oscar for Al Gore's movie "An Inconvenient Truth." (On Mar. 21, Gore called global warming a "planetary emergency" in testimony to the U.S. House of Representatives). But there are other signs of new thinking, even in the foot-dragging United States, which remains the largest source of greenhouse gases — and the biggest opponent of cuts in those gases.
Last fall, California passed a landmark law to "cap" carbon dioxide emissions. Other states are considering similar measures.
Within the past two weeks, "the chief executives of America's largest automobile companies — General Motors, Ford, Chrysler and Toyota North America — pledged to support mandatory caps on carbon emissions, as long as the caps covered all sectors of the economy," according to The New York Times (see #1 in the bibliography).
On March 19, giant institutional investors met in Washington to press Congress for mandatory controls on carbon dioxide. "Joining a rising corporate chorus itching to sink money into clean energy projects, big investors will press the U.S. Congress on Monday to pass laws attempting to tackle global warming," wrote Reuters (see #2 in the bibliography). "The dozens of investors include Merrill Lynch, The Capital Group, which manages $850 billion in mutual funds, and the California Public Employees Retirement System, the largest U.S. pension fund, said a source at Ceres, a Boston-based coalition of investors and environmentalists."
Australia, a major source of coal — and big-time greenhouse-gasser — is funding two large pilot plants to store carbon dioxide deep underground.
TXU, a giant Texas utility, scrapped plans for eight coal-fired generators in favor of conservation, efficiency, and underground carbon dioxide storage.
Graphic: IPCC
Taken together, these are promising signs of a new seriousness toward the unpleasant but undeniable truth: The fuel we burn is cooking our planet by causing the reflection of heat back to the surface.
The scientific community is practically unanimous: The predicted warming is occurring, and is in full gallop in the Arctic. A warmer world will see more fires, more droughts, more giant hurricanes, more flooded coastlines, and more environmental refugees.
Maybe you know of another habitable planet in the universe, but we haven't heard the news. So for now, the smart money says "Take the sure bet: Save the only planet you got."
To slow global warming, we could use energy more efficiently, switch to non-carbon energy sources like biomass, nuclear, wind and solar, and grow more trees to soak up carbon dioxide.
Courtesy James Hansen, GISS
Burial rights
So here's another low-carbon idea: How about bottling carbon dioxide at power plants and burying it? Variously called "carbon capture and storage," "carbon sequestration," or the "low-carb diet," this idea may sound too good to be true, but it is gaining traction. Just this month, American Electric Power Co., the largest coal-burner in the country, announced an effort to capture and store carbon dioxide from a coal-burning generator in West Virginia (see #3 in the bibliography). (Coal is the focus of these storage discussions because it is almost pure carbon, and therefore makes more carbon dioxide per kilowatt-hour than other fuels.)
Experts say geologic storage sites a kilometer or more belowground might be able to hold more than a thousand billion tons of carbon dioxide, and many believe the gas is likely to stay put once it gets belowground.
A done deal?
So problem solved? Not exactly. Carbon storage remains experimental; not a single large generating plant is now injecting carbon dioxide. Underground storage depends on capturing large amounts of carbon dioxide, which is an enormous challenge in its own right. Smoke at a coal generating plant contains only 13 to 15 percent carbon dioxide, and concentrating, transporting and storing huge tonnages of carbon dioxide could cost a raft of money and a bargeload of extra energy.
Carbon storage is a huge job. In 2004, humans produced about 27 billion tons of the waste gas, a number that is rising every year. A new study from MIT posed the task in these terms: "If 60 percent of the CO2 produced from U.S. coal-based power generation were to be captured and compressed to a liquid for geologic sequestration, its volume would about equal the total U.S. oil consumption of 20 million barrels per day."
And that's just for a part of the carbon dioxide from coal-fired generators...
Global Energy Sources
. Data from MIT
Furthermore, carbon storage is only suitable at large power plants: Nobody will be capturing CO2 behind a train, airplane or scooter. So the low-carb storage diet will not solve the whole greenhouse warming problem — much of which is rooted in transportation fuels.
Underground truth
Significant carbon storage must await the conclusion of large experiments on cost, technology and environmental impact, during which time hundreds of new coal-powered generators will each begin spewing millions of tons of carbon dioxide each year. Refitting a plant for carbon capture can be almost as expensive as building a new one, so the sooner carbon capture and storage technology can be proven, the sooner utilities can include the necessary capture equipment.
Speed matters, given the rapid rate of warming. According to Curtis Oldenburg, of the earth sciences division at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, "We really need to get started at some scale to learn more. It's being done in a few places, and so far it looks like everything is fine, but we'd like to do it in even more places," and at a much larger scale.
Public acceptance of carbon storage cannot be assured, and there are risks: about 1700 people died in Cameroon in 1986 during a massive outgassing of natural carbon dioxide. And unless we test for slow leaks, carbon storage could amount to a big waste of energy and money; a smokescreen rather than a solution to global warming.
Photo by Jack Lockwood, USGS
Finally, governments need to enact a mechanism to persuade or force generators of carbon dioxide to start reducing their emissions, and then to start monitoring the effectiveness of reductions and storage. Anyone who has witnessed the long, sorry story of Kyoto knows how difficult those negotiations may be.
Scoring for storing
In the face of all these hurdles, why even consider carbon capture and storage? Because no single solution will, by itself, stop global warming. Because carbon storage could preserve some use of those extremely versatile fossil fuels. And because storage could be cheap: some estimates anticipate a rise of just 2 cents in the cost of a kilowatt hour of electricity.
Now, you could go low-tech and start planting trees, which metabolize carbon dioxide into cellulose and other organic compounds. But trees eventually burn or decay, releasing the carbon dioxide. A second low-tech approach is to store more carbon in the soil, which also improves soil fertility and raises crop production. But land is limited, and trees and soil cannot store the gigatons of carbon dioxide released every year.
And that brings us back to the idea of returning the carbon from fossil fuel back to the Earth, and especially the carbon from coal. As David Hawkins, a climate expert at the Natural Resources Defense Council, told the New York Times, "Under any plausible scenarios of global coal use, we are going to need carbon dioxide capture and storage."
Is anybody injecting carbon dioxide deep underground right now?
A grand jury on November 24 decided not to press charges against Ferguson, Missouri, police officer Darren Wilson for the shooting of Michael Brown. The grand jury has regularly met since August 20 to investigate the death of Brown, a black 18-year-old who was unarmed when Wilson fatally shot him on August 9. Ferguson residents and supporters of Brown have protested regularly since the shooting, which they view as another example of police brutality against black youth. An indictment for Wilson has been one of their primary demands.
How did we get here?
Wilson stopped Brown on August 9 for jaywalking, according to Ferguson Police Chief Tom Jackson. A few minutes later, Wilson shot Brown to death.
The details of exactly what happened between the initial confrontation and shooting are unclear. The publicly available evidence from police and eyewitness accounts suggests there was a brief physical confrontation at Wilson's SUV. Brown then ran, and soon after that, Wilson killed Brown. Wilson's reported account claims that Brown reached for his gun and made him fear for his life during the initial confrontation. The eyewitnesses interviewed by the press seem to agree that Brown was shot while he had his hands up. (St. Louis County Attorney Robert McCulloch later claimed that many of the public eyewitnesses proved to be unreliable, because they changed their statements.)
The shooting almost immediately triggered protests in Ferguson, where people filled the streets and took up the chant "hands up, don't shoot." The protesters were largely peaceful, especially after some rioting on the first Sunday of demonstrations led to a concerted effort by leaders to keep people calm. But police at first reacted with military-grade equipment, in some cases using weapons like rubber bullets and tear gas on peaceful demonstrators and journalists, and arresting protesters and members of the media alike.
The protests largely dwindled in early September. They picked up again toward the end of the month, when a Brown memorial mysteriously burned down and Ferguson's police chief issued an apology that many locals saw as too little, too late. Protests were further renewed by Ferguson October, a movement activists launched on October 10 to highlight "the epidemic of police violence facing Black and Brown communities."
The protests have continued to fluctuate since then. For the most part, they've appeared to centralize on one goal: Wilson needed to be indicted and taken to court.
How do grand juries work?
During a grand jury, people are presented with evidence to decide whether someone — in this case, Wilson — should be charged with a crime. If they choose to indict, the case goes to court. If they don't, the case effectively dies.
Grand jury proceedings are typically secret. Participants are supposed to stay quiet about the hearings, even after a decision is reached. Leaks during the hearings are grounds for restarting the entire process.
But St. Louis County Attorney McCulloch later announced that he will release all the evidence presented to the grand jury if it decided not to indict Wilson.
The prosecutor has almost complete control as to what evidence the grand jury sees and hears. In the case of Wilson, McCulloch promised that "absolutely everything will be presented to the grand jury. Every scrap of paper that we have. Every photograph that was taken."
Since prosecutors have so much control over the evidence, getting an indictment is generally perceived as easy. As Vox's Amanda Taub wrote, "The joke within the legal profession is that a decent prosecutor could get a grand jury to indict 'a ham sandwich.'"
But some argue McCulloch, who protesters see as biased due to his family ties to law enforcement, never meant to get an indictment — and actually launched the grand jury proceedings as a delay tactic.
"Prosecutors have the responsibility to make tough decisions about cases. Here, the district attorney should review the evidence, consult with investigators, and decide whether he believes there is probable cause to charge Wilson with a crime," Alex Little, a former federal prosecutor, told Taub. "The idea that the district attorney has to wait for the grand jury to spend weeks combing through the evidence is flat wrong, and if his office is promoting that explanation for its delay in acting, then it's being deliberately misleading."
When is a cop allowed to shoot a civilian?
Two Supreme Court decisions in the 1980s, Tennessee vs. Garner and Graham v. Connor, set the legal framework for determining when deadly force by cops is reasonable.
Constitutionally, "police officers are allowed to shoot under two circumstances," David Klinger, a University of Missouri-St. Louis professor who studies use of force, told Vox's Dara Lind. The first circumstance is "to protect their life or the life of another innocent party" — what departments call the "defense-of-life" standard. The second circumstance is to prevent a suspect from escaping, but only if the officer has probable cause to think the suspect poses a dangerous threat to others.
The logic behind the second circumstance, Klinger explained, comes from Tennessee vs. Garner. That case involved a pair of police officers who shot a 15-year-old boy as he fled from a burglary. (He'd stolen $10 and a purse from a house.) The court ruled that cops couldn't shoot every felon who tried to escape. But, as Klinger said, "they basically say that the job of a cop is to protect people from violence, and if you've got a violent person who's fleeing, you can shoot them to stop their flight."
For the grand jury in Ferguson, the question was whether Wilson was aware that Brown allegedly took part in a robbery prior to the shooting. Wilson said he became aware during the encounter that Brown was a robbery suspect and radioed the realization in as soon as he knew.
The key to both of the legal standards — defense-of-life and fleeing a violent felony — is that it doesn't matter whether there is an actual threat when force is used. Instead, what matters is the officer's "objectively reasonable" belief that there is a threat.
what matters is the officer's "objectively reasonable" belief that there is a threat
That standard comes from the other Supreme Court case that guides use-of-force decisions: Graham v. Connor. This was a civil lawsuit brought by a man who survived his encounter with police officers, but who was treated roughly, had his face shoved into the hood of a car, and broke his foot — all while he was suffering a diabetic attack. The court didn't rule on whether the officers' treatment of him had been justified, but it said the officers couldn't justify their conduct just based on whether their intentions were good. They had to demonstrate that their actions were "objectively reasonable," given the circumstances and compared to what other police officers might do.
What's "objectively reasonable" changes as the circumstances change. "The moment that you no longer present a threat, I need to stop shooting," said Klinger. According to the St. Louis County Police Department's account, Wilson fired one shot from inside the police car. But Brown was killed 150 feet away, after several shots had been fired. To justify the shooting, Wilson would need to demonstrate that he feared for his life not just when Brown was by the car, but even after he started shooting. The officer would need to establish that, right up until the last shot was fired, he felt Brown continued to pose a threat to him whether he actually was or not.
"One can't just say, 'Because I could use deadly force 10 seconds ago, that means I can use deadly force again now,'" said Walter Katz, a California attorney who specializes in oversight of law enforcement agencies.
Will this escalate the Ferguson protests?
Since the Ferguson protests were so focused on getting an indictment, it's almost certain the grand jury's decision not to indict will aggravate a lot of demonstrators. And government officials and businesses appear to be preparing for the worst.
Even before the grand jury decision was announced, Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon declared a state of emergency to mobilize the state's National Guard in Ferguson — a move that triggered criticisms from protesters and, according to the Washington Post, US Attorney General Eric Holder.
In a letter reported by St. Louis news station Fox 2, the owner of a shopping complex wrote, "We are asking every store manager to give some serious thought to what your response would be in the event of demonstrations or civil unrest." Other stores have reportedly boarded their windows, according to ABC News.
The Jennings School District, which includes the eastern edge of Ferguson, canceled classes on Monday and Tuesday of the week of Thanksgiving in expectation of a grand jury ruling. Ferguson-Florrisant School District later canceled classes on Tuesday.
Law enforcement took some precautions as well. The FBI sent teams of agents and officers to the area prior to the protests, according to NBC News. And local police geared up for potential unrest, the Huffington Post's Ryan Reilly reported: "The St. Louis County Police Department has stocked up on tear gas, less-lethal ammunition and plastic handcuffs in anticipation of massive protests in the suburb of Ferguson, Missouri, if a grand jury doesn't indict the police officer who killed 18-year-old Michael Brown."
What happens to Darren Wilson now?
There are several ways Wilson could still end up facing trial. It's possible that the state attorney general could bring criminal charges against Wilson, regardless of the grand jury decision. A federal investigation, led by the Justice Department, is also looking at whether Wilson violated Brown's civil rights by shooting and killing the unarmed teen, but recent leaks reported by the New York Times and Washington Post suggest the feds don't have the evidence to prove Wilson willfully violated Brown's civil rights.
Barring any formal charges, the Brown family could file a civil lawsuit against Wilson or the Ferguson Police Department. And Ferguson Police Chief Jackson vowed to conduct an internal investigation should Wilson not face charges.
It's possible Wilson won't return to the Ferguson Police Department regardless of the grand jury decision. People reportedly close to Wilson told the New York Times that Wilson has no intention of returning to the police department and is negotiating the conditions of his leave with city officials.
I'd like to clarify our position on this kind of thing to keep things from becoming unpleasant in both our relationship with you, the community, and our relationship with Mozilla:
I was contacted by Mozilla with the request to "police" our forum, since we (Pale Moon devs) are in direct control of the things discussed and posted here.
Pale Moon , the browser forked from Firefox that is popular with some Soylentils, was recently contacted by Mozilla, according to one of the developers:
Those who are aware of the existence and goals of Pale Moon may have realized that there was a big nosedive in positive opinions of Firefox from both the Pale Moon maker and community when Mozilla changed their UX to Australis. To date, there has been bad blood from Pale Moon community members in comments and forum posts that are dismissive of Mozilla, sometimes provocatively so. But still, Mozilla seems to have had a real problem with the Pale Moon guys lately, and now appear to have demanded stricter moderation of the Pale Moon forums so that only favorable posts about Mozilla are published, or none at all.
This was not the only attack from Mozilla's side lately. For example, this [edit: former] Mozilla employee mocking attempts to re-base Pale Moon and remove Australis, or as seen here where Mozilla guy Robert Kaiser accused the Pale Moon project of "destroying code and extorting money".
The point is: Whether there are some rude comments by community members on a certain board or not, it seems like Mozilla employees are getting incredibly nervous because of their current peculiar state and are now unleashing their frustrations at the Pale Moon project. It also looks like Mozilla has a growing animosity towards people taking and modifying the Mozilla source code for their own unique products, and they are also trying to get rid of projects which have been hosted and supported by Mozilla itself. If you are a big developer, one can argue that you should stand above incidents like that, but Mozilla's dwindling market share is putting them under heavier stress.
In conclusion, users hope that Mozilla stops their current quest to copy Google Chrome and move back in the direction of serving a tech-savvy user group which could allow them to regain a larger market share. Mozilla should also maintain healthier relationships with projects like Seamonkey and Thunderbird, which may lose users when Mozilla changes the user experience to be more Chrome-inspired. Time is ticking and projects like Tofino add to the uncertainty about the future of Firefox (Servo or Blink engine?), including the upcoming removal of XUL and the deprecation of the old add-on and theme model. These moves are not helpful in restoring user faith in Mozilla and Firefox.
Hopefully Mozilla gets out of their downwards spiral soon. The web does still need Mozilla, but not as weak, uncertain and unnerved as they are right now.
Update: The Pale Moon developer named Al Billings as the Mozilla employee who contacted him (submission).
Katie Barnett shows her empty home after First National Bank mistakenly foreclosed on her stole all her stuff.
Katie Barnett shows her empty home after First National Bank mistakenly foreclosed on her stole all her stuff.
An Ohio woman returned from vacation to find that all of her belongings had been stolen, taken right out of her house. She knows who did it, but the local police aren't helping her. That's because Katie Barnett's stuff was stolen not by a burglar who slipped in under cover of darkness or a family member who felt it rightly belonged to them, but by a bank.
First National Bank got the wrong house, changing the locks and removing everything from Barnett's home rather than the house across the street. And no one is trying to make things right. When Barnett gave the bank president an estimate of $18,000 for her lost possessions:
“He got very firm with me and said, ‘We're not paying you retail here, that's just the way it is,'” Barnett said. “I did not tell them to come in my house and make me an offer. They took my stuff and I want it back.” The shock of having her house broken into and belongings taken by mistake has now turned into anger. “Now, I'm just angry,” Barnett said. “It wouldn't be a big deal if they would step up and say ‘I'm sorry, we will replace your stuff.' Instead, I'm getting attitude from them. They're sarcastic when they talk to me. They make it sound like I'm trying to rip the bank off. All I want is my stuff back.”
What we've learned to expect from banks when it comes to foreclosures is criminality thinly veiled by complicated paperwork. In this case, there's no veil. Just an "oops, wrong address, but we're not paying you for your stuff." Meanwhile, the McArthur police chief has declared the case closed—even though Barnett doesn't have her stuff back and hasn't been paid. Can you even imagine if any random person, even one who thought they had a good reason to be there, broke into a house and took everything out to sell, give away, or just junk? Do you think the police would ignore that?
Sign our petition to Eric Emmert, President and CEO of First National Bank of Wellston, demanding they reimburse a minimum of $18,000 to Katie Barnett.
Toronto police are concerned about possible retaliation in the wake of one of the worst incidents of gun violence in the city's history, which left two people dead and another 23 wounded.
Shooting erupted at a block party in a Scarborough neighbourhood on Monday night, which police believe was attended by at least 100 people. The shooting left crowds of people fleeing the neighbourhood near Morningside Avenue and Lawrence Avenue East, as police arrived at the scene.
Police soon determined that two people were dead and nearly two dozen others were wounded in the spray of bullets. One person was trampled as panicked partygoers fled the scene.
Det. Sgt. Graham Gibson identified the deceased during a news conference on Tuesday afternoon as Joshua Yasay, 23, of Ajax, Ont., and Shyanne Charles, 14, of Toronto.
It is not clear if gangs were involved in the shootings, but Chief Bill Blair said police are investigating that possibility.
He said police are also "very concerned" about the potential for retaliatory violence following the Danzig Street shooting.
"The crime that occurred in Scarborough yesterday was unprecedented for the city of Toronto," Blair said.
"It is a crime that is shocking to all of our citizens and it is a crime that demands the relentless pursuit of the individuals responsible for this violence."
[IMAGEGALLERY galleryid=2763 size=small]
The surviving victims of the Monday night shooting ranged in age from a 22-month-old toddler, who received a "grazing injury," to a 33-year-old man, Blair said.
While most of these victims are expected to recover, one man remains in critical condition in hospital as of Tuesday morning.
Blair said the homicide squad, the guns and gangs unit, the intelligence services urban gang unit and divisional policing are all involved in the investigation.
"We will be deploying significant, additional uniform resources into the community affected and to any other area where we believe retaliatory violence may take place," Blair said.
Dispute prompted shooting
Police believe that at about 10:40 p.m. on Monday, two individuals got into a dispute at a block party that was being held on Danzig Street.
Blair said that the "altercation involved two individuals and as a result, there was an exchange of gunfire."
Police previously confirmed that more than one weapon was fired and that a gun had been recovered at the scene.
Blair said police have also identified one person of interest.
The party had been billed on Twitter as a "Hennessy party" where Hennessy cognac would be available for free.
Earlier in the day, community resident Shannon Longshaw said she had organized a neighbourhood party for children that was scheduled to end in the evening.
"I don't know who those people [are] who actually came," she said. "I had a small thing for kids in the community."
Resident Shelly Dupuis told CBC News she estimated the crowd at the later party was between 200 and 250 people.
'It scares the hell out of me'
Dupuis said she was sitting in her backyard on Monday night when she heard a series of "eight to 10 shots" fired.
"We came running through the back door, out through the front door, and there's people running everywhere screaming," Dupuis said.
"People holding their kids, picking up their kids off the ground. People running everywhere …and then I come around the corner and there are lights. Wall-to-wall lights. I've never seen this many ambulances ever.
"It scares the hell out of me. It was about 10 houses down from where we live and my child could have been out there. My child could have been the one that got shot."
Shyanne Charles, 14, was pronounced dead on the scene of the shooting on Danzig Street late Monday. (Twitter)
While police have made contact with some witnesses, Blair asked that anyone with information come forward to help investigators.
"In order to ensure that we very quickly bring this matter to a resolution, we are asking for the public's help," said Blair.
Gibson added to that appeal on Tuesday afternoon, saying that the people who saw what happened can help make their city safer by working with police.
Police believe at least 100 people attended the party where the shooting occurred, Gibson said.
Torontonians must 'carry on'
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford toured the scene of the Scarborough shooting on Tuesday morning.
Joshua Yasay, 23, of Ajax, Ont., graduated from York University with an honours BA in criminology in June 2011.
While denouncing the violence, the mayor said that the city and its residents would have to "move on and carry on with their life" as police deal with the challenge of apprehending those responsible for the Monday night shooting. Later in the day, the mayor released a statement blaming the violence on gangs.
"There is no room in Toronto for violent gangs," the statement said.
Ford said he will work with Premier Dalton McGuinty and Prime Minister Stephen Harper to combat gang violence.
"We must use every legal means to make life for these thugs miserable, to put them behind bars, or to run them out of town," he said. "We will not rest until being a gang member is a miserable, undesirable life."
Victim had degree in criminology
One of those killed Monday night was Yasay, who graduated with an honours BA in criminology in June 2011, a spokesperson from York University in Toronto confirmed.
The other was Charles, a teenager who lived in the area and who had recently graduated Grade 8. Friends described her as a generous person, a good student and a role model.
A vigil held in the area on Tuesday night drew a number of mourners who gathered to remember those killed in the shooting. Some carried flowers, others held candles and many shed tears as they stood in small groups.
Police have been dealing with a sharp increase in the number of shootings in the city of Toronto this year compared with last.
According to preliminary statistics posted on the police website, there were 140 reported shooting incidents as of July 16.
That's an increase of 32.1 per cent compared with the number reported at the same time last year.
Prior to the shooting on Monday evening, 16 people had been killed in gun-related homicides on the streets of Toronto since Jan. 1, compared with 14 people at the same time last year.
The Monday night shooting in Scarborough was also the latest event in which a gun was fired in a crowded space.
A shooting at the Eaton Centre on June 2 left one man dead and another fatally wounded.
Later that month, a man was shot dead on a crowded patio in Little Italy where patrons had gathered to watch a soccer game.
On Canada Day, a man was shot in the chest after the close of a fireworks show.
Ford said the recent high-profile shootings were "a couple of isolated and unfortunate incidents."
SAN FRANCISCO, JailbreakCon 2012 — Jay ‘saurik' Freeman just finished his presentation at JailbreakCon, and the creator of Cydia gave some interesting numbers regarding the jailbreak storefront. According to Freeman, Cydia developers were paid an estimated $8 million in sales last year. While it's difficult for Freeman to specifically track the number of jailbroken iOS devices that are out in the wild, he said that an average 1.5 million users open Cydia each day.
Quoting a Flurry Analytics study from 2010, Freeman described a trend of 6-12% of all iOS devices running Cydia at any given time. When a device is jailbroken, Cydia is typically installed by default for users to find tweaks and hacks. Because jailbreaking goes through a drought season between major iOS releases from Apple, the amount of jailbroken devices drops drastically for short periods. When a new jailbreak like recent Absinthe 2.0 comes out, the total amount of jailbroken iOS devices will climb to around 12% of all registered devices sold.
While still only a small fraction of what Apple has paid out to App Store developers, $8 million a year in earnings is an impressive feat for a community characterized by rampant piracy.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has been under pressure over the summit
Indian PM Manmohan Singh will boycott this week's Commonwealth summit in Colombo, officials say, amid a row over Sri Lanka's human rights record.
Mr Singh has written to Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa to say he will be represented by his foreign minister instead, a spokesman says.
Sri Lanka put the decision down to "internal political reasons" in India.
Mr Singh is the second government head, after Canada's Stephen Harper, to boycott the summit.
UK Prime Minister David Cameron has said Mr Rajapaksa has "serious questions" to answer about alleged war crimes carried out in the final months of the campaign against Tamil Tiger rebels in 2009.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption William Hague: "Let's make full use of Sri Lanka being in the spotlight"
Mr Cameron said he would urge Mr Rajapaksa to hold an independent inquiry into allegations of indiscriminate shelling, extra-judicial executions and rape of Tamil civilians.
The Sri Lankan government has strongly denied the claims.
Sri Lankan Foreign Minister GL Pieris told the BBC on Sunday that Mr Singh's decision was "not a defeat for us".
"Had he come we would have been really happy. This decision is taken because of [India's] internal political reasons, but it will not affect the success of this programme, we don't think it is a problem."
Opposition Labour foreign affairs spokesman Douglas Alexander called on the UK prime minister urgently to consider reversing his decision to attend the summit.
But Foreign Secretary William Hague said the government had decided that staying away from the meeting would damage the Commonwealth.
The BBC's Sanjoy Majumder in Delhi says there has been growing pressure on Manmohan Singh to boycott the summit, especially from Tamil politicians in India.
However, critics of the decision said it would open the door for giant Asian rival China to extend its influence in the region. China already helps to fund Sri Lankan military and infrastructure projects.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Colombo is gearing up for the Commonwealth summit
"Now we are vacating our backyard for the Chinese to rebuild all of a booming post-war Sri Lanka," influential columnist and editor Shekhar Gupta wrote in the Indian Express newspaper.
The Commonwealth is an organisation of 53 former British territories.
In October, Mr Harper said he had not taken the decision to boycott the meeting lightly.
But he said a lack of accountability for human rights abuses "during and after the civil war is unacceptable".
Canada is home to the largest expatriate Sri-Lankan Tamil community. Many migrated over the past few decades as civil war gripped Sri Lanka.
In another development on Sunday, Australian Greens Senator Lee Rhiannon and New Zealand Greens MP Jan Logie were briefly detained by Sri Lankan immigration officials in Colombo.
Ms Rhiannon's office tweeted that they had been on a fact-finding mission, investigating human rights issues and press freedom.
She later told the Sydney Morning Herald they were accused of breaching visa laws and were held for three hours before being released.
Sri Lanka's army defeated the ethnic-Tamil rebels after a brutal 26-year war that left at least 100,000 people dead.
Both sides were accused of human rights abuses throughout the conflict, with much focus on its final stages when thousands of civilians were trapped in a thin strip of land in the north of Sri Lanka.
Estimates of civilian deaths in the final months range widely from 9,000 to 75,000.
The Sri Lankan government commissioned its own investigation into the war in 2011.
It cleared the military of claims that it deliberately attacked civilians. It said that there had been some violations by troops, although only at an individual level.
The 2014 calendar year for the Montreal Canadiens was one filled with ups and downs as they turned themselves into one of the elite teams in the National Hockey League. They have some of the best players in the league and thanks to their last-placed finish in the Eastern Conference in 2012, have some of the brightest prospects waiting under their wings.
Thanks to the Habs success on and off the ice, fans won't forget last year so easily, but can the Tricolore repeat and do better in 2015? First, let's look at some questions yet to be answered.
Superstars on the Team
The year started off well for the club who sent 7 players to the Sochi Olympics to compete for 5 different nations (only Chicago, Detroit, St. Louis and Vancouver sent more players). Carey Price and P.K. Subban donned the red and white of Canada, Andrei Markov and Alex Emelin played for the host Russians, and Tomas Plekanec, Max Pacioretty and former Hab Peter Budaj dressed up for the Czech Republic, USA and Slovakia, respectively.
Price dominated the Olympics with only 3 goals against in 5 games, but what was most impressive were his back-to-back shutouts in both the semifinals and final against world powerhouses in the United States and Sweden. With a dazzling 0.972 save percentage, Price was named the best goalie in the tournament. He showed the rest of the hockey world the talent he possesses and Canadiens general manager Marc Bergevin couldn't have been happier to see his goalie win a gold medal in such fashion.
Subban played in only a single game but the 39-goal scorer Pacioretty was key to the Americans' high-octane offence in the preliminary games.
Obviously, the Habs won't be sending any players to the Olympics in 2015, but they could compare the NHL All-Star Game participants to the same players that were seen in Sochi. Pacioretty, Price, and Subban are all locks for the All-Star Game in Columbus.
Playoff Run
From early April to late May, the Montreal Canadiens captivated the hearts of Montrealers and even Canadians all over the country as they took a shot at the Stanley Cup, eventually lasting three rounds deep. After their first sweep since 1993 against the Tampa Bay Lightning in the first round, the David-like-Canadiens slayed the Goliath-like-Boston Bruins in seven games the following series. After being the Bruins' metaphorical whipping boy in the 2009 and 2011 playoffs (the Habs did take down the Bruins in the playoffs in 2002, 2004 and 2008), the speedy Canadiens finally showed that size doesn't win all the time as they out-skated and outlasted their taunting opponent in seven contests.
Thanks to a Chris Kreider accidentally-on-purpose fall into Price in Game One of the Eastern Conference final, the Habs were almost forced to bow out of the series after losing the first two games following Price's injury. Dustin Tokarski was indeed stellar for the club getting the surprise starts over Budaj from Game Two on, but it was too little, too late as they fell in six.
With arguably the best team they've had since their last Stanley Cup win in 1993, will the Canadiens be able to string together a championship run in 2015?
The Geniuses in Management
It's somewhat of a surprise that Marc Bergevin wasn't named the 2014 NHL GM of the Year as his strings pulled the Canadiens on a road to success when he joined the club in 2012. Instead, Bergevin was second in voting for the award behind Anaheim GM Bob Murray. Bergevin has undeniably become a hockey genius in the front office pulling off all the right moves. He's dumped aging or inconsistent players like Raphael Diaz, Travis Moen, Rene Bourque, Daniel Briere and Budaj at just the right times for small, but significant assets. He was the man behind the trade that sent Dale Weise to Montreal, which rejuvenated his NHL career. The pesky winger was a huge part of the Habs' success in the playoffs and continues to be a valuable player for head coach Michel Therrien as he can play in both a top-nine scoring role or a rough-and-tough fourth line guy.
“Bergy” acquired Mike Weaver for a fifth-round pick in March, another trade that seemed insignificant at first but turned out to be a great deal for the team. He stole P.A. Parenteau and a draft pick from the Colorado Avalanche for a 37-year-old fourth-liner in Therrien's system, Briere. The acquisition of Thomas Vanek helped the Canadiens down the stretch but it certainly wasn't the GM's fault when Vanek seemed to decide midway through the playoffs that he didn't want to play for the Habs anymore.
Bergevin has built a great system of prospects, starting with Alex Galchenyuk and Brendan Gallagher, even though they aren't exactly “prospects” anymore. At the World Juniors, the Canadiens have Martin Reway, Jacob De La Rose, and Arturri Lehkonen, all captaining their teams Slovakia, Sweden, and Finland. Plus, goalie Zach Fucale is Canada's No. 1 net minder and has only allowed one goal in three games in the tournament.
Nikita Scherbak and Mike McCarron, the teams past two first-round picks seem to be on the right track while Greg Pateryn, Nathan Beaulieu, and Jarred Tinordi lead a bright future on the blue line.
In 2015, can Bergevin continue being the genius he's proved he's capable of and make all the right moves in order to reach his ultimate goal of a Stanley Cup victory? While there are many questions yet to be answered in 2015, time will tell whether or not they come to fruition in widespread success for Montreal.
Thanks for reading! Please take a moment to follow me on Twitter @LWOSNick. Support LWOS by following us on Twitter – @LastWordOnSport – and “liking” our Facebook page.
Have you tuned into Last Word On Sports Radio? LWOS is pleased to bring you 24/7 sports radio to your PC, laptop, tablet or smartphone. What are you waiting for?
Main Photo:
[UPDATED 2016-08-15@1808 UTC] Amateur Radio volunteers are responding to help, after flooding of historic proportions struck parts of Louisiana and Mississippi over the weekend in the wake of torrential rainfall. States of emergency have been declared in both states, and the federal government has declared Louisiana a major disaster area. Louisiana Section Amateur Radio Emergency Service (ARES®) has activated and put out a call for volunteers, though Amateurs should not self-deploy to the affected area.
Thousands of residents in the affected areas have been displaced, many to Red Cross shelters, and rescue operations continue for those caught in the catastrophe. At least 6 people have died. Roads, including parts of Interstates 10 and 12, have closed, stranding many motorists. At least one cell network was reported to be down, but most conventional communication modes remain working.
The American Red Cross has requested the activation of Louisiana ARES for assistance with shelters in the Livingston Parish and Baton Rouge areas, Louisiana Section Emergency Coordinator Adam Tamplain, KD5LEH, told ARRL. Approximately 40 shelters need coverage. All available Amateur Radio operators with portable equipment have been asked to meet at the Baton Rouge Red Cross Headquarters (4655 Sherwood Common Boulevard). Volunteers are being told to prepare for several days of operations. Again, willing Amateur volunteers should NOT self-deploy. The primary contact is Steve Irving, WA5FKF, (225-933-4993). Louisiana ARES Assistant SEC John Mark Robertson, K5JMR, is in the radio room at Red Cross Headquarters in Baton Rouge.
Primary operating frequencies at this time are 444.950 MHz (107.2 Hz), 146.940 MHz (107.2 Hz), and 146.790 MHz (107.2 Hz). Louisiana ARES HF Frequencies now designated for use are 7.255 MHz and 3.873 MHz LSB. Digital operation is on 3.595MHz. These frequencies should be kept clear of non-emergency traffic. More repeaters may need to be designated, and the frequencies will be posted when they become available.
“Be very cautious on the highways,” Tamplain advised. “Do not attempt to cross flooded roadways. If you can't make it, you can't make it. Your own safety takes priority.”
ARES volunteers in Mississippi now are being asked to provide assistance. Noting the “desperate need” for ham radio volunteers in Louisiana, Mississippi SEC Rez Johnson, K1REZ, put out a call for volunteers to ARRL members in his Section, but he stressed that prospective Mississippi volunteers should not self-deploy to Louisiana. He asked that any Mississippi Amateur Radio operators who are willing to travel to Louisiana to help at Red Cross shelters coordinate through him.
“Most of their own ARES members are not able to help, due to having to take care of their own flooded homes and families,” Johnson explained. “They only have a very few Amateur Radio operators helping them at this time — not nearly enough to meet their need. The majority of shelters still have no one at all handling communications.”
Johnson pointed out that prospective volunteers do not have to be ARES or RACES members, nor need any FEMA certification, but they should not go without coordinating through him. “They are asking for any and all Amateur Radio operators to help them,” he said.
In addition the ARRL South Texas Section has been put on alert to be ready to assist the Louisiana Section. Houston and points east are also experiencing heavy rainfall.
Louisiana Gov John Bel Edwards said over the weekend that more than 20,000 people had been rescued by participating agencies and volunteers. In a Sunday press conference the governor said that as many as 10,000 people are in shelters. The downpours have generated record water levels at some Louisiana rivers.
Tottenham is in for Clinton Njie (Picture: Getty)
Tottenham have made a £7million bid to sign Lyon winger Clinton Njie, according to reports.
Spurs have been scouring Europe for a winger this summer to add to their options, and having missed out on Monaco's Yannick Ferreira Carrasco, attention has turned to Njie.
A speedy attacker who can play as a striker or out wide, the 21-year-old has been compared to Cristiano Ronaldo by some observers.
And now transfer insider Alan Nixon says Spurs have made a £7m bid to bring him to White Hart Lane.
Alan Nixon revealed the news on Twitter (Picture: Twitter)
Lyon is shrewd operators in the transfer market and will likely to want more for a player who has scored six goals in 11 matches for his country Cameroon.
MORE: Tottenham in talks to sign magical dribbler ahead of Arsenal
days
hours
mins
secs
Today's feature is one of the most unnecessary and inexplicable sequels in movie history: Mannequin 2: On The Move.
The plot of Mannequin 2 is summarized on IMDb as follows:
A young department store intern falls in love with a female store mannequin who is really a peasant girl fallen under a thousand year spell. She comes to life whenever he removes the cursed necklace from her.
Mannequin 2 was directed by Stewart Raffill, whose other films include Tammy and the T. rex, Mac and Me, and The Philadelphia Experiment.
The handful of writers involved with Mannequin 2 included Edward Rugoff (Mr. Nanny, Mannequin), David Isaacs (Critical Condition, Cheers), Ken Levine (Frasier, M*A*S*H), Michael Gottlieb (Mr. Nanny, Mannequin), and Betsy Israel, who has no other listed credits.
The primary cast of the film is made up by Kristy Swanson (Deadly Friend, The Phantom), William Ragsdale (Fright Night, Fright Night Part 2, Left Behind), Meshach Taylor (Mannequin, The Howling), Terry Kiser (Weekend At Bernie's, Weekend At Bernie's II, Friday the 13th Part VII), and Stuart Pankin (Fatal Attraction, Striptease, Arachnophobia).
The music for Mannequin 2 was composed by David McHugh, who also provided music for The Dream Team, Mystic Pizza, and Moscow On The Hudson, among a handful of others.
The estimated budget for Mannequin 2 was $13 million, on which it only grossed a minute $3.8 million in its theatrical run, making it a significant financial failure. Critically, it didn't fare any better: it currently holds an IMDb user rating of 4.0/10, alongside Rotten Tomatoes scores of 13% from critics and 41% from audiences.
Mannequin 2 is a bad movie to be sure, but there are some weirdly redeeming qualities here. First and foremost, the cast seems like they totally bought in on the inherent goofiness of the concept, and they all exaggerate their roles in a way that the movie at least remotely entertaining. Also, there are a lot of issues I had with the first film that are mostly rectified here. For instance, characters are more realistically weirded out by the concept of someone fucking a mannequin, which was missing in the first movie. Also, despite the humor still mostly missing the mark, I feel like the deliveries and performances are actually better in this sequel. Particularly, I thought Terry Kiser got a great opportunity to mustache-twirl with this flick, and absolutely owned it. Likewise, both leads are at least more relatable and likable in this movie, even if they are not quite as deep as a standard kiddie pool.
Something that is particularly strange about this film is the lack of actual mannequin screen time. For most of the film, the curse that creates the eponymous mannequin is actually lifted, which in a lot of ways is good: it allows both that character and her relationships to develop in a realistic way. However, it also drifts pretty far from the concept of the movie: this is more of a time travel love story or Sleeping Beauty concept than a movie about a mannequin. Honestly, that is probably for the best at the end of the day.
Overall, despite Mannequin 2 being immensely campy and weak in the humor department, I think it is actually a pretty decent remake of the original movie, if not a good sequel. Honestly, the two movies are connected in total by a single line of dialogue, and I think this movie primarily focuses on trying to fix issues with the first movie and re-imagine the concept. On a level, it works: I think the movie is better than the first because of that effort. However, it is still an atrocious, if watchable, comedy movie.
If you like campy humor, then you might just be surprised by this movie. I think there is a reason why these movies have a cult following: they master a specific niche kind of humor that doesn't resonate with most audiences. For people that can find the value in the movie, I think it is a pretty good time. For almost everyone else in the universe, this movie is just yet another bad, dated comedy movie. However, bad movie fans should definitely give it a look.
Advertisements
I made these step stools based on one my dad built, which was based on stools his dad built. The light green one in the back is the one I grew up with. It was always in use, sometimes as a step stool, sometimes as a chair, sometimes as a sawhorse, sometimes just a place to pile things.
One thing that was pretty common though with the old stool is that it was very easy to tip over while standing on it. After having my sister's kids fall off while playing my arcade machines I decided it was time for a new design that would be more tip resistant. I changed things so that the base has a larger footprint than the steps so that in order for it to tip it would have to lift the person up instead of just falling over.
The support underneath the steps is there to make the steps a little stronger but mostly to add some strength to try to prevent the stool from racking. I also made the support only a couple inches tall because I remembered using the stools as a small desk where I would sit on the bottom step with my legs under the top step. I still can't believe I was ever so small that I could do that!
I've made quite a few of these, some for myself, given some away, and I always think I should make some more. Check out the attached plans if you would like to make your own.
Andrei Arlovski has heard it before. For years, actually. In the land of heavyweights, knockouts just come with the territory -- a causality of behemoth lunchbox fists hurtling towards human skulls at high speed. Yet fairly or unfairly, somewhere along the line Arlovski got plastered with that grim distinction: weak chinned.
"It's f--ked," Arlovski angrily told MMAFighting.com. "I'm really getting f--king sick of all these comments about my chin. I broke my jaw in two f--king places and f--king Anthony Johnson couldn't f--king knock me out. So if you're going to talk to Mike Kyle, you can just tell him to shut his f--king mouth and be ready for the f--king fight. That's it. Period."
You can probably guess the culprit for that sudden burst of rage. Ahead of WSOF 5, yet another opponent, this time Mike Kyle, repeated the same stock line about Arlovski's "questionable" chin.
"It kind of bothers me," explained Arlovski, whose seven knockout losses total one less than Alistair Overeem, equal Frank Mir, and fall one shy of UFC Hall of Famer Randy Couture.
"People who say or write those comments about me are people who spend all the time on their couch all day long laying down and watching TV.
"It kind of pisses me off. I don't read those comments like I used to read those comments. I showed my chin was fine when I fought Tim Sylvia in the Philippines, when our fight was a no contest. He landed a good straight right hand at the end of the first round and I was fine. I survived and knocked him out. Those people say [I don't] have a good chin, now this guy? It's okay. Just fine. To be honest with you, I don't know what to say in a nice way. It's one of those bad spots in my mind."
To his credit, Arlovski understands how the criticism first started. From early-2009 to early-2011, right after he became the first, and still only man to knockout Roy Nelson, the Belarusian dropped four consecutive contests, three of which ended with Arlovski either dazed or unconscious on mat.
In the two years since, however, Arlovski has been knockout free -- other than the ones he's handed out himself. And Arlovski is quick to mention, he suffered a broken jaw against Johnson and still kept trudging forward. Yet the meme about his glass jaw continues to make the rounds.
"People say to me, ‘Oh, you're Arlovski? Right? I remember you were the s--t. Now you're just a good fighter.' Those comments piss me of so bad. People say, ‘Arlovski is done. No more fire in his eyes.' I try to prove to those guys that they're wrong," he explained.
"I was a champion several years ago. I remember the taste. I remember the feeling of being on top of the world. I want to be again a champion. After those four losses, people said that's it.
"I have the right people," Arlovski continued. "I have great sparring partners. Everything's fine. I'm not going to finish my MMA career like that."
Down south in Albuquerque, NM, Arlovski still grinds away his days at Jackson/Winkeljohn's. He served as one of Jon Jones' main sparring partners before the pound-for-pound titan puts his belt online against Alexander Gustafsson, so Arlovski isn't lying when he compliments his teammates.
Still, it says something that even at age 34, Arlovski either headlines or co-headlines nearly every show he competes in. Albeit, they may not be the star-studded pay-per-views he championed in his younger days. But he isn't ready to let the dream die.
"My body feels great," Arlovski said. "The most important thing, I still want to fight. I still want to train hard.
"Now I'm more hungry. I have more reasons to be a better fighter right now than I used to be; more reasons right now to be a champion again, to reach my goals. Five or ten years ago, I was younger. ... Now I'm older. I guess I have at least some good life experience. I became, I think, smarter -- a smarter fighter. Now everything around me is to help me be a better fighter; to reach my goals and to do it in a right way."
Arlovski's ultimate goal is to return to the UFC. At the moment he may be under WSOF contract, but he isn't shy to say it.
Arlovski knows it'll take time. He wants to fight until age 40. He figures that's as good a number as any. But Arlovski admits, he hasn't started thinking about life after fighting, if only because he has so much left he wants to do.
Within the past five months, a trio of men Arlovski defeated in a past life -- Nelson, Fabricio Werdum and Ben Rothwell -- all tasted the sweet taste of UFC glory. Arlovski, though, isn't bitter. He considers WSOF to be the "right place for right now." What happens a few years down the line is anyone's guess.
"Everybody has his own destiny. Like I like to say, everything happens for a reason. We'll see," Arlovski said.
"Maybe one day I'm going to be in the UFC again.
"I know it's a long way. I just have to beat all of my opponents. Mike Kyle is the first one on Saturday."
Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter during a recent visit to Jerusalem. The visit was part of his tour of several countries in the Middle East this week, including Iraq, where he arrived Thursday. (Abir Sultan/European Pressphoto Agency)
U.S.-trained Iraqi soldiers are preparing for an offensive against the Islamic State in the Iraqi city of Ramadi, defense officials said Thursday, in a key test of the Obama administration's strategy for defeating the militant group.
About 3,000 U.S.-trained soldiers have taken positions around Ramadi in the past few days, the first time that Iraqi army troops trained by American advisers over the past year have been deployed for an offensive against the Islamic State.
Army Col. Steve Warren, a Pentagon spokesman, said the deployment of two U.S.-trained brigades, part of a larger Iraqi force around Ramadi, was significant because the troops were well trained and better equipped than many other Iraqi army units. He said the brigades advanced about four miles Wednesday. “We've already seen progress,” he told reporters in Baghdad.
[A center of resistance surrounded by the Islamic State]
News of the developments came as Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter made his first trip to Baghdad since assuming his post in February.
U.S. Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter makes a surprise visit to Baghdad for a first-hand look at the fight against Islamic State in Iraq. (Reuters)
The brief visit by Carter, who has openly questioned Iraqi forces' will to fight, aimed to assess the Baghdad government's efforts to improve the state security forces and recruit Iraq's minority Sunnis, whose support U.S. officials view as key to defeating the Islamic State.
American officials hope that fielding the U.S.-trained troops around Ramadi will yield the first signs that the Iraqi army is regaining its footing a year after it partially collapsed in the face of the Islamic State's advances. Until now, army units trained by the United States since last year have conducted only defensive operations.
In coming months, the Obama administration will have to decide whether it will send additional U.S. troops to Iraq or deploy Americans closer to the front lines to ensure that Iraqi forces can accelerate their fitful progress against the militant group, also known as ISIS, ISIL and Daesh.
Carter, speaking at the end of a meeting with Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi in Baghdad's Green Zone, lauded the Iraqi leader's efforts to foster inter-sectarian cooperation since becoming premier last year. The Islamic State has drawn the support of many Sunnis who feel sidelined by the Shiite-led central government.
“To defeat Daesh, we need capable ground forces that we can enable and support, and we will. And getting those forces, in turn, requires inclusive governance,” Carter said.
The U.S. defense chief also held talks with his Iraqi counterpart, Khaled al-Obeidi, and leaders from largely Sunni provinces such as Anbar, whose capital city is Ramadi.
[Iraq's fight in Anbar]
Carter also visited the Iraqi Counterterrorism Service Academy, where U.S. troops are training and advising elite Iraqi forces. The government has relied heavily on these counterterrorism forces in operations against the Islamic State over the past 18 months.
At the training site, Carter watched soldiers — in all-black uniforms and some with black masks — perform shooting drills. The academy's commander, Maj. Gen. Falah al-Mohamedawi, thanked Carter for U.S. support in the development of Iraq's counterterrorism capabilities.
“God willing, together we will defeat Daesh,” Mohamedawi told Carter.
“Yes, we will,” Carter replied.
In contrast to the elite counterterrorism forces, Iraq's army has struggled to overcome poor morale, chronic corruption and shortcomings in logistics and other key military systems. The army's weakness was a major factor drawing the Obama administration back into military operations in the country in the past year.
The United States has about 3,500 troops on the ground in Iraq involved in advisory, training and other support functions.
U.S. military officials say that more than 5,000 Iraqi soldiers, police officers and counterterrorism troops are working to isolate Ramadi, whose fall to the Islamic State in May dealt a blow to efforts to expel the group from Iraq.
Warren, the Pentagon spokesman, said this week that the Iraqi forces around Ramadi were seeking to “place a noose around the city and isolate it” from militants elsewhere. The Ramadi offensive could begin as soon as “several weeks” from now, he said. The Islamic State is estimated to have 1,000 to 2,000 fighters in the city.
In a sign of the Iraqi government's continued reliance on Shiite paramilitary forces, the preparatory efforts around Ramadi have been complemented by similar operations by Shiite militias and volunteer forces around the nearby city of Fallujah, also under Islamic State control. But Warren said militias would not take part in the Ramadi operation, which would be supported by U.S. air power.
Since last summer, U.S. and allied aircraft have conducted thousands of strikes on Islamic State targets in Iraq and Syria. American officials have said that the fight against the militant group will stretch well beyond the end of President Obama's second term.
Warren also said that at least 500 Sunni tribal fighters trained by the Iraqi government — a feat that U.S. officials consider a step toward expanding Shiite-Sunni cooperation — are expected to take part in the Ramadi operation.
The Pentagon has said that Iraqi forces, under U.S. guidance, have trained about 1,800 Sunni tribal fighters at the Taqqadum air base, about 40 miles west of Baghdad. Those fighters have undergone a week's worth of training and are receiving small arms and basic equipment such as radios.
Read more:
Carter vows to help Saudi Arabia contain Iran's regional ambitions
Disagreement over Iran deal hangs over Netanyahu's meeting with Carter
Carter, Netanyahu call it a day after discussing Iran deal
The Ontario government is monitoring the housing market in the wake of its expansion of rent control but remains committed to the policy despite news that more than 1,000 planned rental units have been converted to condos in the Greater Toronto Area, Housing Minister Peter Milczyn says.
Premier Kathleen Wynne's government extended rent control to all private rental units in the province in April as part of a wide-ranging package of housing-policy changes.
More than 1,000 planned purpose-built rental units have since been converted to condominiums in the GTA, according to a new report commissioned by the Federation of Rental-housing Providers of Ontario (FRPO). The study warns that already low vacancy rates will drop further unless the government adopts policies to encourage developers to build at least 6,250 additional new rental units a year for the next decade in the province.
Story continues below advertisement
In an interview, Mr. Milczyn said the expansion of rent control is part of a larger effort by the provincial government to increase housing affordability.
"I think it's working. We will continue to monitor it," he said. "But most importantly, we're going to continue working to get more supply into the marketplace."
Mr. Milczyn pointed to the government's announcement earlier this month that it is unlocking surplus provincially owned lands for the development of more than 2,000 new apartments in Toronto, with up to 30 per cent earmarked for affordable housing. He also noted the province's $125-million program to rebate development charges, reduced municipal property taxes for rental buildings, streamlining of the provincial approvals process and initiatives to work with municipalities on inclusionary zoning.
Mr. Milczyn said few private purpose-built rental units were constructed in the GTA in recent years.
"I don't believe that you can draw the conclusion that the rent control regime that we have implemented … is going to be substantially different in terms of how it impacts the market than what we've seen for decades where there was little purpose-built rental housing built."
In Ontario, rent hikes for all private apartments are now capped at around inflation to a maximum of 2.5 per cent a year. Landlords can apply for special increases if they do renovations or upgrades and can raise rents when a tenant moves out. Rent control previously applied only to apartments in buildings constructed before November, 1991.
The FRPO report, which was prepared by real estate consulting firm Urbanation, is the first to measure the impact of extending rent control by tracking the conversion of planned apartment projects to condos. The FRPO previously found in a survey of its members, who are mostly large property owners and management companies, that about 20,000 of more than 28,000 proposed purpose-built rental units in the GTA were under review as a result of the government's housing measures.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Many economists had predicted that rent-control expansion would stall the construction of purpose-built rental units by reducing incentives for developers.
"It's Economics 101. You limit the ability to raise rent, you reduce supply," said Benjamin Tal, deputy chief economist at CIBC.
Graham Haines, research manager of the Ryerson City Building Institute, argued rent control isn't the sole reason behind the more than 1,000 rental units being converted to condos, noting that the continued strength of the GTA's condominium market simply makes such developments more enticing.
"Given that the returns are so good for condos, I think developers are just realizing it's better to stay in the condo game than try something else," he said.
Mr. Haines called on the government to provide more incentives to make building rental housing competitive with condos.
"I think we're starting to realize the importance of rental and actually actively building rental. And given rental obviously is not competitive, we need to find the right policies, the right incentives to make it competitive."
Treasury Secretary denies department gave in to political interference
Updated
Sorry, this video has expired Video: Treasury boss Martin Parkinson admits the commodities slump took him by surprise (The Business)
The head of Treasury has hit back at the Coalition's claims that the federal budget forecasts were fudged to suit the Government.
Coalition MPs have accused Treasury of being politicised and implied the budget forecasts are deliberately optimistic.
The Coalition argued that the Australian public would get the real numbers, untainted by the hand of the Government, in the Pre-Election Fiscal Outlook (PEFO).
But Treasury Secretary Martin Parkinson has hit back at those claims, saying had the PEFO been released on budget day it would have contained the same numbers as the budget.
Dr Parkinson used a speech in Sydney entitled Budgeting in Challenging Times to defend his department's forecasting record.
Mr Parkinson admitted that "while our forecasts in the real economy have held up reasonably well, the same can't be said of our price forecasts".
The Government has blamed an unexpected slump in the growth of nominal GDP - or the price of goods produced - for a gaping revenue shortfall of $60 billion over the forward estimates and its failure to deliver a promised surplus this financial year.
Dr Parkinson says the Government makes its own decisions based on the estimates Treasury provides.
He says the department is not swayed by its political masters.
"Let me be very clear: Treasury does not provide the Government with a range of numbers; Treasury provides its best professional estimate to the Government," he said.
"It is up to the government of the day - and this applies back through history - to do what it wishes with those forecasts."
Dr Parkinson says it has been a "tumultuous period" for Australia's economy.
"In these circumstances, we in Treasury have struggled to keep pace, and the result has been large revisions to our economic and revenue forecasts," he said.
"The result has been to undertake a comprehensive review of forecasts overseen by an independent panel."
The Opposition has poured scorn on treasury's figures, saying they are "Wayne Swan's numbers".
The morning after last week's budget was handed down, the Opposition treasury spokesman Joe Hockey said he did not believe the budget forecasts.
"Well I don't believe they're Treasury's numbers," he said.
"I think they're Wayne Swan's numbers and that's a starting point because his name is on the front of the document."
But Finance Minister Penny Wong says Dr Parkinson has destroyed the credibility of the Coalition's criticism.
"Today what we've seen is the Secretary of the Treasury [completely] destroy another of the excuses that Joe Hockey and Tony Abbott keep using to keep Australians in the dark," she said.
A spokesman for Mr Hockey says he maintains the numbers in the budget are Mr Swan's.
Topics: budget, money-and-monetary-policy, government-and-politics, federal-government, business-economics-and-finance, australia
First posted
Anthony Ramon Baez (September 20, 1965 – December 22, 1994) was a security guard who died immediately following an altercation with police on December 22, 1994 at the age of 29. His death occurred early in the morning on Cameron Place in the Mount Hope section of the Bronx, New York. The fatal encounter began when Anthony Baez and his brothers accidentally[1] hit a police car with their football, at approximately 1:30 am. The Baez brothers continued their game, playing in the opposite direction. Officer Francis Livoti arrested David Baez first for disorderly conduct. He then attempted to arrest Anthony Baez, who had protested his brother's arrest by crossing his arms in front of his chest. A scuffle ensued, while other officers arrived on scene.[2] Baez was subdued, lost consciousness, and was taken to a hospital, where he was declared dead of asphyxiation. Controversy centered over the extent to which officers contributed to his death, specifically whether he was subjected to an illegal choke hold used by Officer Francis Livoti.
Personal details [ edit ]
Anthony Baez was 5 feet 6 inches tall, 270 pounds, and asthmatic.[citation needed] Mr. Baez had allegedly resisted arrest and police claimed it took four officers to handcuff him and bring him to the ground.[citation needed] Baez was taken to the hospital by the police when a dispatched ambulance by Sgt. William Monahan, failed to arrive. The New York City Medical Examiner ruled that Anthony Baez' death was caused by asphyxiation due to "compression of his neck and chest", as well as acute asthma. Dr. Hirsch said that the classification of homicide indicated the death was caused "either entirely or partially" by "the actions of another person".[citation needed]
Phil Caruso, the president of the Patrolmen's Benevolent Association, said that Anthony Baez “resisted violently when they attempted to put handcuffs on him, that's when he had the asthmatic attack." Sgt. William Monahan later testified that after the struggle, he saw Mr. Baez, handcuffed, stand up and walk briefly, with assistance from Officer Francis Livoti, contradicting claims by Baez's family that he was already limp when cuffed.[3]
Livoti was the subject of several civilian complaints for excessive force, though none had been substantiated by the Civilian Complaint Review Board.[4]
In his defense, Livoti denied that he had used a choke hold, asserting that any choking was unintentional and that he had not caused Baez's injuries or death. Three officers at the scene testified that they did not see anyone put Baez in a choke hold, that Baez was resisting arrest when Livoti handcuffed him, and that Baez was conscious after being restrained. Baez' father and brothers testified that Livoti did put Baez in a choke hold, and that Baez was limp when Livoti handcuffed him. Officer Francis Livoti also contended that the district court failed to consider that Baez at least contributed to the confrontation by resisting his (Livoti's) efforts to handcuff him (Baez) behind his back.[5] Prosecutors countered that there was no probable cause for the arrest in the first place, it not being a crime to accidentally hit a police car with a football.
The death of Anthony Baez created wide media attention.[citation needed] Baez's death was seized on by people who said that the police are too quick to use deadly force. This was the third and most notable incident involving NYPD police brutality in 1994, and in some previous cases the officers were acquitted.[6]
Criminal trials and investigations [ edit ]
In March 1995, a Bronx grand jury indicted Livoti on charges of manslaughter in the second degree. Homicide charges were initially thrown out after an indictment with an incorrect charge was noted.[7]
In December 1995, Livoti was reindicted for criminally negligent homicide.[8] Livoti's trial began in September, 1996. He had waived his right to a jury trial and instead opted to have the case heard solely by a judge. In October 1996, Officer Francis Livoti was acquitted by a New York Supreme Court (trial level) Justice Jerry Sheindlin[9]. The acquittal was greeted with widespread public outcry and unrest, including the shooting of a police captain(who survived) in an act of "revenge".[10]
Federal prosecutors charged Livoti with civil rights violations, similar to cases brought against Los Angeles police officers Stacey C. Koon and Laurence Powell for the beating of Rodney King.[11] Officer Daisy Boria was considered a distant relative of the Baezes and was present at his arrest in 1994. She contradicted three of her fellow police officers, including her partner.[12] Boria had testified that she saw no confrontaton between Livoti and Baez. However, in 1987, she had been indicted on perjury charges by the Manhattan District Attorney for lying about an insurance case. She was later acquitted. In 2003, disciplinary charges were brought against two other officers, Mario Erotokritou and Anthony Farnan, involved in the death of Anthony Baez. Both officers were summarily dismissed.[citation needed]
Conclusion [ edit ]
On June 26, 1998, Livoti was convicted in Manhattan's Federal Court of violating Anthony Baez's civil rights, and was sentenced to seven and a half years in federal prison. Livoti was released in April 2005, after serving six and a half years.[13]
Baez's widow filed a $13 million wrongful death claim in 1995. She settled with the NYPD for $3 million in October, 1998.
In 2000 the street where Baez died was renamed Anthony Baez Place.[14]
Film [ edit ]
A documentary film, Every Mother's Son, profiling the mothers of three men killed by the NYPD and their legal and political efforts, was made in 2004, about the cases of Gidone Busch, Amadou Diallo and Baez.
See also [ edit ]
Website Delivery Policy
By default, the price of standard delivery to mainland UK addresses is shown in your basket, but will change if you live outside of mainland UK or if you select express delivery. It will change automatically if you log in and save a delivery address that is outside of mainland UK.
Orders worth over £150 (excluding VAT) and weighing less than 30kg qualify for free standard delivery. If your order qualifies and you would like to upgrade to express delivery you will be charged the upgrade fee only.
Whilst we make every effort to deliver within the stated timescales we are unable to guarantee circumstances beyond our control. We aim to dispatch all orders received before 12pm on the same day. Please note that our delivery company only deliver Monday - Friday, orders placed after 12pm on Friday afternoon will be despatched on Monday morning.
For security reasons we are only able to deliver your first order to the cardholder's billing address. Subsequent orders may be delivered to an alternative delivery address. Only customers who are members of Mole Valley Farmers (i.e. Farmer Shareholders, Country Members and Standard Account Holders) are exempt from this rule, because security checks are made during membership application.
PLEASE NOTE THAT WE DO NOT CURRENTLY DELIVER OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED KINGDOM.
Standard Delivery 3 – 5 Working Days
Please note – some of our large and bulky items have increased weights due to our couriers charging the volumetric weight rather than the actual weight.
0 – 2kg £3.95 2 – 30kg £5.95 31 – 60kg £12.95 61 – 100kg £21.95 101 – 250kg £45.00 251 – 500kg £50.00 501 – 750kg £50.00 751kg – 1000kg £50.00 1001kg – 2000kg £100.00 2001kg – 3000kg £150.00
Express Delivery (Next Working Day)
£3.00 surcharge, Orders must be received by 12pm for next day delivery. Orders placed before Midday on a Friday will be delivered on a Monday.
Refrigerated Transport
£15.00 surcharge
Zonal Surcharges
We can deliver to any address in the UK, including Northern Ireland, however certain regions incur delivery surcharges and certain orders may have restrictions:
0 – 2kg
Orders weighing between 0 – 2kg are not subject to any regional surcharges.
2 – 30kg
The following postcodes will be subject to a £8 surcharge and have no express delivery option: IV, HS, KA27-28, KW, PA20-49, PA60-78, PH17-26, PH30-44, ZE
The following postcodes will be subject to a £11 surcharge and have no express delivery option:
BT, IM, TR21-25.
31kg plus
The following postcodes will be subject to a £10 surcharge and have no express delivery option:
Grampians AB1 - 36 & 38 – 56
The following postcodes will be subject to a £15 Surcharge and have no express delivery option:
Highlands AB37, IV1-39, KW1-14, PA21-40, PH19-41, PH49
Customers requiring delivery to the following postcodes will be required to phone our customer services department on 01769 576419 for a delivery quote due to their location and the weight of their order:
Scilly Isles, Northern Ireland, Isle of Man, Scottish Islands
(IM, BT, TR21 – 25, HS1 – 9, IV40 – 56, KW15 – 17, PA20, PA41 – 49, PA60 – 78, PA80 – 88, PH42 – 44, ZE1 – 23)
Peripheral Postages
Whilst our aim to deliver within the stated timescales remains, it is likely that delivery will take 1-2 days longer to the following postcodes, due to their locations: AB30-31, AB33-38, AB41 6-8, AB41-43, AB43 6-8, AB44-45, AB51-56 & 63, DD8-10, FK8 3, FK17-21, HS, IM, IV1-3, IV4-36 & 40 & 52-54, IV41-49 & 51 & 55-56, KA27, KA28, KW, PA20-49, PA62-77, PA60, PA61, PA78, PH, TD15 2, TR21-25 and ZE.
Channel Islands We can deliver to the Channel Islands. To find out more information how to order click here.
Free Delivery
Free delivery codes are applicable for online standard delivery orders up to 30kg only. All zonal, express and refrigerated transport surcharges still apply. Unless stated otherwise codes are only applicable for a single use for the period of the offer. Mole Valley Famers reserves the right to cancel any orders which use a promotional code more than once for an offer.
10% OFF ON YARD, FIELD & FENCE DAYS - 1ST MARCH 2018
10% off applies to selected lines in our Timber & Fencing, Roofing, Drainage, Livestock Handling (feeders and drinkers) and (certain) Storage tank categories.
DISCOUNT:
Discount codes given are for online purchases only and are not available for Click & Collect orders unless otherwise stated.
Where discount codes, offer codes or reductions of any type are offered, these will automatically exclude gift vouchers, medicines, prescription products, and other controlled products.
Where discount codes, offer codes or reductions of any type are offered, these will not be accepted in conjunction with any other offer or discount including discounts associated with member benefits. discounts are available at the discretion of Mole Valley Farmers on orders up to the maximum value of £500 inc vat. Discounts are not applicable to items which are booked to account. We reserve the right to limit the use of the codes to a single unit of each product purchased and a single use of each code. This ensures volume purchases do not prevent other customers from taking advantage of the offer.
Mole Valley Farmers reserve the right to remove an offer or discount without notice at any given time.
Discounts are not accepted on Lister or Heiniger horse clipper promotions.
The lead time for England and Wales is 5 - 7 working days and 10 working days for Scotland.
Unfortunately they cannot deliver it to the Scottish Islands, Isle Of Man, Northern Ireland or Isle of Wight.
You will be contacted by email after you have placed your order asking you to log on to their website and select your chosen delivery date.
Image: Sharon Witts
Canton's First Church of the Nazarene is currently being investigated by the Canton Fire Department for pyro stunts that got out of control at an Easter pageant last Sunday, nearly burning the Son of God (well, the actor playing him) and actually burning the son of the congregation's pastor and another audience member.
In an attempt to dramatize Jesus' resurrection, the event organizers thought it would be sweet to have Jesus emerge from his stony crypt, haloed by sparklers. Says First Church Pastor Mike Dennis:
“At a dramatic moment, the stone was to have, like, sparks going around the stone, as if to say Christ was coming back to life at that moment.”
But the sparks ignited the set, engulfing the stage in flames. Thankfully, good ol' J.C. emerged unscathed, but youth pastor Paul Dennis, Mike's son, suffered second-degree burns when he ran onstage to grab a fiery slab of the stone covering Jesus.
As you can see in the video, the best part is when the Jesus impersonator roundhouses his way out of his flaming tomb (prompting the pastor to comment “I'm pretty sure that the guy playing Jesus was Chuck Norris!” on YouTube). The second best part is the portly vocal soloist who keeps singing “He Is Risen” as the 10-foot blaze overtakes the stage. The third best part is when Rammstein finally comes on.
Thanks to coverage from pseudo-hipster Christian magazine Relevant, the episode went a little viral. The Canton Fire Department, however, was less than amused. As Division Chief John Whitlatch told the Canton Rep on Wednesday, “They broke several laws in doing that. It's very dangerous and alarming. Jesus may forgive them, but the fire department doesn't have to.”
Dude, relax. That's what holy water is for, right?
In 2008, then-candidate Barack Obama promised to create 5 million “green jobs” if elected president. However, an analysis by the Institute for Energy Research (IER) finds that since 2009, the Department of Energy's (DOE) $26 billion loan program created just 2,298 permanent jobs, at a cost of $11.45 million per job created.
“The losers are the American workers who would otherwise be gainfully employed but for the tremendous waste of taxpayer dollars on the administration's obsession with ‘green energy,'” said IER Policy Associate Alex Fitzsimmons. “As the economy continues to suffer and dollars for federal programs get harder to come by, it is getting increasingly difficult to defend a program that costs so much and produces so little.”
In his New York Times bestselling book Throw Them All Out, Government Accountability Institute President Peter Schweizer revealed that 80% of Department of Energy loans went to companies owned by or connected to President Barack Obama's top campaign fundraisers.
Khizr Khan, the Gold Star father who gave a powerful speech condemning Trump's anti-Muslim rhetoric during the Democratic National Convention and became a prominent voice speaking up against the Republican's indecencies, wrote Senate Judiciary Committee leaders today in opposition to the nomination of Sen. Jeff Sessions as attorney general.
I love this country deeply and am grateful for the freedom and opportunities it has given to me and my family. I am also an attorney who reveres the rule of law, and most especially the United States Constitution. It is out of respect for our constitutional values, and not out of any personal disrespect for Sen. Jeff Sessions, that I am urging you not to confirm Mr. Sessions as U.S. Attorney General. People around the world look to our Constitution with envy. They are inspired by its promise of equal protection of the law to everyone – not just people from powerful families, or a favored ethnic group or religious community. During the past 50 years, the United States has taken many significant steps to make sure that equal protection of the law is not just a promise, but a reality. That is especially true for one of the most cherished rights we enjoy as U.S. citizens, the right to vote. Protecting this sacred right is one of the most important responsibilities of the Attorney General, and that is one reason this position cannot be entrusted to Mr. Sessions.
Khan also noted that he was "well aware of the fact that the Republican Majority of this honorable Committee may confirm Sen. Sessions after an incomplete and less than thorough hearing.” You can read the full letter here.
LIVE televised debates will be a key area for the Yes campaign in its bid to win the independence referendum, Yes Scotland chief executive Blair Jenkins has said.
The Yes side can draw on “talent” such as First Minister Alex Salmond and his deputy Nicola Sturgeon, Mr Jenkins argued, while rivals Better Together are “looking around for the least worst option”.
Mr Jenkins, a former head of news and current affairs at the BBC, told an audience at a referendum event at Glasgow University that broadcasting would present an “enormous opportunity” in the final weeks of the campaign.
Mr Salmond has repeatedly challenged the Prime Minister to a live debate, while Better Together leader Alistair Darling has said he is ready to go head to head with the First Minister.
Mr Jenkins said: “I think broadcasting is an enormous opportunity - it is one of the key areas where we are going to win this referendum.
“In the final four, five, six weeks, those big broadcasting debates are going to be enormously important.
“I am just so much happier we have the talent we have in the Yes campaign.
“Better Together are having real, real problems about who they are putting into (television) studios.
“I think in terms of finding people who are compelling, convincing and likeable, I think they are looking around for the least worst option.”
Mr Jenkins also defended his former employer against accusations of political bias.
During the question and answer session with Yes supporters and undecided voters, he said: “I am not happy and I am not satisfied with everything I see coming from the BBC, but I accept that mistakes are made and sometimes the wrong decisions are made.
“From my own experience of the BBC, the notion of some sort of systemic, corporation wide agenda to do us down is just not right.”
Mr Jenkins answered questions on a range of issues related to independence at the event, held on the eve of the 16-week regulated referendum campaign period.
Asked by one audience member whether “the gloves should come off” during the final phase of the campaign, the Yes Scotland chief executive stressed the “positivity” of the Yes campaign.
He said: “The ratio is about 80:20. We are positive 80 per cent of the time, and negative 20 per cent of the time.
Mr Jenkins accused No campaigners of “utter fixation” with Mr Salmond.
“It is like the red mist comes down and the switch is flicked whenever his name comes up,” he said.
“I think this fixation is a real fundamental weakness in their campaign.”
Earlier, Mr Jenkins gave a speech in which he set out his arguments for independence.
He said: “We now have the biggest grassroots movement in Scottish political history with hundreds of local groups, and tens of thousands of active volunteers.
“Yes groups don't hang around and they don't ask permission from HQ. They form in local communities and then they multiply and they innovate and campaign constantly, and most of all they keep talking to people. They know they are part of a cause, part of an idea that is worth sharing and spreading.
“Yes is the creative option, the option with imagination. The Yes campaign is both more organic and more dynamic than our opponents. We are seeing glimpses of what an independent Scotland would be like, a more engaged and a more determined population, a country of active citizens.”
He continued: “Independence will give us the powers to create more jobs, build a fairer country and make our people better off. With a Yes, we can make sure our wealth delivers more for people living here.
“We now have a clear picture of what a Yes vote will mean for Scotland and we are also seeing more and more clearly the consequences of voting No. And that emerging clarity about the two choices is why Scotland must vote Yes.
“As part of the UK, we are part of a society based on social exclusion, huge levels of income inequality, growing poverty rates, wide gaps in educational outcomes and shocking health inequalities. These differences largely arise from differences in assets and incomes.
“A Yes vote will give us a new sense of confidence and will harness the energy and skills of our people, amplifying the great determination and vision that we are seeing in the Yes groups and volunteers around Scotland.”
SEE ALSO
• Great Ormond Street Hospital hits out at No advert
• Cinema chains ban independence referendum ads
• Yes and No camps argue fiscal cases
• Eyes of the world on independence debate - Darling
• Nigel Farage challenges Alex Salmond to TV debate
• Leaders: TV debate irrelevant to independence
March for Truth Denver will call for an independent commission with subpoena powers. It is also calling for congressional investigations to continue.
Denver will be one of 94 cities across the country to host a March For Truth rally this Saturday as new revelations regarding possible ties between the Trump administration and Russia continues to surface. The purpose of the rally is to call for an independent commission with subpoena powers. It is also calling for congressional investigations to continue.
In a press release, organizers of the event called the appointment of a special counsel to investigate the Trump administration “one piece of the puzzle,” with further action still required. Organizers quoted Rep. John Conyers of Michigan, the ranking minority member of the House Judiciary Committee: “The appointment of a special counsel does not relieve Congress of its responsibility to conduct oversight of the Trump Administration.”
“Our shared goal is to stand with the nearly 100 other cities across this nation to send a message that we have questions we strongly believe deserve the proper investigations and with that the oversight and resources such a process requires,” said Jessica Chauvin, co-organizer of the March For Truth Denver rally.
Indivisible Colorado District 6, MoveOn Front Range, Strengthening Democracy Colorado and DemEnterCO are all participating in the event. The confirmed speakers include state Rep. Joe Salazar, who is running for state attorney general, and state Sen. Andy Kerr, who is seeking the Democratic nomination to replace Rep. Ed Perlmutter in Congressional District 7. Perlmutter is running for governor.
“The entire time we've been planning this, we've been expressing how we know something needs to be done, but the questions are how and what does it all mean — so we seized on this to also be an educational opportunity in an effort to empower constituents through knowledge,” Chauvin said.
Among the speakers is Tay Anderson, a recent Manual High School graduate and student body president who is a school board candidate for Denver Public Schools.
“I always attend every rally, and I always speak when I have a chance so that there is always a young person speaking at these rallies,” said Anderson, 18. “We need to work for progressive values so that we don't have another President Trump.”
What You Need To Know:
Colorado's March For Truth rally starts at 11 a.m. Saturday in Commons Park, rather than in Civic Center Park, where many rallies and marches have taken place.
Following the speeches, demonstrators will march down Little Raven Street to 16th Street, starting around noon. The march will end at the Highland Bridge. Streets won't be closed off, and marchers will be expected to follow traffic rules.
The March For Truth Denver's Twitter page is encouraging demonstrators to wear red, white and blue.
The rally is intended as a peaceful demonstration, and the event's website asks participants to de-escalate confrontations with people opposing the rally.
“One thing we do want to highlight is — for those who wish to march — the need to abide by traffic laws, mainly crosswalks, and to not impede traffic as streets are not closed off,” said Chauvin. “We will have trained marshals at various strategic points to assist with flow. We will have dumpsters for our garbage. Our goal is to leave the grounds better than we found it.”
Ahead of Saturday's match-up between the New York Red Bulls and Portland Timbers, we took a couple of minutes to sit down with Stumptown Footy Contributor Michael Orr to get a sense of what to expect on Saturday.
OaM: The Portland Timber have gotten off to a slow start this year (1-7-3 10 points), and currently sit in last in the Western Conference. What is happening to this team that has them starting sluggish?
SF: Early in the season, two issues plagued the Timbers: a lack of scoring and boneheaded defensive miscues. More recently, especially since the full-time return of Steve Zakuani, Portland has started to score some goals which has relieved some of the pressure off the struggling defense. Yet almost every week someone on the back line makes a terrible mistake or scores an own-goal, forcing the Timbers to score more just to keep the score level. Adding in injuries to Michael Harrington and Diego Chara and last weekend's red card for Alvas Powell, Portland now has a lack of personnel to add to its inability to keep a clean sheet.
OaM: You guys lost Alvas Powell last week to an early red card, and he was subsequently suspended for another two games for his tackle on Columbus Crew's Chad Barson. What will his absence mean for the team going into New York?
SF: Unless Michael Harrington has a miracle recovery, the likeliest scenario is that Jorge Villafana will start at left back and Jack Jewsbury will shift back to right back. Villafana came on after Powell's red card against Columbus but was substituted off late in the game for new forward Fandendo Adi as Portland pushed for a(nother) late equalizer. Expect him to start and play 90 minutes on Saturday, unless he too gets injured or the urge to send an opposing player flying into the air.
OaM: There are reports that Diego Chara might be able to play this week, albeit with a cast from a broken bone in his hand. What would his playing mean if is fit enough for New York?
SF: Chara's return would be welcome, of course, as he is consistently one of Caleb Porter's best players. A cast (or club) on his hand wouldn't do much to limit is mobility which is so key for how the Timbers set up in central midfield. That said, Ben Zemanski had a really nice game last weekend, mostly keeping a more defensive position and allowing Will Johnson greater freedom to sneak forward and aid in the attack. Most of that went to hell after Powell's red card but Zemanski did more than enough to earn Porter's consideration for this weekend.
OaM: Prediction?
The tragic shooting at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando, Florida has opened up a wide open debate on a number of topics. Should weapons like the AR-15 be readily available legally and easily in the United States of America? Should those suspect of ties to terrorism be allowed to even purchase a gun? It's a passionate debate, but one that has largely been clouded by emotion and devoid of logic.
United States Senator Dianne Feinstein has joined the debate.
After the Pulse shooting, Democrats immediately seized on the political opportunity. The gun control agenda sparked again, with the same old used talking points about how gun control would have prevented the tragedy. Would background checks had stopped a security guard from having a weapon? Not likely, but this doesn't matter to those with a political agenda.
But beyond this, Senator Feinstein and others have taken the debate to a new extreme. Anyone on a watchlist should not be allowed to acquire a gun.
In theory, the idea of a terrorist not being able to legally purchase a gun seems like a logical idea. Who wants bad people to have weapons and misuse them by murdering innocent people? Nobody, not even gun rights advocates, want that. But how do we decide who a terrorist is and what defines a bad guy?
Senator Feinstein believes that the watchlist is enough to decide who a terrorist is and that being on said list shows you're a bad person.
Was 8-year-old Mikey Hicks a terrorist when he found himself on the watchlist simply because he shared the name with a Michael Hicks who was being monitored by the federal government? Does the fact that some government agents decided that sharing a name warranted enough suspicion mean he's a bad person?
Does Senator Feinstein believe it was right for this little boy to be touched thoroughly at an airport and be humiliated in front of parents and other people?
This is wrong and most people would agree. This is why due process exists in America. If you're suspected of being guilty of a crime, the accuser brings a case against you and then you have your day in court. The principle of innocent until proven guilty is central to the freedom this country stands for.
Unfortunately in recent decades, this has eroded. People like Jose Padilla, a United States citizen, have been detained and held without charge for a number of years simply because the President declared him an “enemy combatant.” That's it.
In America, a judge no longer has to preside over a case and allow the accused to defend themselves. The President of the United States or government agents can decide your guilt for you. This is enough to have your access to rights guaranteed under the Bill of Rights taken away.
This is about more than just a gun. Liberals may feel that this is all worth it just over a gun. But we now live in a lawless society. The judicial system is a mere charade that exists to give the appearance of separation of powers.
Bill Shorten faces stiff opposition from Labor's left faction on boat turn-backs about-face
Updated
Opposition Leader Bill Shorten will come up against stiff opposition at the ALP's national conference this weekend when he tries to convince his party to support turning back asylum seeker boats.
Mr Shorten confirmed he had changed his mind on the policy on the ABC's 7.30 program on Wednesday night.
"I can no longer escape the conclusion that Labor, if we form a government, needs to have all the options on the table," Mr Shorten said.
He said he now believed the Coalition's policy of turning back asylum seeker boats, in conjunction with resettling asylum seekers offshore, had worked.
"It's not easy, though, because it involves the admission, I think, that mistakes were made when Labor was last in government," he said.
"If I want to be the leader of this nation, I've got to be able to face the truth. And the truth for me is that if we have policies in place which gives sustenance and support to people smugglers to exploit vulnerable people, where they put these vulnerable people on unsafe boats and then people drown at sea, I can't support any policies which do that."
Federal MP Andrew Giles, from Labor's left faction, confirmed the policy backflip would be fought when the ALP meets to discuss its policy platforms this weekend.
"I will be arguing for a policy that does not support turn-backs," Mr Giles said.
"I'm concerned about the breach, as I see it, of international law."
Another Labor MP, Anna Burke, said she was very disappointed by the Opposition Leader's announcement.
"I'm not in a position to support that policy," Ms Burke said.
"I don't think there's a need to be trumpeting turn-backs."
She argued the opposition should be supporting a more humane approach.
"I do think that there will be a lot of people this morning trying to weigh up whether they'll be able to vote for Labor at the next election," Ms Burke said.
Greens senator Sarah Hanson-Young said Mr Shorten was making a big mistake.
"All it [the turn-backs policy] does is push vulnerable refugees over the horizon to die in somebody else's waters," she said.
"Many Labor supporters will be heartbroken."
Paul Power from the Refugee Council of Australia accused Mr Shorten and his immigration spokesman Richard Marles, who has written an opinion piece supporting turn-backs, of "pandering to the politics of fear".
"The Australian Labor Party, which aspires to be a party of the centre, is being asked by its leader to abandon its principles of fairness, compassion and respect for international law and copy the Liberal-National Coalition's policy of forcing back people seeking protection from persecution," Mr Power said.
Immigration Minister Peter Dutton said Labor was only putting forward the "option" of turn-backs and questioned whether the party would follow through.
"This is not a definite policy proposal," he said.
"The Labor Party's track record of failure when it comes to border protection, I think, should sound alarm bells."
Mr Shorten also indicated that if elected he might increase Australia's refugee intake.
"We'll have more to say on this ... I do believe we can probably take more refugees."
Mr Shorten's announcement on turn-backs came just days after a suspected asylum boat was spotted off the coast of Dampier in Western Australia.
The boat, carrying what are believed to be Vietnamese asylum seekers, was spotted by crew members on an oil tanker at first light on Monday morning about 150 kilometres offshore.
Water police were called in to help locate it, and the ABC understands an Australian Navy boat followed later.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott has refused to provide any details in response to the reports, saying it is an "iron law" of his Government not to comment on operational matters.
Topics: community-and-society, immigration, alp, federal-government, refugees, australia
First posted
John McCain has officially run out of safe havens. Following yesterday's brutal smackdown between McCain lackey Tucker Bounds and FOX News reporter Megyn Kelly, John McCain appeared on “Morning Joe”, an MSNBC morning show hosted by conservative commentator Joe Scarbrough. McCain got pissy at several points in the interview, even going so far as accusing Joe's co-host of being in the tank for Obama. The co-host, by the way, has a brother who works for John McCain's campaign, and even worked for George W. Bush for six years. Conservative columnists in newspapers across the country have taken a shocking turn against McCain, although to be fair they all seem quite varied in their reasonings; the most notable today came from the New York Times in which the author went on a long anti-Palin rant, but certainly did not endorse Obama.
Even the comedy front is becoming an issue for McCain. Jon Stewart, who frequently invited McCain on his show over the years, has really outdone himself for this election season. He followed up his destruction of McCain's acceptance speech as being literally “more of the same”, by showing hilarious clips of Sarah Palin and George Bush uniting in their claim that America “must not blink”. While Stewart has never been afraid to make his opinions known, even going so far as begging Americans to “make [his] job harder” the day before the 2004 election, it is surprising to see him go after his friend so brutally… or at least it would be surprising if his friend didn't deserve it. Tough lovin' from Mr. Liebowitz.
The simple fact remains: John McCain is running out of places to spew his BS. Americans are beginning to realize that he is running a campaign that could make even Karl Rove blush (and has; according to Rove, McCain's ads have gone too far). Jon Stewart's annihilation of McCain's speech, and SNL's amazing skit showing how Palin has made a joke of everything Hillary did for women in America, have made a surprising impact as well. In today's Gallup poll, McCain's once-solid lead has slipped to a single percentage point, thus a virtual tie when you consider the average margin of error.
Somewhere on the campaign trail, Barack Obama is smiling.
Advertisements
When watching Connor McDavid play for the Edmonton Oilers, Wayne Gretzky gets the urge to don his No. 99 again.
“I could get 60 goals playing with that guy,” the Great One said. “I'm truly amazed at how good he is.”
Admiration runs deeps from the NHL's all-time leading scorer when it comes to McDavid. Gretzky believes his fellow prodigy has all the tools for a truly special career, mentioning his name in the same breathe as Mario Lemieux, Gordie Howe, Guy LaFleur, and of course, Sidney Crosby, who he said remains the best in the game today.
“But I don't think there's any question that Connor's the best 19-year-old hockey player I've ever seen and I saw (Mark) Messier, I saw Lemieux, I saw Lafleur,” Gretzky said Monday in an interview to promote his new book, “99: Stories of the Game.”
“This kid is special.”
READ MORE: Wayne Gretzky surprises Edmonton university hockey team after rejoining the Oilers
Now, Gretzky continued, it's up to McDavid, who was recently named Oilers captain, to live up to the potential. Gretzky, a former Oilers captain himself, noted how Crosby delivered on the hype by winning not only individual awards, but Stanley Cups for the Pittsburgh Penguins.
“The Lemieuxs, the LaFleurs, and the (Mike) Bossys, those guys did it, they accomplished it, they became Hall of Famers,” Gretzky said.
“(Is McDavid) on the right track? Absolutely. And has he got an opportunity to do some real special things? One hundred per cent. Has he got his head screwed on properly? One hundred per cent. He's in the right organization (and) the city will take care of him. It's a wonderful city for him to play in. Tremendous ownership. Great coaching.
“Now, it's going to take time. He's still only 19,” Gretzky continued. “But he has everything in place to become the best player in the National Hockey League and go on to win some championships for the Edmonton Oilers.”
READ MORE: Wayne Gretzky rejoins Edmonton Oilers in off-ice role
McDavid became the first Oiler since Gretzky in 1987 to record at least six points in the opening two games of a season, totalling three goals and three assists in a pair of wins over the Calgary Flames last week.
He had 48 points in 45 games as a rookie last season.
READ MORE: Edmonton Oilers captain Connor McDavid named 1st star for opening week of NHL season
Gretzky said if he could steal one thing for his own game from McDavid it would be his speed. The Newmarket, Ont., native has “one extra gear that I don't think I've ever seen on a hockey player.”
And though Paul Coffey, his former Oilers teammate and fellow Hall of Famer, is still the purest skater Gretzky has ever seen, McDavid is even on a “different level.”
Gretzky believes McDavid's greatness and best-in-the-game status will ultimately come from Stanley Cups. Edmonton last won the NHL's biggest prize in 1990, two years after Gretzky was traded to Los Angeles. What separates great players from the truly elite, he said, is championships. All the legends, from Messier to Howe and Bobby Orr, have won the Cup at least once and in some cases, several times.
The foundation in Edmonton is there for McDavid to one day join them, Gretzky said.
READ MORE: Connor McDavid has hard acts to follow as youngest NHL captain
Though he acknowledged the difficulty in evaluating individuals on team success, Gretzky said it was fair when it comes to the all-timers, a class he sees McDavid eventually joining. Does he think Cup victories should determine Hall of Fame status? No. Nor, he said, is one player responsible for delivering the game's top prize.
“But what I'm saying is if you want to get that elite status where they say you're Bobby Orr or you're Jean Beliveau to me you've got to win a Stanley Cup,” Gretzky said. “Winning a Stanley Cup is important and you should never lose sight of that fact. And with winning that Stanley Cup he's going to win Art Rosses (for leading the league in scoring) and he's going to win the Hart Trophy (for league MVP). All that stuff will come with it because he's in a good organization with good coaching. He's got a management team that understands who he is and they're going to be a good team for a long time.
“Now, you've got to go to that next level. But listen, it's not going to happen overnight, it's hard to win, it's going to take time.”
Gretzky envisions McDavid following the same path Crosby set a decade ago, which included a Hart Trophy as an NHL sophomore and Stanley Cup champion two years after that.
“Now, he's going to cross all those bridges that Sidney had to, whether it be playing for a Stanley Cup, whether it be captain of the Olympic team, all those things are going to come his way. But he's ready for it,” Gretzky said.
“I just can't say enough good things about him I just think he's such a special player.”
It may seem hard to believe, but it was 20 years ago today, on December 3, 1994, that Sony launched the original PlayStation, and the PlayStation brand, in Japan. To celebrate, the console gaming giant is offering an extremely limited worldwide run of 12,300 (12/3 hundred... get it?) "20th Anniversary Edition" PlayStation 4 consoles in "original grey," matching the color and styling of that first system launched 20 years ago.
The package comes at a premium price of $499 in the US, which includes a 500GB system, a PlayStation camera, a limited edition DualShock 4, and a vertical stand—all colored to match the original PlayStation. The system and controller also feature tiny etched patterns of the familiar X, O, square, and triangle buttons, as well as the classic, red, yellow, blue, and green PlayStation logo on the front. A "very limited supply" will be available for preorder in the US and Canada beginning Saturday, December 6, with more details on availability to be announced during the upcoming PlayStation Experience.
In announcing the system, Sony Social Media Manager Sid Shuman called the release "perhaps the most limited edition PlayStation we'll ever see." That's discounting some of the rarer limited edition colors and designs in the PlayStation brand's past, though, including a Japan-exclusive Yakuza-themed white PS3 (10,000 reportedly made), a midnight blue original PlayStation made to celebrate the system's 10 millionth sale (100 reportedly givens to contest winners), and the $5,000 solid gold PS3s made by computer-choppers.com (five reportedly sold—thanks to the invaluable consolecolors.com).
Gaming anniversary homage fans may recall that Nintendo pulled a similar move in 2004, introducing a limited-edition Game Boy Advance SP styled after the original Nintendo Entertainment System, in celebration of that console's 20th anniversary. The portable was available in much greater quantities than this limited-edition PS4, though, and sold for a more competitive $99.
Just so you know, Microsoft, we have you penciled in to release an ultra-limited run of 20 "Anniversary Edition" Xbox One consoles, in stylish translucent green, sometime near the end of 2021.
The unanimous ruling by three judges of the Third Court of Appeals in Austin revoked the state's custody over a large group of the children and by extension almost certainly the rest, for what it called a lack of evidence that they were in immediate danger of sexual or physical abuse.
The appeals court said the record “does not reflect any reasonable effort on the part of the department to ascertain if some measure short of removal and/or separation would have eliminated the risk.” It also said the evidence of danger to the children “was legally and factually insufficient” to justify their removal and it said the lower court “abused its discretion” in failing to return seized children to their families.
Photo
The ruling — an unusual mandamus opinion granting relief in a case not yet decided — came on the application of 38 women who challenged state custody and another 54 who filed a second action. But lawyers said the burden was on the state to show why it should not apply to the rest of the children as well.
State agency officials, who have been criticized for their handling of the raid, said taking all the children in the church's compound were necessary because the culture of the sect led to illegal under-age marriage for girls and acceptance of that practice by boys, a pattern that the state said endangers both sexes.
The children and their mothers, who refused to be separated from them, were initially housed in a former military facility and an entertainment arena in San Angelo. Last month, after two days of often chaotic hearings, a judge in San Angelo ordered that all of the children be placed in Texas foster care facilities.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The court action on Thursday followed a writ of mandamus filed by the Texas RioGrande Legal Aid group — the largest provider of legal aid in the state — and some mothers from the sect who were representing their children.
“We're extremely happy with the ruling,” Cynthia Martinez, a spokeswoman for the Texas RioGrande Legal Aid group, told The Houston Chronicle.
“The way that the courts have ignored the legal rights of these mothers is ridiculous,” Julie Balovich, also of RioGrande, added. “It was about time a court stood up and said that what has been happening to these families is wrong.”
The state made its case in an earlier court hearing. “There is a culture of young girls being pregnant by old men,” said Angie Voss, an investigator with Child Protective Services, who participated in the raid and interviewed girls at the ranch. Ms. Voss testified that she had found evidence that “more than 20 girls, some of whom are now adults, have conceived or given birth under the age of 16 or 17.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The F.L.D.S. leader, Warren S. Jeffs, was convicted last year on a rape charge for imposing marriage between an under-age girl and older man in Utah.
Summary: Music could have unexpected benefits for those with Alzheimer's disease.
Source: Ithaca College.
Music and voice major Jessica Voutsinas '18 was singing the classic song “Over the Rainbow” to a resident at Longview — an adult residential facility near the Ithaca College campus — when the woman unexpectedly lit up and began telling stories about her life and children in a breakthrough of memory recall.
Voutsinas started visiting Longview as part of a new course at Ithaca College called Exploring Music as Medicine, which teaches students how to perform for dementia and Alzheimer's patients and then assigns them to local nursing homes to bring music to residents. Since the launch of the program, dozens of patients in Tompkins County have experienced its benefits.
“You play familiar music,” lecturer and course cofounder Jayne Demakos '78 says. “That's really what people with Alzheimer's and dementia will respond to.”
“The class was a transformative experience for me,” says Voutsinas. “It seemed unbelievable that music could do something that pills can't. But after witnessing this and experiencing it for myself, my whole perception of music changed.”
Ryan Mewhorter '19, a voice and performance major, was introduced to the idea of the healing power of music when he heard School of Music Dean Karl Paulnack speak about the program at the beginning of his first year at IC.
Having lost his grandfather to Alzheimer's disease, Mewhorter immediately wanted to become involved in the project. By his second semester on campus, he had founded a student organization called Healing through Musical Companionship. The club now has 50 members who visit Beechtree Center for Rehabilitation and Nursing in downtown Ithaca each week to play recorded music for patients. Using recorded music allows students who are not musicians to help trigger residents' memories and encourage positive emotional responses.
During her first visit to Beechtree in February 2016, club member Kathryn Kandra '19 met a woman who was slumped in her wheelchair, head tucked down toward her lap. Kandra began playing the show Annie on an iPod, and within minutes the woman started singing along and conducting the music. Halfway through act one, she began asking Kandra about her life at Ithaca College.
“When I met her, she was completely nonverbal,” Kandra says. “It was amazing that I could give her at least 10 minutes of this lucidness and companionship.”
Mewhorter also loves bringing that feeling to Alzheimer's and dementia patients, although he found that the live music program through the music course allowed him to make a more direct connection with residents.
“Live music has this feeling that is more personal,” he says. “When you put headphones on a resident, there isn't a whole lot of room to communicate. When you perform music for them, they can sing along and make eye contact with you and follow the beat.”
Seeing the incredible enthusiasm for both the Exploring Music as Medicine course and Healing through Musical Companionship club has sparked talk of expanding the programs. Paulnack says it is possible that the School of Music may consider creating a major or minor in music as medicine that would emphasize both a high level of musicianship and the healing power of music. The program would involve the departments of music, recreation and leisure studies, gerontology, speech-language pathology and audiology, occupational therapy, and writing.
“We don't claim to know what we're doing yet,” says Paulnack. “We just want to jump in with both feet and explore it.”
About this music and alzheimer's disease research article
Source: Dan Verderosa – Ithaca College
Image Source: NeuroscienceNews.com image is credited to Robyn Wishna/Ithaca College.
Original Research: We will report on the findings of this research once the study is complete.
Cite This NeuroscienceNews.com Article
MLA
APA
Chicago Ithaca College “Music as Medicine: Using Music to Help Dementia and Alzheimer's Patients.” NeuroscienceNews. NeuroscienceNews, 14 April 2017.
<http://neurosciencenews.com/alzheimers-music-therapy-6414/>. Ithaca College (2017, April 14). Music as Medicine: Using Music to Help Dementia and Alzheimer's Patients. NeuroscienceNew. Retrieved April 14, 2017 from http://neurosciencenews.com/alzheimers-music-therapy-6414/ Ithaca College “Music as Medicine: Using Music to Help Dementia and Alzheimer's Patients.” http://neurosciencenews.com/alzheimers-music-therapy-6414/ (accessed April 14, 2017).
Feel free to share this Neuroscience News.
Environment artist Adam Dudley discussed modern environment production workflow and best ways to add more character and story to your virtual space.
Introduction
My name is Adam Dudley, born and raised in the North East of England, where I currently live. I was studying Law at University before deciding that I wanted to make art for games, so I then changed to study Computer Games Art at Teesside University.
I've recently had the pleasure of assisting People Can Fly setup a new studio in Newcastle, UK. Previously, I worked for Ubisoft Reflections as a Senior Environment Artist on titles such as Tom Clancy's The Division and Watchdogs.
Modern Environment Production Challenges
As game environments become more complex, intricate and detailed, it generally means that it either takes more time to create them, or requires more artists. Quality, time and budget are three points of an ever-shifting triangle of importance when it comes to production. As our industry advances onward and consoles and PCs become more powerful, so the bar of quality is continuously raised, and it becomes increasingly complex and challenging to make sure you reach or push that bar.
As for the question of whether Introducing new tools into your pipeline makes it more complex? I would say yes and no; yes, in that environment artists working in the games industry need to understand more techniques and software packages than ever, and find new ways of working and creating artwork, and no, because more often than not, these new tools will really benefit the artists' pipelines, making them more efficient and less destructive, perhaps even removing steps and optimising their workflow. Take Substance Designer for example; provided your material is setup correctly, changes in your graph are propagated to all your output maps, whereas in the past you would need to have edited each one individually. Also, it's potentially way easier to action feedback from art directors in Substance Designer, as adjusting a few sliders can drastically alter your material – imagine having to change the pattern in a brick texture; in Substance Designer, you change a few inputs and you're done.
New tools should be beneficial to the artist; the introduction of new tools should make pipelines more efficient, or improve the quality of the outcome. If they do neither, then they're ineffective and will likely be replaced or dropped.
Getting Familiar with Substance Designer
I have been introduced to Substance Designer a few years ago, as I started to see artists using it in the industry, and on ArtStation etc. I started experimenting with it around a year ago, as my friend Chris Hodgson was really getting into it and I was inspired by his work to take it up, but I've only seriously put time into it in the last few months.
I started learning Substance Designer because I saw the potential it had to improve my texture and material creation workflow, and because it looked awesome. Initially, I followed as many tutorials as I could find; tutorials from guys like Joshua Lynch, Rogelio Olguin, Hugo Beyer etc. The Allegorithmic YouTube channel also has great tutorials for beginners. I also found some cool materials on Substance Share, downloaded the .SBS files and analysed the graphs in Substance Designer to figure out how they had been created. These steps helped me to understand the creation process in Substance Designer, and to move onto creating my own materials using what I had learned; my parquet wood material being the first of my own materials.
Moving from previous texture creation methods into Substance Designer requires you to think differently; as an artist, you know how to achieve something in photoshop but now you must figure out how to create that effect in Substance Designer without hand painting etc. It was initially difficult to rewire my brain but eventually it became second nature – although I'm still learning so I do struggle from time to time!
The way I usually approach material creation in Substance Designer is:
– Reference – research the material you want to recreate, understand it, how it behaves, its material properties etc
– Fine reference images and make a reference board, always referring back to it during the creation process.
– Setup in Substance Designer – I would suggest setting up your graph with a mid-grey value plugged into the albedo and roughness output whilst you create your height. This help you to focus on the height without being distracted by diffuse or roughness. Also, elements of your height map creation process will act as a source for the vast majority of your other maps (albedo, roughness etc)
Differences between Organic and Man-made materials.
In a way, creating organic materials and creating man-made materials share the same process – you establish your base shapes, then you progressively build up layers of information to create variation and break up uniformity, finally adding micro detail etc. The main difference I've found is that man-made materials are inherently more structured (bricks, tiles, etc) and so that provides a strong base to work from. With organic shapes however, they're less ordered, more natural, so finding their form and subtleties can be more of a challenge.
Adding Defects into Substance Designer Materials
All the materials I've made in Substance Designer are 100% procedural. In the case of the detail and edge wear in the poured concrete panels, it was a layered approach, built up gradually. I started with the panel edges, running my panels through a Slope Blur at a very low intensity, using Clouds 2 as the slope input, then through another Slope Blur with Perlin Noise Zoom as the input. It then goes through a final Slope Blur using a custom input which kind of acts as the input amount and a mask at the same time. For the smaller pockmarks in the concrete, those are made using a simple three stage process. The first stage is a simple subtle noise for the less obvious micro surface variation – this is a series of different noises Directional Warped and Blended together to create a more natural look. The larger pockmarks are created by taking Black and White Spots 1, levelling, scaling and Directional Warping with a noise, whilst the smaller pockmarks follow the same process but using Black and White Spots 2 instead. These three are Blended with the main height map using Subtract, at various opacities as required.
Why do We Need Details
As they say, the devil is in the details! It really depends on the kind of game you are working on, as well as the art style. Having this kind of focus on tiny details in materials is, in my opinion, absolutely necessary, especially in games with a realistic art style. First person and third person games generally require very high levels of detail as the player camera will be in close proximity to the environment; assets, walls etc. Other genres such as RTS and MMO where perhaps the camera is further away, will usually require less detail as the player will never see the objects at the scale required for such detail – in these cases, things like form, colour and silhouette become more important.
As artists trying to create realistic materials and environments, attention to detail is paramount. These details tell stories; for example, is this concrete freshly poured or has it been there for some time? Has it been exposed to the elements? Has it been damaged in any way? If so was it general wear and tear, part of the construction process or from an external factor (i.e. bullet holes from bad guys)? Etc. All of these details, and the stories behind them, help to ground your art in the environment and in the game world, and in turn help immerse the player in the experience.
How to Work With Level Designer?
Usually when we begin working on a new level, area or mission, the artist and the level designer will work hand in hand from the very start. It's a very symbiotic relationship; we have to make sure that the level plays as well as possible and looks awesome too, which usually means we will have to each make compromises for the other, so the relationship has to be a close one. But it's always a conversation, not an imposition – we bounce ideas off each other until we find the one that works for our collective vision.
At the risk of sounding overly artsy, as you work on these spaces they really do take on their own personalities and vibes – all your ideas coalesce, and as they start to come together you just naturally find yourself gravitating towards ideas that would suit the space. It helps to have a strong vision of what you want to achieve; a well-defined art direction, a backstory or narrative to your space and so on. Once you establish these pillars, it's way easier to build your environment within the logical framework you've set out. For example, in the Rave space in the tutorial mission for the Tom Clancy's The Division Underground expansion, from a very early stage we established that this area would be a hidden ‘end of the world' party, and would mix the neon craziness of a rave with the macabre realities of the world of The Division.
It's important to consider the purpose of what you're adding to a scene, for example, the large pieces of neon graffiti in the Rave Room served primarily to draw the player's eye and guide them through the level and to flanking routes. But they also had to look cool, to make the player feel immersed in the environment. They also needed to tell a story – the pieces are wild, bold, artistic, frenetic – it tells the player something about the people who painted them, without the player even noticing. Hundreds of neon paint footprints surround the DJ/dance floor area, with several spilled cans of neon paint close by – this tells the player that people were here in large numbers, dancing, having fun, whilst dead bodies nearby show what happened next. All of these details are visually interesting when you first see them, but they also tell stories, and that is why they work.
There's a lot to consider when you're propping an environment! Composition, readability, focal points, guiding the player, prop distribution, areas of rest for the eye, lighting etc, all of which are huge topics in their own right.
When you're at the propping stage, you will more than likely already have the structure or architecture in place; the larger forms which make up your scene. With prop placement, as mentioned previously, you want to make sure that you are telling a story. You also need to make sure your distribution of props makes sense; for example, you wouldn't have 3 huge, different hero pieces sat in a scene with no supporting smaller assets, just like you wouldn't have 20 equally sized small assets in an area with nothing else – it's all about balance. I generally have larger assets or areas supported by a few mid-sized pieces, then many smaller detailed items. So, for example, a huge air conditioning unit, with a few interesting large/mid-sized pipes, with various smaller piles of trash or bottles etc.
This balance of prop distribution is one of the main considerations when it comes to ‘reads'. You want players to be able to ‘read' your environment, or your area, as soon as they enter it; the primary read. After that you have your secondary and tertiary reads, as the player observes mid then smaller level detail. Without the correct balance of prop distribution in your scene, these reads won't work as they should.
Advice On Making a Perfect Portfolio
There are a few key things to consider when it comes to your portfolio. First, focus on quality not quantity; five excellent pieces are better than ten average pieces. Next, you are only as strong as your weakest piece, so you need to be ruthless with your own work. If it's not up to your current standard, jettison it. If you feel like you can't be objective, ask friends and colleagues their opinion, get some fresh eyes on your portfolio.
Try to be original and interesting; it's how you will stand out. If you really want to do a sci-fi corridor, try and think of an angle on the theme that no-one has done before
Specialise, to a degree; don't try to be all things (Environments, characters, FX, etc). Yes, some people can do it, some are very successful at it, but if you're trying to get into the industry it can make it hard for those looking to hire you to understand where you would fit into the team. It's rare that you would have a job where you would be expected to produce work in many different disciplines too (unless you're indie, or a very small developer). That doesn't mean you can't experiment with these things in your own time though of course.
The presentation is of vital importance. Poor presentation can kill a great piece of work.
Adam Dudley, Environment Artist
Interview performed by Kirill Tokarev.
At a news conference following a one-on-one meeting with Benedict on Friday, Archbishop Zollitsch said the pope was “greatly upset” and “deeply moved” by the abuse allegations, and had urged the German church to seek the truth and help the victims.
The meeting and news conference occurred before the statement from the Munich archdiocese.
Archbishop Zollitsch said the German church had vowed to investigate all allegations of abuse, encouraging victims to identify themselves even if the abuse happened decades ago. In recent weeks, hundreds of people who say they were abuse victims have come forward.
“The cases are growing every day,” said Thomas Pfister, a lawyer appointed by the German church to investigate abuse cases in the Ettal monastery boarding school in Bavaria. He said more than 100 people had contacted him so far.
“Every day I receive e-mails from around the world from people who have been abused,” Mr. Pfister said, adding that the school had posted his e-mail address on its Web site to encourage this. “There has been a very big silence. Now they want to have a voice.”
Experts said the scandals could undermine Benedict's moral authority, especially because they cut particularly close to the pope himself. As head of the Vatican's main doctrinal arm, the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith, he led Vatican investigations into abuse for four years before assuming the papacy in 2005.
“What is at stake, and at great risk, is Benedict's central project for the ‘re-Christianization' of Christendom, his desire to have Europe return to its Christian roots,” said David Gibson, the author of a biography of Benedict and a religion commentator for Politicsdaily.com. “But if the root itself is seen as rotten, then his influence will be badly compromised.”
When a sex abuse scandal broke in Boston church in 2002, Pope Benedict — then Cardinal Ratzinger — was among the Vatican officials who made statements that minimized the problem and accused the news media of blowing it out of proportion.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But as the abuse case files landed on his desk at the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith, his colleagues said he was deeply disturbed by what he learned. On his first visit to the United States as pope, Benedict met with abuse victims from Boston and said he was “deeply ashamed” by priests who had harmed children.
But victims' advocates accuse the pope of doing little to discipline the bishops who permitted abusers to continue serving in ministry. The case in Munich, which was brought to the attention of the diocese by the daily newspaper Süddeutsche Zeitung, was a result of “serious mistakes,” the archdiocese said in its statement.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
In Munich case, a priest from Essen, “despite allegations of sexual abuse, and in spite of a conviction — was repeatedly assigned work in the sphere of pastoral care by the then-Vicar General Gerhard Gruber,” who worked under Benedict when he was the archbishop.
The priest, identified only with the initial “H,”was moved to Munich in January 1980, where he was supposed to undergo therapy, a decision that was taken “with the approval of the archbishop,” according to the archdiocese's statement. Benedict was archbishop of Munich from 1977 to 1982.
In June 1986, the priest was convicted of sexually abusing minors and given an 18-month suspended sentence with five years of probation, fined 4,000 marks and ordered to undergo therapy.
The former vicar general took full responsibility for the decision to reinstate the priest to pastoral work. “I deeply regret that this decision resulted in offenses against youths and apologize to all who were harmed by it,” he said, according to a statement posted on the archdiocese's Web site.
There was immediate skepticism that Benedict, as archbishop, would not have known of the details of the case.
The Rev. Thomas P. Doyle, who once worked at the Vatican Embassy in Washington and became an early and well-known whistle-blower on sexual abuse in the church, said the vicar general's claim was not credible.
“Nonsense,” said Father Doyle, who has served as an expert witness in sexual abuse lawsuits. “Pope Benedict is a micromanager. He's the old style. Anything like that would necessarily have been brought to his attention. Tell the vicar general to find a better line. What he's trying to do, obviously, is protected the pope.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
It is unclear how many cases have come to light. At the news conference, the archbishop said that the Bishops Conference had sent a questionnaire to dioceses to determine which kinds of abuse cases emerged, not how many, and was awaiting a response.
The scandal is not limited to Germany. This week, two dioceses in Austria suspended five priests pending investigations into allegations they had molested students. The church in the Netherlands has said it would open an investigation after more than 200 people came forward in recent weeks.
To many observers, the situation in Europe looked unsettlingly similar to that in the United States a decade ago, when a trickle of isolated abuse cases steadily grew into a widespread phenomenon that upended — and financially strained — many American dioceses.
But in Europe, unlike in common-law countries like the United States, Canada and Australia, defendants cannot sue the church for negligence.
“When this first started to break in the United States in the mid-to-late '80s and our bishops went to Rome for help in dealing with it, they were basically told, ‘This is an American problem,' ” said Nicholas Cafardi, a canon law expert and emeritus dean of the Duquesne University School of Law.
“But human nature being human nature, it wasn't logical to say this only exists in the common-law countries,” Mr. Cafardi added. “Our legal system brought it to light more quickly. In fact it's not an American or common-law problem, it's a human problem.”
Conservative commentator Bay Buchanan said on "Larry King Live" on Monday that Obama's choice of Sonia Sotomayor to fill a Supreme Court vacancy last year, and now Elena Kagan are signs that the President has "dummied down the Supreme Court."
"What makes her qualified?" Buchanan asked, referring to Kagan. "She has -- being a president of Harvard makes you qualified? It does not. What he's done is dummy down. He has dummied down the Supreme Court. He has given two of the best appointments of his administration to people who are not the best and the brightest. That's unfortunate."
Harvard Kennedy School Professor and CNN political anlayst David Gergen, who also appearded on the program, disagreed: "I just don't understand why someone who has lived a life of excellence, someone who has distinguished herself in role after role, including that of solicitor general, can possibly be described as someone who is sort of mediocre. He's gone to a choice of quality."
At one point political strategist James Carville suggested that Obama should have appointed author John Grisham to the Supreme Court post..
"The next Supreme Court justice should be John Grisham. He's written a lot. He went to Old Miss. And, you know, I think he'd be a dog gone good Supreme Court justice," Carville said. "I read his books. I like the way this guy thinks."
MARITIME workers are set to rally at ports across Australia to protest against industry inaction on safety issues following the death of a NSW wharfie.
Members of the Maritime Union of Australia (MUA) will demonstrate on Tuesday calling for the introduction of a national safety code.
It comes after Greg Fitzgibbon, 56, was crushed by 20 tonnes of aluminium he was lifting while working for Newcastle Stevedores on the Chinese-owned, Bahamas-registered Weaver Arrow on September 23.
A day later, major employers such as Patricks, Qube and DP World blocked a stevedoring code of practice, which the MUA says would have improved safety standards.
"Tragically, we saw the reality of the danger of working on Australian wharves just last month," MUA assistant national secretary Warren Smith said.
"Despite the tragic death of Greg Fitzgibbon, Qube, Patricks and DP World seem to think it's acceptable to drag their heels on workplace safety."
Mr Smith said working on the Australian waterfront was dangerous, but "these companies simply refuse to behave reasonably".
He said the union would continue to campaign until Australian wharfies received "the highest possible standard of safety".
As part of the co-ordinated national protest, MUA members from Newcastle, Port Kembla and Sydney will march through Sydney CBD to Shipping Australia from 11.30am (AEDT).
Mr Fitzgibbon's death was the second at Newcastle's docks in ten days.
A 55-year-old man suffered a cardiac arrest and died on board the Sage Sagittarius cargo ship, docked at Newcastle Port, on September 14.
Originally published as Wharfies to rally for safer ports
Donald Trump addressed the lewd comments he made to Billy Bush about Nancy O'Dell and Arianne Zucker on The O'Reilly Factor Tuesday evening.
In his first one-one-one television appearance since Sunday's second presidential debate and the release of the leaked footage on Friday, Bill O'Reilly asked the businessman-turned-GOP candidate how he plans to “win back women who were offended by the recent exposition from Access Hollywood.”
Get push notifications with news, features and more.
“Well, first of all locker room talk and most people have heard it before,” Trump, 70, told the Fox News host. “I've had a lot of women come up to me and say, ‘Boy, I've heard that and I've heard a lot worse than that over my life.' “
“If that's why I'm going to lose an election to get rid of Isis and to create strong borders and rebuild our military and do all the things we're going to do, including Supreme Court judges and saving the Second Amendment because it's under siege with Hillary Clinton — or as I call her crooked Hillary, which is what she is — if that's what it's going to take to lose an election, that would be pretty sad,” Trump told O'Reilly. “Then I have to go back to my other life. But I tell you what, I think we're going to win the election, Bill.”
On Friday, The Washington Post published a video from 2005 that caught audio of Trump and Bush through a hot microphone making sexual comments about O'Dell and Zucker on an Access Hollywood bus. Hours after the leak, Trump apologized for his comments in a video message: “I never said I'm a perfect person nor pretended to be someone that I'm not. I've said and done things I regret and the words released today on the more than decade-old video are one of them.”
Bush, 44, also apologized Friday with a public statement — “Obviously I'm embarrassed and ashamed. It's no excuse, but this happened eleven years ago – I was younger, less mature, and acted foolishly in playing along. I'm very sorry” — but has since been suspended from his post on the Today show indefinitely.
On Tuesday, an impending announcement surrounding Bush's fate at NBC was confirmed by Entertainment Weekly after various outlets reported that Bush was in the midst of negotiating his exit from the morning show, where he began work earlier this year.
A widow has no recollection of the nine hours before she found her naked husband lying with a head wound on the stairs of the family home.
A widow has no recollection of the nine hours before she found her naked husband lying with a head wound on the stairs of the family home.
Widow has 'no recollection' of nine hours before she discovered naked husband injured on stairs - inquest hears
Phyllis Goonan was giving evidence in the inquest of her late husband James Goonan (51) who died at home on Hawthorn Drive, Crinkle, Birr, Co Offaly, in March 2002.
Mrs Goonan was speaking on the second day of the inquest which Offaly Coroner Brian Mahon believes is "one of the longest-running inquests in the State".
State Pathologist Dr Marie Cassidy gave evidence on the opening day of the inquest.
She carried out a post mortem following the death and concluded that Mr Goonan had died from a haemorrhage and shock as a result of a laceration to the head.
Dr Cassidy also cited evidence of a previous heart attack and acute alcohol intoxication as contributory factors.
Inspector John Lawless read out Phyllis Goonan's deposition at the inquest on Tuesday.
In it, she stated that herself and James had gone for a drink and meal in Dooly's Hotel in Birr on March 10.
After the meal, Mr Goonan bought a bottle of whiskey and some cans and they went home at around 3pm. They were later joined by Mr Goonan's mother Sheila and they all played cards until Sheila left at around 5 or 6pm.
At around 3am she went to go to bed and found her husband lying on the stairs.
Mrs Goonan says she then covered him with a duvet and lay down beside him to sleep.
At around 6.30am, she recalled, "I put my hand on Jim's mouth and noticed he wasn't breathing."
Mr Mahon asked Mrs Goonan what happened after her mother-in-law left.
"I presume I was asleep until around 3 o'clock when I went to go to bed and found his body," she remarked.
"I thought he was just drunk, I didn't know".
When asked if she appreciated the seriousness of Mr Goonan's condition at the time, she replied, "no, because I was very drunk too".
Counsel for Mr Goonan's brother Cyril, Johnnie McCoy B.L., told Mrs Goonan that Dr Cassidy had suggested her husband might have survived had he received timely medical treatment.
Mrs Goonan has denied telling Sgt John Gibbons, who visited the house that morning, that her husband had fallen against a fireplace.
She also struggled to recall being interviewed by two uniformed Garda members on the morning of March 11.
Mrs Goonan recalled her brother taking her to hospital in Tullamore later that day to have a cast on her leg tended to.
She said she was later transferred to hospital in Portlaoise.
Earlier on Tuesday, forensic scientist Dr Jennifer Ryan recalled viewing a number of photos of bloodstains taken upstairs at the house by Cyril Goonan.
Using information from the State Pathologist's report and the photographs she interpreted the scene.
Dr Ryan said a likely possible scenario was that Mr Goonan fell and hit his head on a bedside locker before slipping down beside the locker. She believes he may have made contact with the bed clothes and pillow, before deciding to move downstairs, where he later collapsed on the stairs.
Retired Sgt John Gibbons gave evidence of attending at Hawthorn Drive on March 11.
He saw James Goonan undressed and face down on the stairs with the lower part of his body covered by a duvet.
Although Phyllis appeared to be "affected by alcohol", Sgt Gibbons said "she stated that he (James) must have hit his head off the fireplace".
She had blood on her clothes, glasses and under her finger nails, he added.
Mrs Goonan is due to resume giving evidence at the inquest today.
Irish Independent
Buy Photo Attorney General Marty Jackley (Photo: Emily Spartz Weerheim / Argus Leader)Buy Photo
Amid a national debate on whether or not juvenile offenders belong on the sex offender registry, officials in South Dakota say it's time to review the state's practices.
A Pew Charitable Trusts report says South Dakota is among 15 states who post juvenile offenders' names, addresses and photos online.
State Rep. Peggy Gibson, a Democrat from Huron, said teens should not be subjected to the shame that comes with being labeled a sex offender at such a young age.
“To stigmatize them for the rest of their lives is cruel and unusual punishment,” Gibson said.
The Pew study says Oregon and Delaware lawmakers have given judges more power to review who goes on the registry. In Pennsylvania, the lifetime registration for juveniles has ended.
Gibson says state officials need to review some of these practices and determine what could be done to keep teenagers off the registry.
An attempt at change
About six years ago, state lawmakers attempted to overhaul the sex offender registry by implementing a tier system.
Under the reformed system, those convicted of rape or other severe crimes would be placed on the Tier III of the registry for life.
Those convicted of crimes on Tier II, such as possession or sale of child pornography, would have to be on the list for at least 25 years before they could petition for removal.
People convicted of less severe crimes, such as indecent exposure or statutory rape, could end up on Tier I for at least 10 years.
“We evaluated the juveniles on the sex offender registry and we left on the most serious juvenile offenders,” Attorney General Marty Jackley said.
Many of the teens taken off the registry following the review were facing misdemeanor charges like indecent exposure, Jackley said.
But some say even the 10-year stint can cause problems.
Kristi McLaughlin, executive director of the South Dakota Peace and Justice Center, said teens are applying for colleges and looking to start their careers during that period. She said the stigma sets them back years.
“I think the damage has been done,” McLaughlin said. “He or she is going to struggle to find a job that will accept them and finding a community that will accept them.”
A case by case approach
Minnehaha County State's Attorney Aaron McGowan said some type of judicial discretion should be in place for juveniles charged with sex offenses.
McGowan said factors such as the age of the juvenile at the time of the offense, the age of the victim and the likelihood of rehabilitation need to be considered.
“I believe these should be reviewed on a case by case basis,” McGowan said.
State Rep. Kris Langer said she sees both sides of the argument for placing juvenile offenders on the registry.
Even so, Langer said placing a teenager involved in a consensual “Romeo and Juliet” case on the registry side-by-side with someone who might have committed a more heinous sex assault is harsh.
Langer, who also serves on the state judiciary committee, said a judge ideally would consider the facts and circumstances of each case individually when deciding who goes on the registry. But she acknowledged that would be tough to pull off.
“That's something we can take a look at and see if change needs to be made,” said Langer, a Republican from Dell Rapids.
Taking juveniles off sex offender registry unlikely
It's hard for Jackley to see South Dakota move toward not placing juveniles on the sex offender registry. He said parents across the state want to know if a person convicted of a sex crime, even if that person is a juvenile, is living in their neighborhood.
In 2010, Jackley said he heard testimony from parents who spoke of cases involving consensual sex among teenagers and the effect it has on their lives.
Jackley said the tier system works fine, but he is open to future discussion about whether the current policies are fair to both juveniles and the public.
“We need to be fair to juveniles while equally balancing protecting the public and children,” Jackley said.
State Sen. Craig Tieszen said he's sympathetic to many of the arguments for not putting juveniles on the sex offender registry.
Tieszen, a Republican from Rapid City, said he would be willing to shorten the length of time a juvenile convicted of statutory rape must wait before applying to be removed from the registry.
Or, at the very least, he is willing to work toward creating a process that is a little fairer to juvenile offenders.
“I remain hopeful that people can come to a thoughtful decision on these things, rather than have the 'lock them up and throw away the key' mentality,” Tieszen said.
Read or Share this story: http://argusne.ws/1OvASgA
In 1992, a colorful billionaire with no political experience ran for president of the United States. Ross Perot played by his own rules, largely funded his own campaign, and, at one point, was leading the race ahead of both President George H.W. Bush and then-Gov. Bill Clinton. But his lack of message discipline and other actions discouraged his campaign staff and cost him support. When all the votes were counted, the businessman finished in third place with 19 percent of the vote.
In recent weeks, Donald Trump's campaign has stumbled badly. Could the 2016 outsider end up like Ross Perot? The odds are against it, but the odds are also against Trump moving into the White House.
To be clear, there are significant differences between the Perot effort and Trump's campaign. Most importantly, Trump has the Republican nomination while Perot ran as an independent. Also, while Trump has had many self-destructive moments in the campaign, Perot got so fed up that he actually quit for a couple of months in the middle of the campaign.
Still, recent events have raised questions about how far the GOP nominee could slide. His lack of message discipline has put him far behind Hillary Clinton and turned off potential allies. Over the past few days, several Republican Congressmen and GOP Senator Susan Collins have said publicly that they will not vote for him. Collins said she has "become increasingly dismayed by his constant stream of cruel comments and his inability to admit error or apologize."
Additionally, 50 senior Republican national security officials declared their opposition saying Trump "would put at risk our nation's national security."
Another important development is that Libertarian Candidate Gary Johnson may win enough support to be included in the presidential debates. If he gets on the debate stage, he will be there with the two most unpopular presidential candidates in American history.
Both Trump and Clinton are viewed unfavorably by a majority of Americans. In that context, the unknown Johnson might make a relatively good impression.
With this in mind, I asked a couple dozen political analysts and campaign veterans whether Trump could finish in third place. A few said it was absolutely possible while a couple said there was no chance at all. Most put it in the unlikely but not impossible category. And, as several noted, the unlikely cannot be dismissed in 2016. The consensus seemed to be that if Johnson shines in the debates and Trump continues to self-destruct, it could happen.
That's a pretty long shot, especially since it's not clear that Johnson will be allowed to debate. But if he gets the chance, it could put Trump in a precarious position. The two men would compete directly for the support of those who want anybody but Clinton. Johnson would also hope to peel away more support from Republican officials who are unhappy with their party's nominee.
Put it all together and the next couple of weeks are very important for the Republican nominee. If he gets his campaign back on track, Trump could still be in position for a competitive campaign with Hillary Clinton. If the campaign stumbles further, however, he could become the first major party candidate to finish in third place since William Howard Taft in 1912.
Scott Rasmussen is founder and president of the Rasmussen Media Group. He is the author of “Mad as Hell: How the Tea Party Movement Is Fundamentally Remaking Our Two-Party System,” “In Search of Self-Governance,” and “The People's Money: How Voters Will Balance the Budget and Eliminate the Federal Debt.” Read more reports from Scott Rasmussen — Click Here Now.
Voting is important—to politicians, because it gives them a sense of validation. Good-government types like the whole balloting ritual, too, because they get warm fuzzies from seeing others invest time and energy into the institution that defines so much of their sense of self-worth. That's why you'll be endlessly nagged—and even receive implied threats—to punch your card, fill in the oval, or tap the screen for the candidate who disgusts you least. But in terms of influencing government officials, grimly performing what others insist is a duty every couple of years and then (with good reason) bitching about the outcome isn't the last word in civic participation.
It's not that you shouldn't vote. Even 19th-century anarchist Lysander Spooner thought casting a ballot was perfectly justifiable as an act of self-defense against the results of the election process. But for all of the mind-blowingly embarrassing nagging voters are subject to, and even the creepy threats by political parties and activists groups to out non-voters to their neighbors, most of the candidates hoping you'll exercise the franchise on their behalf also hope you'll leave your activism at that (well, they'd like the occasional check, too). That's because if you got really involved beyond the electoral popularity contest it could be...inconvenient.
Here are three ideas for making life inconvenient for government officials not just on election day—but every day.
We're Watching You
Who you vote for is your secret," a Democratic Party mailer warns New York voters. "But whether or not you vote is public record."
So politicians are going to shame the public over conduct? Really? But there's the seed of a good idea in there. They want to watch us? We should be keeping a closer eye on them. Like, nowhere-to-hide close.
If shaming is the goal, officeholders of all stripes would seem to be a hell of a lot more vulnerable than the average citizen. Lawmakers, law enforcers, and bureaucrats live next door to us, and say and do stupid things at least as often as the average Jane or Joe. After the kerfuffle made over Mitt Romney's 47 percent comments, you'd think that politicians would be more careful about what they mutter to...anybody. And maybe some of them are. But if their public statements are anything to go by, an awful lot of gems are slipping by in unguarded moments.
That's such a waste.
The same could be said of law enforcers and other agents of the state. Video and audio recordings of stupid (and often brutal) cop tricks have done more to awaken Americans to the reality of the arm-twisters employed by the government than any number of viewings of Serpico (or op-eds by Serpico) ever could. They just keep coming.
So keep them coming—the recordings, that is, unless the stupid cop tricks stop.
Sure, you don't rub shoulders with John McCain or Elizabeth Warren (my condolences, if you do), but maybe a city councilman or county supervisor frequents your favorite diner and shows potential to devolve into one of them in the future. And you have a smartphone. Capture that magic moment!
Or, maybe you just let them know that you're waiting for a magic moment, and let anxiety do its work for you.
If politicians are so eager to let people know "whether or not you vote," return the favor. If the legislator down the street votes for something especially bossy, expensive, or intrusive, dox the SOB. Sharing awkward information about people isn't just for feuding video gamers anymore.
"Public record," indeed.
We're Evading You
Last year, tech guru and start-up veteran Balaji Srinivasan called on innovators to give "people the tools to reduce the influence of bad policies over their lives without getting involved in politics; the tools to peacefully opt out."
That's already happening, and we need more of it.
Writing yesterday in the Financial Times, Robert Hannigan, the new chief of the GCHQ (that's the NSA for across-the-pond tea drinkers) complained bitterly about the surveillance-evading powers of increasingly available modern technology:
Another poacher's goal from Javier Hernandez, and another late victory for Manchester United.
Sir Alex Ferguson made many changes to his side, bringing in Darron Gibson and Johnny Evans for rare starts. Wayne Rooney played off Javier Hernandez.
David Moyes was without Johnny Heitinga, so brought Jack Rodwell into the central midfield zone alongside Phil Neville, with Tony Hibbert at right-back. Tim Cahill was on the bench.
The game went through three distinct stages: (a) in the first half, United were all over Everton and should have scored a few goals (b) for the first twenty minutes of the second, the game was much more even and (c) Ferguson's substitutions helped United stamp their authority on the match once again in the final stages.
United dominance
In the first half, the ball spent barely any time in Manchester United's half of the pitch. The tactical battle was almost entirely about United's front four against Everton's defence and two holding midfielders – and though United frequently found space and created promising situations, their final ball into the box was often wasteful.
Everton have generally got things right away from home against the top sides this season – when Gareth Bale mania was in full force, Moyes produced a clever plan to nullify Tottenham at White Hart Lane, he set up very well at the Emirates to deny Arsenal the dominance they're used to at home – before Everton faded late on, his tactics away at Manchester City produced a great defensive display and a 2-1 win, and he also beat Chelsea in the FA Cup at Stamford Bridge.
Here, however, they had problems in the first half, and Their main problems stemmed from the pace of Hernandez. Everton are usually good at keeping it tight between the lines, but the Mexican's sheer pace forced Phil Jagielka and Sylvain Distin deeper. (They would also have been well aware that they were opened up by United earlier in the season at Goodison Park by Dimitar Berbatov running onto a through ball and finishing well, so they quickly dropped deep.)
Of course, this opened up space for Rooney, who played ‘in the hole', in the role he's mastered in recent weeks, particularly in the games against Chelsea. Phil Neville was Everton's deepest midfielder, to the right, and Jack Rodwell moved higher up the pitch towards the left, so Rooney found space by moving into the inside-right channel, between the lines. Rodwell was slow to close Rooney down.
In fact, most of Everton's problems occurred in that zone of the pitch. Leighton Baines is one of Everton's best attacking threats, but as we've noted throughout the season, Everton are also vulnerable down that side of the pitch defensively. As Baines tried to move forward into the attack, both Rooney and Hernandez moved in behind, and United were keen to hit balls into that space – see the opportunity for Nani that came after Antonio Valencia outmuscled Baines.
Nani was disappointing – Tony Hibbert looked vulnerable early on but eventually got into the game and defended well. Nani can play on either side, but he remains much better on the right – when used on the left, he's too keen to come inside and use his right foot, making him much more predictable. His delivery here was poor.
by Guardian Chalkboards
Second half
Moyes got little from Jermaine Beckford or Diniyar Bilyaletdinov, so brought on Victor Anichebe with Tim Cahill just off him. Anichebe moved to the left and helped pin back Fabio, whilst Leon Osman on that side also did a good defensive job. With John O'Shea hardly a great attacking outlet on the other side, United were much less dangerous with less drive from full-back.
Rodwell also picked up his game and was much more aware of Rooney's movement in behind him. He couldn't afford to drop goalside of Rooney and completely concede the midfield battle to United, so instead worked on preventing balls from the midfielders and full-backs being played into Rooney. United suddenly looked a little nervous, and Everton held the ball better.
United rally late on
A couple of factors combined to get United back in the game. Fitness was key – on a very hot day, United had 61% of possession, and Everton had to work very hard without the ball. Equally important, though, was United's ability to change the game from the bench.
Michael Owen and Ryan Giggs came on for Nani and Gibson in the most eye-catching moves, but equally important was Patrice Evra's introduction for O'Shea. With first Nani and then Rooney playing on the left and always looking to bring the ball inside, Evra stretched the play, made United more dynamic when spreading play to the flanks (Anderson should be praised for consistently good, positive diagonal balls) and from 70 minutes onwards they were all over Everton again.
by Guardian Chalkboards
Despite all the changes, it was Valencia down the right, the main battleground early on in the game, that produced the goal. He put pressure on Distin to win the ball, dragged the Frenchman out to the flank, and then his deflected cross found Hernandez at the far post for what we can start to call a ‘classic' Hernandez goal.
Conclusion
A few changes established United's position in the ascendency, but equally their persistence and commitment to their usual tactics – get the ball out wide, and get men into the box – proved crucial at the end of the game. The good movement from Hernandez, Owen and Rooney inside the penalty area was particularly notable.
Moyes' switches midway through the game allowed Everton to compete – but making two changes so early meant he couldn't react to United's three attack-minded substitutions in the second half.
Related articles on Zonal Marking:
We are not compensating people per hour or anything like that, our marketing expenses are going to be very specific. Press releases, content marketing, video creation, guest blogging, different things like that. Each initiative has a specific cost with a vendor, the vendors are well established services that perform this type of work in the US mainly. We are not really looking for an auditor about the initiatives, it has taken a lot of work from many people to put these together, like Tungfa, Fernando, Evan, kot, raico and alexy from China, myself, many have contributed in the process of sourcing and putting the pieces together.
We will just look for a couple of trusted community members who can act as accounting auditors, verify the values of the invoices and that things are paid appropriately when we do. Is a hard situation because you can't reveal the specific details about the campaigns before things are released, specially in public forums your competition will read too.
Volunteering on this is no privilege, is actually very hard work. I am currently working around 6 hours a day for Dash from my own office, I have constant meetings with potential vendors, partners or influencers, I am meeting with people from China as we speak. We often pay for things ourselves as there has not been any funds to work with. Evan, Fernando, Udjin, Flare, Tungfa can all give faith of the work we are doing. Volunteering for Dash happens every day, so when there are announcements and you start saying things like "pork barrel politics" it is a little offensive to those working hard on this for a long time.
The governance system already has a way to determine whether a proposal has support or not which is the voting system so hopefully there will be enough support for the project.
Click to expand...
The Libertadores Cup-winners' sights are set on broader horizons: the Club World Cup in Japan
Moments before the superclasico in Buenos Aires in September, River Plate supporters at El Monumental unveiled a vast mosaic of the flag of Japan. The flag and the club's matching
colours of red and white were a convenient coincidence.
The River-Boca Juniors fixture has long failed to live up to its international billing in terms of quality, but the atmosphere still attracts attention from around the world. And yet despite the fireworks, the mosaic and the chants, the game lacked the tension that characterises these matches. River's priority was elsewhere.
Boca Juniors won the league game 1-0 and climbed to the top of the table, prompting their striker Carlos Tevez to say afterwards: “Things are back to normal.”
River president Rodolfo D'Onofrio was quick to respond: “Things are not normal because we can't get the 20,000 tickets we need for Japan.”
River are focusing on the Club World Cup in December and there is a euphoria at the club that not even losing the superclasico can dampen.
The club known as “the Millionaires” – due to the outlay on players in the 1930s, not the wealthy neighbourhood where the club is based – recently ended a 17-year debt to its supporters.
In August, River Plate lifted the Libertadores Cup for the third time in the club's history, defeating Mexican side Tigres. They had also won the Sudamericana Cup and the South America Super Cup months earlier, meaning the club currently boasts an impressive full house of continental titles.
“We won more than we expected,” sports director Enzo Francescoli admitted to La Nacion. “The idea was to win one title per year.”
The Uruguayan, who was so admired as a player that Zinedine Zidane named his son after him, arrived as sports director in 2013 after club presidential elections. The new administration won the 2014 league title and the Argentina Super Cup under coach Ramon Diaz. But after Diaz suddenly quit, Francescoli opted for one-time attacking midfielder Marcelo Gallardo as his replacement after sounding out Gerardo Martino.
“River has very successful cases of former players returning as coach to the club,” says vice-president Matias Patanian. “It is a tradition at our club.”
Now in his late 30s, Gallardo was a stylish playmaker who grew up at River and formed part of the generation of youth-team players – along with Hernan Crespo, Ariel Ortega and Matias Almeyda – that enjoyed great success in the 1990s. After retiring, he had a short spell as a coach in Uruguay with Nacional, staying there long enough to win the league title. But in the 13 months since returning to River as coach, he has transformed the club, guiding the team to three major international trophies.
“There is nothing more beautiful than getting used to winning,” Gallardo said in Japan after his team won yet another piece of silverware – the less-valued but fourth official international title of the year, the somewhat obscure Suruga Cup.
Gallardo may have inherited a side that were league champions, but he still managed to improve their performance levels – while modernising the back-room set-up to include a neuroscience specialist – and promptly went about breaking club records, emulating the club's legendary side of the 1940s, “The Machine”.
Bringing to an end nearly two decades without a continental title, Gallardo praised his squad's ability to “interpret how they had to play”. This interpretation pointed to a certain pragmatism.
Though Gallardo began fielding a classic number 10 behind two strikers, when it came to the cup competitions his team was more physical and robust than in previous months. In the Libertadores Cup, River had more shots than any other team in the competition, but also committed more fouls than any other.
The Libertadores and Sudamericana Cup victories took on an even greater level of enjoyment as the club beat Boca Juniors on the way to both Finals. But the wider context for this unprecedented success is how steep River's climb has been in the last four years.
In the club museum and in the hall at El Monumental are cabinets crammed with silverware won during the club's distinguished history. But one of those trophies is a reminder of River Plate's lowest point: the trophy for 2012 second division champions.
The scenes from the riots on the day that River Plate were relegated in 2011 were broadcast around the world. The club had imploded under Daniel Passarella, the 1978 World Cup-winning captain who, as president, had failed to replicate the success he had enjoyed with the team
as a player and a coach.
For one season, River suffered the indignity of travelling to corners of Argentina usually accustomed only to lower-league football. The barrage of insults from opposing fans centred
around a weak pun on the name of the second division, the B Nacional, calling them “RiBer”.
“It wasn't pressure,” striker Alejandro Dominguez said a few months after winning promotion, “but rather a responsibility to carry so many years of history, and do what we had promised, which was to take River back to the first division.”
Dominguez had returned with Fernando Cavenaghi, both offering to play for what the club could afford to pay them, in order to help the team win promotion. Midway through the season, life-long supporter and former France international David Trezeguet did the same.
Although the three failed to combine in attack quite as effectively as had been hoped, their goals were enough to take River back up to the first division.
A brace from Trezeguet on the final day of the season in 2012 secured promotion; just two years later, River won the first division title. After a bout of retrospective title awarding by AFA that benefited several clubs, it added up to be River's 36th league title – a national record.
The bust-boom cycle does, however, have a precedent at the club.
In 1983, Argentina was in transition with the military dictatorship exiting power. At River Plate, the idol and one of Argentinian football's all-time top goalscorers Angel Labruna passed away. Matchday attendances were down to four figures, the club was unable to pay wages and the first-team players went on strike.
For seven league games River fielded a youth-team XI, winning just two matches and the Millionaires finished 19th. But 1983 was also the year that relegation averages were installed, following San Lorenzo's demotion in 1981.
Avoiding relegation through the new league structure, River promptly underwent a revolution. With a new board, a new set of players and with playmaker Beto Alonso repatriated, just three years later, in 1986, River won the league championship, the Libertadores Cup and the World Club Cup. Three members of that team – Oscar Ruggeri, Nery Pumpido and Hector Enrique – added the World Cup titles with the national team in Mexico that year.
“1986 is a trademark,” wrote Alonso years later, “that is etched on all our memories.” One publication dedicated to the club is called, simply, 1986.
Upon winning the club elections in 2013, the current board tapped into the club's lineage and tradition. Amadeo Carrizo, the legendary goalkeeper now in his 80s, was named honorary president, a role given to his former team-mate Alfredo Di Stefano at Real Madrid. Alonso, the emblematic playmaker from the all-conquering 1986 team, was handed an advisory role to the president. Ariel Ortega, who like Alonso had been distanced from the club, was named reserve-team coach. Perhaps most crucially, Francescoli, who was captain of the 1996 Libertadores Cup-winning side was named sporting director.
“Doing this was very important,” says vice-president Patanian. “We had to bring the riverplatense family, which had not been united for several years, back together. But also we wanted to bring an identity and sense of belonging back to the club.”
As a member of the successful 1990s team, and as a player who worked his way up through the club's youth system, Gallardo is well schooled in the River Plate way. He recently quashed speculation of a possible move by signing a deal to keep him at River until 2017, but he has also admitted that he must “reinvent” the team.
River recently sold defender Ramiro Funes Mori to Everton, and midfielder Matias Kranevitter will join Atletico Madrid in January. Theses sales brought in £15.2million, and though River receives only a percentage of those fees, it is much-needed cash that helps service the club's debt.
At roughly £25.7m, the debt is a fraction of those facing many European clubs – but then so too is River's income compared to those in Europe. Along with Boca Juniors, River receive less than £3m a year from television rights. As well as club finances, there are other problems, not least the persistent plague of the barra brava. Last November, over 100 of these supporters fought with knives at the club restaurant on a weekday afternoon in front of hundreds of club members.
Yet the complications that face the club are minimised, for now, by recent success. The club museum announced a record number of visits in July and museum director, Rodrigo Daskal, says he was misquoted as saying that there was not enough room for all the new trophies, but adds the board has raised the profile of the museum. “This is a historic time for us,” says Daskal, “but winning so much in one year is not normal. Very few Argentinian clubs have ever done so.”
One of the clubs to have enjoyed such sustained success are River Plate's fierce rivals Boca, who won four Libertadores Cups, plus two Intercontinental trophies, in the 2000s. While River have more league titles than any other, they admit their international record needs improving.
The past 18 months have transformed that international record. The success also, in part, banished the memory of the second division. Just three-and-a-half years after returning to the top flight, the club is now preparing for what it hopes will be a Club World Cup Final against Barcelona in Japan.
The stadium
Steeped in history, the Estadio Antonio Vespucio Liberti, known popularly as El Monumental,
was built nine years before the Bernabeu, 19 before the Camp Nou
and hosted the 1978 World Cup Final.
One of the seven top-flight clubs in Buenos Aires, River Plate's stadium is a short drive from superclasico rivals Boca Juniors' equally iconic La Bombonera.
Built as a sports arena rather than just a football stadium – hence the running track around the pitch – there is constant talk of El Monumental getting a facelift, even if expansion seems a long way off.
The clock above the stand named after striker Omar Sivori, installed for the 1978 World Cup, has recently been upgraded and the old sign above the main entrance – below which thousands of supporters, tourists and new signings have had their photo taken – has finally been replaced with a new one.
Minor cosmetic changes maybe, but perhaps a sign that River are looking to revamp their home's image.
The Power Curve
Rodolfo D'Onofrio
Club president
Elected in 2013, four years
after losing to Daniel Passerella. With a strong CV in business, he promotes a “comprehensive project” that includes success on the pitch, while building up the club's social role.
Enzo Francescoli
Sports director
Not all clubs in Argentina have someone in this position, but the Uruguayan has proved how valuable it can be.
Marcelo Gallardo
Coach
Ambitious and innovative,
he has demonstrated strong leadership and tactical knowledge, as well as smart work in the transfer market.
Matias Patanian
Vice-president
An experienced director who has built a team looking to modernise and bring a more professional administration to the club.
Beto Alonso
Former player
He was vital in harnessing support from the slightly older generations for D'Onofrio in the elections. One of the club's most distinguished players.
By Joel Richards
https://www.johnnyfd.com/2015/10/thailands-6-month-multiple-entry.html
How I Got the Letter:
I wish I could say I have some type of hookup in the Thai government but nope, I just emailed the Thai consulate here in South Africa where I'm currently traveling and asked them about applying for a double or triple entry tourist visa and they sent me this.
I first heard about the new 6 month multiple entry visa months ago but didn't want to speculate or get my hopes up. But here's the official announcement by The Royal Thai Embassy on behalf of the Thai Government themselves.
Summary of the new 6 Month Visa:
Multiple Entry
6 Month Validity
Death of the Double and Triple Entry Visas:
Unfortunately, this is something no one knew about until just now, but with the introduction of the new 6 month multiple entry tourist visa we lose the option to obtain a double or triple entry tourist visa. We'll still be able to get single entry visas which are good for 60 days + a 30 day extension, but it rules out going to places like Laos to get a double entry.
My suggestion is to either get a new ME Visa before you come to Thailand, or just plan a trip home anytime after November 13th. Just in time for Thanksgiving and Christmas.
By the way, if you're making location independent income and want to exclude your first $100,800 in earnings, check out the foreign earned income exemption . Having the new 6 month multiple entry visa makes it easy for us digital nomads to travel perpetually while allowing us to use places like Chiang Mai, Thailand as our home base whenever we want to take a break from island hopping and hang out at a coworking space.
How to Obtain a New 6 Month Visa:
Update:
Success Update:
I got it! Here are ALL of the details on how I got it and what you need to get yours.
Other Posts You Might Enjoy:
I was tempted to post something about the new 6 month multiple entry tourist visa for Thailand sooner as I'm super excited about it, but up until now it's all been hearsay and didn't want to spread rumors if they were untrue.But good news, I've gotten a hold of one of the first official documents explaining the new METV (Multiple Entry Tourist Visa) and it's not only official, but it's even better than we thought it was going to be. (for some people) This is the new solution for a lot of us and could be the new Digital Nomad Visa for Thailand. Keep reading to see the official announcement below.This means you can go to Bali for a weekend, Cambodia to see Angkor Wat, then go to Saigon to visit friends whenever you want and not have to worry about wasting of one of your entries on your visa.This gives travelers and digital nomads freedom to go where we want, whenever we want and not be stuck to a timeline based on our visa expiration dates.This actually means up to 9 months if you time it right. Get the new visa 2 weeks before you leave for Thailand, then come and go as you please make sure you fly back into Thailand a day or two before your 6 months run out. That way, you get a full 60 days from that day, plus the option to extend it for another 30 days without leaving the country, giving you up to 9 Months in Total!: If your 6 month visa is valid from January 1st to June 1st you can come and go as much as you like during that time for up to 60-90 days at a time, then just make sure you re-enter Thailand before May 31st, and you'll get 60 days from that day + an option to extend it for another 30 days, giving you close to 9 months in total.The only downside to getting the new 6 month visa is that you have to do it from your home country, or a county where you can prove residence in.That means for most of us already traveling in Thailand or SE Asia, we'll have to fly back home to get the new visa. The good news is, if you use my 9 month plan I mentioned above, you'll only have to do it once a year or so, and can use it as an excuse to go to weddings, or see your family that I'm sure misses you.The cost of the new visa is around $140 USD and in my opinion is a fantastic deal for a 6 month multiple entry visa as it gives us both freedom of time and schedule. In my first book 12 Weeks in Thailand I wrote about how to live the good life on the cheap, make border runs and get by on $600 a month, but those days are over.They were fun as hell and if you're in your 20's I encourage you to spend a few years working as a divemaster and training muay thai like I did, but if you're 30+ like I am, instead of counting our baht and trying to live as cheaply as possible, let's put in some hard work and all become Thai Millionaires to really live freely and enjoy all of Thailand and the rest of the world.The Thai Embassy in Washington DC officially announced the new METV (Multiple Entry Thai Visa) requirements here Warm Regards,Johnny FD
Los Angeles' La Brea tar pits have coughed up massive animals, from saber-toothed tigers to mammoths. But this discovery is much smaller—tiny bee pupae, still wrapped up in the leaves they use as a nest.
The samples were actually excavated all the way back in 1970. But at the time there wasn't a way to analyze the sample without destroying them, so they were set aside. But now, the tiny pupae can be seen with a micro-CT scanner. Just take a look:
The researchers say that the cells are so well preserved that they were probably assembled in the exact place they were found—rather than moved around by time. Using the micro-CT scanner, the team was able to create a 3-D model of the pupae made of 2,172 scanned slices.
These bees are between 23,000 and 40,000 years old, according to radiocarbon dating. They are probably a species called Megiachile gentiles, a species of bee that's actually still alive today. And, the researchers say, this bee is one of the rare species that's probably benefitting from climate change, having expanded its range since the last ice age all across the United States.
A Google self-driving car can hit the road for testing in Virginia without any special license or registration. The car is equipped with laser range finders, radar and cameras to monitor its surroundings and respond accordingly. (Matt Gentry/AP)
When self-driving cars begin zipping through Northern Virginia this year, they won't need any special registration, and the testers sitting behind the wheel won't need a special license. In the eyes of the law, they'll be regular cars.
Virginia is one of a handful of states seeking to attract the potentially lucrative business of developing self-driving cars. And along with a few other states, its lawmakers and regulators are inclined to welcome the industry — and get out of the way.
California, Florida, Michigan and Nevada and the District of Columbia have enacted laws to legalize automated vehicles, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures. Of those, two have set out detailed regulations.
In states such as Virginia and Texas, however, self-driving cars can hit the roadways thanks to a simple argument: Doing so is legal because the law doesn't say otherwise.
“Automated vehicles are probably legal,” said Bryant Walker Smith, a University of South Carolina law professor whose research helped advance that interpretation. “That is the default assumption.”
That's the view Google took this summer when it put driverless, retrofitted Lexus SUVs on the road in Austin, the first time the tech giant has run tests outside of California. Texas transportation officials say they are not involved with the project.
And on the strength of that argument, auto parts maker Delphi took a prototype on a cross-country trip from San Francisco to New York, passing through 15 states, nearly all of them lacking laws that address autonomous cars.
John Absmeier, director of Delphi's Silicon Valley operation, said Delphi told states that its car would be coming through before the March trip.
“We reached out to all the states we're going to be passing through, just to say, ‘Hey FYI, we're going to be making this journey,' ” Absmeier said, according to tech news site Ars Technica.
Later this year, self-driving vehicle testing will begin along stretches of Interstate 95 and the Beltway. Virginia has designated 70 miles of public roads for testing, offering to repaint roads or provide high-definition maps for tests sanctioned by the Virginia Tech Transportation Institute, but cars can legally be tested statewide, said Myra Blanco, who runs the institute's automation research.
Running tests on public roads in realistic conditions like snarled Northern Virginia traffic is a key step in sanctioning innovations that could be lucrative and lifesaving, researchers say. The market for vehicle automation technology could be worth $87 billion by 2030, according to Lux Research, and could one day eliminate the leading cause of traffic fatalities: human error.
“On real roads is where you get your real gold standard,” Blanco said. “What is happening when people are driving out there?”
Holding off
Virginia regulators are talking to academics and industry officials about whether the state needs rules, DMV spokeswoman Brandy Brubaker said. So far lawmakers haven't seen the need. The General Assembly hasn't discussed the issue — no legislator has even filed a bill — and the chairmen of its transportation committees said in interviews that they think it would be premature to enact a law.
Fearing that the technology's development could be stifled, Google has lobbied state lawmakers nationwide not to advance any bills, even if they seem innocuous.
Enacting a law that explicitly allows testing, for example, could cause problems when automakers are ready to start selling their cars.
In 2013, federal traffic safety regulators echoed that caution, urging states to wait to pass laws addressing self-driving cars until the technology is more established. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said its research “will be released in the coming months,” but it hasn't made any formal decisions.
No state has passed legislation to make autonomous vehicles legal since 2013, and while bills were proposed in 16 states this year, none has passed.
“Once you have specific legal frameworks implemented, then the rules become more onerous,” Smith said. “These [regulatory] regimes may not be necessary and are probably looking at the wrong things regardless. I think that has contributed to this shift to saying we don't necessarily need this legislation.”
In Texas, state Sen. Rodney Ellis (D) pitched legislation that would allow test-drives and give the state a way to regulate them. He described the proposal as a way to lure the industry to Texas by clearing up its laws.
“Texas's laws are silent on autonomous vehicles, which fuels uncertainty,” Ellis said. “Instead of waiting to find answers once these technologies are on our roads, I advocated getting ahead of the curve with an exploratory pilot program.”
Ellis dropped the issue soon after Google and automakers came out against it, the Texas Tribune reported at the time. Within months, Google's test cars were spotted around Austin. (Ellis says he will “continue to refine the language in anticipation of next session.”)
Moving ahead
States that have forged on with laws and regulations have faced steep learning curves and tricky questions such as: How can government ensure safe testing without snuffing out innovation?
Florida, for one, answered with a stripped-down law: It allowed self-driving cars, and held them to higher insurance requirements. State Sen. Jeff Brandes, a Republican who sponsored the measure, said it was meant to lure the industry with simple requirements that could be fleshed out once the early flashes of possibility give way to a more standardized technology.
“Florida is in a rush to test, not to regulate,” Brandes said. “There's not really much to do in that space between the lightning and the thunder but wait.”
California and Nevada are not waiting.
California requires that manufacturers hire test drivers with clean driving records, train them and tell regulators any time they are forced to shut off automation or their cars crash. Nevada requires that self-driving cars be tested extensively on private tracks and have special license plates before getting on the road.
“We want to ensure that as the technology rolls out that the motoring public is safe,” said Bernard Soriano, deputy director of the California DMV. “We certainly don't want to stifle innovation; we want to encourage innovation. But at the same time, we want to ensure that the safety aspect is there.”
Setting up those requirements has been difficult and costly, regulators say, since state agencies don't usually deal with auto manufacturing or advanced technology.
State DMVs have traditionally been in the business of licensing drivers and registering vehicles, letting the federal government regulate the safety of the cars themselves.
“There's been a fairly clear division between what the federal responsibility has been and what the state responsibilities have been. Automation blurs that boundary,” said Steven Shladover, a professor at the University of California at Berkeley, who studies self-driving cars. “It cuts across both of them in an awkward way.”
In Nevada, the first state to pass a law, the DMV had to dedicate nearly half of its small research division for more than a year to get up to speed on the technology, spokesman David Fierro said.
“We're having to learn on the go,” Fierro said. “It's significant investment, but on the other hand, it's the future of transportation.”
The DMV in California, where nine companies have registered 78 self-driving cars, developed its expertise in-house, Soriano said, using a handful of employees with relevant backgrounds to make sense of the systems coming from Silicon Valley.
While the state's rules for testing are considered the nation's most comprehensive, DMV officials still wrestle with how to handle autonomous cars' everyday use, highlighting the challenge self-driving cars present state regulators. Earlier this year, the agency broke a statutory deadline to draw up those rules.
But Soriano and Fierro said their agencies think the effort is worthwhile to ensure that prototypes are tested safely with clear rules.
Virginia state Del. Thomas Davis Rust, a Republican who heads the House Transportation Committee, said he's content to see how other states wrangle with those issues.
His Senate counterpart, state Sen. Stephen D. Newman (R), said the state will need to pass laws eventually — perhaps as early as 2017. For now he'll wait to see what researchers and regulators glean once self-driving cars have had a chance to navigate Northern Virginia's roads.
“We're wanting to be a leader on it, and I think we can be,” Newman said, “especially if we don't step on our feet getting there.”
Stunning and bizarre photos from China have revealed the latest training and promotional techniques of aviation schools as a group of flight attendants performed martial arts on a mountain top.
Dressed in formal blue uniforms and only missing their high heels, the young women followed the instructions of a Taoist kung fu master as they sought to toughen their resolve.
The 'bravery training' was organised more than 6,560 feet above sea level, on the peaks of China's famous Laojun Mountain, located in the city of Luoyang, in central Henan Province.
Three young women followed the instructions of a Taoist kung fu master as they sought to toughen up
'Bravery training' was organised more than 6,560ft above sea level, on the peaks of China's Laojun Mountain
The cabin crew members were guided by a Taoist priest, dressed in black, who demonstrated poses and techniques of martial arts.
The three models and flight attendants tiptoed their way across the mountaintop for the stunning photoshoot.
And the barefooted hostesses seemed to enjoy the feat on the mountaintop, which was part of a promotion for the aviation school and for the local landscape.
The pictures are actually being used to promote the local scenery, surrounded by soaring clouds and greenery
The barefooted hostesses seemed to enjoy the feat on the mountaintop, which was part of a promotion for their company and for the local landscape
The pictures are actually being used to promote the local scenery, surrounded by soaring clouds and greenery, and will also encourage would-be stewardesses during the pursuit of their dream job in the air.
The famous Laojun Mountain range forms part of a region that known as the Three Parallel Rivers – a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 2003.
It is a biodiversity hotspot and one of the few remaining places where the endangered Yunnan snub-nosed monkey (Rhinopithecus bieti) can still be found.
The Supreme Court has announced it will allow a full six hours for oral arguments over constitutional challenges to President Obama's health care law, granting the case the longest hearing in recent history.
The justices said Tuesday morning they would lengthen the hearing by an additional 30 minutes, after both the administration and parties challenging the law had asked the court to spend not 60 but 90 minutes on a tax law known as the Anti-Injunction Act.
SEE RELATED:
The question is whether the act stands in the way of judicial action on the challenge until after the health care law fully goes into effect.
With the extra 30 minutes, the court is slated to spend 90 minutes on the Anti-Injunction Act, 120 minutes on the law's individual mandate that all Americans purchase health insurance, 90 minutes on whether just parts of the act can be invalidated while allowing other parts to stand, and an hour on the Medicaid expansion contained in the new law over a three-day period in March.
If the justices decide the Anti-Injunction Act applies, they could put off a decision on whether the health care law is constitutional for several years.
J. Bradford DeLong (2005): "Sisyphus as Social Democrat: A Review of Richard Parker's 'John Kenneth Galbraith'", Foreign Affairs (May/June):
If there were justice in the world, John Kenneth Galbraith would rank as the twentieth century's most influential American economist. He has published several books that are among the best analyses of modern U.S. history, played a key role in midcentury policymaking, and advised more presidents and senators than would seem possible in three lifetimes. Yet today, Galbraith's influence on economics is small, and his influence on U.S. politics is receding by the year.
In this lively and thoughtful biography, Richard Parker sets himself the task of explaining Galbraith's career: why it was so dazzling, and why its long-term impact has turned out to be so much less than expected. The result is not only the story of a smart, witty, and important man, but also a fascinating meditation on the rise and fall of twentieth-century American liberalism.
A MAN FOR ALL SEASONS
That Galbraith's career has been dazzling nobody can dispute. Professors of post-World War II American history can still do no better than to assign his books The Affluent Society and The New Industrial State to teach students how the midcentury U.S. economy came to dominate the world (and what should have been done to make it work better). Anyone wanting to learn about the beginning of the Great Depression should start with The Great Crash; there is no other history of the stock-market crash of 1929 that is as short and even half as worthwhile. During World War II, Galbraith helped run the Office of Price Administration, working to square the growth-inflation circle by pushing production far above economists' measures of potential output without sparking runaway price increases that would threaten the economic mobilization. And after the war, his work on the Defense Department's "United States Strategic Bombing Survey" made Washington rethink the efficacy of its standard war-fighting policy -- staying high in the sky and dropping lots of explosives on all kinds of people far below -- although perhaps the rethinking did not go far enough.
Lots of ideas in the background of contemporary U.S. political and economic thought are Galbraith's. His work as an economist was a scattered but comprehensive attempt to think through the consequences of the transition from a nation of small farms and workshops to one of large factories and superstores. In doing so, he took on many of the questions most central to the new U.S. economic landscape: How much can advertising shape demand? In a world of passive shareholders, autonomous managers and engineers, and firm decisions that emerge out of internal bureaucratic contests, just what are the objectives that drive big firms? How does competition work when its principal dimensions are quality and marketing rather than price? And critically, how do the limits of polite discourse allow the system to hold itself together while constraining its flexibility?
For decades, Galbraith's influence in politics was unmatched by any other economist. The pieces of his advice best remembered are those that went against the "conventional wisdom" (a now ubiquitous phrase that Galbraith coined): strategic bombing did not win World War II; Vietnam was a strategically unimportant quagmire where the United States would do more harm than good; ￼macroeconomic "fine tuning" is likely to blow up in the face of policymakers; the businessman's capacity for self-delusion is nearly infinite.
Galbraith sees the United States as a would-be social democracy that has lost its way, assuming that if only the self-serving declarations of the right could be wiped away, the benefits of a bigger, more activist government would become obvious to everyone. The right-wing claim that the most efficient economy is one in which the gales of perfect competition scour the land is, in Galbraith's view, nonsense. Modern industrial and post-industrial production is a large-scale process, large-scale processes require planning, and planning requires stability -- which means that the gales of the market must be calmed.
This political vision, however, has been in retreat since the early 1980s. Nobody wants to hear about the importance of Big Government, Big Bureaucracy, or Big Labor (which hardly even exists). Galbraith's economic views have undergone an even more distressing eclipse. Among economists (excluding economic historians), the 70-year-olds have read Galbraith and think he is very important; the 50-year-olds have read Galbraith and know that the 70-year-olds think he is important but are not sure why; and the 30-year-olds have not even read him.
Parker has an explanation -- a relatively convincing one -- for the retreat of Galbraith's politics. The story behind it is the Democratic establishment's loss of nerve. Too many party intellectuals and politicians drink cocktails on Martha's Vineyard, in Parker's view, and too few spend time on the shop floor learning what issues are important to those sweeping up or manning an assembly line or tending the convenience-store cash register from midnight to six a.m. Thus, the mass base of the Democratic Party has withered, and without a mass base Democratic politicians listen too much to their rich contributors and turn into Eisenhower Republicans -- people who are interested above all in balancing the budget. Galbraith, a committed social democrat, has wielded his pen and his tongue in an effort to halt this decades-long rightward drift. But he has failed: his allies are too few, and the loss of nerve among the party elite is too complete.
Parker also has an explanation -- also a relatively convincing one -- for the eclipse of Galbraith's economic thought. The story here is of the blindness of an academic establishment steeped in Paul Samuelson's Foundations of Economic Analysis. Economists, Parker believes, have sold their birthright for a tasteless pottage of mathematical models. As a result, they can say much about theory but little about reality. And they ignore Galbraith because he is a guilt-inducing reminder of how much broader and more relevant economics can be.
WHAT WOULD GALBRAITH DO?
This explanation, however, is far from complete. Late-twentieth-century American economics centers on the use of mathematical models to reach one of two conclusions: that the market is already doing a good job, or that some imperfection is causing "market failure" and correcting or counterbalancing the imperfection will make everything okay. Thus there are New Classical macroeconomists, who believe that the market works fine and that even depressions are necessary and inevitable; Monetarists, who believe that recessions result from failures in the banking system, which can be corrected by ensuring stable growth of the money supply; and New Keynesians, who are indistinguishable from Monetarists save for their identification of market failures in the labor market or in the investment decisions of firms.
In all these cases, it is clear what an economist must do to belong to a particular school: start underneath the lamppost, take a few steps in one direction by describing a market failure, and then start searching for lost keys. New Classicals master the solutions of "dynamic stochastic general- equilibrium representative-agent models." Monetarists analyze the details of the financial system in an effort to define a "neutral monetary policy." New Keynesians trace the implications of subtle differences in labor- and capital-market failures.
Just what a "Galbraithian" economist would do, however, is not clear. For Galbraith, there is no single market failure, no single serpent in the Eden of perfect competition. He starts from the ground and works up: What are the major forces and institutions in a given economy, and how do they interact? A graduate student cannot be taught to follow in Galbraith's footsteps. The only advice: Be supremely witty. Write very well. Read very widely. And master a terrifying amount of institutional detail.
￼Harry Johnson, in his superb but not entirely fair critique of Milton Friedman's Monetarists, said that in order to carry out an intellectual revolution in economics, one must propound a doctrine that has three qualities: it can be summarized in a single sentence, it provides the young with an excuse for ignoring the work of their elders, and it tells the young what they can do to further the revolution. John Maynard Keynes and Friedman both offered such doctrines. They said, respectively, that "aggregate demand determines supply" and that "inflation is always and everywhere a monetary phenomenon"; they dismissed their predecessors as obsolete; and they set hundreds of young to the task of estimating consumption, investment, and money-demand functions.
Galbraith propounded no such easily summarized doctrine. The closest we can get is: "the world is complicated, and both right-wing ideology and the conventional wisdom that is this age's self- image are terribly wrong." He offered critiques that required you to read and understand old theories, not new theories that allowed you to dismiss everything prior as irrelevant.
The result? Nearly all economists today are Paul Samuelson's children. Many are Keynes' children. Friedman, Robert Lucas, Robert Solow, and James Tobin all have plenty of descendants. But there are few Galbraithians on the ground. Would economics as a discipline be stronger if the 50-year- old and 30-year-old economists had a better appreciation of Galbraith? Almost surely. Will the winds of economic fashion shift and cause economists to appreciate Galbraith once again? For that to happen, an astute young economist would have to devote himself to "mathing up" chapters of The Affluent Society and The New Industrial State and publishing them in journals -- not a likely prospect in today's risk-adverse academic environment.
ALGER LIVES
Galbraith's life traces an arc through an age in which three gigantic shocks appeared to transform U.S. politics. The Great Depression convinced the upwardly mobile that they could be downwardly mobile too, the middle class that it and the working class had common interests, and high-wire entrepreneurs that even they needed government to provide a strong safety net -- hence Franklin Roosevelt's New Deal. Then the self-destruction of the Old Republican Party in the wake of its takeover by Barry Goldwater led to a decade of Democratic dominance that brought forth Lyndon Johnson's Great Society. And finally, with the advent of Richard Nixon's "southern strategy," the base of the northern Democratic Party moved to the left, leading to a decade of southern conservative Democrats voting for northern Democratic liberals to chair committees and run Congress. This was the age of Galbraith's ascendancy -- an age during which the United States looked to be moving ever closer to his vision of the good society.
But all these shocks turned out to be temporary. The middle class no longer fears impoverishment at the hands of another Great Depression, as it did in the 1950s, and it is less certain that it shares interests with the working class. Republican legislators may still feel that extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice, but they are now smart enough to keep quiet about it. The Democratic South has morphed into the Republican South, and enough electricity to power Illinois and New York could be produced if only one could attach magnets to Abraham Lincoln and William Seward as they spin in their graves.
What has survived throughout is the American myth of rugged individualism, and it is this that Parker's political story neglects. The power of this myth has meant that the United States is not, and never will be, a European-style social democracy. People may come together for barn raisings, but America is still the land of upward mobility and opportunity, where the most common questions are, I've done it, so why haven't you? and Doesn't this social solidarity stuff mean that I've got to pull more than my share of the weight? In spirit, it is still a nation of upwardly mobile immigrants blessed with an abundance of resources (free land) and an absence of government constraints (free labor).
Galbraith would say, sardonically, that this national self-image is just another fraudulent piece of conventional wisdom -- nurtured by the delusional, who cannot see reality, and the rich, who see it all too well but know that such delusions make them richer and more powerful. And Galbraith would be more than half right. But this self-image is also a very powerful social fact, and this more than anything else explains his waning influence on U.S. politics. It is not that the Democratic establishment has lost its nerve or been seduced by law firms and lobbyists; it is that the old Horatio Alger myth has proved extraordinarily durable.
At the beginning of the twenty-first century, it has become clear who John Kenneth Galbraith really is: Sisyphus, constantly pushing the boulder of social-democratic enlightenment up the hill. But the hill, it turns out, is too steep, and Galbraith not mighty enough.
David Cameron has authorised an investigation into the foreign funding and support of jihadi and extremist groups in the UK, a development that could lead to a potential standoff with the government's key Gulf ally Saudi Arabia.
Political pressure on Cameron to investigate extremist revenue streams in the UK has come from the Liberal Democrats who requested the inquiry in exchange for supporting the extension into Syria of British airstrikes against Islamic State.
The Home Office's new extremism analysis unit has been directed by Downing Street to specifically examine the scale and origin of funding of extremist groups in the UK with a remit to follow overseas funding streams. Home Office sources would not give details on the level of resources which will be assigned to the inquiry. Its findings will be sent directly to the home secretary Theresa May and Downing Street this spring.
The Gulf kingdom has repeatedly been accused of funding mosques and groups with links to Islamist terrorism in the west. Last month Angela Merkel's deputy, Sigmar Gabriel, told the Bild am Sonntag newspaper that the Saudi regime posed a danger to public security through its support for Wahhabi mosques around the world. Wahhabism, a fundamentalist form of Islam practised in Saudi Arabia, has been identified by the European parliament as a driver of global terrorism.
Gabriel said: “We have to make clear to the Saudis that the time of looking away is over. Wahhabi mosques all over the world are financed by Saudi Arabia.”
Alistair Carmichael MP, the Lib Dem spokesperson for home affairs, said: “We need to do everything in our power to counter extremism at home. External funding of extremist organisations from states like Saudi Arabia needs to be investigated and cracked down on if we're to be successful in countering this poisonous ideology.
“I am glad that the home secretary is now undertaking this work at our urging but we will need to ensure that it is properly resourced, conducted and followed through.”
Shashank Joshi, senior research fellow at the London thinktank at the Royal United Services Institute, urged the review to focus on the cash flow to extremists within the Gulf region, warning that the UK would find it challenging to mount an investigation in isolation. “I support looking into regional financial flows to extremist groups but the UK can't do that alone, we don't have the power to do it alone. Lots of these flows are going to be through networks that have absolutely nothing to do with the UK, for example from Emirate banks to Jordanian financial intermediaries to Lebanon into Syria. Is this review about funding into the UK or is it about the region [the Gulf]? If it's about the UK it's a little bit of navel gazing because that's not really where the problem is.”
The one good thing about Twitterstorms is that they tend, witlessly, to prove the point of the person they're hounding. In the very act of whipping up fume and fury against someone who's said something you're not meant to say, these virtual pitchfork gangs confirm that person's point, which was normally something like: ‘Have you ever noticed how risky it has become to express your thoughts on [some heated issue]?' ‘You can't say that!', hollers the Twittermob in response. Well, yes, quite. So it was for Simon Jenkins this week. He wrote a column in the Guardian saying the one group of people you're allowed to hate these days is old white men. ‘Stupid privileged white old man why doesn't he STFU', responded the Twittermob. Let's call it Jenkins' Law: the fury that greets anyone who says old white men have become hate figures proves that old white men have become hate figures.
Jenkins' piece was good, knockabout stuff. On the back of this week's description of the Football Association as a bunch of ‘old white men', Jenkins said that PSMs — pale, stale males, like him — have become targets for humiliation. All identities are celebrated now, except oldness, maleness and whiteness. Institutions are ‘hideously white'. Old voters are ‘selfish'. PSMs are blamed for Brexit and Trump, for decades of discrimination and much else besides, said Jenkins. Twitter melted, of course. The Huffington Post huffed. Radio phone-ins were held. But if Jenkins committed any wrong, it's that he didn't go far enough. He should have said that ‘white men' has been the most dehumanising phrase of 2016, speaking to the terrifying and casual way in which the politics of identity erase those considered ‘problematic'. It's now really easy to tell when someone is prejudiced: they use the term ‘white men'.
2016 has been the year of the ‘white men' slur. It's been gathering pace for a while. There's been the fashion for articles that start with ‘Dear White People', and proceed to tell white people how awful and stupid they are. Censorious students, most of them white, hilariously, rage against ‘white men'. If I had a penny for every time some jumped-up Joe Stalin on campus said to me ‘You would say that, you're a white man' — as if my pigmentation and penis control my brain — I reckon I'd have at least two quid. The Guardian, slowly morphing from a newspaper into a tumblr account, has been at the forefront of white men bashing. ‘Philosophy has to be about more than white men,' said a columnist in 2015. ‘Why are so many white men trying to save the planet without the rest of us?', asked another in 2014. Even when white men try to do good — not that I buy the idea the planet needs saving — they're lambasted for their maleness and paleness. They can't do right for being white.
But phobia of white males — we can all play the phobia game — really took off this year. The Brexit and Trump victories were said to be part of a ‘whitelash', with ‘white male rage' now posing a physical, bovine threat to normal politics. The novelty of this year is that ‘white women' got it in the neck too. That 53 percent of American white women voted for Trump sent feminists into a frenzy. These poor creatures suffer from ‘internalised misogyny', we were told (ie. they don't know their own minds). ‘The problem was white women,' opined a white woman in the Guardian horrified at ‘the complicity of women in their own oppression'. White women are so dumb, right? But it's still mostly ‘white men' who are demonised, as Jenkins has discovered. A couple of weeks ago, before the PSMs piece, he criticised the politics of identity; this is the ‘primal scream of the straight white male', fired back a fellow Guardian writer.
The charge of ‘white man', the open discussion of ‘white men' as a problem, a scourge, a primal, furious blob, is extraordinarily dehumanising. In the classic meaning of that word: it deprives a group of people of their individual qualities in preference for treating them as a great indistinguishable mass. The real problem with the ‘white men' jibe is that it commits what I thought was meant to be the greatest crime in the eyes of identitarians: it erases people's identities and experiences. ‘White men' — which white men? The white men who make up the boards of many top companies? Or the white men bent over, sweating to make the desks at which you write your anti-white men screeds? The white men who run much of the oligarchical EU? Or the white men who deliver your groceries, unclog your toilets, build your homes? My dad, a white man, who left school at 15 and later travelled from Ireland to London in search of work, or the white man who told him he'd be better as a bus driver than a bus conductor because the passengers wouldn't understand his thick-as-tar Irish accent? Come on: which white men?
The ‘white men' slur obliterates the class, social, cultural and political differences between white men. It treats a vast group of people that includes rich and poor, the toffee-nosed and the back-broken, the manicured middle classes and labourers with hands like leather, as a faceless horde, all privileged, all comfortable, all probably horrible, or at least arsey and entitled. It is a lie, and a really ugly one. Its greatest wrong is to overlook, and in fact negate, the most important difference between people: the class one. Indeed, that's what identity politics is ultimately designed to do: to replace the edgy, potentially destabilising politics of class with the fundamentally conservative politics of identity. This is a tragedy. For whatever you may have thought of the class politics of old, it at least contained within it the ideal of solidarity, where people of all kinds of backgrounds might come together to demand a better, fairer deal. The politics of identity, by contrast, are separatist, and fatalistic, dividing us into biological, racial and gender boxes and telling us we will never truly understand each other.
I refuse to define myself as a ‘white man' because I want to discover what I have in common with others, whatever their skin colour or gender. I'm interested in the universal, not the particular. But then, you can discount everything I've just said because I have a penis and I was born to white parents. My race voids my argument — this is the world we live in.
The United States and Australia are close to announcing a deal in which the U.S. would resettle hundreds of asylum seekers banished by Australia to Pacific island camps, a newspaper reported on Friday.
The U.S. had agreed to accept up to 1,800 refugees held for up to three years at Australia's expense in camps on the impoverished island nations of Nauru and Papua New Guinea, The Australian newspaper reported.
Such an agreement struck with the Obama administration could be opposed by President-elect Donald Trump, who has called for a moratorium or tight restrictions on Muslim immigration. Most of the asylum seekers are Muslims from the Middle East, Africa and Asia.
The agreement could empty the camps that have been condemned by human rights groups as a cruel abrogation of Australia's responsibilities as a signatory to the United Nations Refugee Convention.
Prime Minster Malcolm Turnbull declined to comment on negotiations with the United States.
Rebecca Gardner, spokeswoman for the U.S. Embassy in Australia, would not comment on the newspaper report, saying the State Department did not "comment on or discuss diplomatic negotiations."
Senior government minister Christopher Pyne praised the prospect of such an agreement being finalized before the Obama administration ends.
"There certainly is time — two and a half months is plenty of time — and if that's the case, it will be a great achievement for the Turnbull government," Pyne told Nine Network television.
Senior opposition lawmaker Anthony Albanese said "if this occurs, that will be a good thing."
The opposition center-left Labor Party criticized a previous deal struck between Australia and the United States in 2007 to swap refugees, arguing that the prospect of U.S. resettlement would attract more asylum seekers to Australian shores.
Under that deal, up to 200 refugees a year held on Nauru could have been swapped for Cubans and Haitians intercepted at sea while trying to get to the U.S. and held at the U.S. Navy base at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. But no refugee was ever traded under that deal.
Turnbull announced at Obama's Leaders' Summit on Refugees in September that Australia would participate in the U.S.-led program to resettle Central American refugees from a camp in Costa Rica. Australia would also increase its refugee intake by 5,000 to 18,750 a year.
Turnbull said at the time that the agreement to resettle Central Americans was "not linked to any other resettlement discussions" involving Australia's refugees.
Immigration Department Secretary Chief Michael Pezzullo told a parliamentary committee on Friday that "today we are closer than we were yesterday" to resettling asylum seekers from Nauru and Papua New Guinea.
Immigration Minister Peter Dutton said this week he was looking for countries that will accept all asylum seekers bound for Australia, including those who have had their refugee claims rejected but refuse to go home. Iran won't take back Iranians who want to go home voluntarily.
Almost 1,300 asylum seekers are on Nauru and Papua New Guinea. Hundreds more have come to the Australia for medical treatment and have taken court action to prevent them being sent back to the islands.
Few refugees have accepted offers to resettle in Papua New Guinea and Cambodia because most hope that Australia will eventually take them in.
Australia refuses to resettle any refugee who has arrived by boat since the date the tough policy was announced, July 19, 2013.
A labourer unloads coal from a supply truck at a yard on the outskirts of Ahmedabad August 21, 2013. REUTERS/Amit Dave/Files
By Krishna N. Das and Sonali Paul
NEW DELHI/MELBOURNE (Reuters) - India's plans to attract badly needed foreign investment and technology to its coal sector are getting a cool response from some miners and trading houses, even though the country is one of the few bright spots for global coal demand.
Seeking to curb a growing reliance on imports, Prime Minister Narendra Modi passed an order in December to allow private firms to mine and sell coal for the first time in more than 42 years.
But even with India on track to overtake the United States as the second-largest coal consumer after China this decade, executives at Japanese trading houses and some of the biggest global miners said they were currently not looking to invest.
Red tape, problems with land and environmental approvals, and the quality of its coal have been cited as issues deterring investment, while on top of this Asian coal prices are languishing near six-year lows.
Despite huge coal reserves, India's failure to modernise mining means it has become the world's third-biggest importer, shipping in coal from countries such as Australia and Indonesia.
Asked about progress attracting investors for auctions that may start later this year, Coal Secretary Anil Swarup told Reuters talks were going on with several global firms on upgrading mining technology, although nothing had been finalised.
"It is not just about mining on their own but also to provide technology to Coal India and Indian companies," he said.
Up to now only state firms have been allowed to mine coal, but the sector is being opened up to help meet surging demand for coal for power.
Indian conglomerates such as the Adani Group and GVK are expected to bid for coal blocks, but foreign firms will be harder to attract after previously facing obstacles to investing.
For example, global miner Rio Tinto has had to wait more than a decade to secure approvals to start mining iron ore in India.
Japanese trading firms have recently been increasing investments in coal, but executives at two firms said they did not intend to invest in India.
"We have no plan to consider joining coal mine projects in India even (as) it opens up, as there are other countries which we are focusing on and where it is easier to manage projects," said an official at a trading firm, declining to be identified.
Another senior executive at a rival firm said the quality of coal in India was not very high and the firm preferred to sell coal to the country rather than join in projects.
Among global miners, a spokesman for BHP Billiton, the world's biggest coking coal producer, declined to comment on India specifically but pointed to recent management statements that the miner planned no new coal investments.
Anglo American was also unlikely to be interested since it is focusing on divesting South African coal assets, said a source familiar with the miner's plans.
Rio Tinto Chief Executive Sam Walsh said the firm had not looked at Indian coal investments yet but was open to opportunities, while Peabody Energy said it would "evaluate investments to serve India's rising coal needs as appropriate".
India wants to more than double coal output to 1.5 billion tonnes by 2020, but its mining is deeply inefficient. Coal India, the world's largest coal miner, produces 1,100 tonnes of coal per employee a year, compared with 36,700 tonnes for Peabody Energy and 12,700 tonnes for China's Shenhua Energy.
Despite the lack of foreign interest in mining coal, both local and overseas investors flocked to a 10 percent stake sale of state-run Coal India that raised about $3.6 billion. However, this interest may also indicate how government firms will continue to have an edge in navigating India's maze of clearances.
(Additional reporting by Silvia Antonioli in LONDON, Yuka Obayashi in TOKYO and Nidhi Verma in NEW DELHI; Editing by Ed Davies; Editing by Henning Gloystein and Ed Davies)
Australian international departs for the 2016/17 season
- Jason Davidson leaves Huddersfield Town on loan- Australian international joins FC Groningen- Reaction from Head Coach David WagnerThe 25 year-old Australian international will move to Groningen until 31 May 2017, with the Dutch club having the option to buy the defender at the conclusion of the loan.Davidson, who signed for the Terriers from Premier League side West Bromwich Albion in June 2015, has already played in the Eredivisie during his career, spending one and a half years at Heracles Almelo before signing for the Baggies in 2014.Jason made 30 appearances in his debut season for Town last term, but he hasn't appeared in a match day squad for David Wagner's First Team in the opening four matches of 2016/17.He is under contract at Huddersfield Town until the summer of 2018.Huddersfield Town Head Coach David Wagner explained:“This is a good move for everyone. Jason is a senior player and is obviously keen to play regular football and that is not something we can offer here at the moment.“Jason has a profile in the Netherlands from his time playing in the country and we all wish him the best of luck.”
South Africa's Jewish and Christian communities have launched several campaigns to encourage the country's ruling party, the African National Congress, not to downgrade its embassy in Israel.
A social media campaign, a weekend of prayers, a symposium and several formal submissions to the ANC's International Relations Subcommittee are just some of the ways the communities have taken action.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
This post has been reviewed by the Vancouver Media Co-op editorial committee.
ALEX HUNDERT: 30 DAYS BEHIND BARS
by Friends of Alex
"On this stretch in jail
I write letters to allies
instead of media statements.
This is not a media stunt
it is me living my life.
Message is action.
We are building connections,
a community of resistance.
I am learning to build,
to act,
to live,
to love."
- Alex Hundert, Nov 2010, Toronto West Detention Centre
As many of you know G20 defendant Alex Hundert was arrested for the third time on October 23, 2010 on the charge of intimidating a member of the judicial system. According to his brother Jonah Hundert, “The fact that this latest unbelievable charge is coming from the Crown themselves reveals a clear political bias from the Attorney General's office to keep Alex in jail at all costs and to criminalize political dissenters."
Since Alex was previously unjustly found to be in breach simply for speaking on a university panel, and the complications of all the legal matters before court, he will likely not be up for a bail hearing until January or even February. That means that since his pre-emptive arrest for so-called conspiracy on June 26th, he will have spent almost six months behind bars. Given the particular targeting of Alex by the police, Crown, and Attorney General's office and the growing number of outrageous charges he is facing, it is possible that he may not even make bail and he would remain in jail until trial (up to 2 years).
In the meantime, Alex's bail has been revoked, which means he is under no existing bail conditions. So other than those defendants who themselves have a non-association with Alex, you are free to write him a letter and we would encourage you to please do so. Letters can be mailed to the following address:
Alex Hundert
c/o Toronto West Detention Centre
111 Disco Rd
PO Box 4950
Rexdale ON M9W 5L6
This is not just about Alex. Other G20 defendants remain in jail, punished by the criminal (in)justice system for being poor and unable to afford exorbitant bail, while some face the possibility of deportation. We also continue to witness the intensification of repressive state practices and criminalization. Prison budgets are expanding by 27% over the next three years, the government is pushing forward a 3-year extension of the Canadian military's occupation of Afghanistan, the Conservatives are justifying the mandatory detention of asylum-seekers through Bill C-49 while over 400 Tamil migrants remain behind bars, Indigenous Elders and community members were recently arrested at the Nak'azdli blockade for defending their land against the Mount Milligan mining project, and another fatal police shooting has taken the life of an Indigenous man at Driftpile First Nation.
Across the world, police repression is targeting workers, students, and peasants who are rising up against G20 austerity measures and the entrenchment of market solutions to the crises of capitalism and environmental degradation. In a prior statement on Oct 11, Alex stated "The issues which motivated people to organize against the G20 – poverty, migrant justice, Indigenous sovereignty, the environment, militarization, queer liberation, ableism, violence against women, and economic justice – all continue to have tremendous impacts on people's daily lives. Despite incarceration, my commitment to these struggles is only strengthened, as are our movements."
Free the People, Defend the Land!
For more information contact freealexhundert@gmail.com
Brewers Gone Wild: Taming Unpredictable Yeast For Flavorful Beer
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Allagash Courtesy of Allagash
Crack the vast menu at any self-respecting beer bar, and you're bound to run into a scientific name among the descriptions: Brettanomyces, affectionately known as Brett.
I've heard American brewers and beer geeks utter "Brett" in hushed, reverent tones before swooshing aromatic liquids made with it across their tongues. But this mysterious, mythic and increasingly popular strain of wild yeast also strikes fear in the hearts of brewers and microbiologists in the industry.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Zach Bodah/Allagash Courtesy of Zach Bodah/Allagash
First, let's review. Beer at its most basic is made up of four ingredients: water, barley malt, hops and yeast. Each one contributes to the overall taste and character, and they fuel the brewer's creative palette.
But yeast is the only still-living, organic organism in the classic lineup, and it wields a lot of power. Since medieval days, many brewers have relied on wild yeast that floats in and ferments the wort. Over time, brewers and microbiologists have captured, isolated and cultured many wild strains.
Today many breweries go to extreme lengths to nurture carefully controlled house strains of yeast purchased from a commercial lab. The most common is Saccharomyces, and brewers spend their days sanitizing every hose, clamp and piece of equipment to keep their processes lab-pure.
But sometimes Brett, which is all around us, infects a beer designed for Saccharomyces. A much dreaded result can be undesirable off-flavors that ruin an entire batch of beer.
"Every brewery in the world sees [wild yeasts] as beer spoilers," Jason Perkins, head brewer at the Allagash Brewing Co. in Portland, Maine, told me on a recent visit. Quality-control manager Zach Bodah concurred: "A big part of our job with most of the beers we make is to limit these microbes."
So why are today's craftspeople wrangling, replicating and even inviting wild Brett to run seemingly unbridled through their brew houses?
The team at Allagash has been experimenting with Brett and other "nontraditional brewing microbes" (for making wild and sour beers) for about a dozen years. The first time the brewers discovered that an ambient strain of local, wild Brett had contaminated a barrel of beer, "we panicked!" Perkins recalls. "We learned quickly that the character was very unique." So they isolated it, cultured it and created a small but ambitious wild beer program that puts Brett on center stage.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Andrea Shea for NPR Andrea Shea for NPR
"Our house Brett's character is very definitive," says Bodah, who trained as a microbiologist.
"There's a lot going on. Upfront it tastes like Juicy Fruit," Perkins says after taking a sip.
"I get a little graham cracker thing going on," Bodah adds.
Brett is typically said to evoke clove, goat, horse blanket, sweaty saddle, cat urine, even horse poop. "Ours is less barnyard, more tropical fruit," says Bodah.
Allagash ferments and ages its wild beers for one to three years in wood casks sequestered inside a building separate from the main brew house. Still, roughly 10 percent of Allagash's wild beer gets dumped because it's undrinkable — Brett can do unpredictable things, and sometimes it doesn't ferment or interact with the other ingredients the way the brewers hope.
Still, the Allagash staff can't get enough of it and is even taking its risky love affair with Brettanomyces up a notch by using a spontaneous, open fermentation vessel called a coolship. The goal is to create groundbreaking flavor profiles and characteristics inspired by the coolship used in Belgium's Lambic region, where farmhouse brewers open windows and allow ambient yeast to ride in on the wind and get to work. Lambics made by breweries such as Cantillon near Brussels are famed for their tart, multilayered tastes born out of this medieval approach to brewing. Now Allagash is doing it — going true wild — in Maine.
"Allagash's coolship process is about as traditional as it gets," Brett expert Chad Yakobson says, "and the most romantic." Yakobson owns and is the brewer at the four-year-old Crooked Stave Artisan Beer Project Brewery in Denver and says only a few other U.S. breweries use coolships because they're expensive and risky. (Yakobson has one but hasn't taken it for a test run yet.)
Enlarge this image toggle caption Andrea Shea for NPR Andrea Shea for NPR
Yakobson fell under Brett's spell when he was getting his brewing degree at Heriot-Watt University in Edinburgh, Scotland. "There were some brewers in the U.K. and Belgium using it to make beautiful beers," he says. His research showed there were many variations, "which means more potential for unique flavors." Now every beer Yakobson brews at Crooked Stave is made with Brett he cultivates himself.
Then there's the Mystic Brewery in Chelsea, Mass., where the motto is, "We're not scared of no stinkin' microbes." It's one of only a few facilities in the country that do both wild yeast and non-wild yeast beers in the same space, according to microbiologist Bryan Greenhagen.
In fact, Greenhagen's got one he's calling "Pitch All the Bretts." It contains about 12 strains of Brettanomyces.
He also travels around "capturing" indigenous yeast from different locales ("like Indiana Jones," he says) for his Vinland Native Yeast Project. Each year he goes out and picks wild fruit (that has yeast on the skin), then throws it into the fermentation vessel.
"That's how the Trappists did it," he says of the Belgian order of brewing monks. "It's sort of like saying, 'Here's a place. What's an example of a yeast that's living here?' San Francisco has its own yeast culture that changes its sourdough bread. Everyplace does. We're just doing it with beer."
Greenhagen's Vinland 2 was the first beer made with American yeast, wild or domesticated, to win a gold medal at the Great American Beer Festival.
As for wild yeast's rise in popularity among brewers and consumers, Greenhagen says it still exists on the fringes. "Will wild beers be the next Super Bowl libation? Probably not."
Brett fans acknowledge that while Americans' palates are becoming more adventurous and sophisticated, plenty of people wrinkle their noses, pucker their lips and even send their orders back when they first taste a wild or sour beer made with Brett. It's not for everyone.
"If someone throws one in front of you for the first time without explanation, it could be a shock," Perkins of Allagash agreed, adding, "But once you discover them — when they're done right — they're great with food."
Andrea Shea is arts and culture reporter for WBUR in Boston and was a professional brewer for two years in the 1990s.
Says Barack Obama "didn't do executive orders in the beginning."
The View co-host Whoopi Goldberg claimed recently that unlike President Donald Trump, former President Barack Obama waited before issuing executive actions.
After a striking comment from co-host Joy Behar, who hypothesized Trump was passing executive actions quickly because he was afraid he'd be impeached, another co-host, Jedediah Bila, countered Behar's point saying "all presidents do this." Goldberg offered an instant fact-check.
"I think the difference in what you're saying in terms of executive action is at least it took President Obama, at least a couple of months in, and this one (Trump) has come in and he said, ‘We're doing this and this, and this.' And I understand that," Goldberg said in a Jan. 25 segment of the View.
Goldberg repeated this idea again in response to Bila, who criticized Obama for taking executive actions at the start of his presidency when he could have passed laws through a Democratic Congress.
"But (Obama) didn't do executive orders in the beginning," Goldberg said.
Executive orders are the most well-known kind of presidential action, and have a long tradition in presidential history back to the days of George Washington. In fact, every president except for William Harrison (who died a month into office) has issued at least one executive order.
This specific presidential action directs the federal government and bureaucracies and carries the power of the law. However, executive orders can be revoked or amended by future presidents.
We wanted to settle the matter: Did Obama, unlike Trump, wait to take executive action? Long story short is that he didn't, and experts said executive actions are common among new presidents.
Obama didn't waste much time before issuing executive orders after his inauguration.
Obama signed his first executive order (13489) about presidential records on Jan. 21, 2009, a day after the inauguration. This executive order required the Archivist of the United States notify both the incumbent president and the former president of any records the archivist feels may trigger executive privilege. (Executive privilege refers to the president's power to withhold information from the public.)
Over the next 10 days, Obama had signed nine executive orders. By the end of his first month, the number was 16.
Here's how Obama compared to Trump: As of Jan. 26, Trump had signed four executive orders aimed at achieving various campaign promises. By this time, Obama had issued five executive orders.
Obama first aimed to limit access to presidential records, while another ordered the closure of the Guantanamo Bay prison in Cuba within one year.
That action received backlash from Republicans. As did Obama's corresponding order to look for lawful alternatives to the detention of captives in the Guantanamo Bay prison in Cuba.
Month Executive orders signed by Obama January 2009 (starting on Jan. 21) 9 February 2009 7 March 2009 2 April 2009 1
Source: https://www.archives.gov/federal-register/executive-orders/2009-obama.html
Executive action has a broad definition, but just in terms of one type of executive orders, Goldberg's claim is incorrect.
That said, it's hard to say whether Trump's first actions as president are more significant for policy than Obama's.
Executive orders aren't the only action president's can take, making it difficult to compare Obama's use of unilateral actions to Trump's so far.
Through "executive actions," presidents can also pardon criminals, amend the internal structure of the executive branch, issue signing statements, write letters and memoranda, and more.
"The number of orders is often misleading, and the terminology can be confusing — both presidents issued important orders that were not ‘Executive Orders' with numbers attached," said John T. Woolley, an American politics professor at University of California, Santa Barbara.
William Galston, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution, said that both Trump and Obama took controversial actions at the start.
"The early Trump executive actions have been on hot button issues, so they aroused a lot of early controversy, but we can't forget how controversial presidential actions of the past have been," he said.
Galston was specifically referring to the U.S. Treasury's decision to bail out the auto industry during Obama's first year. When Obama took office, he created a task force with a mandate to determine the fate of GM and Chrysler.
He added that is not unlikely for presidents to take executive actions at first, especially when there's a change in party, adding that presidents want to reverse actions of the previous administration.
For example, Trump issued a presidential memorandum on Jan. 23 that banned all foreign nongovernmental organizations from receiving U.S. funds from performing or promoting abortion, reversing an Obama action.
The recession gripping the country when Obama took office also spurred the former president to move with more urgent executive action, Galston said.
Our ruling
Goldberg said Obama waited "at least a couple of months" to issue executive actions. That's not correct; Obama issued an executive order on his first day in office, and 16 with in his first month.
Although it's hard to compare one president's actions to the other, experts said Trump and Obama both issued important orders in the beginning of their presidency, which is common practice.
We rate this statement Pants on Fire.
https://www.sharethefacts.co/share/ee69d395-6457-4516-91b2-9055099e7528
Kicking our top 5 off is the Polish beast Janusz “Snax” Pogorzelski, extending his top 5 appearances to three in a row in HLTV's top 20 rankings. The Virtus.pro player earned two MVPs and two EVP awards en route to the 5th place on our list this year.
Janusz "Snax" Pogorzelski has been around since the days of 1.6, playing in some of the top Polish teams like Universal Soliders, DELTA, and MaxFloPlay. It wasn't until CS:GO came around, though, that Snax was able to make a big leap in his career and join Poland's elite.
Snax and Paweł "byali" Bieliński played for GF Gaming in early 2013 where the duo started catch people's eyes. When Wiktor "TaZ" Wojtas, Filip "NEO" Kubski, and Jarosław "pashaBiceps" Jarząbkowski decided to cut Jakub "kuben" Gurczynski and Mariusz "Loord" Cybulski from the team, two slots in Poland's top team became available. With pashaBiceps also on the balance, the future of the Polish legends was uncertain.
Snax from GF-Gaming
Snax during his time in GF Gaming
Snax was immediately called to try out for the team with Bartosz "Hyper" Wolny and a revolving group of players. During that time, pashaBiceps confirmed he would stay in the team and eventually the ex-ESC team confirmed the signing of Snax as well as that of his ex-GF Gaming teammate byali, who they had been playing with for several weeks.
Under the Universal Soldiers banner, Snax went on to show his worth at the first CS:GO Major—DreamHack Winter 2013. There, Universal Soldiers got eliminated in the group stages after painfully allowing Recursive to come back from a 3-12 deficit at the half to win it 16-13 in one of the most agonizing comebacks at a Major. Snax dropped 28 frags and had a 1.35 rating that match, and a 1.22 rating at the event.
In 2014, Snax & co. signed for Virtus.pro, where they have gone on to become the longest standing team in CS:GO history, and are showing no signs of slowing down.
"Playing together for over three years now is easy for us because we know each other. We've been playing a long time together, but we still need to practice as much as always because if not it's easy for the rest of the teams to get ahead."
Virtus.pro were the first team to win a Major in 2014 at EMS One Katowice, on home soil. With 50 clutch rounds won that year, the highest number out of any player, Snax kept showing he was one of the best in the game, and was named number four on our top 20 ranking that year.
Snax lifting the trophy at the EMS One Katowice Major
In 2015, Snax was once again named the fourth best player of the year per our rankings. Then, Snax had the fourth highest rating at Majors, fourth best opening kill-death difference, and was the third best rated player in grand finals. With two semifinals and one quarterfinal at the Majors, Virtus.pro remained a team always present on the biggest stages.
"I think it's all about your mind, what you have in your head. You just need to be focused all the time, and you just need to practice. That's all."
Snax had a slow start in 2016. His first event, DreamHack Leipzig, was his worst—by far. At that event, Virtus.pro went out in last place and Snax ended with a 0.78 rating (#4 in the team) and 64.5 ADR.
IEM Katowice went a little bit better, but not much. Virtus.pro ended in 5-6th place and Snax had a 0.94 rating. Not anywhere near the way he'd end up playing later in the year, but already an improvement.
"We are not like a lot of other teams. Three of our guys have children now, if we include Kuben, and they need to be home. They need to see their wives and families. For us it's harder because of that. We played a lot of tournaments the last years, so we ended up a bit exhausted. "The time I was most disappointed this year was during our first three months. That was our worst period in our whole time as a team. "You could really tell we took a break between September and January, and were not playing as much. We lost our plow mode, you know, the feeling for the game. We just needed to come back into the game, and once we got back in, we were able to plow again."
The third event of the year for Virtus.pro was Counter Pit League Season 2. The tournament in Croatia marked the beginning of an incredibly strong run of events for Snax which would pretty much last all the way to the end of the year. In Split, Virtus.pro made it to the semifinals and Snax was awarded his first EVP of the season after ending the tournament with a 1.19 rating, 1.34 impact, and 90.5 ADR.
After a couple months the plow was back
Next up for Snax was MLG Columbus, the first Major of 2016. While Virtus.pro were unable to make it past the quarterfinals at the Nationwide Arena, Snax ended with a respectable 1.07 rating and 82.5 ADR, and the team had assured a place at ESL One Cologne later on.
DreamHack Masters Malmö, the first event of its kind, came quick after the Columbus Major. While his team crashed out of Masters in 5-8th place, and only byali was able to have a rating over 1.00 out of his teammates, Snax was on the war path with a 1.34 rating and a stunning 97.3 ADR in 4 maps—two of which he was the PotM in.
CEVO, which had been a staple tournament for the Poles—they had won Seasons 7 and 8 in 2015—, didn't go as well as in the past for Virtus.pro. There, the Polish side was able to get another top 4 finish. For Snax, a 1.09 rating was the silence before the storm.
At StarLadder's first Invitational, Snax went HAM, ending the tournament with a 1.22 rating, 84.8 ADR, 1.34 impact, three PotM performances, and after propelling his team to the first place in the tournament he was given the MVP award.
Snax was the MVP at the SL Invitational
After two beastly performances came the second Major of the year, ESL One Cologne. On the shores of the Rhine, Snax had a much more quiet performance. With a 1.04 rating by the end of the event, he was the highest on his team and was crucial in getting Virtus.pro to the semifinals.
Coming back to Atlanta after the Major, where they had been just a few weeks prior playing the group stages of ELEAGUE, Virtus.pro went on an incredible run which lasted several weeks from the Last Chance Qualifier to the grand final. Throughout the 20 maps that Virtus.pro played there, Snax got a 1.20 rating, with 81.8 ADR, and 1.31 impact. Snax also managed to be recognized seven times as PotM on his way to earning his second MVP award of the season.
"It was hard because we had to fly out to Atlanta, then play the Major in Cologne, and then fly back, getting jet lagged twice. Although we finally adapted to the time and even to living there, since we were there for like thirty days. "ELEAGUE was definitely the best tournament for me. I played very well there, especially in the playoffs. I was even calling on Dust2 vs. NiP, and we did very well against them. They were surprised with what we were doing. Yeah, ELEAGUE Season 1 was the best memory of the year."
SL i-League StarSeries Season 2 was something Virtus.pro were eager to forget the second they lost their second map. Snax was the second best rated player with a 0.91 rating in the two maps the team played before their 13-16th place exit.
For the last four events of the season Snax and Virtus.pro got back on track and were able to score some decent results, starting at DreamHack Bucharest. Virtus.pro claimed the trophy in Romania, and despite a 1.10 rating, Snax was only the fourth best rated player on the team.
Snax and his team won their last event of the year in Bucharest
At ESL One New York, Snax was named an EVP for the second time this season. Virtus.pro went on a run all the way to the final but were eventually beaten by Aleksandr "s1mple" Kostyliev and his Natus Vincere. Snax was the second highest rated player on his team with a 1.09.
At EPICENTER: Moscow, Virtus.pro were once again able to make it all the way to the finals, but there they were upset by a youthful Dignitas full of poise. Snax didn't have the best rating, with a 1.01 (#2 in team).
The last event of the year for Virtus.pro was the second season of ELEAGUE. There, Snax had an impressive 1.15 rating even though his team was unable to make it past a 5-8th place finish.
"Individually I want to start playing more [as a goal for 2017]. Really, I'm so lazy! I'm not playing as much as I should. I need to play more to become much better, I know I can do it! "As far as the team goes, I want to win every tournament. My goal is to win everything and have the whole team play very well."
Why is he the 5th best player of 2016?
Snax was one of only four players to get two MVP awards this season. On top of that, he was also able to get two EVPs as well. One of the ways he was able to get those was by rarely having a bad game (rating above 0.85 in 84% of his maps). He was also the fourth player with most PotM selections (23).
This year, Snax increased the amount of use he gave to his AWP which made him one of the best all-around players in the world. By the end of the year he ranked 14th in AWP kills per round (0.27), and he was particularly impactful with it as Virtus.pro won 79% (#2) of rounds when he got at least one AWP kill.
"Actually, I don't feel like I do the most or I'm the best, it depends on the year. Like in 2014 I was the best clutcher and in 2015 I was the best entry-killer, so… It doesn't matter. Now I'm playing the AWP a lot more, and like I said, it's about what we need. If I need to adapt to playing with the AWP, I'll do it; if I need to clutch, I'll do it; and if I need to entry, I'll do it."
Snax was also very important to opening rounds up for his team. He ranked #8 in the world with 57% of opening duels won. He also had 0.13 opening kills per round, #14, shining particularly bright on CT sides. On the other side of rounds, Snax was a great closer, perhaps the best. With 57 1vsX rounds won, Snax ended the year as the player with the most clutches, a big reason he made it into the top 5.
"I was playing AWP a lot before, just not in Virtus.pro. I always adapted. If they needed an IGL, I was calling. Like I said before... if they needed a clutcher, I was there. If they needed a sniper, I was there."
Despite playing several medium events, those didn't boost his rating as he averaged 1.10 in both medium and big events. As far as ranking fifth goes, Snax didn't have downsides in his play, the top four players were just either better on big stages or more consistent than Snax.
Bold prediction
We asked Snax to name some up and coming players that could end up in next year's top 20 of 2017 ranking, and he went with two compatriots.
"I think they can be good if they play like they did at WESG 2017. They have been doing good in Kinguin, and I want some of my old mates to do well and be in next year's top 20!"
Stay tuned to our Top 20 players of 2016 ranking powered by EGB.com and take a look at the Introduction article to learn more about how the players were picked.
Petar Herceg Tonić (later anglicized as Peter Tomich; June 3, 1893 – December 7, 1941) was a United States Navy sailor of Herzegovinian Croat descent who received the United States military's highest award, the Medal of Honor, for his actions in World War II.[1]
Tomich was an ethnic Croat from Herzegovina born as Petar Herceg (family nickname 'Tonić') in Prolog near Ljubuški, Condominium of Bosnia and Herzegovina. He immigrated to the United States in 1913, and joined the US Army in 1917.[2]
Tomich served in the US Army during World War I, and enlisting in the US Navy in 1919, where he initially served on the destroyer USS Litchfield (DD-336).[1]
By 1941, he had become a chief watertender on board the training and target ship USS Utah.[1] On December 7, 1941, while the ship lay in Pearl Harbor, moored off Ford Island, she was torpedoed during Japan's raid on Pearl Harbor.[1] Tomich was on duty in a boiler room. As Utah began to capsize, he remained below, securing the boilers and making certain that other men escaped, and so lost his life.[1] For his "distinguished conduct and extraordinary courage" at that time, he posthumously received the Medal of Honor.[1] His Medal of Honor was on display at the Navy's Senior Enlisted Academy (Tomich Hall).[1] Later, the decoration was presented to Tomich's family on the aircraft carrier USS Enterprise in the southern Adriatic city of Split in Croatia, on 18 May 2006, sixty-four years after US President Franklin D. Roosevelt awarded it to him.[3]
For distinguished conduct in the line of his profession, and extraordinary courage and disregard of his own safety, during the attack on the Fleet in Pearl Harbor by the Japanese forces on 7 December 1941. Although realizing that the ship was capsizing, as a result of enemy bombing and torpedoing, Tomich remained at his post in the engineering plant of the U.S.S. Utah, until he saw that all boilers were secured and all fireroom personnel had left their stations, and by so doing lost his own life."[4]
COLUMBUS, Ohio – There are only two plausible explanations for what is going on this week in this swing state central to virtually all Mitt Romney's victory strategies.
Either many top Ohio Republicans are in the grips of the worst panic attack since an Orson Welles 1938 radio drama convinced thousands that the earth was under attack by Martians. Or more likely, judging from the comments of these GOP insiders, Romney's hopes of carrying Ohio are fast dwindling to something like the odds of winning the Powerball jackpot.
Presidential candidates have rebounded from downbeat polls before, especially when we are still five weeks from Election Day. So Romney's problem is not just the recent Ohio surveys that show him losing to Barack Obama by as many as 10 percentage points. Instead, what is striking is the funereal interpretation that downcast Ohio Republicans derive from these numbers. Maybe Romney isn't down by 10 points, they argue, but the GOP presidential nominee seems destined to lose by a solid 5 points – and in closely divided Ohio that represents a loss of nearly landslide proportions. (That would mean that Obama would slightly improve his 2008 victory margin against John McCain.)
Many of the well-known Ohio Republicans I interviewed offered their blunt assessments only after they were guaranteed complete anonymity. That is often the Faustian bargain of political journalism in 2012: robotic talking points on the record or something resembling honesty with no names attached. The reason, though, that I am emphasizing the don't-quote-me part of the equation is that I was stunned by the vehemence of the thumbs-down-on-Mitt verdict. All but conceding the state to Obama, these Republicans were offering what may be the biggest rejection of Ohio since Philip Roth wrote “Goodbye Columbus.”
The Romney problem in Ohio is not so much campaign strategy as the candidate's inability to transcend who he is. “The Obama people have convinced Ohio voters of two things,” says Curt Steiner, a well-connected Republican public relations strategist. “That Mitt Romney doesn't believe anything. And what he does believe is all anti-middle class.”
And Mark Weaver, a Republican campaign strategist and lawyer with a doggedly optimistic assessment of Romney's chances here, concedes, “The Obama campaign has been usually good at character assassination.”
At 7:28 a.m. Friday on WSYX, the ABC affiliate in Columbus, viewers saw a frequently broadcast Obama commercial deriding Romney for his sneering at the 47 percent of Americans who don't pay federal income taxes. The male voice-over concludes, “Instead of attacking folks who work for a living, shouldn't we stand up for them?”
Republican insiders privately concede that Romney's “47 percent” comments at a fund-raiser have been devastating because they validate pre-existing concerns about Bain Capital, the candidate's wealth, and his impolitic affection for overseas bank accounts. Fifty-eight percent of Ohio voters in a recent Quinnipiac University/New York Times/CBS poll predicted that the policies of a Romney administration would “favor the rich.”
Scott Jennings, a native Kentuckian who directs the Romney campaign in Ohio, stalwartly rejects any whiff of defeatism about his candidate's chances of carrying the state. Wearing a cream-colored cowboy hat, a souvenir from a Wednesday night Rodney Atkins country-music fund-raiser for Romney, Jennings argues: “Public opinion is a process and not an event. Campaigns go up and campaigns go down. We've still got 40 days to go. There can be a lot of seminal events.”
Not surprisingly for a nuts-and-bolts campaign operative, Jennings emphasizes the Romney campaign's ground game and the superiority of those efforts compared to 2008. (Given the sense of doom hovering over the McCain campaign after the collapse of Lehman Brothers, it is not a difficult benchmark to beat). Jennings confidently throws around Ohio numbers like 1 million door knocks and 3 million volunteer phone calls. This type of personalized voter contact can indeed matter in a close election, which is why Obama carried such unlikely states as Indiana in 2008. But the problem for a reporter – especially one who has heard similar claims in many prior presidential campaigns – is that ground games are difficult to assess before Election Day.
I came to Ohio to test a theory: that Obama might face some of the same political problems that upended Democratic Gov. Ted Strickland in 2010. Personally popular, Strickland nonetheless lost a 2-point race to John Kasich, who hammered home the state's declining jobs numbers since the incumbent took office. In politics, causation matters far less than results. Richard Nixon, for example, had little to do with putting a man on the moon. But he was the lucky president at the end of the phone line in 1969 when Neil Armstrong – an Ohio native – made a giant leap for mankind.
As is sometimes the case in political reporting, clever hypotheses do not survive their first contact with actual data. While Ohio's unemployment rate was over 10 percent during the run-up to Strickland's reelection, it is now 7.2 percent, nearly a percentage point below the national average. Working for Obama, as well, are results of the auto bailout in a state where more than 800,000 jobs are tied to the car industry. In a recent Washington Post poll, 64 percent of Ohio voters said that the federal loans to General Motors and Chrysler were mostly a good thing for state's economy.
Kasich, the son of a mail carrier, did not have Romney's problems in connecting with economically frightened voters. As Terry Casey, a longtime Kasich adviser deeply involved in the 2010 campaign puts it, “Because of John's blue-collar roots he didn't seem like a guy born with a silver spoon in his mouth.” While sorting out a governor's personal responsibility for the economic performance of his state requires a vast array of mathematical models, Casey boasts: “If Obama ends up winning, he should send a big thank-you note to John Kasich. Kasich may be the most valuable player in turning things around for Obama in Ohio.”
What often matters in politics is the trend line – and in Ohio, despite lingering misery, there appears to be a small uptick. When asked the are-you-better-off-than-four-years-ago question in the Quinnipiac/Times/CBS poll, 29 percent of Ohio voters said that their lives had improved and an equal number said that their personal situation had worsened.
In 1984, even though national unemployment was over 7 percent, Ronald Reagan could credibly run for reelection with a “morning in America” theme because economic growth had outpaced virtually all projections. The same may be true this year, to a lesser extent, for Obama in Ohio.
With roughly 1 million no-excuses-needed absentee ballots being mailed early next week to Ohio voters who requested them, the political clock begins ticking louder for Romney. The familiar remedy for a candidate who is trailing in the polls and dogged by an inconsistent message is to throw off the handlers and reveal himself. As upbeat GOP strategist Mark Weaver says: “Romney needs to spend more time in Ohio and speak from the heart. And he's beginning to do just that.”
The potential pitfall for Romney in Ohio, though, is the person behind the political veneer. As a Ohio Republican insider, who resisted my pleas to put this colorful metaphor on the record, told me, “Romney is a guy who is used to talking to the board of directors instead of the shareholders or the employees.”
When a presidential nominee is perceived by his own party as not being able to talk even to Americans wealthy enough to own stock, there are deep political problems from Lake Erie to the Ohio River.
House Speaker Paul D. Ryan says Republicans are "eager" to work with President-elect Donald Trump in fixing America's problems, after he was unanimously nominated for a second term as Speaker by Republican lawmakers. (Reuters)
House Speaker Paul D. Ryan says Republicans are "eager" to work with President-elect Donald Trump in fixing America's problems, after he was unanimously nominated for a second term as Speaker by Republican lawmakers. (Reuters)
“We're on the same page with our president-elect,” Paul Ryan said this week.
If he believes that, the young House speaker may be in need of a pair of Foster Grants.
On Wednesday afternoon, House Republicans from the hard-line Freedom Caucus assembled for the first time since the election for the monthly “Conversations with Conservatives.” In one hour, they served up enough intra-GOP disputes to last four years.
They differed with President-elect Donald Trump on a massive infrastructure bill that isn't funded by cuts elsewhere in the government.
They split with Senate Republicans, and potentially with Trump, on whether to repeal Obamacare in its entirety.
They warned Trump, and Ryan, that they would rebel against any attempt to increase spending before Trump takes office.
They split with the Senate GOP, and among themselves, on whether Republicans should use the “nuclear option” to abolish the filibuster.
They took positions at odds with Trump on entitlement programs and split with fellow House Republicans on returning lawmakers' ability to fund pet projects through earmarks.
They bitterly opposed efforts by some Republicans to protect Ryan from procedural vehicles for removing him from the speakership.
And, during their hour-long Q&A with reporters in a House hearing room, they signaled a potential donnybrook with Trump over executive power.
[Trump's secretary-of-state debacle in the making]
Carved on the moderator's lectern was an eagle and “E Pluribus Unum” seal. If Wednesday was any indication, the motto may become “E Pluribus Chaos.”
1 of 74 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Here's what president-elect Donald Trump has been doing after the election View Photos He has been holding interviews and meeting with Congress and the president as he prepares to transition into the White House. Caption He has been holding interviews and meetings as he prepares to enter the White House. Jan. 19, 2017 President-elect Donald Trump and his wife, Melania, visit the Lincoln Memorial before the “Make America Great Again” concert. Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
The Atlantic's Russell Berman asked whether House conservatives viewed the election as a mandate for Trump or for congressional Republicans.
“I haven't figured that out yet,” Rep. Raúl Labrador (R-Idaho) said, to laughter.
Labrador described three Republican factions: Ryan's “Wall Street Journal” wing, Trump's populist wing and, as potential kingmakers, the conservative ideologues. “Donald Trump didn't get the majority of the American vote. He got the majority of the electors,” Labrador said. “So he has a mandate where the American people are saying, ‘Let's move a little bit in that direction.' ”
Quite an endorsement.
For eight years, they were unified in opposition to President Obama. They were lockstep in opposition to Hillary Clinton's candidacy. But while it's relatively easy to oppose, they're discovering it's rather more difficult to govern. Intraparty fratricide looms.
Rep. Tim Huelskamp (R-Kan.), defeated in a primary, lamented that there's no Republican alternative to Obamacare to be enacted. “I wish our current [or] previous leadership would have had some debate in the committees and moved forward on some proposals,” he said.
Labrador had more questions than answers: “I don't know what the process is. . . . I don't know what all the answers are. . . . We're going to have to figure that out. . . . We need to figure out a way.” At one point he grew exasperated. “You guys are asking all these questions,” he protested. “You're not even giving him an opportunity to start with his transition to get a government in place.”
Labrador must have forgotten that he was the one who convened the meeting.
Rep. Louie Gohmert (R-Tex.) had a solution to intraparty confusion: He would answer each question with criticism of Clinton. Asked about the filibuster, Gohmert replied by alleging that Clinton would have abolished “at least four of the original 10 Bill of Rights.”
But Clinton is gone. The government belongs to Republicans, as Fox News's Chad Pergram gently reminded them. If they repeal Obamacare, “there's no guarantee that something comes up” to replace it, he said. “Then you run the risk of tossing 20 or 30 million people off health care and they blame your side.”
Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa) wasn't worried. People would still be “way better off” if nothing were passed to replace Obamacare, he said.
[On Day One, Trump should find these two measures on his desk]
Even during the transition, when party unity is typically high, the lawmakers showed little deference to Trump beyond pro forma pledges to work together. Otherwise, they were placing markers for the president-elect about where they stood.
On infrastructure spending: “If Trump doesn't find a way to pay for it, then at least a majority if not all of us will vote against it,” Labrador said. “Fiscal conservatives in the House will not support anything that's not paid for.”
On spending and debt-limit increases: “I think that's a very dangerous thing, especially for our conservative base,” said Rep. Tom Massie (R-Ky.)
On budget cutting: “Everything has to be on the table,” said Rep. Jim Jordan (R-Ohio). Trump has declared Social Security off-limits.
On suspicion that Ryan will “clean the barn” for Trump by pushing through new spending before Trump takes office: Rep. Matt Salmon (R-Ariz.) warned Ryan not to “come back” from his conversations with Trump “with a whole bunch of garbage that we're not going to like.”
Maybe they are on the same page — but in different hymnals.
Twitter: @Milbank
Read more from Dana Milbank's archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.
After a star turn in the Rugby Championship win over South Africa it seems the playmaker, at 28, has finally discovered a semblance of control in his game
Quade Cooper's rugby has a certain “look” to it. When he's bopping away at odd angles, ball in two hands, flicking it onto his boot or behind his back or dishing out passes for a hard charger off his hip, he moves in a singular, angular way. And you can't look away.
And that's before he starts to run. That's when it can get really funky. For when Cooper is in flight, jagging, head back like a Christmas turkey on a last dash for freedom, you don't know what might happen. Which way will he go? Will he kick? Will he pass? Will he step the giant back-rower, throw the ball backwards over his head and be flattened like roadkill?
Quade Cooper in a 'very good spot' after starring role in Wallabies' win Read more
When you don't know what Cooper's going to do, it's compelling viewing, you can't turn away. And rugby is a happy place.
Yet Cooper remains as maligned a figure as Australian rugby has had since James O'Connor declared himself (correctly, as it happens) a “brand”. And some people – 100% of whom, if you had to guess a percentage, would not have met the man – don't like him. Shane Watson, Michael Clarke and dear sweet Ricky Stuart could empathise. Some people, for whatever reason, are parodied, disliked, “hated”. And a cross-section of our community, given free rein in our anti-social media, can't help but pile in.
Yet with Australian rugby on a (relative, conservative, let's not crack open the '74 Grange Hermitage just yet) high after a six-point Test victory over South Africa in Brisbane (but in the current climate, you take what you get and roll about in it) as my carpenter granddad would say, “to buggery with these people, what have they ever done?”
And should Cooper keep up the form from Saturday night – and who knows if he can reprise that rock and roll stuff from 2011 when Queensland won the Super Rugby competition – he might even turn a few of his haters into love-you-long-timers.
Because version 4.1 of Cooper (or whatever the latest release is) still has that point of difference that can break down well-drilled defences. He's not as funky and scatty as Carlos Spencer, not as poised as Daniel Carter (who is?), and not as high-octane as Cooper version 1 with a mullet.
But it seems now that the man, at 28, owns a semblance of control. He's dialled back the really funky stuff and is playing as one part of the team, as the lynchpin. And like David Warner marrying a defensive tenet with his natural urge to go all-out at everything, he was one of Australia's best afield on Saturday night in Brisbane.
Michael Cheika's confidence in the man has instilled confidence in him. For some, it's all they need. A little love.
OK, steady on. He's not Mark Ella or Stephen Larkham redux, and the new dawn of Australian rugby isn't to bust out of his backside. But outside the World Cup romp against Uruguay, it was one of the man's best games in gold. And with a forward pack defensively staunch and strong at set piece, he was given a platform to do his thing. And his side were worthy victors 23-17 in a pretty good game of Test match rugby.
Granted the Springboks didn't offer a lot more than kicking it to the best man under the high ball in the world. And their attack led more to the counter variety than sweeping backline plays with multiple runners and options and speed men on the fly. And while fullback Johan Goosen has one of the great boots in world rugby – the Gilbert shoots off his laces like a mortar round from one of those T-shirt guns that killed Ned Flanders' wife Maude – it doesn't necessarily mean he has to use it.
And Bryan Habana is still on the wing. He's been playing professional since US forces captured Saddam Hussein, you can learn of it on Google.
Yet the Wallabies have the same … would you call it malaise? According to a quick poll of the dozen leather-heads on my WhatsApp chat, Australian rugby suffers from the same surfeit of sentimentality to the fine deeds by men past their use-by. Matt Giteau and Adam Ashley-Cooper have done super things. But in terms of building for a World Cup and blooding new bloods, surely you want more Reece Hodge and less Drew Mitchell.
So, what can be gleaned from the Wallabies' six-point win on a Suncorp surface made greasy by a two-hour storm pre-match? Hard to say. Though winners are grinners, as they say. They'd have been grinning pre-match by simple dint of not playing the All Blacks. To be continually measured against – and summarily flogged by – those people do little for confidence.
But credit to the Wallabies. Despite losing the previous six Tests, they maintained their attacking intent. Cooper was on the big screen pre-match telling fans the Wallabies don't ever promise they'll win a Test. But they do promise to do their very best, and play the rugby they like to play. The Australian way – have a go, even if you're a mug, you mug.
Elsewhere Cooper's pivot partner Bernard Foley kicked five-from-five, scored a tidy game-breaking try and threw an intercept pass to Adrian Strauss with all of Australia baying for the ball out wide. So, it was a slightly mixed night.
Wallabies play with energy and substance to defeat Springboks Read more
In addition to Strauss, something of an outlier, there was actually plenty to like about a few of the Springboks. Eben Etzebeth is a big hard-charger. Elton Jantjies has touches of class. And hooker Bongi Mbonambi is the size of a Kombi. And when all these people ran the ball in the Wallabies half they threatened. Another 10 minutes of running rugby and they might've broken through.
But there's the rub. They didn't do it often enough in the allotted period. In their own 22 it was only ever boot it out. Between 22 and half it was crash ball and bomb it high (to Israel Folau, who owns the air like Gina Rinehart owns earth. In the Wallabies half they tried a combination of all those things. So there was variety, per se. But against a committed Wallabies D-line, there was no way through. They didn't stretch Australia on the fringes nor bang at them up the guts. Their game plan was … not sure. Do your best.
Yet the Wallabies didn't flog the Springboks because the teams are actually quite close in terms of skill level. And defences are very well drilled. And penalties are given away to test referees' resolve.
But Australia, to coin a relatively-recent bit of pundit-speak “played all the rugby”. The Boks played some, too, but were largely content to pressure and counter and wait for things to happen. And continually testing the aerial excellence of Folau was madness and one reason they lost. Cooper was another.
With virtual reality (VR) technology in its infancy, it takes a certain amount of bravery to commit to developing a full blown videogame for head-mounted displays (HMD). Many developers have instead opted for experiences that place players in a world to try an capture the much-sought sense of presence. Fireproof Games isn't interested in that. The developer behind the popular The Room series wants to bring a full videogame to Samsung's Gear VR HMD and it's willing to tackle VR's limitations ‘head-on- in order to do it.
VRFocus spoke to Fireproof Games' Barry Meade at this year's EGX about Omega Agent, the upcoming jetpacked-based exploration title for Gear VR. In the interview below, Meade talks about developing for the recently-revealed HMD, the limitations of working with mobile and the chances of seeing the title pop up elsewhere in the future. VRFocus will continue to follow Omega Agent, reporting back with all the latest updates on the title's development.
VRFocus: What is Omega Agent?
Barry Meade: The story behind the game is a kind of 60's Bond style, super spy training game. At the moment you basically teach people how to use a jetpack, but that's just the backstory. The real meat of the game is we wanted to find a way to have players explore a VR world in an interesting way and also to give them the power to do it themselves because we noticed a lot of the demos that we've seen and heard about are all on-rails or all very linear. So we wanted to sort of open that up more and do an open world and break out of that sort of thing.
So it's a lot harder, what we're trying to do, because there are more challenges with giving people perfect freedom in the VR world. But the idea of it was that VR itself is so special that we wanted to make a game where the design didn't get in the way of the VR. Because the VR is the star the flying around the city is really the main draw for the game and we basically tried to create a game that allows the player to move around the world in an interesting way.
VRFocus: So why decide to go with VR?
Barry Meade: We basically were at GDC this year. We were invited by Oculus to have a look at Gear VR and we just thought it was a great device and we got very excited about that because it's potentially a lot more of a consumer focused device than the Oculus Rift which is for PC gamers like us, whereas with Gear VR their plan is to just get it into people's hands and let people play with it. It's a lot easier to do that with a wireless mobile VR experience than it is with a PC networked wired experience.
There was also the love of the device. We had a go on the device and thought ‘this is really, really good'. So it's just an experiment, we don't know it's going to go, we don't know how it's going to be received, we don't know if it's going to sell anything. But we just wanted to do something in VR and we didn't really know how to do it on PC and Oculus because we're a small company and we don't have the resources to do a titanic graphical experience. So we went for something much more simple and direct that we hope celebrates VR rather than trying to do anything too clever.
VRFocus: So it's running on Oculus Rift here. Could we see it release on the platform after Gear VR?
Barry Meade: Yeah, that's pretty much it. We're certainly keeping it in mind anyway. If it goes well and people like the game, and you know actually coming to Eurogamer is one of those forums the helps us decide how this is going to go so it's really interesting to watch people playing for that reason.
VRFocus: How have you found developing on Oculus compared to Gear VR?
Barry Meade: Well this game was purpose built for Gear VR so it's very mobile-focused. It's running on Oculus now but it's identical to the Gear VR version in every way from framerate to resolution to content to everything about it. This is the Gear VR version, we're just using the Oculus goggles on PC because we haven't got enough dev kits to go around. Technically we can't show the dev kit off in public so we've had to use the Oculus.
So you could argue it's a joint development anyway, right? Because we're using Unity and Unity allows us to do PC version fairly easily without too much effort. So yeah, that's kind of what it is and we would like to see it on platforms for sure.
VRFocus: How is development on Gear VR going? It's clearly a powerful device if you're able now show this running on PC and have them as comparable experiences.
Barry Meade: Well there's still huge limitations. A mobile device can't push the polys and just doesn't have the number crunching aspect of PCs so in that respect it's drastically different. It's much more like developing for an old-style console. I mean to us, having been doing it for many many years, we actually quite enjoy the limitations of the hardware and enjoy the fact that you can't do too much with it. Because it allows us to then get creative with how to push up against those boundaries and how to subvert them in a way.
And so for instance, doing an open world city-based game on VR, everyone said we were crazy to do it. So that's a sign maybe. We wanted to do something a bit difficult and a bit different to what everyone else is doing, and we're doing something we were kind of told not to do in a way. Find a way to make a proper game out of VR instead of just the VR experience like everyone else is doing. We wanted to do something that actually feels and looks and plays like a videogame.
VRFocus: What are the challenges you've encountered trying to make this into a full game instead of an experience?
Barrey Meade: I think we push up again the hardware limits a lot more than other people do. Because it's open world, because of the nature and the freedom of the game. I mean we're really making the hardware scream to make this game. So we're in this ironic situation where the strength of the game is also its weakness, because it makes our life a lot more difficult. Because you just have to imagine, it's a mobile device, it's a very powerful mobile device, but it's never going to be as powerful as an average PC so we just have to work around that. And that's why we're coming up with a game idea and a world that just really suits the strengths and weaknesses of the Gear VR hardware.
VRFocus: So what kind of content can we expect in terms of length and variety?
Barry Meade: We don't actually know that fully yet, because it's still an experiment really. We always approach our videogames as experiments in that we have some ideas, see if they work. If they don't we change them and take them out, try something else, try something new. So whenever we're developing a game we don't really know what the shape of it will look like at the end because we come at it from the approach that game ideas should be based on how good it is to play and how good it feels to play.
So we always sort of make it up as we go along, I suppose you could say. And then what that allows us to do it make the right decisions for the game instead of saying to ourselves ‘well we have this awesome idea, let's make only that idea'. Instead we start off with something simple and we just play with it and see what ideas are suggested by the software itself. Anyway, that's a roundabout way of saying we don't know exactly what content will be in there but the stuff you see in the demo today which has some exploration stuff, physics based puzzle stuff and also a little bit of shooting, that's pretty much going to be the core of the game. A mixture of all of those things. We want to make it a lot about exploration and moving through the VR world, making that interesting for people.
VRFocus: When we previewed the title in Germany, it made us quite motion sick. Is that something that you're finding in-house and addressing?
Barry Meade: We found it. We knew even before we started it that that was going to be the case and we weren't intimidated by that. So yeah, we're in the situation like everyone else is where a lot of our team can't play VR for too long. So that's kind of an interesting challenge but that's good. It keeps us conscious of that all the time. So what we're trying to do with the game is that we're going to put in options for the player themselves, where they can switch on aids that will reduce the motion sickness.
So I don't get motion sick so I'll play it full fat but others – I don't know if you've noticed but there's like a grid system in the sky. So all of these things are like aids you can turn on to help with the motion sickness and that's something we want to pay a lot of attention to in the future now. We want to make as many people as possible able to play the game so we're going to do all we can to make that just as enjoyable for everybody. But the nature of VR is that if you play it for too long you will get sick anyway. So there's only so much we can do to help people.
And like I said, we purposefully chose a game idea that was going to run head-long into these problems. But we thought that's a challenge and we like that challenge so we're going to give it a go and see what happens.
VRFocus: So are we thinking near launch for Gear VR?
Barry Meade: Launch-ish. Again, we haven't fully finalised that. I mean the launch itself, the dates are known but there are still some bits of it that are up in the air. So it's unknown exactly when the date is but it will hopefully be by the end of the year is when we're trying to get it out for.
VRFocus: Other headsets? Project Morpheus?
Barry Meade: Yeah, if it works and the audience likes it enough then any platform we can.
Jason Reed / REUTERS Tom Wheeler
U.S. President Barack Obama named prominent venture capitalist Tom Wheeler as his nominee to be the new chairman of the Federal Communications Commission, as expected. In a brief White House ceremony on Wednesday, Obama said that Wheeler will help give “businesses and workers the tools they need to compete in the 21st century economy.” Obama added that Wheeler is “the only member of both the cable television and the wireless industry hall of fame.” Wheeler, a former top cable and wireless industry lobbyist, raised more than $700,000 for Obama's two presidential election campaigns.
Last month, TIME reported that Wheeler, 67, was the front-runner for the top FCC job. On Wednesday, Obama made it official. Referring to Wheeler's lengthy experience as a lobbyist for two of the industries he will now be regulating, Obama joked that his nominee is “like the Jim Brown or Bo Jackson of telecom.” Earlier in his career, Wheeler served as president of the National Cable Television Association (NCTA) and CEO of the Cellular Telecommunications & Internet Association (CTIA). Since his last job as a lobbyist in 2004, Wheeler has been a technology entrepreneur and executive at D.C.-based firm Core Capital Partners, which manages about $350 million.
(MORE: Tom Wheeler, Former Lobbyist and Obama Loyalist, Seen as FCC Frontrunner)
Wheeler also “bundled” at least $700,000 in contributions to President Obama's campaigns over the last two presidential election cycles, according to the Center for Responsive Politics — a fact that Obama neglected to mention during his announcement on Wednesday. Of course, Wheeler wouldn't be the first major campaign supporter that Obama tapped to lead the FCC. Outgoing FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski, a former Harvard Law School chum of the president, was also a major campaign bundler for Obama. Wheeler did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
If confirmed by the U.S. Senate, Wheeler will confront several knotty issues. The FCC is currently weighing new rules about media ownership, and preparing for a complex wireless spectrum auction aimed at freeing up airwaves for consumer use. The agency also faces a closely watched legal challenge over its authority to enforce the “Open Internet” rules that are at the basis of net neutrality, the idea that broadband providers shouldn't discriminate against rival services. In that lawsuit, telecom giant Verizon claims that the FCC overstepped its legal authority. The outcome of the case could have major implications for the FCC's power to regulate broadband internet service.
Wheeler's nomination presents a conundrum for public interest groups. On the one hand, Wheeler is a consummate D.C. insider who ran two major industry groups and raised hundreds of thousands of dollars for Obama. These facts make some in the public interest community suspicious, because they reinforce the stereotype that D.C.'s most desirable jobs tend to go to those with the best industry and administration connections.
On the other hand, Wheeler is well-liked and widely respected in tech policy circles. “He's good people,” said a former Obama administration official. “Give him a chance.” Wheeler is not just a top Obama bundler, he's a true believer. Wheeler and his wife Carol spent six weeks in 2008 campaigning for Obama in Iowa, where they worked the phones and knocked on doors for the candidate.
(MORE: FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski Stepping Down After Contentious Term)
Many in the public interest community are indeed willing to give Wheeler a chance. “As someone who has known Tom for years, I believe that he will be an independent, proactive Chairman who will not allow the FCC to become irrelevant as broadband becomes the dominant mode of communication in this country,” said Gigi Sohn, president of the D.C.-based public interest group Public Knowledge. “I have no doubt that we will disagree with Tom at times. But I also have no doubt that Tom will have an open door and an open mind, and that ultimately his decisions will be based on what he genuinely believes is best for the public interest, not any particular industry.”
Others in the public interest community aren't so sure. “The Federal Communications Commission needs a strong leader — someone who will use this powerful position to stand up to industry giants and protect the public interest,” said Free Press president and CEO Craig Aaron. “On paper, Tom Wheeler does not appear to be that person, having headed not one but two major trade associations. But he now has the opportunity to prove his critics wrong, clean up the mess left by his predecessor, be the public servant we so badly need at the FCC.”
Last month, Wheeler received a major boost when several prominent former Obama administration officials wrote a letter to the president supporting his candidacy. “Tom has had an impressive career in the telecommunications and high-tech field that makes him eminently qualified for this position,” the officials wrote. “He understands the importance of reclaiming the pro-competition, pro-innovation, pro-growth regulatory ideal.” The letter's signatories included Susan Crawford, former Special Assistant to the President for Science, Technology and Innovation Policy. Crawford, currently a professor at Cardozo School of Law, is widely respected by the public interest community, and is the author of Captive Audience: The Telecom Industry and Monopoly in the New Guilded Age.
(MORE: As FCC Chief's Term Nears End, Speculation Grows Over Possible Successor)
The largest cable and telecom companies — and their top lobbyists — welcomed Wheeler's nomination. “With his significant experience in both the private and public sector, Tom is an exceptional choice to lead the Commission during a time when the telecommunications marketplace is experiencing significant innovation and incredible change,” said Michael Powell, president and CEO of the National Cable & Telecommunications Association. Powell, a former FCC chairman, is the cable industry's top lobbyist in Washington, D.C.
Steve Largent, the wireless industry's top D.C. lobbyist, was also effusive. “On behalf of the wireless industry, we congratulate Tom on today's announcement,” Largent said. “With his significant experience in both the private and public sector, Tom is an exceptional choice to lead the Commission during a time when the telecommunications marketplace is experiencing significant innovation and incredible change.”
Wheeler has been the FCC front-runner for months, as TIME reported in February. By virtually all accounts, he's well-liked in D.C. and highly respected in the cable and telecom industry. The question is whether he's ready for the intense public scrutiny that comes with being a nominee for chairman of the FCC. And more importantly, whether he's ready to assume command of the U.S. agency that regulates the tech, telecom, cable and wireless industries, on behalf of the public.
You can download the application by clicking here
Dropbox Support
Overview
It doesn't really have many features to be honest, it allows you to specify what you want to backup, and the option to delete your super-huge TGA files to save some space.
Because I'm a nice guy, I'd never consider charging for this, and it's also open source so if you want, jump on over to the BitBucket Repo
Today I wasn't really doing anything, and had seen that someone on Twitter was looking for the easier way to backup their Minecraft Files and Folders. So I decided to do something about it. Out came Visual Studio and from that came "Minecraft Backup". Although not named awesomely, it does exactly what it says on the tin. After a few hours of coding, and testing and then coding again. I think it's finally done.It doesn't really have many features to be honest, it allows you to specify what you want to backup, and the option to delete your super-huge TGA files to save some space.Because I'm a nice guy, I'd never consider charging for this, and it's also open source so if you want, jump on over to theand you can download the source. I'd love your comments, thoughts and possibly feature integration. I'm happy to continue developing it and adding more features to it, I just can't really think of anything else at the moment.
Read me / Features
You can download the application by clicking here
Change log
Update (14/07/2011):
Changes to the Interface
Added the ability to add/remove the resources from the backup
Restructured the file names to reflect what is in the backup.
Update (15/07/2011):
Added Restore/Rollback Feature.
Fixed a few spelling mistakes
Update (07/08/2011):
Added lastlogin and options.txt files to backup.
Update (07/08/2011):
Automated backups at a timed interval.
Changes Tab Order.
Renamed some Tabs.
Update (29/08/2011):
Dropbox support added.
Update (29/08/2011):
Fixed Dropbox messages with automatic backups.
Disables Dropbox option if it cannot find the Dropbox Folder.
Virus Reports:
You can download the application by clicking here
Download the Java SE Development Kit 7 from Sun. If you are trying to learn Java you shouldn't use an IDE. Otherwise, you learn the IDE instead of learning Java. I generally use the JDK for all of my Java work. It is possible that once you have installed the JDK, everything will work fine as is. If you are not one of the lucky ones, you may need to adjust your PATH and CLASSPATH environment variables. Instructions are included with the JDK and help specific to you can be obtained at the campfire in the Cattle Drive (java college) forum. I put all of my stuff into a directory called java (off of my root, C:\, in Windows and off of my home directory in unix). On my Windows machine, my PATH includes "C:\jdk6\BIN;C:\jdk6\JRE\BIN". and my CLASSPATH is set to ".;C:\JAVA" (notice the dot before the first semicolon) Here is a program that you can cut and paste to make sure that you have everything set up correctly. Make sure you put it into a file called HelloWorld.java (case is important! even on Windows computers): public class HelloWorld { public static void main( String[] args ) { System.out.println("hello world!"); } } Make sure that you paste this into a text editor (like notepad) and not a word processor. A word processor will stick a bunch of extra formatting text into the file. Pull up a console (DOS) or terminal window and put the HelloWorld.java file into your java directory. Make the java directory your current directory. Type javac HelloWorld.java and press enter. Remember: case is still very important, even on Windows computers. If the program compiles without flaw, you will get your command prompt back. Otherwise, go to the Cattle Drive (java college) forum and tell us what went wrong. To run your program, type java HelloWorld and press enter. You should then see "hello world!" on your screen. If you don't, post a message on the Cattle Drive (java college) forum.
Before “sequestration” took effect, the Obama administration issued specific — and alarming — predictions about what it would bring. There would be one-hour waits at airport security. Four-hour waits at border crossings. Prison guards would be furloughed for 12 days. FBI agents, up to 14.
At the Pentagon, the military health program would be unable to pay its bills for service members. The mayhem would extend even into the pantries of the neediest Americans: Around the country, 600,000 low-income women and children would be denied federal food aid.
But none of those things happened.
Sequestration did hit, on March 1. And since then, the $85 billion budget cut has caused real reductions in many federal programs that people depend on. But it has not produced what the Obama administration predicted: widespread breakdowns in crucial government services.
The Washington Post recently checked 48 of those dire predictions about sequestration's impact. Just 11 have come true, and some effects are worse than forecast. But 24 predictions have not come to pass. In 13 cases, agencies said it is too soon to know.
So many predictions fell short because, in recent months, the administration and Congress did what was supposed to be impossible: They undid many of sequestration's scariest reductions. In the process, this supposedly ironclad budget cut — ostensibly immune to political maneuvering — became a symbol of the reality that nothing in Washington is beyond politics.
In some cases, politicians transferred cuts from high-value programs to lower-value ones. Employee travel was limited. Maintenance deferred.
But in other cases, they found “cuts” that didn't cause much real-world pain. The Justice Department, for instance, prevented furloughs by “cutting” $300 million in money that had already legally expired, as well as $45 million meant to house detainees who didn't exist.
This is why the sky didn't fall. Sequestration was intended to show there was no longer any escape from austerity in Washington.
There was.
“The dog barked. But it didn't bite,” said Robert L. Bixby of the Concord Coalition, which pushes for fiscal responsibility in Washington. Bixby said he worries that this budget maneuvering will eventually backfire.
After all, sequestration is not finished, and another round of cuts is coming in October. “Next time you warn about those things, people just say, ‘Yeah, sure,' and write it off as political hype,” Bixby said. “There is that danger.”
Sequestration had been drawn up as a “dumb” cut — it would slash accounts at many federal agencies equally. There would be no gaming the system. No getting out.
It “won't consider whether we're cutting some bloated program that has outlived its usefulness or a vital service that Americans depend on every single day,” President Obama said on Feb. 19, decrying sequestration as a “meat-cleaver approach.” “It doesn't make those distinctions.”
Now, however, it does.
The Post found enormous variation among the outcomes of those administration predictions. In 13 cases, the results were unclear. Almost four months after sequestration took effect, the agencies could not, or would not, say if the predictions were coming true.
In 11 cases, sequestration turned out to be as bad as advertised, or worse.
The Labor Department had predicted that emergency unemployment benefits for the long-term unemployed would be cut by 9.4 percent. But in some states, the reductions have been larger: 11 percent. For an individual, that could mean $450 less in benefits this year.
At the Pentagon, officials had predicted that they would reduce training for the Army, flying time for the Air Force and ship deployments for the Navy. They did all three. “It's extremely hard to show a degradation in our readiness, although we feel it deeply across the force,” Pentagon spokeswoman Beth Robbins said.
Across the government, more than 125,000 employees have been furloughed from the Environmental Protection Agency, the Department of Housing and Urban Development, the Internal Revenue Service, and other agencies. About 650,000 Defense Department civilians will start taking 11 unpaid days next week. Public defenders are losing up to 15 days of pay.
In 24 cases, however, The Post's review showed that the predictions were wrong — sequestration had not lived up to the administration's alarms.
That included some cases in which furloughs were threatened but then reduced or eliminated. Customs and Border Protection agents, for example, faced up to 14 unpaid days before the Department of Homeland Security shifted money around last month to avoid the furloughs.
Administration officials say they didn't exaggerate sequestration's effects on purpose. They believed it would be that bad. But then they got unexpected help from Capitol Hill.
“Subsequent to those estimates, Congress took action that changed a number of things,” an administration official said. The official was made available by the administration on the condition that the official speak anonymously.
So this is how Washington took the scare out of the sequester: In some cases, agencies dug into their budgets and found millions they could spare. In other cases, Congress passed a law that allocated new funds or shifted money around. In others, lawmakers signed off on an agency's proposal to “reprogram” its money.
In the process, the “meat cleaver” of sequestration often became a scalpel. It spared crucial programs but cut second-tier priorities such as maintenance, information technology, employee travel and scientific conferences.
At the U.S. Geological Survey, for instance, officials had said they would have to shut off 350 gauges that provide crucial predictions of impending floods. They didn't. The real number is less than 90. What was cut instead?
For one thing, $2.7 million in conference expenses have been chopped since February.
“That's where science gets done, at those meetings. That's where you present your preliminary results,” said Jerad Bales, the agency's chief scientist for water. One example: Bales said the government spends about $1,000 per scientist who goes to an annual conference in San Francisco.
Last time, it sent 469 scientists. The attendance for this fall's conference has not been set, but Bales guessed it would be more like 350, for a cost of $350,000. “We are not investing in the future,” Bales said.
In other cases, however, budget maneuvers made sequestration even less painful. It wasn't a cleaver. It wasn't a scalpel. It was more like liposuction — carefully removing the things that would be missed the least.
The Justice Department, for instance, cut more than $300 million in what it called “expired balances.” In essence, this was money that had been allocated to the department in past years but wasn't spent. When those years ended, the money expired; without Congress's permission, it generally couldn't be spent on anything new.
But, with Congress's permission, it could still be “cut.”
So, instead of saving money by furloughing FBI agents and prison guards, the department lost only what it wasn't free to spend anyway.
“It really was a loophole that allowed the Justice Department to largely escape the consequences of sequester,” said Scott Lilly, a former congressional staffer who works at the liberal Center for American Progress. “It's a good thing that they got past it. But it also sort of nixed this whole notion that everybody's being treated the same — and everybody's having to tighten their belt in the same way.”
At the Federal Aviation Administration, Congress found a similarly painless cut. Furloughs were looming for air-traffic controllers. Travel delays were expected to pile up.
But they didn't. Congress prevented the furloughs by substituting another “cut.” It took $253 million from the FAA's Airport Improvement Program, which gives grants to airports (among the longtime recipients: Lake Murray State Park Airport in Oklahoma, which was eligible for $150,000 per year, despite averaging one takeoff and one landing per week).
But the FAA's loss wasn't as bad as it sounds: The grantees that were entitled to this money had already told the government they didn't need it this year. They didn't have anything immediate to spend it on. The FAA might still, however, have given it to somebody else.
At the Department of Homeland Security, officials had predicted that there would be insufficient space to hold detained illegal immigrants. It was one of four Homeland Security predictions that didn't come true; another one, about cutbacks at the Coast Guard, did.
What was cut instead? Some things that hurt: Maintenance. Employee bonuses. Hiring.
And some things that didn't.
The department, for example, cut $7.8 million for a grant program that helped prepare for disasters. But it told Congress that this program had $36 million waiting in the bank, “neither dedicated to a project nor an activity.” And it said the program was duplicative, anyway. Other federal programs were already doing the same thing. “There is no impact from this reduction because of the duplication,” the department told Congress.
At smaller agencies, predictions also turned out to be wrong. U.S. Park Police officers were supposed to have 12 furlough days. They took three. The National Park Service found $4 million in savings in its budget.
It was, in sum, a remarkable disappearing act.
The Obama administration still gives credence to estimates that sequestration might cost the country up to 750,000 jobs. Research by Goldman Sachs has shown declines in federal payrolls and layoffs at defense contractors.
But sequestration has not become a daily hassle for most Americans, and its effects on the economy have been softened by a stronger job market and low interest rates.
“It was more the unquantified predictions of calamity by politicians that were wrong,” said Jim O'Sullivan, chief U.S. economist for High Frequency Economics, a research firm.
But now, the Obama administration will seek to make the threat reappear. In October, when the new fiscal year begins, so will another round of sequestration. The administration expects a $109 billion cut.
This time, it says, there will be fewer ways to soften its impact. Many of the easier trims have already been made. The White House is again pressing Congress to agree on a broader budget deal, and replace the sequester, before October comes.
The problem is, officials said all that before.
“Their credibility — I don't want to say it's shot, but it's definitely diminished,” said Rep. Jeff Duncan (R-S.C.), who chairs a House subcommittee that has oversight over Homeland Security and has examined its sequestration predictions. “They're going to have a hard time doing that, when they had the doomsday scenario, and the sky didn't fall.”
Survey says: Businesses need Linux IT pros, they need them now, and they're willing to pay real money to get them.
The 2013 Linux Jobs Report survey, which was conducted by the Linux Foundation and Dice, the self-proclaimed #1 technology job board, found that hiring managers from corporations, small and medium businesses (SMBs), government, and staffing agencies want Linux professionals — and they want them now.
In particular, this survey of 850 hiring managers and 2,600 Linux professionals found:
93-percent of hiring managers say they will hire a Linux pro in the next six months, an increase from 89 percent in 2012.
More hiring managers in 2013 say that finding Linux talent is difficult — nine out of 10 in 2013; eight out of 10 in 2012 — underscoring the opportunity for tech professionals who know Linux.
Systems administrators are the most sought-after Linux pros according to hiring managers, representing the growth of Linux in the enterprise to support cloud computing and Big Data. This is followed by developers and development and operations (DevOps) specialists.
Seventy-five percent of Linux professionals surveyed have received at least one call from a recruiter in the last six months. These professionals are being pursued by employers offering above average salaries and bonuses. Salaries of Linux professionals jumped 9 percent this year, far out-pacing the 5 percent increase in tech salaries overall (which was the biggest jump in a decade), according to the Dice Salary Survey
In general, Dice has found that, on average, tech professionals earn annual wages of $85,619. . Salaries for Linux pros are well above the average tech salary nationwide, coming in at $90,853. According to Dice, "That [also] represents a 9-percent jump, far outpacing the 5 percent jump in tech salaries overall."
"The improvement in hiring intent from last year's sky high levels shows that Linux professionals are in a job market of their own. For Linux professionals, the trend is your friend – make sure you are taking advantage of this market's career opportunities,” said Alice Hill, Managing Director of Dice.com and President, Dice Labs in a statement.
"The unprecedented demand for Linux professionals represents the growth across industries and the increasing relevance of the collaborative development model,” said Amanda McPherson, VP of marketing and developer programs at The Linux Foundation in a statement. “The 2013 Linux Jobs Report shows that there is unlimited opportunity for college graduates and technology professionals who want to pursue careers in Linux."
Dice and the Foundation also report that employers are looking for experienced workers. "Three to five years is the consistent sweet spot for work experience, with 73 percent of respondents looking for candidates with this level of experience, followed by seeking out professionals with six to nine years of experience"
This is great news if you have some experience, but it's leading to troubling news if you want to hire someone with proven Linux abilities. In an IT job market where Dice has found that 80 percent of U.S. employees plan to stay put at their current jobs, 35-percent of Linux staffers are really to go to greener job pastures. Seventy-four percent of those looking to move are willing to jump for a higher salary while 61 percent would like better work/life balance and 47 percent could be tempted by a flexible work schedule or telecommuting.
Why is Linux so hot? That's an easy question to answer. According to Dice, "Linux is increasingly becoming an essential part of modern day computing, powering everything from mobile devices to enterprise management to consumer electronics. As a result, the professionals who know how to harness its powers are maintaining their own dominance at the top of the IT job market."
To that, I can only add that if you look around, you'll see Linux everywhere. It powers the Web sites you visit, many of the smartphones around you, and increasingly big businesses, which rely upon it for servers and Big Data Linux in one form or another. Linux is becoming the dominant operating system and that means that's also where the jobs are.
Related Stories:
Matt Jones, left, has struggled in recent weeks. (Jonathan Newton/The Washington Post)
The Washington Redskins hoped to receive starting center Kory Lichtensteiger back at some point during the second half of the season, but that's no longer the case. He's been placed on injured reserve with a designation to return if the Redskins make the playoffs. So that leaves Washington with the same issue it has had over the past four games dealing with the running game — how can a team that ran the ball so well at the start of the season get back to its identity?
That's a tricky answer, given the remaining personnel available. Lichtensteiger was the second offensive lineman placed on injured reserve, along with left guard Shawn Lauvao, leaving the team with an interior core of Spencer Long at left guard, Josh LeRibeus at center and rookie Brandon Scherff at right guard. LeRibeus was the only player with previous starting experience heading into the season, and it was one start at guard last year before he transitioned to center during the offseason.
Unlike the passing game, an NFL offense needs all 11 players on the same page to establish a successful ground game. If there's one blown assignment during a rush attempt, it'll likely take something spectacular to avoid a negative play. If that doesn't happen, well, the results will look like what the Redskins have done over the past four games. They've averaged just 2.2 yards per carry in the span for a four-game total of 172 rushing yards.
[You had questions, Mike Jones has answers in the mailbag]
Gruden said defenses haven't defended the run differently over the past four games, but he noted the inexperience along the offensive line and a rookie running back in Matt Jones as reasons why the team has relied on quarterback Kirk Cousins's arm more lately.
“We have a center that just started playing,” Gruden said. “We have a right guard that's a rookie and a right tackle who just started playing, too. We have some young people. We have a left guard that just started playing. This is his second year, but really his first year playing at left guard. We have a rookie running back. We have a tight end [Derek Carrier] that just got here five or six weeks ago and Jordan Reed, who is more of a pass-catching tight end.
“We aren't exactly one cohesive unit, a finished product yet. We're working towards that. We're going to get to that, but we still have some things we're going to work out from a youth standpoint.”
Some will think it's Gruden making another excuse, but he has a solid point, and the absence of veterans along the line hasn't helped the offense at all. The team averaged 4.06 rushing yards per carry with Lichtensteiger and 2.37 yards without him in the lineup, per ESPN Stats & Info. The Redskins lacked quality backups along the offensive line heading into the season and their interior depth has been tested over the past two months. As much as Jones has displayed flashes out of the backfield, he lost his third fumble this season on Sunday against the New England Patriots. Alfred Morris hasn't been effective in his limited role recently, and Carrier and Reed haven't done a good job in run-blocking situations this season.
No matter what adjustments they make on a weekly basis, this is what the Redskins have to work with. Yes, they have left tackle Trent Williams, but he can't block all 11 guys alone. Washington must hope its young linemen develop some continuity quickly, or else we'll continue to see some really ineffective run plays over the next eight weeks.
All in a day's work
Opposing perspective
In this video breakdown, the Saints started fast but quickly fizzled against the Tennessee Titans on Sunday.
Opposing beat writer to follow
Larry Holder is a sports columnist for The Times-Picayune and his timeline has nothing but Saints news and nuggets.
Opposing QB rating vs. Saints 112.0. It's like the Saints are facing Tom Brady every week. His QB rating is 113.5. — Larry Holder (@LarryHolder) November 9, 2015
NFC East standings
New York Giants (5-4) vs. New England Patriots
Philadelphia Eagles (4-4) vs. Miami Dolphins
Washington Redskins (3-5) vs. New Orleans Saints
Dallas Cowboys (2-6) at Tampa Bay Buccaneers
Today's schedule
The Redskins will begin practice at 11:35 a.m., then it will be followed by podium appearances from Gruden and Cousins. The media will also talk to Saints Coach Sean Payton and quarterback Drew Brees via conference calls later this afternoon.
Master Tesfatsion begins weekday mornings on The Insider with a quick take on the Redskins, and catches you up on everything you missed.
Advertisement Thousands gathered to pay tribute at Greenville police officer's funeral Officer Allen Jacobs shot near Swamp Rabbit Trail Share Copy Link Copy
Law enforcement officers from the Upstate and around the country and members of the community gathered Thursday for the funeral for Officer Allen Jacobs.Video of officers gathering outside funeral | Video of officers arrive at Furman for funeral | Pictures throughout the day Jacobs was shot and killed at about 12:30 p.m. Friday. The suspect then killed himself, according to Greenville Police Chief Ken Miller.Jacobs' funeral began at 11 a.m. in Timmons Arena at Furman University. It ended around noon. An estimated 4,000 people attended the service. Several of Jacobs' co-workers shared stories of what it was like to work with Jacobs' and what kind of man he was. To hear his supervisor, Sergeant Ed Irick, talk about working with him, click here.Police Chaplain Monty Carter called Jacobs' a "kid at heart." To hear more of his remarks, click here. Police Chaplain Monty Carter, Sgt. Ed Irick, Lt. Scott Key and Rev. Thomas Young spoke at the funeral.Dr. David Parker and Elizabeth Doss were the soloists. Ellen Shearer and Duane Ream were the pianists.To see the casket arriving, click here.Jacobs' graveside service was held at Coleman Memorial Cemetery in Travelers Rest.His parents and wife, who is expecting their daughter in July, joined his sons, Michael and Dillon, at the service. The boys were wearing police uniforms and hats.Video of processional Part 1 | Part 2Graveside flyoverBefore the funeral Prior to the funeral hundreds of officers gathered at Timmons Arena and then made their way to Furman University. Firefighters from Duncan Chapel Fire Department hung an American flag on a ladder truck and parked it on a bridge at Old Buncombe Road and Poinsett Highway.Firefighters saluted as officers drove to the funeral. Jacobs' badge number was painted on a field at Furman ahead of the funeral. Officer Allen Jacobs' Visitation Officers and members of the community gathered in the Charles Ezra Daniel Memorial Chapel on Furman University's campus at the visitation for Jacobs on Wednesday. Video of casket arriving at visitation According to Mackey Mortuary, close to 600 people attended the public visitation.To watch the story, click HERE.Former U.S. Marshal and Greenville County Sheriff Johnny Mack Brown was there."Every time an officer is killed, Greenville loses its innocence a little bit more," he said. "You never really get over it. The agency moves on, but you never really get over it."Sydney Cooke, who has no personal ties to Jacobs, stopped by with her husband and young daughter."For me, as a mother of a young child - I only have one - my heart goes out to his wife," Cooke told WYFF New 4. "I think it's really amazing to see Greenville and the larger Greenville community come together to support her and other people who are really out there risking their lives."Several officers from Aurora, Colorado, Chicago and New York City attended the visitation.Ben Taylor, an officer with the NYPD, said an organization called "Brotherhood for the Fallen" sponsored his trip and others' to attend the services."It's a nationwide tragedy," Taylor said. "The brotherhood is so strong because we know that this could happen to any of us at any point in time."Pictures of the community response, click here. Community mourningDozens gathered for a vigil to honor Jacobs in Cleveland Park near Julie Valentine Memorial on Tuesday night. For more coverage on the vigil, click here. On Monday night, the Spartanburg County Sheriff's Office unveiled its traveling memorial. The memorial honors fallen officers from across South Carolina. Jacobs' name has been added to the memorial. One of the speakers at the dedication said "we will never forget our brothers and sisters sacrifice and will always provide over watch while this memorial is on display. "On Friday night, police moved Jacobs' patrol car where it is being used as a public gathering spot for flowers and other memorials.Just before 7 a.m. Monday, Greenville police officers gathered and bowed their heads in front of Jacobs' squad car on Stone Avenue in front of the Law Enforcement Center.To see video of the gathering, click here.A short time later, EMS workers surrounded the car to honor Jacobs. To see video of the gathering, click here. A tribute for Jacobs was Sunday night. More than 1,500 luminaries were placed on sidewalks, along driveways and on porches in Jacobs' neighborhood."We did it because we want to respect their privacy and their time to grieve but we also want to show them that we're here and that we support them,” said Kenia Perez, who is the wife of a former officer.Jacobs was also remembered Saturday night at the Travelers Rest Christ Fellowship Church.Close friends of Jacobs were in attendance.Jacobs was shot and killed Friday afternoon by a teenager who then killed himself. (Full story on the shooting)To see pictures from the scene of the shooting, click here.To see a Sky 4 video of police at the location of the shooting, click hereWatch Chief Miller's news conference from the day of the shooting: Pt. 1| Pt. 2| Pt. 3To see pictures of the memorial, click here. Upstate subdivision lined with luminaries, click here.Jacobs was an Iraq War veteran who received numerous medals and commendations for his service. He was 28 and had two sons. His wife is pregnant. (Full bio of Officer Jacobs)Jacobs was awarded a Purple Heart from GPD last year. He was hit by a car while on duty in May 2014. (Full story on incident that led to award)At a news conference Friday, Miller said “I've come to know this officer and his work ethic, and found him to be an extraordinary officer and person.”3858472038584764
Britain's economy is tipping headlong into a recession that could last more than a year and cost hundreds of thousands of jobs, warns Professor David Blanchflower, a member of the Bank of England's interest rate committee, in an interview with the Guardian today.
Blanchflower says the Bank must cut interest rates rapidly to prevent the downturn being too painful, and thinks the UK could be in for a worse time than even the United States, where interest rates have already been slashed and taxes cut to stimulate the economy.
The economist said the recent rises in unemployment are "the tip of the iceberg". The number of people out of work and claiming benefit is 840,000 but the broader measure of unemployment is 1.6 million, 5.2% of the workforce. Blanchflower said it could climb to more than 7% - a figure that would mean several hundred thousand people losing their jobs.
His warning comes days after the chancellor acknowledged that the slowdown could be "profound" and hinted he would change the Treasury's fiscal rules as the slowing economy looks set to bust them.
Today a leading thinktank, the Ernst & Young Item Club, says the economic outlook for Britain is like a "horror movie" as a result of the credit crunch and tumbling house prices.
Blanchflower has been voting for interest rates cuts for nine months but is unhappy that the other eight members of the monetary policy committee are reluctant to cut rates. "I think we are going into recession and we are probably in one right now. It's not too late to stop it but we have to act right now. Monetary policy has been far too tight for too long."
He wants interest rates cut sharply and says his colleagues should worry less about the recent rises in inflation, which he thinks will be temporary.
The MPC has cut rates three times since the end of last year to the current 5% level.
The last reduction was in April, but in May and June the other eight members did not follow Blanchflower in voting for further cuts. The month's vote will not be announced until Wednesday.
Court proceedings were briefly halted when Mr Chen complained of an injury Taiwan's ex-President Chen Shui-bian, who faces corruption allegations, has been formally taken into custody. Mr Chen, an independence activist and staunch critic of China, was taken to jail after his detention was approved by a court overnight. It came at the end of a dramatic 24 hours, during which police led a defiant Mr Chen away in handcuffs. Mr Chen, who stepped down in May, denies all the graft charges and claims they are politically motivated. He has been taken to Tucheng prison in the suburbs of the capital, Taipei. He can now be held for up to four months, despite not yet having formally been charged. Police have reportedly tightened security around the jail amid threats from his supporters. Muscle tears The BBC's Cindy Sui in Taipei says the authorities want to avoid the type of demonstrations seen last week during a landmark visit by a high-ranking Chinese Communist official to Taiwan. Mr Chen and his supporters - who see closer ties to Beijing as a threat to Taiwan's sovereignty - opposed that visit. Court proceedings had to be suspended on Tuesday night, when Mr Chen said he needed hospital treatment after being pushed outside the court building. He was returned to court for an overnight sitting after doctors found he had only a minor muscle tear. Mr Chen is accused of money laundering and illegally using a special presidential fund. But the outspoken nationalist accuses the new administration of persecuting him "as a sacrifice to appease China". Mr Chen is an ardent supporter of Taiwanese independence, and a trenchant critic of President Ma Ying-jeou's Kuomintang (KMT) administration, which he accuses of pandering to China. But China has termed accusations that his detention is a plot between Beijing and President Ma's administration "pure fabrication". President Ma has also denied intervening in the case. Opposition damaged? Mr Chen and his family have been mired in corruption allegations since 2006, when his son-in-law was charged with insider trading on the stock market and then jailed for seven years. The charges have damaged the reputation of the main opposition Democratic Progressive Party (DPP), observers say, which may now face a rough ride in next year's local elections. Taiwan has been ruled separately since the end of the Chinese civil war in 1949. The defeated Kuomintang retreated to Taiwan to create a self-governing entity. But Beijing sees the island as a breakaway province which should be reunified with the mainland, by force if necessary.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Iran Air has officially taken delivery of its very first Airbus A330-200 (EP-IJA) aircraft. It was handed over today by Airbus at the delivery centre in Toulouse and is expected to arrive at Tehran-Mehrabad Airport during tomorrow morning. Meanwhile, a second A330-200 (EP-IJB) has arrived in Toulouse, most likely to join IranAir's fleet within the next few coming days as previously announced.
The delivery of the aircraft is part of IranAir's major fleet renewal plan and is the first wide body from a firm order placed by the national carrier of Iran in December 2016 for 100 Airbus aircraft to renew and expand its fleet with new aircraft. The new A330 fleet will expand the long-haul network with planned resumptions to destinations such as Kuala Lumpur and Beijing, however, it will initially be deployed on existing European routes.
Iran Air's A330-200 features a two class cabin layout, seating 32 passengers in business and 206 in economy.
This evening, IranAir officially announced that the aircraft will be delivered on Saturday, 11 March 2017. It will depart Toulouse-Blagnac Airport at 01:30 CET to arrive at around 09:00 IRST to Tehran-Mehrabad Airport. It will directly taxi to the iconic “Enghelab Hangar”, the same place were the very first Airbus A321 was welcomed in January 2017.
In addition to IranAir's 100 Airbus aircraft order, the national carrier plans to take delivery of 80 Boeing and 20 ATR 72-600 aircraft. The first Boeing aircraft is expected to arrive in Iran by April 2018 and the ATR aircraft will not be delivered prior to March 2017 as previously expected, due to a dispute with the Canadian engine manufacturer.
Photo: P. Masclet, Airbus
James Martin/CNET
Two years ago, the term "3D phone" would more likely fill phone-watchers with anxiety than excitement, as ghosts of the ill-fated LG Thrill and HTC Evo 3D come home to haunt.
But unlike 2011's efforts, which focused on 3D photography and gaming, companies' new-wave 3D vision ranges from gestures and navigation to a 3D interface effect. Google has Project Tango, Microsoft has apparently inherited Nokia's "McLaren" R&D, and now Amazon has launched its Fire Phone , complete with added cameras for creating a range of 3D effects.
With Google's annual I/O developer conference around the corner on June 25, and Microsoft's lab hands hard at work on future phones, the time may be right to prep your peepers for some extra dimension.
3D navigation and controls
Microsoft is rumored to be working on a "3D" Windows phone that lets you control the device the way you would Microsoft's Kinect gaming system for Xbox. But don't start envisioning yourself choreographing elaborate gestures to dial up pizza delivery just yet. At this point, it's probably better to think of the new technology as a navigational aid that taps into physical motions when your fingers aren't touching the screen, and uses your hovering finger when they are.
For example, sensors around the phone might recognize that you're laying down while you read, and temporarily lock the screen orientation so your contents don't accidentally flip around. Sliding your finger along the phone's spine might zoom in and out, according to The Verge, though it's also easy to see how context-awareness could also let your walking digits scroll the page up and down in the browser, and raise or lower the volume when you're on a call. Flipping the phone over or pocketing it could disconnect a call, and a deliberate wave of the hand over the screen could shelve notifications.
The project is said to contain an interface element as well, which is being called MixView. Hovering your finger over a live tile on the Start screen could cause it to pop up other options that you could select without physically tapping the tile; for instance, pulling up headline stories or a contact's phone number or email address. Tech site WP Central describes it in more detail here.
Since these scenarios require more complex hardware and software to work, the first phone, allegedly code-named McLaren, has to have all the right sensors, presumably multiple cameras for tracking, as well as a depth sensor -- just like the Microsoft Kinect. Although Nokia had reportedly been working on McLaren for years before Microsoft picked it up, the company's experience with Kinect's gestural gameplay fits in well.
Now, smartphone-makers have worked with gestures for years, and most current smartphones include some sort of motion awareness that can respond when you shake it or flip it over or raise it to your head. Samsung has gone a step further in some flagship phones and tablets by letting you hover your finger (or stylus) over, say, tiny thumbnails and drop-down menus to pop open larger previews.
Via WP Central
The 3D Touch program could certainly simplify some interactions with your phone, or streamline it by stripping off buttons, like the volume rocker. Likewise, gestures can be tricky if they require users to learn a new navigational system without any button backups, two lessons from the gesture-heavy WebOS and even lesser-known Yota Phone .
Since a gesture-navigated device has to make sure you're really intending to complete a task and not just randomly moving around, some motions could also wind up taking longer to complete than if you just mashed your fingers on the screen. To really give Windows Phone an edge over Android and iOS, Microsoft would have to get 3D Touch just right.
3D interface moves with you
Off-screen navigation may be one direction that 3D smartphones are headed in, but as Amazon demonstrated with its Fire Phone, 3D can also refer to the way that an interface looks and responds to you.
Now playing: Watch this: Amazon's new "3D" Fire Phone turns heads
3D wallpapers, mapping, gaming, and shopping through Amazon's gargantuan shopping portal are the major ways Amazon is integrating a more immersive look and feel on its phone, thanks to the four tracking cameras on the phone's front.
A number of home-screen replacement apps on Android impart a 3D look and feel to a phone's interface, and some of you may even remember Hitachi's Wooo H001 from 2009, with it's world's-first 3D interface (video). Amazon's skin, however, is much richer and more advanced than the efforts of five years ago, and several added motion controls go beyond passive viewing.
Real-time 3D modeling
Then there's Google. The 1,000-pound gorilla rockets into the 3D mobile world with Project Tango, a massive effort to cram cutting-edge 3D tracking and computer vision into mobile phones and tablets.
The reference tablet that Google just put on sale for developers includes a 120-degree wide-angle camera, a motion tracking camera, and a depth sensor, which together will lead to all sorts of applications for 3D mapping, indoor modeling, and augmented reality. The sensors make a quarter million 3D measurements every second, Google says.
"Our goal is to give mobile devices a human scale understanding of space and motion," Tango's project lead Johnny Lee said in Tango's introductory video (below).
Google has made some prototypes to illustrate what developers can do with Tango, like create a gaming environment mapped to a user's living room, so that the game character walks when you do. Likewise, visually impaired people could benefit from auditory cues as a device running Project Tango could help circumvent obstacles in real time.
Preparing for a 3D world
It's clear with these strong rumors and big initiatives that "3D" phones are making a comeback, this time with far greater sensors, much more sophisticated software tools, and processors powerful enough to resolve graphics on the fly.
At this point, all three avenues have their promise and potential, but, like Samsung's ballyhooed eyeball tracking feature in the Samsung Galaxy S4 and wireless charging in any device, all that potential could still fall short of truly useful things we use every day.
For Amazon, Microsoft, and Google, translating their "3D" work into the most import space there is -- the 3D phone or tablet in your hands -- is a step toward turning mobile devices into even more potent and indispensable tools.
NEW YORK (Tuesday, December 12, 2017) – Major League Soccer today announced the list of eligible players for the 2017 MLS Waiver Draft, which will be held on Wednesday, Dec. 13, at 3:30 p.m. ET. The Waiver Draft consists of players who are not eligible for Re-Entry or Free Agency and either A) are out of contract and have not been issued a Genuine Offer or B) have not had their 2018 options exercised.
The Waiver Draft selection process is determined by reverse order of the final standings during the 2017 MLS season, taking into account postseason performance. The LA Galaxy will have the first pick, 2017 MLS Cup champions Toronto FC will have the 22nd selection and expansion Los Angeles Football Club will have the 23rd pick (full order listed below).
CLICK HERE for the full 2017 MLS Waiver Draft guidelines.
PLAYERS AVAILABLE FOR SELECTION IN 2017 MLS WAIVER DRAFT
Club Player Atlanta United Jeffrey Otoo Chicago Fire Joey Calistri Chicago Fire Matej Dekovic Chicago Fire John Goosens Chicago Fire Joao Meira Colorado Rapids Joshua Gatt Colorado Rapids Mekeil Williams Columbus Crew SC Marshall Hollingsworth Columbus Crew SC Abuchi Obinwa Columbus Crew SC Rodrigo Saravia Columbus Crew SC Ben Swanson D.C. United Julian Buescher D.C. United Eric Klenofsky D.C. United Rob Vincent FC Dallas Eduardo Cortes FC Dallas Luis Gonzalez FC Dallas Hernan Grana Houston Dynamo Calle Brown Houston Dynamo Jose Escalante Houston Dynamo Joe Holland Houston Dynamo Taylor Hunter LA Galaxy Bradley Diallo LA Galaxy Clement Diop LA Galaxy Nathan Smith LA Galaxy Pele van Anholt LA Galaxy Jaime Villarreal Minnesota United FC Justin Davis Minnesota United FC Ismaila Jome Minnesota United FC Kevin Venegas New England Revolution Josh Smith New York City FC Miguel Camargo New York City FC Shannon Gomez New York City FC Andraz Struna New York Red Bulls Brandon Allen New York Red Bulls Gideon Baah New York Red Bulls Arun Basuljevic New York Red Bulls Zeiko Lewis New York Red Bulls Dan Metzger Orlando City SC Hadji Barry Orlando City SC Devron Garcia Orlando City SC Antonio Nocerino Philadelphia Union Aaron Jones Philadelphia Union Oguchi Onyewu Philadelphia Union Ken Tribbett Philadelphia Union Giliano Wijnaldum Real Salt Lake Reagan Dunk Real Salt Lake Omar Holness Real Salt Lake Justin Schmidt Real Salt Lake Chris Schuler Real Salt Lake Ricardo Velazco San Jose Earthquakes Kip Colvey San Jose Earthquakes Lindo Mfeka San Jose Earthquakes Matheus Silva Sporting Kansas City Cameron Iwasa Sporting Kansas City Cameron Porter Toronto FC Brandon Aubrey Toronto FC Sergio Camargo Vancouver Whitecaps FC Kyle Greig Vancouver Whitecaps FC Cole Seiler
2017 MLS WAIVER DRAFT ORDER
Image copyright Irish Defence Forces Image caption The Irish navy intercepted the yacht Makayabella after it was tracked from Venezuela
A 70-year-old man who skippered a yacht across the Atlantic in a calamity-riddled £200m cocaine smuggling operation has been jailed for 10 years.
John Powell, of Silsden, West Yorkshire, admitted two charges ahead of a trial in the Republic of Ireland.
Benjamin Mellor, 35, of Bradford, and Thomas Britteon, 28, of Grimsby, were each jailed for eight years.
All three men were charged by Irish authorities with drug trafficking and the importation of drugs.
They were arrested on board the luxury yacht Makayabella on the night of 22 September.
The boat was found in poor condition 200 miles (322km) off the south-west coast of Ireland.
Investigators in the UK also seized a 25ft (7.6m) motorboat called Sea Breeze, moored in Pwllheli, North Wales, in connection with the smuggling ring.
'Major player'
In December, Powell's son Stephen Powell, 48, from Guiseley, West Yorkshire, was jailed for 16 years for conspiring to import cocaine after more than a tonne of the drug was seized on the boat.
Cork Circuit Court heard Stephen Powell was a "major player" in the UK drugs underworld and the "main man by a step and a half" behind the operation.
His father flew to the Caribbean in March 2013 to inspect the yacht, which his son had bought for the smuggling venture, and then to provide a cover story sailed it for a year as a charter boat, working with Mellor for most of the year.
They picked up the drugs in Venezuela on 4 August 2014, the court heard.
But the sentencing hearing depicted an error-strewn voyage from Venezuela towards the UK, which attracted the attention of the US, France, UK and Ireland.
Mellor, a drug addict and alcoholic, broke his wrist en route and started taking some of his own cocaine supply to fend off hunger pangs, six days after the crew ran out of food.
Drinking water was also running out when the yacht was stormed by the Irish Navy.
All three admitted immediately there was cocaine on board and were taken back to Ireland, where they were arrested as soon as they reached shore on 25 September.
Insp Fergal Foley, a Garda investigator, said the vessel was in a grim state.
"To be quite blunt, they were delighted to see the navy," he said.
Obama Weathers the Wright Storm, Clinton Faces Credibility Problem.
National Discontent Approaches 20-Year High, Bush Approval at 28%
Summary of Findings
The videos of Rev. Jeremiah Wright's controversial sermons and Barack Obama's subsequent speech on race and politics have attracted more public attention than any events thus far in the 2008 presidential campaign. A majority of the public (51%) said they heard “a lot” about the videos, and an even larger percentage (54%) said they heard a lot about Obama's speech, according to the weekly News Interest Index.
Most voters aware of the sermons say they were personally offended by Wright's comments, and a sizable minority (35%) says that their opinion of Obama has grown less favorable because of Wright's statements.
However, the Wright controversy does not appear to have undermined support for Obama's candidacy. The latest nationwide survey by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press, conducted March 19-22 among 1,503 adults, finds that Obama maintains a 49% to 39% advantage over Hillary Clinton for the Democratic nomination, which is virtually unchanged from the 49% to 40% lead he held among Democrats in late February. Obama and Clinton continue to enjoy slight advantages over John McCain in general election matchups among all registered voters.
The new polling suggests that the Wright affair has not hurt Obama's standing, in part because his response to the controversy has been viewed positively by voters who favor him over Clinton. Obama's handling of the Wright controversy also won a favorable response from a substantial proportion of Clinton supporters and even from a third of Republican voters.
More than eight-in-ten supporters of Obama (84%) who have heard about the controversy over Wright's sermons say he has done an excellent or good job of dealing with the situation. Reactions from Clinton supporters, and Republicans, are on balance negative; however, 43% of Clinton voters and a third of Republican voters who have heard about the affair express positive opinions about Obama's handling of the situation.
The survey finds that, in general, Obama has a highly favorable image among Democratic voters, including white Democrats. But while Obama's personal image is more favorable than Clinton's, certain social beliefs and attitudes among older, white, working-class Democratic voters are associated with his lower levels of support among this group.
In particular, white Democrats who hold unfavorable views of Obama are much more likely than those who have favorable opinions of him to say that equal rights for minorities have been pushed too far; they also are more likely to disapprove of interracial dating, and are more concerned about the threat that immigrants may pose to American values. In addition, nearly a quarter of white Democrats (23%) who hold a negative view of Obama believe he is a Muslim.
Less educated and older white Democrats, who have not backed Obama in most primary elections, hold these values more commonly than do other Democrats.
These patterns suggest the potential for future reverberations from the Wright controversy if Obama wins the Democratic nomination. More conservative beliefs about equal rights and race are not only related to negative opinions of Obama among Democrats, suggesting the potential for defections among Democratic voters, but also are associated with negative views of him in the electorate at large.
An analysis of the survey finds that holding conservative positions on political and social values is associated with a greater likelihood of supporting McCain over Obama among Republicans, Democrats and independents, and all demographic groups. In contrast, however, this pattern is much less apparent in the Clinton-McCain matchup, excepting views about women in leadership roles.
One of the few negative trends for Obama following the Wright affair is that a larger number of conservative Republicans hold a very unfavorable opinion of him in the new poll than did so in February. The survey also finds that Obama no longer enjoys the favorable image rating advantage over McCain among independents that was apparent in previous polls.
White Democrats and the Candidates
Large majorities of white Democratic voters view Obama as honest, inspiring, patriotic, and down-to-earth. Obama's personal image surpasses Clinton's on almost every personal attribute tested in the survey, except patriotism.
In addition, roughly twice as many white Democrats say the word “phony” describes Clinton than say it describes Obama (30% vs. 16%). And the gap is even larger in perceptions of likability; 43% of white Democratic voters say the phrase “hard-to-like” describes Clinton, while just 13% say it describes Obama.
Gender makes a significant difference in personal perceptions of Hillary Clinton. Democratic women voters are much more likely than their male counterparts to view Clinton as honest and down-to-earth, and they more often report that Clinton makes them feel proud and hopeful. However, Democratic women voters are about as likely as Democratic men to say the descriptors hard-to-like and phony apply to Clinton.
Views of Obama More Tied to Voters' Emotions
White voters' views of Barack Obama are more influenced by how he makes them feel than by specific characteristics voters attribute to him. Saying that Obama makes them feel hopeful and proud are the strongest predictors of the ratings white Democrats give him. And of the personal traits tested, “inspiring” is more closely linked with views of the Illinois senator than any of the others.
On the other hand, views of Hillary Clinton among white Democratic voters are more influenced by perceptions that she is phony than by any other trait or emotion tested. But saying that Clinton makes them feel proud and hopeful also are significant predictors of how these voters rate her. Interestingly, while sizable minorities of white Democratic voters say Clinton is hard-to-like (43%), this opinion does not have a significant impact on her favorability ratings.
McCain Out of the Spotlight
Opinions about John McCain are mostly unchanged in the current survey. In part, this may be explained by his low level of public visibility. In the current weekly News Interest Index survey, just 3% mentioned McCain, unprompted, as the candidate they had heard most about in the news. That compares with 70% who named Obama and 15% who named Clinton as the candidate they had heard most about.
More positive for McCain, however, is that a growing proportion of Republican voters say that the GOP will solidly unite behind the Arizona senator; 64% express that view currently, up from 58% in late February. Along with this expression of increased partisan unity, the survey finds that by a considerable margin (52%-37%), independent voters say that if McCain is elected, he will take the country in a different direction rather than continuing Bush's policies.
This comes at an opportune time for the GOP candidate. Bush's job approval rating has slipped to 28%, the lowest of his presidency. In addition, just 22% express satisfaction with the way things are going in the country. This, too, is about as negative an evaluation of the course of the nation as measured in nearly 20 years of Pew surveys.
It's the Inflation, Stupid
Americans have grown steadily more negative about the national economy over the past three months. Just 11% of the public rates the economy as excellent or good, down from 17% in early February, and 26% in January. Judgments about the national economy are now as negative as they were during the recession of the early 1990s. In August 1993, 10% of Americans rated the economy as excellent or good in a Gallup survey.
However, deepening concern about the national economy has so far not translated into more dour assessments of personal finances. As has been the case for some time, Americans are roughly divided between those who rate their personal finances as only fair or poor (51%) and those who say they are excellent or good (47%). In December 1993, just 39% rated their personal finances positively, while 60% viewed them negatively.
Rising prices are clearly the public's top personal concern. Nearly half (49%) say that rising prices are the economic issue that most worries them. In contrast, just 19% name the job situation, 14% cite problems in the financial markets, and 12% cite declining real estate values. Inflation is the primary concern for people at all income levels, although worries about financial markets and declining real estate values register more strongly with Americans with household incomes of $100,000 or more. In contrast, the job situation is a relatively major concern for people with the lowest household incomes.
Other important findings include:
What Does A Trump Presidency Mean For Climate-Change Education?
Enlarge this image AFP/Getty Images AFP/Getty Images
On Nov. 8, the World Meteorological Organization published a press release summarizing the findings from a report on global climate from 2011-2015.
The report identified the last five years as the hottest on record, with 2015 marking the first year with global temperatures more than 1 degree Celsius above the pre-industrial era. Arctic sea ice declined, sea levels rose and many extreme weather events occurred — events that were "made more likely as a result of human-induced (anthropogenic) climate change."
The same day the press release was published, Donald Trump was elected as the next president of the United States.
This combination of events is deeply troubling. Trump has called climate change a hoax and has threatened to withdraw from the 2015 Paris agreement to limit climate change. Already, Trump has named climate skeptic Myron Ebell to head his Environmental Protection Agency transition team.
More generally, there's speculation and concern about what a Trump presidency will mean for scientifically informed policy, for science funding and for science education. In an evaluation by Scientific American of four presidential candidates' responses to 20 questions about science posed by ScienceDebate.org, Trump came in last, with 7 points out of a possible 100. (For comparison, Clinton earned the highest score at 64).
"The good thing about science," says Neil deGrasse Tyson, "is that it's true whether or not you believe in it." But the bad thing about science — at least when it comes to issues like climate change — is that it's true whether or not government policies take it into account.
In sum: The next four years aren't looking good for science (or for the natural world). Concerns are especially acute when it comes to climate change and science education, where today's policies will have effects that extend well beyond a single presidential term.
To help me think about the implications of a Trump presidency for climate change education and for science instruction more generally, I was fortunate to reach Ann Reid, executive director of the National Center for Science Education (NCSE), a non-profit organization with the stated mission of defending "the integrity of science education against ideological interference."
Reid answered several questions about the future of science education in a conversation by email:
The National Center for Science Education initially focused on evolution education, but since 2012 climate-change education has also been a core focus. Why do you think climate-change education is so important?
Climate-change education is important because climate change is important — certainly the most important environmental challenge of our age. But the now-robust scientific consensus about its magnitude and potential consequences has emerged relatively recently; few people over 30 learned anything about it when they were in school. So making sure that the next generation understands what we know, how we know it, and what we can do about it, is absolutely essential.
What is NCSE's particular mission when it comes to climate change education? Historically, we focused on evolution — an area of the science curriculum that faced (and continues to face) relentless interference by those who reject the vast and varied evidence for evolution for religious reasons. We added climate change to our mission because we were seeing the same kinds of tactics that had long been used against evolution being deployed against climate change. Calls for teachers to "teach both sides," "teach the controversy," or "emphasize the strengths and weaknesses" of the science. All of these approaches are insidious: superficially banal but substantively dangerous. There are not two scientifically valid "sides," nor is there a scientific "controversy," nor are there "weaknesses" in the evidence for either evolution or climate change that merit emphasis in the high school classroom.
What is especially disturbing is that even as these efforts to interfere with the science curriculum have generally been blocked, they have, in a way, still succeeded, because they have singled out these areas of science as somehow different from the rest of science. Even those teachers who just want to teach the science are uneasy: Will there be pushback? Will parents or school board members complain? In too many cases, this uneasiness leads to compromise. We know that some 60 percent of high school public biology teachers somehow hedge, thin down, or avoid teaching evolution altogether. About one-quarter of middle- and high-school science teachers confusingly emphasize both that "many scientists believe that recent increases in temperature are likely due to natural causes" and "scientists agree that recent global warming is primarily being caused by human release of greenhouse gases from fossil fuels." This kind of mixed message not only interferes with teaching climate change and evolution, but risks confusing students about the nature of science itself. Students need to leave school understanding that scientific conclusions are based on evidence, not beliefs.
What do you see as the greatest current threats to the integrity of science education in general, and to climate change education in particular?
We are deeply concerned that the politicization of climate change will continue to have a chilling effect in classrooms, where many teachers may be reluctant simply to teach the science, which is straightforward and unambiguous. Rising levels of carbon dioxide trap heat. Humans are releasing a lot of carbon dioxide. That's the crux of the scientific argument and it's not very complicated! Even though climate change is covered well in the Next Generation Science Standards, and is likely to be included in much greater depth in new editions of textbooks, if teachers are concerned about community disapproval, they may nevertheless avoid teaching the science, or inappropriately present it as debatable.
It is important to recognize that most science teachers have not received any formal instruction in climate change, a topic that crosses disciplinary boundaries and has not traditionally been a required course for aspiring science teachers. In our survey, teachers reported great enthusiasm for professional development on the topic; they need and deserve to get that training, along with advice on how to deal with potential conflict and confusion.
What is the NCSE doing to address these threats?
We have a three-pronged strategy: support teachers directly, get scientists involved in helping teachers cover climate change, and support teachers indirectly by organizing communities to bring fun, accessible, respectful climate change activities to public events and raise funds to support their local science teachers. We call the three programs NCSEteach, Scientist in the Classroom and NCSE Science Booster Clubs. Our goal is to ensure that every single science teacher has the expertise and support they need to teach climate change confidently and accurately.
How, if at all, do you anticipate that a Trump presidency will affect science education or public attitudes towards science?
The good news is that the federal government has little direct control over local science education; standards, curricula and assessment are all determined at the state level or below. For us, the danger is that the utterly baseless arguments that climate change isn't happening, isn't human-caused, or isn't serious, are likely to gain even greater exposure. The more credence is given to the wrong-headed assertions that the science is unsettled (at best) or fraudulent (at worst), the harder it will be for teachers to do the right thing and teach the science straight up. Sadly, it isn't even necessary to present any genuine evidence against the scientific consensus, all the rejecters of the science need to do is cast enough doubt, and education will suffer.
What can parents do who want to support science education at their children's schools?
I'm so glad you asked! We have lots of advice on our website. Briefly, be sure to let your children's teachers know that you support climate change education. Don't assume it's being covered, and covered appropriately. Ask your children what they're learning in class and keep an eye on homework assignments. Offer to help by identifying local resources or accompanying field trips (or just encourage teachers to join NCSEteach). You can also get involved at the level of your school or district by letting science coordinators, principals and school board members know that you support climate change education. Go to school board meetings. Encourage local media to ask school board candidates about their position on climate change education.
Finally, NCSE's Science Booster Club program is now entering an expansion phase, after a successful pilot in and around Iowa City. If you really want to get involved, contact Emily Schoerning at schoerning@ncse.com and learn about starting a science booster club in your community.
Are there other ways that concerned citizens and "citizen scientists" can effectively contribute to the quality of science education in formal or informal settings?
If you're a citizen who loves science, there are so many great, local, science resources: museums, zoos, parks, nature centers, after-school programs and more. Join them! Support them! Bring your children and your neighbors' children to visit them! And, of course, there are wonderful environmental groups to join that raise awareness, organize local activities and lobby for effective policies.
If you're a citizen who wants to do science, there are more and more opportunities to participate in projects by collecting data and pooling your results with lots of other citizens. For example the Zooniverse website lists 45 possible projects you can join, eight of them focused on climate. The Howard Hughes Medical Institute's Gorongoza lesson plan allows students to participate in ongoing ecology research in the Gorongoza National Park in Mozambique. Who doesn't want to help track elephants? Those are just a few options; there are many more available.
Are there any additional thoughts you'd like to share with readers of 13.7?
In my book, science teachers are real heroes. For many, many people, a high school science teacher was the last connection they had to the world of science. A good science teacher can give students the tools they need to be curious, critical and confident evaluators of evidence about all sorts of topics throughout their lives. This ability — to be curious, but also discerning — has never been more important now that we essentially have a universe of information at our fingertips, with the valid and the spurious often difficult to distinguish. Making sure our science teachers have what they need to do a good job is an investment that will pay off for decades.
Tania Lombrozo is a psychology professor at the University of California, Berkeley. She writes about psychology, cognitive science and philosophy, with occasional forays into parenting and veganism. You can keep up with more of what she is thinking on Twitter: @TaniaLombrozo
NEW ORLEANS — Arizona Rattlers earned their fifth win of the season on Saturday with a 47-39 victory over the New Orleans VooDoo at the Smoothie King Center.
Arizona started sluggish, scoring only 20 first-half points, and trailed at the end of the half by four. A strong third quarter on all three sides of the ball propelled the Rattlers to victory.
This is Rattlers head coach and general manager Kevin Guy's 84th regular season win, which pushes him to sixth place overall in all-time regular season wins. He passes current Washington Redskins' coach Jay Gruden.
The Rattlers started the game short-handed. The 2014 league MVP quarterback Nick Davila is still on injured reserve. Star wide receiver and iron man Kerry Reed also sat out Saturday night's game due to a pulled hamstring. Six year veteran nose tackle Anttaj Hawthorne began the week on a four game league suspension. It has since been reduced to one game, however he still had to miss Saturday night's game.
Rattlers quarterback BJ Coleman once again had stretches of inconsistency, but still had a strong enough game to earn the win and the Russell Athletic Offensive Player of the Game. He was 18 for 31 passing with 4 touchdowns and 160 yards.
Arizona defensive back AJ Cruz started the scoring for the Rattlers with a 57 yard kickoff return for a touchdown in the first quarter, which earned him the AFL Highlight of the game. This would be the last time New Orleans would kick off to him in the first half, opting instead to have former Rattler, now VooDoo kicker Garrett Lindholm to kick on-sides twice and squib it once.
The Rattlers first half play made it look like the missing players were just too much for them to bear. However, Arizona came out in the third quarter and once again looked like the defending ArenaBowl champions. Offensively they scored 20 points, twice on passes from Coleman (one to wide receiver Rod Windsor, and the other to wide receiver Darrin Moore), and once on a 5-yard run from fullback Mykel Benson. Defensively, the Rattlers held the VooDoo out of the end zone in the third.
The Riddell Defensive Player of the Game, defensive back Marquis Floyd, got his first interception of the season late in the third quarter. Last season, Floyd had a career high with 13 interceptions, and like this season, he did not get his first pick until later in the season. It was not until week nine that he got that interception. Along with the interception, Floyd ended the game with 6 tackles, 1 pass breakup, and 1 forced fumble.
The Rattlers' next game will be at 6 p.m. May 16, when they return home to seek revenge on the Las Vegas Outlaws (3-2). This will be the first time the two teams face each other since the Outlaws knocked off the Rattlers in week 2. The game will be televised on FOX Sports Arizona.
Riot Dudbro talking about why Spirit Guard Udyr wasn't a visual update and other VU related topics, and Meddler commenting on if Heimer will be the next champion to receive a visual update.
Today's red post collection features posts discussing the player created "Mercy Vote" system,talking about whywasn't a visual update and other VU related topics, andcommenting on ifwill be the next champion to receive a visual update.
Is Heimer the next VU?
Meddler
"It's very likely Heimer's gameplay changes will come out well before he gets a visual upgrade. Xypherous has some kit changes that have been testing well in playtests and there are other champions we feel need the visual upgrade first, particularly since in Heimer's case some goofiness adds to his charm."
Xypherous
Problems with the player suggested "Mercy Vote" System
player created
Drevarius
"While decreasing the pain involved in a 4v5 is a great idea and a noble goal, we have to be very careful with how we approach this problem.
NeuroCat touched on this already, but I'd like to reiterate an important point:
When changing or adding systems to improve the player experience we need to do our best to avoid creating new avenues for negative behavior.
With the Mercy Vote concept there are a few places where new conflicts are created.
1. If there is any benefit (smaller loss penalty OR earlier surrender opportunity) to having one of your teammates leave the game, then we are giving an incentive for bullying one of your teammates out of the game.
2. By putting mercy vote control into the hands of the other team we are creating a scenario where one team mayfeel entitled to a mercy vote but the other team does not issue one. If you know in your heart you deserved mercy but the other team doesn't vote to grant it, you are going to feel pretty bad.
Any system we implement to make the 4v5 situation better would have to solve for conflicts such as (and not limited to) these.
So - how would you guys suggest we do that?"
Drevarius
"This has come up in internal discussions as well. There is potential value here."
Drevarius
"It does not take the cooperation of four players to make someone miserable enough to want to quit. It only takes one dedicated jerk.
Right now toxic behavior is generated mostly by players who are frustrated or who have had a bad day, with focused trolling for the sake of trolling also being a small contributor. There are, intentionally, no gameplay incentives for being toxic. I think it would be very scary to set that precedent."
Riot Dudebro on Why SGU wasn't a VU and other VU related topics
Riot Dudebro
"Hey this a tough question but I'll try and peel back the curtain and let you see my perspective(as someone who currently works solely on the reworks team).
First let me get to Udyr(since I worked on his Ultimate skin). Does Udyr need a redo? Yes, we agree. However I,personally, don't think the Spirit Guard should have been his rework. I think there are people who love the way current Udyr looks, as well as Black Belt and Primal skins, so we wouldn't want to completely change what people already love and throw in spirit animals. We have to retain what people love that made them make the choice to pick him up in the first place. The second part to that is Udyr is actually a lot of work. Since he has 4 stances that have different models and animations, effects, and sounds. That's a bit more work than something like Sivir who I'd argue needs it more than Udyr with less amount of content and programming needed to complete it. Again these are my personal opinions and I've already got plenty of flack on the NA forums for these.
Also when we started Spirit Guard Udyr, there was no such thing as a relaunch team. In fact that didn't start that until late last year(when he was already done). Again these are my personal opinions, but we should have reworked him and THEN done an Ultimate skin. But don't take those comments the wrong way, reworking a champ means to me we sort out the back-end code to make it easy to go in next time to make a skin. We just released Maser Yi whose effects and animations scripts are lean and mean and ready for the next person to dive in and make something(probably better than me :) ) So take those comments solely as someone who works on them and not a decision maker in rework/skin release stuff.
A major factor in releasing rework champs is...ready for it... me :( . Not because I'm withholding but some champs take longer than others due to how complex they are. When I was on the New Champ team, I worked on Vi for about 3 weeks and I worked on Lissandra for a month and half(with others helping) because the worldload and content demand is different per champ. We have to pepper in the hard ones with the more straightforward ones.
We have a BIG list of reworks and we agree, Udyr and Shaco needs them and they will receive them(one day). Master Yi was just release, Sivir is in the works as well as another champ, and we have some great ones coming up!
So I hope this behind the scenes banter helps ya a see to see into world of reworking champs."
Riot Dudebro
"The rework team officially is like 8 people(IronStylus(concept art),Grumpy Monkey(concept art and 3d), 2 animators, our awesome sound designer,a texture artist,me, Ququroon (QA Analyst,and a creative designer(for bio/lore/vo stuff). We sometimes have guests but that's usually it.
It's pretty similar to a champion team. The champion "team" is pretty big and they have like 2 or 3 groups working on new champs and they leapfrog their releases. Skin has a team is big as well, their number fluctuate but it's roughly double the size of ours. In my very humble opinion, that's not enough people :)
The Art team isn't separate, in my mind at least, from other disciplines. I'm usually hanging out with Ququroon as he helps get my work across the finish line. Grumpy And Stylus hang sometimes with creative designers to understand the theme and lore and such. The art team includes the dudes who make icons and websites and motion graphics and splashes and all sorts of stuff but we are all integrated into little "pods" that zoom in on a champ/rework/skin/etc.
How much work goes into reworking a champion? There isn't a quantifiable amount we put in, each one has challenges that take up more time/resources than the other folks. For example, right now I'm working on something I want to be amazing and I increased the scope a bit :)( The other folks have moved onto the next thing but for me I made this one hard(on myself) but it's taking longer than everyone else wants. I do know we have a lot of conversations and long discussions about elements of the champ we need to retain and/or throw away. If we were to have a simple,simple champ, the wholes process should take about 3 and half months, maybe like 4. But a hard champ will be WAY more."
"So Rioters will never tell you what's coming up next because it changes all the time. Even if you are clever enough to figure things out,and you guys certainly are, it will change. Our release and development cycles are very different so I never know exactly what will come out and exactly when. On top of that, even if we did know we wouldn't come right out and say it in a forum tread. We wait until the official announcement before doing that.
I can say both Sivir and Eve are in the development process; as with a bunch of other stuff. When we will be done with them and when they will be released is something we won't know. I had Spirit Guard Udyr finished and sitting on the shelf back in Christmas time and he just came out. "
"Sivir is coming up, not next tho, we had one started that'll be ready for primetime before Sivir. I'm super excited about this champ!"
Continue reading for more information! commented today saying that it's likelygameplay changes will come out long before he gets a visual upgrade.As for the actual kit changes, we haven't heard new sinceposted aboutnew turrets last month If you follow the forums, you've probly ran into thisidea for something called a "Mercy Vote" This summoner's idea consists of allowing a "mercy vote" to pass when teams are out numbered. For example, if someone AFKs and the game is a 4v5, the 5 player team can start a mercy vote. If it passes, the 4 player team can accept the mercy vote and the game ends. The 4 player team then loses less LP/MMR and the game shows as a "mercy" instead of a loss. Check out the original post for more information stepped up with his thoughts on the system and what sort of new problems it may create:One summoner followed up by suggesting that you could only allow something like this "mercy vote" whenever a player doesn't actually connect to the game.Another summoner mentioned it would be hard to get four players to band together and bully the 5th player into quitting so they could get a mercy vote. has been over on the OCE forums discussing a few visual update related things, particularly commenting on whyis a skin and not a visual upgrade.also elaborated a bit on the visual upgrade team, explaining who it curently consists of:As for hints on what's coming out next, he noted He also reiterated thatwould not be the next visual upgraded to see the light of day.
Image caption Mr Moscovici said the fiscal pact must include a chapter on growth
France's new finance minister has reiterated that the country's new socialist government will not ratify the European Union's (EU) fiscal pact.
Pierre Moscovici said the pact would have to include provisions for growth before France signed up.
The fiscal pact aims to ensure governments keep a tighter control of spending to reduce debt levels.
French President Francois Hollande is campaigning for a greater focus on growth alongside austerity.
Austerity alone, he says, will not solve the eurozone debt crisis.
"What has been said quite clearly is that the treaty will not be ratified as is and that it must be completed with a chapter on growth, with a growth strategy," said Mr Moscovici in a television interview, his first public comments since his appointment.
However, he also addressed concerns that France may go soft on budget discipline.
"I want to be very clear - Francois Hollande has said it repeatedly - we must tackle the public debt [and] reduce deficits. That is fundamental - a country that runs up debt is a country that is getting poorer."
By way of example, the government said it would be imposing a 30% pay cut for the president and all ministers.
Mr Moscovici's comments come within days of Mr Hollande's first meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in which they discussed the economic crisis gripping the eurozone.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Christine Lagarde, Head of the IMF:, ''We have to be technically prepared for anything''
Twenty-five of the 27 members of the EU have signed up to the pact, but it still needs to be ratified by individual states.
An increasing number of commentators and politicians are beginning to question whether austerity alone is the best way out of the crisis.
With a number of European countries back in recession and figures released this week showing zero growth in the eurozone economy as a whole for the first three months of the year, calls for some stimulus measures to balance austerity are growing.
'Orderly exit'
There is also a growing realisation that Greece may be forced to leave the euro. The majority of voters rejected austerity in elections earlier this month and Greece will return to the polls in June.
One of the most popular parties is promising to freeze payments to creditors and renegotiate the terms of bailout loans from the EU and International Monetary Fund (IMF).
For the first time, some politicians and finance chiefs are now acknowledging publicly that Greece may have to give up the euro.
"If [Greece's] budgetary commitments are not honoured, there needs to be appropriate revisions, which means either supplementary financing and additional time, or mechanisms for an exit, which in this case must be orderly," said IMF head Christine Lagarde.
She acknowledged an exit would be "extremely expensive and would pose great risks", but said it was "part of the options that we must technically consider".
One of the key risks of Greece leaving the euro would be the knock-on effects on other eurozone economies.
Spain and Italy are seen as the most vulnerable, with borrowing costs for both countries rising in recent days, suggesting investors are becoming increasingly nervous about their ability to repay their debts.
"The core question will be not Greece, but Spain and Italy," said World Bank president Robert Zoellick.
"Where the danger comes in is when events come and they start to affect confidence and you get illiquidity moments, and illiquidity moments start to mean something begins to tumble, whether it's companies or banks," he said.
The ribbon long inhabits the upper a mid layers of a gas environment. A large bladder aids them as they writhe and slither through the atmosphere. Ribbon long females carry their egg sacks at the base of their tail. These sacks are filled with hundreds of fry. Upon hatching the fry are abandoned by her but are fully capable of fending for themselves. For the first years of their lives the nearly microscopic fry will cluster together, feeding on other microscopic edibles. A vital stage of a Ribbon long's life is the metamorphosis.
It will build a cocoon of plant matter as well as produce a thick slime which will solidify into sheets of malleable "paper." During this time of development the cocoon will grow with the long, ever expanding to encompass the developing fry. Once abandoned this cocoon will be used by hundreds of different organisms as a home and food source.
This metamorphosis, while primarily for the ribbon long's growth, will also determine if it will emerge predator or prey.
Ribbon longs come from a rare order of self-sustaining predator/prey relations. This dictation is effected environmentally. Depending on where in the atmosphere the long is developing, Longs will either emerge as filter feeding omnivores or cannibalistic carnivores. Few will survive the decent but if a cocoon drifts to the hotter lower regions of the atmosphere the fry will emerge carnivores. It will feed nearly exclusively upon its omnivorous brethren. It's mouth parts and overall appearance only slightly paying homage to its prey as it is now adept for a different way of life.
Carnivorous Ribbon longs are unable to reproduce. During development the sex organs are neglected as other vital organs are tended too, this is believed to be a result of the drastic temperature change in the environment. While capable of reaching the mid and lower layer of the atmosphere carnivorous ribbon longs are too heavy to reach the upper layer.
Share the News
We live in an economically-segregated world, so much so that it's sometimes difficult to get a wider view and see things as they really are. That's why I'm a fan of websites like Rich Blocks, Poor Blocks, where a savvy data journalist has combined U.S. census data with Google Maps technology to create a stark visual representation of who lives where — and how much it costs.
The maps at RBPB layer data about median income and median monthly rent over block-by-block census tracts, allowing both an overview of general patterns (people earn more and pay more in the suburbs!) or a super-zoomed in look at individual neighborhoods. In the map below, you can see how Johns Hopkins' Homewood campus drives up rents — and also how York Road seems to serve as a buffer holding off those rising rents.
Or look at downtown: The area around Patterson Park is a checkerboard of low, medium, and rising rents. (The darkest color on the map represents rent of $1,643 or more, while the lightest color is rents of under $451.)
If you look at the income data for the same areas, similar (but not identical) patterns emerge. One clue: Gentrifying neighborhoods will have a higher ratio of rent to income, while suburban areas reverse that. See anything interesting?
(The darkest red indicates median incomes under $26,355.75, while the darkest green is incomes over $140,410.75)
I know I'm a bit late coming to the party considering the final episode has aired already, but 6 weeks ago I started watching Parks and Recreation and it has literally, changed my life.
Sure, I've watched a lot of clever sitcoms over the years. I'm nearly 32 and almost married so I get my mid-week kicks from a 40 inch plasma screen and Reese's Peanut Butter Cups. Quite frankly, I couldn't be happier.
But I found something delightfully different about those strange individuals employed at the Parks and Recreation department of Pawnee, that made me do more than jiggle my belly with glee as I churned through season after season. They made me think about “life things.” And I'm talking serious “life things” like love and loyalty and everything in between.
Yet the one thing they made me think about the most was friendship; what grown-up friendship is all about.
This is what I learned:
Friendship can creep up in the unlikeliest of situations
When Leslie Knope (Deputy Parks Director) holds her first public forum, she meets Ann Perkins. Ann is annoyed because her boyfriend has broken both his legs falling into an oversized pit beside her house. From that fateful meeting, this unlikely duo forged the cutest bond you're likely to see on television.
Their story is one of indisputable serendipity. Leslie badly wanted a committee and the kudos that went with it, and Ann wanted an opportunity to vent her endless frustrations — but both women discovered something of more substance than they could have hoped for… lasting friendship.
Friends can be downright different
The oddest friendship pairing throughout all 7 seasons is undoubtedly that of Ron Swanson (Parks Director) and April Ludgate (Ron's assistant).
Ron admires April's unwavering apathy towards… well everything, and April respects Ron because he allows her to be exactly who she is. Although both share the same anarchic nature – they are essentially worlds apart in age, upbringing and standing. Yet the fondness they feel for each other sees both behaving uncharacteristically protective towards one another when life throws either a curve ball.
Friends will behave immorally and we just have to get over it
Tom Haverford (government official) is the quintessential wayward friend we've all had. He accidently shoots Ron in the head on a camping trip and lets Leslie take the blame. He allows Li'l Sebastian, Pawnee's beloved miniature horse to wander off into a nearby cornfield after leaving him unattended at the Harvest Festival; subsequently blaming his colleague Jerry.
Tom's narcissism and selfishness leaves you questioning why you would ever choose such a person as a friend. Nonetheless, you know that deep down there is a vulnerability you can't help but love and a fierce loyalty that would see him lay down his life for a friend.
Friends follow your dreams with you
Every character in Parks and Recreation are aided and abetted in the pursuit of their dreams. Whether it's Andy Dwyer's (Pawnee City Hall shoe shiner) unlikely goal of becoming a rock star with his band Mouse Rat, Tom's yearning to be a nightclub owner or Leslie's campaign for office; the faith, support and sacrifice they offer is inspiring and incredibly touching.
So as I reluctantly watch the concluding episodes of this remarkable show, I am left with a shining example of what friendship can look like if you're willing to put that extra bit of heart into it.
A mother was driving to her son's football game near Watsonville Tuesday when her sport utility vehicle struck a bicyclist, friends said.The bicyclist died at the scene. He was wearing athletic bike gear and was riding on a blue road bike. On Wednesday the California Highway Patrol identified him as a 73-year-old Aptos man, but did not release his name. The fatal accident happened at 2:45 p.m. when, according to the CHP, the bicyclist made an abrupt left turn into on-coming traffic. An SUV traveling northbound on Salinas Road hit the bicycle and he flew into the windshield. The 43-year-old Watsonville woman who was driving stayed at the scene. Her two children, ages 8 and 9, were in the SUV at the time of the accident, and the driver said she was in shock. CHP officers remained at the scene for hours investigating what caused the crash.
A mother was driving to her son's football game near Watsonville Tuesday when her sport utility vehicle struck a bicyclist, friends said.
The bicyclist died at the scene. He was wearing athletic bike gear and was riding on a blue road bike. On Wednesday the California Highway Patrol identified him as a 73-year-old Aptos man, but did not release his name.
Advertisement
The fatal accident happened at 2:45 p.m. when, according to the CHP, the bicyclist made an abrupt left turn into on-coming traffic.
An SUV traveling northbound on Salinas Road hit the bicycle and he flew into the windshield.
The 43-year-old Watsonville woman who was driving stayed at the scene. Her two children, ages 8 and 9, were in the SUV at the time of the accident, and the driver said she was in shock.
CHP officers remained at the scene for hours investigating what caused the crash.
AlertMe
RANCHI: A constable was killed and Ranchi SSP Prabhat Kumar and his bodyguard were injured when a group of suspected Maoists opened fire on the police team deployed for anti-Maoist operation in a Khunti village on Tuesday.SSP Kumar was leading a joint team of CRPF jawans and district (Ranchi and Khunti) police to Dulmi village, 30km from the city, on the border of Ranchi and Khunti districts. Police said Maoist zonal commander Kakila Munda alias Chandal and one of his aides were also killed in the cross-firing, but only Munda's body could be found.The SSP and the injured jawan were taken to Khunti sadar hospital for preliminary treatment. They were later shifted to a private hospital in Ranchi for better treatment. A doctor at Mahavir Medica super-speciality Hospital said: “The officer has sustained a bullet near his right armpit. He bled profusely but is out of danger.”Home minister Rajnath Singh on Tuesday spoke to Kumar. “I have spoken to Ranchi SSP Prabhat Kumar who displayed exemplary courage while fighting a Naxal group in Jharkhand ,” he said in a statement.
The U.S. State Department is firing back at Russia for its role in the alleged leak of an apparently bugged telephone conversation, about Ukraine, between two senior American diplomats, in which they are said to make disparaging comments about the European Union.
A recording has been posted to YouTube of voices resembling those of Assistant Secretary of State Victoria Nuland and U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine Geoffrey Pyatt. The people on the alleged call discuss international efforts to resolve Ukraine's ongoing political crisis, and at one point, the voice resembling Nuland's uses vulgar wording to suggest the European Union's position should be ignored.
State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki spoke Thursday in Washington.
"This is a new low in Russian trade craft in terms of publicizing, posting. I don't have any other independent details about the origin of the YouTube video, you're right. This has clearly happened overnight and is relatively new. But this is something they've been actively promoting, posting on, tweeting about, and certainly we feel that represents a new low," said Psaki.
Both Psaki and White House spokesman Jay Carney pointed to a tweet by an aide to Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin, which Psaki says was the first to promote the video.
Carney said Thursday the official's tweet, some seven hours before the video was publicly noticed, "says something about Russia's role'' in the matter.
The YouTube video is subtitled in Russian, raising suspicions that it was posted by a Russia-friendly source. Neither U.S. official would comment on the source of the audio.
Nuland arrived in Kyiv on Thursday to meet with Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych amid ongoing protests in the capital.
Psaki says Nuland has contacted her EU counterparts and apologized.
Carla Babb Carla is VOA's Pentagon correspondent covering defense and international security issues. Her datelines include Ukraine, Turkey, Pakistan, Afghanistan, Iraq and Korea. FOLLOW Subscribe
Streaming live 24/7 since 2008 to Europe, Asia, North/South/Central America, Africa and world wide. Now streaming 128K AAC for near CD quality, with over 18,000 songs and 6400+ lossless audio files in the library.
Not a show or podcast, it is non-stop ska, reggae, rocksteady, 2Tone, ska/punk and more. From 1960's Jamaican classics to today's newest albums we play it all.
Music by the fans for the fans. Non-commercial streaming ska radio Listen for exclusive live and unreleased tracks not available anywhere else.
Show schedule:
Daily: 12 Noon and Midnight (Pacific Time) Bob's Got You Covered For Lunch. 30 minutes of all ska covers.
Top Mobile Apps - Just install then search for and bookmark Bob's Ska Radio.
http://www.xiialive.com/
http://tunein.com/mobile/
http://streema.com/mobile/
Have a newer Iphone / Ipad ? No player needed, just click the icon and the stream will play in the native player. However, you may prefer to use one of these apps.
Top Desktop Programs
http://www.winamp.com
https://www.muses.org
https://www.foobar2000.org
http://www.videolan.org/vlc/index.html
Got Itunes?
Go to View, Internet Radio, select Reggae / Island and play Bob's Ska Radio.
For a family on Mumford Road in Greenville, this is the second time in 17 years they've had to move out of the way of the rising Tar River.
Their home is about two miles from the river and prone to flooding, but it's not just their home in jeopardy, it's also their means to get to it.
The Department of Transportation shut down the Greene Street Bridge just after 12:30 p.m. Monday as water there began to rise over the street.
For residents living at Cypress Glen Retirement Community, they needed volunteers to come help their senior citizens move to higher ground.
"This is our community, it's an opportunity to meet our neighbors help each other out and make our community a better place," says volunteer Ryan Perkins.
Perkins and men from his fitness group started helping residents after Hurricane Matthew hit.
"We were out yesterday and cutting down trees and helping clear roads, and we had a group come out yesterday evening to help out with the move and we brought even a bigger group today," he tells WITN.
Perkins and more than 200 volunteers saw on social media that they needed to get residents out of harm's way and brought in boxes, tape, PODS storage containers and trucks to haul away their personal belongings for safe keeping.
"It's been overwhelming, it's kinda crazy out here, this many people helping out, it's just really refreshing to see how many people really care," Perkins says.
There is no curfew Monday night in the city, but we're told police still have the authority to restrict some areas as water over some road may become impassable Monday night.
There are four shelters open in the county: North Pitt High School, Hope Middle, E.B. Aycock Middle and Wellcome Middle Schools.
PREVIOUS STORY:
Greenville has closed the Greene Street bridge over the Tar River because of rising water levels.
The city says it is likely that the Memorial Drive bridge and the Greenville Boulevard bridge over the Tar will close tomorrow by 5:00 p.m.
The city says there will not be a curfew Tuesday night.
There is still an evacuation order for those north of the Tar River and south of Belvoir Road, along with residents south of the river who live north of 1st Street, between Pitt Street and Brownlea Drive.
Previous Story
Greenville city leaders called for the mandatory evacuation of residents who live near the Tar River.
Mayor Allen Thomas issued the order for residents in several areas of concern as the river begins to rise.
The evacuation order is effective immediately and residents are asked to prepare to be away from home for at least one week.
The order applies to the following areas:
-Residences north of the Tar River and south of Belvoir Road to include as far east as Bradford Creek
-Residences south of the Tar River which are north of First Street between Pitt Street and Brownlea Drive as well as the Riverwalk and -Dockside neighborhoods
*Additionally, evacuations are recommended but not mandatory for areas north of the Tar River between Belvoir Highway and Highway 264, including Countryside Estates and Oak Grove. All areas along the Green Mill Run should also be observant of conditions and voluntary evacuation is recommended.
A map highlighting the areas that are included in the mandatory and voluntary evacuations can be viewed here.
To check your property and see how it may be impacted, you can click this link.
Pitt County Emergency Management, in conjunction with the American Red Cross, has opened two general population shelters.
Those are located at Wellcome Middle School, 3101 North Memorial Drive, Greenville, Hope Middle School, 2995 Mills Road (located near gymnasium), Greenville (opens at 5 p.m.), and E.B. Aycock Middle School, 1325 Red Banks Road, Greenville (opens at 7 p.m.).
The Greenville Area Transit System (GREAT Bus) will be making stops to pick up evacuating residents at the following locations:
-Devon Street and Oak Bend Drive
-Old Pactolus Road and Charlestowne Drive
-Jackson Avenue and Azalea Street
-Terrace Court and Old Well Drive
-East Dudley and North Pitt
-West Dudley and Legion Street
-Greenfield Boulevard and Woodside Road
-Haw Drive and West Belvoir Drive
-Old River Road and Airport Road
-Benjamin Drive and Old River Road
What to bring
-Identification
-A change of clothes, rain gear, and good walking shoes, extra socks and underwear.
-A sleeping bag (or two blankets), extra blanket, and small pillow per person. Most shelters will be located in schools and other public buildings. While they will have a limited amount of supplies, you and your family will be much more comfortable if you bring your own supplies.
-Prescription and over-the-counter medicines. A first-aid kit, including adhesive bandages.
-Cash, checkbooks, and credit cards (during a power outage, cash may be your only option)
-Flashlight and spare batteries
-Toiletries such as toothpaste/toothbrush, contact lens solution, toilet paper (they may run out) and hand sanitizer and feminine supplies.
-Important papers such as birth certificates, social security cards, insurance papers, titles and deeds, bank certificates, etc. (store them in a plastic envelope or binder to help protect them)
-Important phone numbers for contacting family, insurance companies, and banks
-Special items for infants (clothes, diapers, food/formula, bottles and nipples, food, small toys, blankets, portable crib, etc.)
-Water, stored in plastic bottles with screw caps; one gallon per person per day. Water services may be disrupted at the shelter as well in the early hours of an emergency.
-Non-perishable canned or packaged food and drinks (corned beef, tuna fish, apple sauce, cookies, juice, etc.), preferably that requires no cooking and a non-electric can opener. It may take a day or more to set up a regular meal schedule at a shelter.
-Extra pair of glasses or contacts and contact lens case and solution.
Special items for elderly or disabled family members.
Nelson RCMP are seeking the public's assistance in locating a missing youth, Sheldon Hicks, according to Staff Sgt. Dan Seibel.
Hicks is described as a 14-year-old (but appears older) white male, 5'8" , 145 lb, with blond shaggy hair and blue eyes.He was last seen wearing blue jeans, black ball cap, black sneakers and a backpack.
"On the morning of Feb. 20, Nelson RCMP received a phone call from Sheldon's mother reporting that her son had taken her vehicle without her consent," Seibel said. "A note was left by Sheldon saying that he was going to Vancouver with a roommate and that a job was lined up. The note also indicated that his mother's vehicle may be at the Nelson Safeway parking lot.
"RCMP following up and located the vehicle, however, Sheldon has not been seen since the evening of Feb. 19," Seibel added. "Anyone has recently seen or with knowledge or information of Sheldon HICKS whereabouts are asked to please contact NELSON RCMP at 250-352-2156
If one of your nerd friends suddenly had a heart attack today, it could have been from the years of drinking Code Red while playing WOW or it was because they heard that the Firefly cast was going to reunite for a new project. If you are one of those nerds who could suddenly have a grabber, relax. It's not a reunion like you think so don't get all wheezy on me.
The Firefly cast is indeed going to reunite but not for a TV show or a movie. No. They are getting back together to do the voices for Firefly online, a web game based on the show. They announced this news at Comic Con today so I'm surprised there weren't riots or a mass casualty event. The developers of the game sure know what audience they are catering to by announcing at Comic Con don't they?
Anyway, Firefly online will feature all of the original cast returning to voice their characters including Alan Tudyk, who's character (spoiler alert) was viciously gored to death by spaceship parts.
My two cents on this are that the developers had better do a good job making this game. Firefly fans are nothing if not out of work and able to get themselves to someone's office to voice their displeasure at a game if it is not done right. Rest assured that fans will be looking for even the slightest error or inconsistency that doesn't perfectly align with the show. Seriously. God help them if they get this wrong.
The nerdgasm has been so intense over the news of this game that traffic has actually caused the Firefly online website to crash. If it's back up, you can get more game info on their site but you will have to wait until the nerd world calms down a bit.
Oh and BTW, I am a fan of the show. Just not a fan like most are. I thought it was a good show that got cut short too soon but it wasn't a world changing show. Just another pretty good show that was killed before it's time.
Just yesterday we learned that Krampus writers Zach Shields and Michael Dougherty would be writing the next American Godzilla movie. Now it looks like there was even more to that announcement than we thought.
According to ScreenCrush, Michael Dougherty will not only help write the film but he'll be directing as well. As you probably already know, the original's director Gareth Edwards won't be coming back for the project. While that's certainly disappointing, Dougherty is a very interesting and promising replacement.
Even if you didn't see Krampus last year (and you should have), you might be familiar with Dougherty's other film, Trick ‘r Treat. He's a great director who knows how to do a lot with a little, and can hit nostalgic genre notes without blindly copying the past. More importantly, his films are fun.
How that translates to Godzilla is something that'll be on my mind a lot as we get closer to this thing. This will be a very different film from the 2014 Godzilla, that's for sure. Whether that excites you or not is a different story. I'm certainly into it, though.
Image caption British companies produce some world-leading space technologies
If the UK space sector is to build on the progress of recent years, it needs a defined and properly funded national space programme, a report says.
It is one of the key messages to come out of a review of an industry that has been growing by an average of more than 7% a year, even through the recession.
The Space Innovation & Growth Strategy (IGS) sets out a plan to boost exports from £2bn to £25bn per annum by 2030.
But to achieve this, the report says, state support needs more coherence.
"I don't want this to be a criticism of government because they have done some incredible things for space of late, but we have been doing these things piece by piece," explained Andy Green, the co-chair of the UK Space Leadership Council.
"It's time now that we take a long-term view on our technologies and the bi-laterals we have with other space nations, and make available a pool of funding over, say, the next five years that has some certainty.
"That will give us best value for money; the most bang for our buck," he told BBC News.
There are lots of sectors out there - both private and public - who don't realise just how dependent they already are on space services David Willetts, UK space minister
The majority of the civil space budget in the UK (nearly £300m) ends up being spent on programmes organised through the European Space Agency. A relatively small sum is spent on exclusively home-grown initiatives, and very often that money is delivered as one-offs to support special projects - such as the £60m announced in June for the Sabre air-breathing rocket engine being developed by Reaction Engines Ltd.
This is in contrast to Germany, France and Italy - the other big space players in Europe - who have robust national programmes in addition to their Esa participation.
The IGS report sets out a Space Growth Action Plan that it believes can lead to a thriving environment for space businesses in the UK - particularly for small and medium enterprises, or SMEs.
It is a call to industry to reach out into the wider UK and the global economy to sell the opportunities that exist in space applications, data and services.
Image caption The IGS wants multi-year commitment rather than piecemeal funding of particular projects
The hope is that new ideas and new markets can boost demand, drive technological innovation and further amplify the already healthy growth in the sector.
To achieve this, however, requires that the right sort of ecosystem is put in place.
The IGS wants the government to champion the absolute best regulatory and licensing arrangements, to ensure both that indigenous companies flourish but also that foreign concerns are persuaded they need to invest more in Britain.
One way the IGS believes this could be done is by government backing the necessary legal framework to permit a spaceport to be set up in the UK.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Andy Green: "We want a 10% share of the global market"
This might entice the new breed of launcher companies now offering lower-cost access to space to start operating services in Britain to the benefit of the home industry.
The report sets a target of 2018 for the spaceport to be established.
The IGS 2014-2030 report is a reboot of a study that was prepared for the previous Labour government but which was also enthusiastically endorsed by the current coalition when it came to power.
IGS targets for UK space sector To grow UK share of world space economy to 8% by 2020 and 10% by 2030
To raise value of exports from £2.5bn to £25bn per annum by 2030
Success depends on exploiting new high growth areas beyond traditional markets
Government can help with coherent and well funded National Space Programme
It will need a competitive and permissive regulatory environment
UK Space Agency should champion and seek to establish a spaceport by 2018
Many of the initial recommendations were acted upon, but the latest report says it is still waiting for the government to publish a National Space Policy. And congruent with such a policy would be a strong National Space Growth Programme to sit alongside the country's contribution to Esa, the IGS argues.
"Many elements of this programme already exist and therefore its creation does not necessarily require a large increase in government spending," the document reads. "It does however call for a strategic approach driven by the National Space Policy and a multi-year commitment."
The Space IGS is a document produced principally by and for industry to help it focus its future goals, but it is presented to government because the state's financial muscle makes it a very important player in the market.
David Willetts is the minister responsible for space. He said the coalition would produce a formal response in the new year, but added there was much to admire in the new document.
Document Space-ISG 2014-2030 Summary [4MB] Most computers will open PDF documents automatically, but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here
"What I like about this report is that it is optimistic, forward-looking and ambitious," Mr Willetts told BBC News.
"It is right to pick up that there are lots of sectors out there - both private and public - who don't realise just how dependent they already are on space services and how much more use they could be making of satellite applications in the future. That's a really important theme."
Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk and follow me on Twitter: @BBCAmos
“Those who will not reason, are bigots, those who cannot, are fools, and those who dare not, are slaves.”
- George Gordon Byron
Zikri Kamarulzaman's piece about a red night with Jamal had perhaps one of the best opening paragraphs I have seen in Malaysiakini reportage in some time. Not only was the article an interesting read about a subject which has truly been flogged but it was noteworthy because it described - unintentionally or not - the desperation within the ultra-Malay ranks and the rather pathetic obscurantism that defines right-wing Malay politics.
That line “a score of red-clad youths lingered like soldier fire ants protecting the colony” is worth the price of subscription but also accurately reflects the Umno caste structure and the underlying feudalistic nature of Malay society. While Jamal Mohd Yunos and his red-shirts may be Umno outsourced thugs, it would be a mistake to dismiss them as an aberration as far as mainstream Malay politics is concerned.
Because there never has been an alternative to the kind of racial politics that Umno offers, and there never has been an alternative ‘Malay' political power structure for Malays to gravitate to. Mind you, this is not only a Malay problem; the other communities have the same problem.
The erosion of support for BN amongst the non-Malay communities has little to do with ideology but rather the excesses of Umno and the erosion of non-Malay ‘rights' under successive Umno potentates, while the non-Malay components parties looked on while filling their coffers.
This is not to say all is lost in the Malay community. Where the opposition succeeds is when they remind the Malay community that the community is not monolithic. I drew attention to this in one of my numerous articles about former prime minister and current de facto leader of the opposition, Dr Mahathir Mohamad:
“What is lost and what Umno fears are remnants of a Malay polychromatic past, which emblems like flags and literature are slowing resurfacing which reminds the Malay community of their diverse past. How this lost past is slowly being reintroduced into the community and influencing the Malay community is beyond the scope of this piece and perhaps beyond my ability to articulate.
“The Malay community is fractured but merely claiming that Pakatan is duping those Malays in the opposition is the dumbest form of Umno propaganda. Mahathir's old canards, which perhaps could have galvanised Malay support en masse in the past, are all but over. Signs are evident even to those who practice their dark sorcery in the corridors of Putrajaya that a certain segment of the Malay community is immune to the spells of Umno.”
So while Jamal and his merry red-shirts are the agents provocateurs of Umno, what they say and do is reflective of certain mindset of a disenfranchised community who still think that only Umno can protect them and what they hold true from the other communities.
Those other communities who seem to profit from this land, although they do not have but more importantly, do not need those special rights and privileges which were supposed to elevate the Malay community but instead has left them trailing in the wake of the progress of the non-Malay communities.
The past is another country — but an alternate history is a whole new world. The best alternate histories can make you see the real history of our world in a whole new way, and make you realize that events that seem like they were inevitable... may not have been.
But an alternate history novel can easily turn into a disaster of historic proportions, if you don't know what you're doing. Here are 10 writing mistakes that authors of alternate history fall into. We talked to some of our favorite alt-history authors, to find out what classic mistakes bother them. Here's what they told us.
Advertisement
Top image: Mayflower II, via National Geographic, thanks MaryKate!
10. Failing to bring it up to the present.
This is an "uncommon but grievous rookie mistake," says Terry Bisson, whose alternate history of 1968, Any Day Now, comes out March 1. If you don't bring your alternate history up to the reader's present, then you leave out half the fun. "Philip Roth, who had never read and therefore didn't know he was writing alternate history, committed this sin of omission in his otherwise excellent The Plot Against America," Bisson adds.
Advertisement
9. Not recognizing that some historical developments were probably inevitable.
Often, we think of history in terms of a single person who did something heroic and historic — like, Columbus sailed across the Atlantic and started the European age of exploration. The big breakthrough that allowed Europeans to sail the world was a greater knowledge of deep-ocean currents and wind patterns, says Tears of the Sun author S.M. Stirling — once you know the winds blow consistently from East to West off the coast of Northwest Africa, and from East to West further North, it's fairly easy to sail the Atlantic. So if Columbus hadn't sailed to the New World from Western Europe, someone else would have fairly soon after. Basque fisherman may already have been sailing to Newfoundland a few years before Columbus.
So if you wanted to change the Age of Exploration, says Stirling, you'd need a fairly major change, much earlier in history — not just a major setback for Christopher Columbus.
Advertisement
8. Ignoring historical factors that were important at the time, even if they aren't important to your story.
A big part of writing alternate history, is making judgments about which historical points to pursue, and which to "let fall by the wayside," says Boneshaker author Cherie Priest. But watch out — if you ignore something that was important to the people at the time, then you risk throwing some people out of the story. In Priest's second steampunk novel Dreadnought, there's "a climactic scene that basically features dueling trains shooting at one another through the Provo pass in Utah." Priest decided not to delve into issues of land acquisition, or explain how the rail lines got the rights to use the Provo pass in her timeline. This caused an uproar among some online reviewers, who felt that was an important detail at the time. Priest says she still believes in picking and choosing which details to focus on, but has also tried to "take a more holistic approach to my alternate timeline building - giving at least a nod to the things that were contemporarily important, even if they aren't immediately critical to my fiction."
Advertisement
7. Not accounting for even the most obvious ripples from one big change
You can't account for all of the ripples from one point of departure (POD), because those ripples will have ripples, and so on, says Stirling, whose books include the Draka trilogy and the Emberverse books. But you can, and should, pay attention to things that almost happened in real history — because they might well have happened, if things were different.
For example, say that Columbus never sailed to the New World, says Stirling. Sure, someone else would have, pretty soon afterwards. But that change might have meant that someone else, instead of Cortés, conquered Mexico. The Spanish were always terrified that some conquistador would set himself up as a local king, something Cortés apparently had no interest in. But if someone else had replaced Cortés, could that person have become Emperor of Mexico? Thus, one change — Columbus not sailing — has a strong likelihood of an obvious ripple effect, down the line. This is the sort of thing you should at least be aware of, based on being steeped in the real-life history.
Update: We just heard back from The Yiddish Policemen's Union author Michael Chabon, who had a similar point to offer: "I am much less interested in a fiction that explores the jonbar hinge, the point of divergence itself, as opposed to fiction that explores the imagined aftermath."
Advertisement
6. Concentrating too much on the one changed event, instead of all the events that led up to it.
Just as authors sometimes fail to consider the obvious "ripple effects" that might result from one major change, they often act as though a major change comes out of nowhere, says Jon Courtenay Grimwood. Every historical event has a bunch of causes that lead up to it, so if you want to make a major alteration seem plausible, you have to tweak the factors, so that the changed event appears inevitable in retrospect. The real reasons for the change might be ten years earlier, or even a hundred years.
Adds Grimwood:
When I did the set up for Pashazade, the first of the Arabesk mysteries, I read the newspapers from the end of the First World War and the fall of all the dozens of little German kingdoms with their kings packing up their luggage and heading for the border seemed shocking. In retrospect it seems obvious that would happen. My world had World War I end in 1915 so that never happened. The kingdoms remained and World War II never happened.
Advertisement
5. Mixing up urban legends with actual history
Rule of thumb: If you have to look up on Wikipedia to figure out when the Hundred Years War happened, you probably shouldn't write about early modern Europe, says The Big Switch author Harry Turtledove. A lot of us think that we know the history, more than we actually do — and relying on your pop-history understanding of the past is the surest way to doom an alt-history.
Adds Stirling:
There's an old saying I'm fond of: "It ain't what you don't know that'll kill you; it's what you think you know that just ain't so." People tend to assume that they know things about the past that are in fact folk-history and quite wrong. Because they think they already know, they don't bother to look. This is a trap always waiting before our feet and nobody's totally immune to it.
Advertisement
For example, people quote that line from Romeo and Juliet about young mothers, and think the average age of marriage in Elizabethan England was the early teens — but in fact, people mostly married in their mid-twenties, and this was a dig at those weird Italians. Similarly, we "know" that the Victorians were prudes, without recognizing the Victorian era lasted decades, and was a reaction to the libertine age that came before.
4. Assuming that nothing will change besides your one big alteration — or that everything will
Unless your change is so major that the world is unrecognizeable afterwards, some stuff will still stay the same, says Grimwood. "Some brands will still exist, others won't. Some attitudes will still exist, others won't." Both sins are equally bad: Pretending that absolutely nothing will change apart from one historical event is just as unrealistic as assuming that the world will be totally different in every detail.
Advertisement
3. Making the story go where you want it to go, instead of where your altered history will support
This is one that bothers Turtledove — when you write allohistory, he says, you're trying to tell a story, "trying to entertain and, with luck, to provoke some thought." And when it comes down to it, you can break almost any rule in the service of a good story. Except that it does have to make sense, and Turtledove says one common sin is "making the story go where you want it to go, regardless of whether they change you've made can plausibly take you there."
Advertisement
2. Explaining too much
Says Steven Barnes, author of Zulu Heart and other alt-history novels:
I suspect that the biggest problem is an author showing off their research — they did it, and therefore figure the reader will be as fascinated with the minutiae as they themselves were. Determining the pertinent details of the time-shift, and then integrating them organically is a serious challenge.
Adds Turtledove, "One of the real problems with alternate history is explaining too bloody much — the 'As you know, Bob' syndrome is strong in this subgenre."
Advertisement
1. Forgetting to tell a good story
This is the biggest sin of alternate history, says Anno Dracula author Kim Newman — if you're not creating interesting characters and a story worth telling, then you're just "doodling in the margins of history." There has to be a point to all this stuff, beyond just the fascinating "what if" question. Turtledove agrees, saying that "cardboard characters" and dull writing are the biggest problem with bad alternate history.
I'll let Paleofuture writer Matt Novak have the last word:
Fundamentally, all stories are about the relationships between characters and when we try to paint an alternate universe with an intricate counterfactual history, too often we get swept up in the details. The reason Pixar films are timeless and most Dreamworks animation movies will wind up in the dustbin of history is that Pixar focuses on characters while Dreamworks makes pop culture references. Like I said, this seems counter-intuitive when talking about alternate histories, but every once in a while you need to step back and remind yourself that as an author you're creating a world with characters that have motivations not unlike those that you're familiar with today. Great alternate histories are timeless.
Advertisement
All images except top image by Alternate Histories/Matthew Buchholz on Etsy.
I 've always been a big fan of curries and soups so one day I thought "Why not combine the two and make a spicy curry soup?" You can find Thai curry pastes in the Asian section of most grocery stores. The most common varieties you will find are red, green, and yellow. This recipe calls for the red variety. Typical of most Thai foods, this soup features many contrasting yet complementary flavors and textures, including sweet butternut squash, fragrant basil, tart lime juice, spicy red curry paste and salty fish sauce (if you are vegetarian, you can leave out the fish sauce and still make a great soup.) Creamy coconut milk adds substance to the soup making it ideal for lunch or a light dinner. For an attractive garnish, try topping the soup with bean sprouts and chopped peanuts. Spring Rolls
~
Spicy Thai Curry Soup
~
Tofu and Spinach with Peanut Sauce
~
Steamed Jasmine Rice Ingredients 2 tablespoons vegetable oil
1 medium onion, chopped
2 large cloves of garlic, minced
1 tablespoon peeled and finely minced ginger
1 tablespoon thai red curry paste (or more if you like it really spicy!)
4 cups vegetable stock
1/2 pound green beans, trimmed and cut into 1 inch pieces (about 2 cups)
1 pound butternut squash, cut into 1/2 inch cubes (about 3 cups)
1 tablespoon sugar
2 tablespoons thai fish sauce
salt and pepper
1 to 1-1/2 cups coconut milk
2 limes
a good handful of fresh basil, cut into thin slivers Cooking Instructions Heat the oil over medium heat in a large pot. When hot, add the onions. Cook the onions for about 3 to 5 minutes, stirring frequently, without letting the onions brown. Add the garlic and ginger and cook for 30 seconds longer. Mix the red curry paste with about 1/4 cup of the vegetable stock (you may need to use a fork to mash the curry paste into the stock depending on how stiff the paste is). Add this mixture to the pot along with the remaining stock, green beans, butternut squash, sugar, and fish sauce. Bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce the heat and simmer, covered, for about 10 to 15 minutes until the vegetables are tender. Season with salt and pepper as necessary. Add the coconut milk, the juice from one of the limes and the fresh basil to the pot and allow the soup to heat through. Ladle the soup into serving bowls. Cut the remaining lime into wedges and serve alongside the soup. Makes 4 to 6 servings Appetizers Soups Beans and Grains Noodles Meatless Entrees Seafood Vegetables Beverages Recipes A to Z elliemay.com store elliemay's blog To turn this into a heartier dish, add some cooked rice noodles or shrimp. I prefer to peel squash using a vegetable peeler over using a knife but you can do it any way you feel comfortable. Remember that squash are very resistant to cutting so take great care not to cut yourself and always use a very sharp peeler or knife.
Here's Sanders claiming Trump was “making a joke” with his comments on police brutality. Bullshit. pic.twitter.com/uz1hTgiUxB — Matthew Gertz (@MattGertz) July 31, 2017
President Donald Trump raised eyebrows Friday when he suggested cops get rough with suspects, but White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Monday that he shouldn't be taken literally.
“I believe he was making a joke at the time,” she said at a press briefing, after a reporter asked if it was just a joke.
Trump made the statement before law enforcement officers at Suffolk County Community College, in a speech blasting other presidents for being lax on immigration policy.
“When you see these thugs being thrown into the back of a paddy wagon, you just see them thrown in. Rough,” he said. “I said, ‘please don't be too nice. Like when you guys put somebody in the car and you are protecting their head, the way you put your hand [over their head]. Like, don't hit their head, and they've just killed somebody, don't hit their head. I said you could take the hand away.” Officers in the audience cheered.
The statement quickly got condemnation, however, even from law enforcement. Look at these subtweets from the Suffolk County Police Department
As a department, we do not and will not tolerate roughing up of prisoners. — Suffolk County PD (@SCPDHq) July 28, 2017
[Screengrab via CNN]
It was either the East Bay real-estate crime of the century, or one of the smartest, boldest business moves a landlord ever made.
As the global economy was imploding in 2008, local investor Michael Marr began scooping up foreclosed homes at public auctions, often for less than half their current market value. By 2012, Marr had purchased hundreds of properties. He flipped some of his auction winnings as housing prices began their meteoric climb again. But the rest — a giant collection of ramshackle bungalows, mid-century block apartment buildings, back-lot annexes and funky duplexes located mainly in Oakland's flatlands — are rental properties managed by one of Marr's companies, Community Realty. And, thanks to soaring rents, Marr's properties have generated unusually big investment returns. Definitely a smart business move.
Marr owns approximately 333 Oakland houses and apartment buildings, according to Alameda County records, making him the fourth largest property owner in the city, outranked only by the city of Oakland, the state of California, and the Oakland Housing Authority. His company claims to have invested more than $300 million in East Bay real estate, with 1,300 rental units under management.
If Marr's empire was a Monopoly board game, he'd definitely have the most little green houses.
But local tenants have grown increasingly frustrated with Marr's property-management company, due to what they say are bruising rent increases and substandard living conditions, and now a small contingent of fed-up renters are petitioning the C­ity of Oakland to intervene with help.
Things got worse for Marr in 2011, when the FBI raided his offices as part of a probe into what federal agents have characterized as a "conspiracy" to rig foreclosure auctions. They say Marr scooped up distressed housing at below-market prices and cheated lenders, banks, indebted homeowners, and taxpayers. A federal grand jury indicted Marr and eleven other East Bay real-estate investors in 2014, alleging they made a pact not to compete with one another at foreclosure auctions.
Instead, the feds say they gathered on the steps of Alameda County's Rene C. Davidson Courthouse and at other auction sites, and bought real estate at purposefully "suppressed" prices, divvying the spoils among themselves later at secretly held "secondary auctions."
So, which was it: business brilliance or a criminal conspiracy?
'This is Outrageous'
Billy Martin lives in a small two-bedroom, ground-floor apartment in a three-unit building, tucked behind a house on a long lot in deep East Oakland. Community Realty bought the grey stucco triplex, along with a separate house at the front of the lot, in 2014 for $385,000, two years after Deutsche Bank foreclosed on the original owner. Martin, with his gravely voice and a gleaming golden Bluetooth always plugged in his ear, wants the government to suspend all of Marr's assets and prevent his company from raising rents during the fed's trial. "They should freeze everything he's doing until after he's out of court and there's a final decision about whether or not he's guilty," Martin said.
Dozens of investors in Northern California already pleaded guilty to organizing similar bid-rigging schemes at foreclosure auctions. But Marr and his associates insist they are innocent, that he's a federal scapegoat instead of going after the after banks. He's hired expert white-collar defense attorneys to fight the feds, all the way through a jury trial if necessary.
But a growing number of Marr's tenants are beginning to complain about big rent increases and issues such as missing windows, bedbugs, mysteriously disappearing rent checks, and shady eviction practices. Some of these renters are fighting Marr's company before Oakland's rent board. Others have written to Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf and City Attorney Barbara Parker, asking them to intervene by sending building inspectors.
Martin thinks Marr will be found guilty. "So, in the meantime, what he's doing to people like me, well, it shouldn't be legal."
What's Martin's beef? He says that one of the first things Marr did after purchasing his building was to make substantial repairs on two of the empty units on the property. Marr didn't do much to improve the specific unit Martin lives in, he claimed. Then came surprising news: Marr sent a letter demanding a 75 percent rent increase, raising Martin's rent from $800 to $1,400 a month.
"My wife works two jobs, my job is part-time, so we could afford some raise in the rent," he said. "But this is outrageous."
The fifty-year-old, who lives with his wife and two sons, grew up in Oakland and has seen a lot of things change. But he said he's never seen the city's housing situation so out of control. "If he prices us out, we don't have anywhere to go," Martin said.
Martin's next-door neighbor Willie Packnett is facing an even bigger rent increase — a $1,000 monthly bump, which Marr's company demanded in June of last year. "We're getting squeezed out," said Packnett, who moved to Oakland in 1977 after he got out of the military.
Packnett's two daughters, and their two children, live with him. "One of my grandchildren has sickle cell anemia," he said. "The other has asthma." He explained that it now seems that the only affordable place for people like him is far outside of Oakland, in places like the Central Valley. But he fears that moving would negatively impact his grandchildren's health.
Martin and Packnett have filed petitions with the city's Rent Adjustment Program, seeking to halt the increases. They pleaded their case to a hearing officer, and the city ruled in their favor.
Request a Quote
The Country's Premier Boutique Search Firm for the Hospitality Industry
Executive Search Firm A business is only as strong as its employees. For this reason, hospitality businesses should be particularly careful when hiring employees. In the hospitality industry, your employees, and especially your hired management, act as the face of your company. To ensure that your clients and customers associate a welcoming and courteous face with your business, you must take extra precautions when hiring. Cypress Hospitality Group is an executive search firm based out of Jacksonville that supplies hospitality businesses in large cities nationwide with superior management recruiting services. As a practical business ourselves, we understand the effect your employees have on the day-to-day functioning of your company.
Hospitality Management Recruiter We specialize in serving both job seekers and employers nationwide. This allows us to perfectly match the right candidate to the available position within your hospitality business. Cypress Hospitality Group quickly locates and thoroughly screens all candidates to guarantee that you are presented with a hardworking, reputable employee. Let us help you make sure that your hospitality business is staffed with only the highest quality personnel for every area of hospitality you serve in. We utilize our hospitality management recruiting skills to fill positions in the following levels of management: Unit-Level
Culinary Hotel/Resort
Senior-Level/Executive
Executive-Level Management Recruitment Cypress Hospitality Group is committed to finding your business the most qualified candidates for all of your executive level management positions. Our executive level recruiting agency extends its services nationwide. Over our 10 years of experience, we have assisted hospitality businesses across the country. Some of the main cities in which we focus our services are: Miami
Atlanta
New York City San Francisco
Washington DC
Boston Los Angeles
Baltimore
Chicago Jacksonville
Phoenix, AZ
Charlotte, NC Columbia, SC
Charleston, SC In addition to the services we provide hospitality businesses, we also assist individuals seeking management level employment in the hospitality industry. As an executive search agency, we are committed to providing these possible candidates for your company with the help and guidance they need to increase their potential career opportunities. To learn more about our services as a nationwide executive search firm, call (904) 290-2529! We are committed to providing the hospitality industry with our executive level management recruiting skills. Contact Us
Our Expertise We have experience serving the following types of businesses as a hospitality recruiter: Restaurants
Resorts Hotels
Casinos Country Clubs
Upscale Nightclubs
Contact Us Thank you for visiting our website. Please fill out the following form to request information about our products and services or to provide feedback about our site. When you are finished, click the 'Submit' button to send us your message. You will see a confirmation below. Phone
(844) 572-5939 Hours of Operation
Monday – Friday, 8 a.m. – 5 p.m. Share
As the Hurricane Harvey enters the record books for destructive rainfall, the country has come together in full “Help Your Neighbor” mode. The U.S. Renewable Energy Association is no stranger to initiatives that help others or provide incentives to help our fellow man.
In the spirit of fellowship that has called so many to action, we have pledged 1/3 of all our New Membership dollars for the next 6 months to the Hurricane Harvey Relief effort. Anyone becoming (or renewing) their Individual or Business Membership will be assured 1/3 the total amount will be sent on to help those in need while helping the U.S. Renewable Energy Association to promote renewable energy in the USA.
There has never been a better time to join and receive the full benefits of membership. Change Your Energy… Change The World
The European tech scene has been shaken up by the UK's decision to leave the EU (which has been popularly called Brexit). Major tech and financial services firms such as Microsoft, HSBC, and UBS have all expressed taking their business elsewhere after the Brexit vote. This comes as a huge blow for the UK's emerging financial technology (fintech) sector as many were hoping that fintech would be the next big thing for the UK tech ventures. Investments in UK fintech dropped 33.7 percent in 2016 while the rest of the world enjoyed an uptick VC funding.
Countries such as Sweden stand to benefit from this. Sweden has been positioning itself to be a major fintech hub not only in the EU but in the world. Swedish fintech firms have been doing quite well grabbing 32 out of 51 investments made by venture capitalists in Nordic countries. Online payment firm Klarna and card reader maker iZettle lead the way with valuations of $2.3 billion and $500 million respectively.
So why is Sweden a top destination for fintech ventures? Here are three reasons why Sweden holds key advantages in the fintech space.
Progressive banking
In the US, financial services are stunted by inertia. Adoption of mobile payments has been relatively slow despite the introduction of services such as Apple Pay and Android Pay. These digital wallets are already built in to popular mobile phones but users still hesitate to use them due to limited merchants accepting such payments and concerns over security.
There are also some nagging issues brought about by traditional financial practices. Enabling the use of diverse funding sources such debit and credit cards and cash required fintech firms to deal with separate institutions. Each bank would also have its own system and many transactions would have fees attached. Banks and card companies are also still very restrictive in allowing third-party services easier access to their systems in order to facilitate payments.
In contrast, regions with relatively younger banking systems like China are able to readily adopt fintech solutions. Adoption of mobile technologies was more widespread than banking. This became an opportunity for China's tech giants to offer mobile payments instead. In 2016, China's mobile payment usage amounted to 50 times that of the US'.
Sweden enjoys a very different case. Sweden enjoys a long banking history. Its central bank traces its roots to the 17th century. As a neutral country in the World War II, Sweden did not have to rebuild its economic base. Many long-standing institutions find it hard to adapt but Sweden made economic changes after suffering from a financial crisis in the early 1990s.
The country's banking system is quite progressive and it has stayed at pace with the developments in technology. Its major banks put up systems that allow them to easily transact fund transfers and clearing with each other. As such, local interbank fund transfers are real-time and free. Online banking also allows for cheaper bank fees for other transactions compared to physical banking. This interconnectedness serves as a good launch pad for fintech to work with.
Cashless preferred
Aside from having such banking systems in place, Sweden's attitude towards money is also driving the types of fintech services that are offered. Bank accounts are essential to Swedish finances. Employees receive wages through their bank accounts so it is only convenient for customers to use them to manage finances. Some banks can even use a customer's bank account to review the person's financial history for purposes of loan and mortgage applications.
This attitude allows fintech players to emphasize the bank account in their services. While other payment processors focus on accommodating all funding sources such as credit cards and even digital currencies, Stockholm-based fintech firm Trustly focuses on this straightforward proposition – shop and pay from a bank account. Only a month ago, Trustly announced a massive spike in transaction volumes in 2016 with the company hitting €3.2 billion. The company has its presence already in 29 countries and 190 banks and processes 2.2 million payments monthly.
Discussing Trustly's winning strategy, CEO Oscar Berglund says the company wants to be the go-to payment provider in Europe.
“We did a big push at the end of 2015 because we said to ourselves, we want to be the European bank payment provider for merchants. E-commerce is becoming increasingly cross-border. If you're online, you increasingly want to sell to not only your own market but also across Europe. If they integrate with us, they can get paid by consumers across all of Europe. No one else can do that.”
The Swedish people have also embraced the cashless lifestyle. Only a fifth of retail is done in cash. Public transport and dining establishments now avoid cash. Sweden has been courting the possibility of being the first cashless country. Use of banknotes and coins is down 40 percent since 2009 and even a number of bank branches do not even allow hard cash transactions.
Recently, six banks have also teamed up as a consortium to create the Swish mobile app. It is a payments system that was initially designed for consumer-to-consumer fund transfers but has evolved to be in use by businesses. It is in use by more than 5 million users. It is exclusive for the Swedish krona but there is a possibility for it to eventually allow cross-border and cross-currency transactions in the future.
Less restrictive regulations
Credit should also be given to Sweden's government for allowing investments in technology. Government transactions are mostly digital thus making tech-based transactions part of Swedish life.
It would not be just in payments where fintech ventures can make an impact. Opportunities to innovate will increase once the EU's Revised Payment Services Directive (PSD2) kicks in by 2018. With the directive, consumers and businesses are allowed to use third-party services to manage their finances. Banks have to open up their APIs and allow these services access to people's account information. The regulation also opens up opportunities for easier cross-border transactions.
This directive essentially disrupts the whole financial services sector. Some may even argue that the Swish app is the banks' attempt to stay relevant as PSD2 essentially blurs the distinction between banks and fintech players when it comes to how to interface with customers. As long as there is healthy competition, customers are most likely to benefit from the innovations that would result from this disruption. Sweden boasts of healthy free market policies.
Investments in cultivating the sector are also being made. The country is also set to get its fintech hub this year where companies, banks, and regulators can collaborate. The hub will house co-working spaces and a conference center to encourage tech companies to venture into fintech. As a member of EU, Sweden allows for European investors and workers to set up shop easier. Among the fears of UK-based firms with Brexit are that hiring good talent from Europe will be harder due to more restrictive immigration policies.
Poised for success
All these developments seem to brew the perfect storm for Sweden to dominate fintech. There is still much uncertainty looming with Brexit for many firms but Sweden's regulatory directions and business environment inspires entrepreneur and investor confidence. Firms would definitely do well exploring Sweden's fintech sector for opportunities.
This post is part of our contributor series. It is written and published independently of TNW.
This post is part of our contributor series. The views expressed are the author's own and not necessarily shared by TNW.
Read next: Trends That Will Shape the Global Economy in 2017
Welcome to the BuyItForLife Wiki Edit
For practical, durable and quality made products that are made to last.
Item Categories Edit
Mission Statement Edit
This wiki is created to showcase high quality, durable, and practical products that can be bought once and used for life.
BIFL is intended to fill a niche for only high quality and durable products. Include the link to a place where the product can be bought.
Link to websites where there are reputable reviews. Amazon is the best place because it is relatively easy to purchase from there and the reviews are somewhat more trustworthy (although there are still fake reviews there too, buyer beware).
A secondary consideration is for products that are high-quality, durable and portable. Some users will have transient lifestyles and reducing weight, along with waste and resources is also a laudable goal.
From: An Anonymous Midwest Reader [Email him]
I used to know a health inspector in Madison, Wisconsin.
She inspected restaurants, outdoor food vendors, swimming pools, etc.
She said that she had a lot of trouble with immigrants who did not understand or believe modern principles of sanitation and hygiene. They often told her that she was just oppressing them because she was white and they were brown. She was often forced to resort to threats: "Okay, you don't believe me when I tell you these are important health rules. Well, do them anyway because otherwise I will shut you down."
Among the practices they saw no value in, and would not follow:
Keep hot foods hot and cold foods cold.
Wash hands when returning from bathroom.
Wash hands after handling meat and eggs, and before handling foods that are served raw.
I used to know a field biologist who lived in the Chicago area. He related some of his experiences in rural Central America. For instance, he saw a woman carrying cut up goat meat from the slaughtering pen to the kitchen. She dropped the tray onto ground that was covered with animal feces. She laughed and picked up the meat and continued on to the kitchen. She and the other villagers saw nothing risky in eating food that had been contaminated with animal feces.
Hillary Clinton campaign manager Robbie Mook is growing concerned about Hillary's chances of winning in November.
In his latest email Mook told Hillary supporters Donald Trump's path to the presidency is clear and real.
The Examiner reported:
This wasn't supposed to happen. But now even Team Hillary believes that Republican Donald Trump is on the verge of winning the presidency.
In a new warning to supporters, Hillary Rodham Clinton's campaign manager, Robby Mook, elevated the chances of a Trump victory from 10 percent to 40 percent.
His siren call comes as polls show the two candidates dead even on the Electoral Vote count.
“A month ago, Trump had maybe a 10 or 20 percent chance of winning this election. Today, in most models, his odds have risen to 30 or 40 percent,” wrote Mook on the note below:
The man who shot himself on the steps of Memorial Church Saturday morning had published online a 1,905-page document entitled “Suicide Note,” according to his mother.
The death of Mitchell L. Heisman, a 35-year-old Somerville resident, on campus was met with shock, and University officials described the incident as “tragic.”
“It's really sad, it was horrible, and these kinds of incidents affect all of us really negatively,” Dean of the College Evelynn M. Hammonds said in an interview yesterday. “This campus is situated in an urban context, and we can't control these kinds of things.”
Born in New York City in 1975, Heisman attended elementary school in Monroe Township, N.J., and graduated with a bachelor's in psychology from the University of Albany.
While living in a Craigie Street apartment, Heisman wrote “Suicide Note,” a sprawling series of arguments that touch upon historical, religious, and nihilist themes, his mother said.
Advertisement
“He didn't show me that this was at all what he had in his mind. All I knew was he was finishing his book and he was happy about that,” said his mother Lonni Heisman, 76.
Heisman said she supported publishing her son's name in The Crimson to let people know of his work “because that's what he wanted.”
An avid reader interested in mathematics and science, Heisman visited Harvard libraries and may have contacted professors while writing the document, his mother said.
A University spokesman was unable to confirm whether Heisman had reached out to Harvard faculty last night.
The document references Harvard and research done by Harvard faculty—such as Law School professor Alan M. Dershowitz, government professor Harvey C. Mansfield '53, and psychology professor Steven Pinker—more than half a dozen times.
Heisman discusses death at length in the piece, which is publicly available online.
Heisman committed suicide on the top step of Memorial Church Saturday in front of a tour group of more than 20 people, according to a Cambridge Police Department report.
His death took place during Yom Kippur services that morning and resulted in campus security shutting down the eastern half of Harvard Yard for much of the day.
Jared L. Nathanson, a 37-year-old singer who described himself as Heisman's acquaintance, said he had had conversations with Heisman about art, music, and movies.
Nathanson received a copy of “Suicide Note” in an e-mail that day.
A bit of a civil war has broken out within the left-leaning wing of the economics blogosphere. Gerald Friedman, an economist at the University of Massachusetts at Amherst, recently wrote a paper summarizing Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders' economic proposals. But many economists and bloggers are criticizing the presidential candidate's spending proposals for including unrealistic assumptions about growth.
A group of economists who worked in the Clinton and Obama administrations have written an open letter to Sanders and Friedman, warning that Friedman's claims "cannot be supported by the economic evidence" and urging a return to evidence-based policy. Obama's former chief economic adviser Austan Goolsbee puts it rather more floridly, saying that Sanders' plans have "evolved into magic flying puppies with winning Lotto tickets tied to their collars."
What are these magic flying puppies? Much of what Sanders is proposing consists of more government spending on public services, such as education and health care, and higher taxes on the rich. But the latter are not big enough to pay for the former if the economy stays on its current moderate-growth path.
For Sanders' proposals to be feasible in the long term, they must avoid putting the U.S. fiscal deficit on an unsustainable path. The only way that will happen is if productivity grows at a historically rapid rate and labor force participation rises to historic highs. Specifically, Friedman assumes that under Sanders, real gross domestic product growth will increase to a torrid 4.5 percent from its recent rate of just over 2 percent. That is even higher than the 4 percent being promised — unrealistically, I might add — by the Jeb Bush campaign. Friedman projects that under Sanders, median household income will soar to more than $82,000 by 2026, up from the current level of around $55,000. That would be an unprecedented bonanza.
To get to 4.5 percent growth, Friedman assumes that in a Sanders presidency, productivity growth will double from its current rate of around 1.6 percent, to around 3.2 percent. To justify this, Friedman relies on the historical correlation between unemployment and productivity. Historically, times of strong growth in productivity also tended to be times when most people had jobs. So Friedman's logic is this: Sanders will reduce unemployment, and higher productivity growth will be the result.
But Friedman is misinterpreting correlation as causation. How will lowering unemployment actually cause productivity to rise? If anything, we'd expect the reverse — the last workers to get jobs as unemployment goes down are usually the least productive, meaning that falling unemployment will usually put a little bit of a drag on productivity.
Even accepting this highly unrealistic idea, a sustained 3.2 percent growth rate in labor productivity would be historically unprecedented:
Only for very brief periods has productivity ever reached the level that Friedman assumes it will average under Sanders for the foreseeable future.
Friedman also assumes that under Sanders, the employment-to-population ratio will rise to 65 percent. As Kevin Drum at Mother Jones points out, that has never happened.
In addition, Friedman doesn't take aging into account. The population is a lot older than it used to be, and it's getting older. Older people don't work very much, because they retire. That means that we should expect the maximum employment-to-population ratio to be lower than in the past. Friedman ignores this completely.
So not only does Friedman make some very dodgy theoretical assumptions, but he also assumes that Sanders' plans will be so good for the economy that they will make both productivity and employment much stronger than they have ever been in the postwar period — much, much better than in the booming 1960s or the late 1990s.
But it gets worse. Even if Sanders were able to produce all of these pie-in-the-sky results, they won't be enough to pay for his spending proposals in the long term. A rise in the employment ratio only lifts GDP growth temporarily — after that, all available workers have been employed. But Sanders' spending proposals would last forever. Eventually, growth must slow, even allowing for the magical productivity increases that Friedman promises. At that point, the deficit will start rising on an unsustainable path once again.
In other words, the assessments of Goolsbee and other economists are correct: Sanders' economic promises, as expressed by Friedman, are highly unrealistic.
Some left-leaning commentators contend that it's OK to make unrealistic promises, since the Republicans do this all the time. Fight fire with fire, right? But Paul Krugman argues — correctly, in my view — that Democrats have benefited quite a bit from taking the path of economic realism over the last few decades. The Republicans' fantasy that tax cuts pay for themselves has probably not served them well electorally. It would be a shame if Democrats were to conclude that they need an equal and opposite form of voodoo economics.
Bloomberg View
Noah Smith is an assistant professor of finance at Stony Brook University and a freelance writer for finance and business publications.
Tech entrepreneurs predict growth despite Brexit and skilled staff shortages
Recent figures put the UK digital technology industry's value at £161 billion in the UK, with revenue generated by 58,000 technology businesses nationwide. This sector of the UK economy grew 32% faster than the rest of the UK (2010-2014) and employs 1.56 million people
Since the confirmation of the UK's impending departure from the UK, the general consensus from the UK tech sector has been that of negativity
Two thirds (65%) of small and medium-sized tech and telecom firms plan to grow dramatically or moderately over the next two years, according to a new report launched by Albion Ventures. Only 7% think they will shrink or wind down.
Based on interviews with more than 1,000 SMEs including 150 tech and telco firms, the fourth Albion Growth Report sheds light on the factors that create and impede growth in post-Brexit Britain.
Finding skilled staff is the biggest challenge
With nearly half (48%) of tech entrepreneurs planning to grow their headcount over the next two years, finding skilled staff has emerged as the biggest challenge they face (48%), followed by accessing new markets (31%) participating in public procurement processes, leaving the EU, and broader political uncertainty (30%).
>See also: Why the UK's technology sector will survive Brexit
Tech and telco business owners are more opposed to Brexit
The report shows that anti-Brexit sentiment is stronger among tech business leaders than other SME sectors; half (49%) of tech entrepreneurs think that Brexit will hinder their ability to enter new markets compared to an all-sector average figure of 41%.
However, over a third (36%) of tech CEOs are optimistic about Brexit and expect it to help their chances of winning new business.
Tech firms most open to raising venture capital
According to the Report, more than three quarters (76%) of small and medium-sized tech firms would consider investment from venture capital, private equity firms or business angels, the highest of any SME business sector recorded.
Almost four in ten (37%) of tech entrepreneurs said they would deploy equity finance to develop their business and a quarter (23%) to invest in new products and services and recruit new staff.
>See also: Brexit: what Britain's technology sector had to say
Recent figures put the UK digital technology industry's value at £161 billion in the UK, with revenue generated by 58,000 technology businesses nationwide. This sector of the UK economy grew 32% faster than the rest of the UK (2010-2014) and employs 1.56 million people.
Ed Lascelles Partner at Albion Ventures, said: “This data supports what we are seeing in our portfolio, where our tech companies in particular find it hard to recruit top talent. Brexit has not helped this as the attractiveness of moving to the UK has diminished for many European developers.”
“Nonetheless, the tech sector continues to grow rapidly and the UK still leads in some of the most exciting areas of innovation, such as artificial intelligence.”
An exploding star in our home galaxy might be visible to Earth in the next 50 years, astronomers say in a new calculation of the odds of a nearby supernova.
This explosion would be too faint to prove a hazard to Earthlings, and in fact it may not even be visible with the naked eye in the starry sky. Its heat signature, however, would be seen in the right kind of camera as long as we could swing a telescope there fast enough.
“For [researchers], this study suggests that they have a solid chance of doing something that's never been done before: detect a supernova fast enough to witness what happens at the very beginning of a star's demise,” wrote Ohio State University in a press release about the research, which was led by university astronomer researcher Scott Adams.
The challenge with observing a supernova in our own galaxy is the presence of cosmic dust that can sometimes obscure supernovae and other phenomena from our view. However, infrared light is not as badly affected by this and may be able to see something through the obscurity.
To jump on the supernova as it is happening, the scientists propose having a network in place to send out neutrino alerts when these particles, which would arrive at Earth first after an explosion, are detected on Earth. The key is to figure out the difference between neutrinos from space and neutrinos from other sources, such as nuclear reactors, the sun or even spurious glitches.
A University of Tokyo group led the building of a model of a new kind of neutrino detector, a model that is now operating underground in Japan. Called EGADS (Evaluating Gadolinium's Action on Detector Systems), the water in the system would be “spiked” with a bit of gadolinium, which would reportedly assist with neutrino detections from outside of Earth.
“When a neutrino from a Milky Way supernova enters the tank, it can collide with the water molecules and release energy, along with some neutrons,” Ohio State added. “Gadolinium has a great affinity for neutrons, and will absorb them and then re-emit energy of its own. The result would be one detection signal followed by another a tiny fraction of a second later—a “heartbeat” signal inside the tank for each detected neutrino.”
But what about a naked-eye supernova? The researchers say the probability of that is just 20% to 50% in the next century, with southern hemisphere residents having a better chance since more of the galaxy is visible there. The last instance of this happening, by the way, was in 1604.
The research paper is available now on prepublishing site Arxiv and will soon be published in the Astrophysical Journal.
Source: Ohio State University
Correction: This article has been changed to remove a reference to Ohio State University in the EGADS collaboration.
Drug abuse blights modern societies. That is why many governments are focused on tackling addiction, preventing drug-related crimes and ultimately protecting their populations. Singapore's tough stand and use of strict laws and stiff penalties against those involved in the drug trade, including capital punishment, have sometimes come under criticism. The comment by Patrick Gallahue and Rick Lines of the International Harm Reduction Association prompted by the trial of a drug trafficker, Yong Vui Kong, and the imposition of the death penalty on him, is a recent instance.
Singapore pursues a comprehensive national strategy to combat the scourge of drugs, comprising a high-profile public education campaign, treatment and rehabilitation of drug offenders, as well as strict laws and stiff penalties against those involved in the drug trade.
Public education against drug abuse starts in schools. For abusers, our approach is to try hard to wean them off drugs and deter them from relapsing. They are given two chances in a drug rehabilitation centre. If they go through counselling, kick their drug habit and return to society with useful skills, they will not have any criminal record. Those who are still addicted go to prison, where they are put on general rehabilitation programmes to help them reintegrate into the community.
Strong community support against drug abuse has been critical to our fight against drugs. Singapore society resolutely rejects drug abuse. Several voluntary welfare organisations run halfway houses to help to recover addicts adjust back into society. Many employers also come forward to offer reformed drug addicts employment opportunities.
Drug traffickers are a major part of the problem on the supply side. They make drugs available in our communities and profit from the human misery they help create. This is why tough laws and penalties are needed, including capital punishment for trafficking in significant amounts of the most harmful drugs. This sends a strong deterrent signal to would-be traffickers. But unfortunately, attracted by the lucrative payoffs, some still traffic in drugs knowing full well the penalty if they get caught.
With all these efforts, Singapore has one of the lowest prevalence of drug abuse worldwide, even though it has not been entirely eliminated. Over two decades, the number of drug abusers arrested each year has declined by two-thirds, from over 6,000 in the early 1990s to about 2,000 last year. Fewer than two in 10 abusers released from prison or drug rehabilitation centres relapse within two years. We do not have traffickers pushing drugs openly in the streets, nor do we need to run needle exchange centres. Because of our strict laws, Singapore does not have to contend with major drug syndicates linked to organised crime, unlike some other countries.
According to the 2008 World Drug Report by the United Nations office on drugs and crime 8.2% of the UK population are cannabis abusers; in Singapore it is 0.005%. For ecstasy, the figures are 1.8% for the UK and 0.003% for Singapore; and for opiates – such as heroin, opium and morphine – 0.9% for the UK and 0.005% for Singapore.
Singapore's use of capital punishment has come under criticism. However, contrary to the assertions of anti-death penalty campaigners like Gallahue and Lines, Singapore laws that specify the death penalty for certain drug offences do not contravene international law. Notably, at the United Nations general assembly in 2008, 46 countries, including some of the world's largest democracies, voted against a draft resolution proposing a moratorium on the death penalty. Another 34 countries abstained.
In the recent case of Yong Vui Kong, the court of appeal acknowledged that the mandatory death penalty is constitutional, and the high court expressly found that Yong Vui Kong knew he was carrying the drugs.
Every society strikes its own balance between the rights of the individual and the rights of society. Capital punishment is an integral part of our successful comprehensive anti-drug strategy. Our tough stance against drugs has saved tens of thousands of lives from the drug menace. It is therefore not surprising that the majority of Singaporeans continue to support the death penalty.
The Head Start phase is coming to an end and with it the possibility to purchase one of the available Founder's Packs. These packs contain a number of exclusive items, such as:
Exclusive Vanguard title and achievement
Exclusive commander (Maximilian Koenig )
Two unique vehicles – the Expeditionary Tank and the BMPT “Terminator”
Exclusive Commander
Maximilian Koenig is a private individual, focused solely on his career. In Armored Warfare, this is reflected by two special skills that allow the players using this commander in their vehicles to progress even faster than usual. These skills are:
Career Soldier – increases the reputation gained by the vehicle with Maximilian Koenig on board by 10 percent
Accelerated Training – increases the crew experience gained by 10 percent
Beyond these two skills, this commander's skills can also increase crew attributes, make the gun aim faster, increase the view range of his vehicle, increase crew hitpoints or the turret traverse speed. Overall he is a well-rounded commander, especially useful for players who want to progress as fast as possible to unlock the coveted high-tier tanks.
Exclusive Vehicles
The BMPT Terminator in Armored Warfare is a tier 6 AFV. It was designed to accompany regular tanks and to provide increased protection against infantry attacks. Unlike any other AFV in the game, it is heavily armored – the protection equals to a main battle tank of the same tier and includes an ERA set. The unmanned turret is lightly armored but – just like other unmanned turrets in the game – only takes partial damage when hit by enemy fire.
This makes the vehicle exceptionally durable, but it is quite fast as well – thanks to its powerful diesel engine it easily reaches the cruising speed of 50 km/h, allowing it to move rapidly around the battlefield, providing fire support wherever needed – and to do just that, it is equipped with two weapons: powerful twin 30mm automatic cannons capable of shredding light targets in seconds and a multiple ATGM launcher system that can fire four missiles in quick succession. Thus armed the Terminator can take apart practically every opponent it encounters on the battlefield.
The Expeditionary Tank is a tier 6 Light Tank. The prototype of this vehicle was built by the Americans to provide the U.S. Army with air-transportable mobile firepower. While the original project failed, the in-game version most certainly does not. It is armed with a powerful 105mm gun that can pierce practically any armor it encounters and can deal even with heavy enemy vehicles. To keep its weight low and its mobility as excellent as it is, this vehicle foregoes heavy armor in favor of its blazing speed. And fast it is – the vehicle can reach the maximum speed of nearly 80 km/h in mere seconds and can use it to flank its opponents.
It shines especially in open terrain where it can literally run circles around the MBT's or Tank Destroyers (which is exactly what the Light Tanks in Armored Warfare are designed to do). The gun's excellent depression and the light tank class ability to fire accurately on the move ensure the player's aim never goes off while the vehicle pours one round after another into the weakly armored areas of the otherwise much heavier steel behemoths.
Whether you prefer speed and agility or heavy armor, the Founder's Packs vehicles do have something to offer to every type of player. Please note that the exclusive Founder's Pack vehicles (BMPT Terminator and Expeditionary Tank) are guaranteed to be exclusive for at least one year from the official release of the vehicles to public (8th of October, 2015). Founder's packs can be purchased here, should you wish to do so.
See you on the battlefield!
Two men remove the Indonesian flag as a compound established by the Gafatar movement burns Jan. 19 after being set on fire by residents of Antibar village in Indonesia's West Kalimantan province, in western Borneo. (© Antara Photo Agency / Reuters/Reuters)
In December, Dwiyanto Adi Nugroho quit his job as a financial analyst in the central Indonesian city of Yogyakarta, sold his belongings and moved to rural western Borneo to join a community set up there by a mysterious social-religious organic farming movement.
A few weeks later, police and soldiers stormed the compound, evacuated the residents and let local mobs burn their makeshift city to the ground.
Dwiyanto, 31, was flown back to his home province, along with an estimated 8,000 other members of the group, known as Gafatar, from various sites in Borneo. Andreas Harsono, Indonesia researcher at Human Rights Watch, calls the forcible evictions the largest-scale violation of a religious group's rights in Indonesia in more than a decade.
That was in mid-January, but the persecution of former members of Gafatar is only picking up.
The group, which was founded in 2012 and claims about 50,000 followers, is a back-to-the-land movement based on the idea that materialism and cities corrupt spiritual life. It does not call itself a religion. Most of its members, however, subscribe to Millah Abraham, a new messianic faith that draws on elements of Islam, Judaism and Christianity. Because it is illegal to establish a new religion in Indonesia, the government has also banned Gafatar, accusing it of peddling heresies to the weak-minded, and deploying imams, psychologists and soldiers to “rehabilitate” recruits.
Members of the Gafatar organization walk in the rain as they are evacuated from their compound in the village of Antibar prior to its destruction by locals. (© Antara Photo Agency / Reuters/Reuters)
Many, though, refuse to return to a state-approved version of Islam.
“Maybe we have been brainwashed,” Farah Meifira, a movement leader and former chiropractor, said over coffee at a posh mall in South Jakarta. “But if your brain is dirty, better that it gets washed.”
Adam Mirza, her lunch partner, agreed that they are on a godly path. “Many people think the stories in the Bible and the Koran are a fairy tale,” he said. “They're not. We're living it.”
But the government refuses to let them. In late May, it arrested three Gafatar founders, including Ahmad Mushaddeq, the movement's self-proclaimed heir to the prophet Muhammad, and charged them with blasphemy and treason — the latter reflecting its wariness of potentially separatist tendencies. It marked the first time such charges have been brought against religious figures at the national level under President Joko Widodo, who took office in 2014 pledging to uphold religious tolerance.
“Why are those who committed arson not being processed, while we victims of the violence are locked up?” asked Andry Cahya, Mushaddeq's son, who is in prison. Cahya, who oversaw organic and permaculture farming operations in western Borneo, said he was prepared to accept the state's punishment. “We don't want to be detained. But we don't worry, because God is behind us.”
The president's office declined to comment on how Gafatar is being treated, referring queries to the national police. Boy Rafli Amar, chief spokesman for the force, said via WhatsApp: “The religious teachings being spread aren't compatible with an established religion. They can be categorized as ‘leading people astray.' ”
It is only the latest sign that Indonesia's nominally secular state is committed to policing religious boundaries. The majority-Muslim country's constitution guarantees religious freedom, but only six faiths are officially recognized — Islam, Catholicism, Protestantism, Confucianism, Buddhism and Hinduism — and there is no recognition of agnosticism or atheism. The state takes a particularly hard line against faiths holding that there have been other prophets since Muhammad. In 2008, the Ahmadiyya, a 100-year-old religion that has no ties to the Gafatar movement but that also believes its founder was a successor to Muhammad, was banned from proselytizing in Indonesia.
Koentjoro Soeparno, head of the social psychology department at Gadjah Mada University in Yogyakarta, examined ex-
Gafatar members who had returned from Borneo and likened them to cultists. “Ex-Gafatar are usually skilled people,” he said, “but they aren't critically minded, so their worldview can be easily influenced.”
Meifira vigorously rejects the idea that adherents of Millah Abraham are gullible. “We're not a dumb people,” she says. They worship in Bahasa Indonesia, the national language, rather than in Arabic, the traditional language of Muslim liturgy but one that many Indonesians do not understand. “We're actually reading the meaning of it and trying to connect and . . . trace it down,” Meifira said.
According to Millah Abraham, a new messiah arrives roughly every 1,400 years to restore for long-standing religions the kind of relationship Abraham had with God. They even believe that one day, a new messiah will emerge who will be persecuted by followers of Millah Abraham, just as Millah Abraham is being persecuted in Indonesia today.
“What Abraham, Moses, Jesus and Muhammad delivered is the same as what Gafatar delivers,” Dwiyanto, the financial consultant, wrote via WhatsApp. “Night turns into day.”
The state has been aggressively attempting to reeducate ex-
Gafatar members and return them to their communities in an attempt to stamp out the movement. In one detention center in Boyolali, in central Java, some were enrolled in a controversial training program for the Indonesian military's Bela Negara — or “National Defense” — civil militia, perhaps to revive their allegiance to the state.
Dwiyanto was held in a detention center for days after he returned to Yogyakarta in January but has since been released and has returned to work. Hundreds of ex-Gafatar are less lucky, having been rejected by their families and communities. Children have been especially traumatized.
At a June 8 news conference organized for former members of Gafatar by the country's Legal Aid Institute, one alumna, Rizka Amelia, burst into tears while describing the trauma her young child experienced when police suddenly uprooted him from their farming community in Borneo. “I don't want him to grow up afraid,” she said.
Still, leaders of the faith insist that they will not be deterred by persecution.
“You cannot kill religion,” Farah Meifira said. “You cannot.”
Read more
Indonesia plans to execute 16 people after Ramadan
A country of a quarter-billion people is trying to provide health care for all
Today's coverage from Post correspondents around the world
Until July 29, Microsoft's mission will be to polish, polish, polish Windows 10. With build 10240, released on Wednesday, the buffing brush has been taken to Microsoft's Edge browser. But there's a catch: the Office 365 subscription hammer's coming down on the Office apps.
Microsoft released build 10240 on the Fast Ring of the Windows Insider program, via the Windows Update service. The update uses Microsoft's “production” channels, as a test to see if they can withstand the millions of downloads that will take place on July 29.
The download identified itself as “TH1 Core 100240” under Windows Update, and will lack any signifying number on the desktop. (If you'd like to check the version number yourself, you can: Search for “winver” using the Cortana search function on your PC.)
With the latest build, Microsoft has promised a “blazing fast” version of the Microsoft Edge browser, with benchmarks that the company claims are substantially faster than Google Chrome: 112 percent faster than Chrome on WebKit SunSpider, 11 percent faster than Chrome on its own Google Octane benchmark, and 37 percent faster than Chrome on the Apple JetStream benchmark.
“We're really pleased with those performance gains and we hope that you'll enjoy faster browsing with Microsoft Edge along with the many great features we've added over the last several builds,” Gabe Aul, in charge of the Windows Insider program for Microsoft, wrote in a blog post.
Why this matters: Windows 10 is almost, but not quite, done. With hardware makers now releasing the dates on which they'll ship their PCs, the Windows 10 ecosystem is in the final sprint. Microsoft simply needs to make the experience as smooth as possible; engineers are certainly going to be burning the midnight oil in Redmond.
Time to pony up for Office
But there is a catch: those nifty Universal Office apps will start checking that you're signed up to use them. The apps, which automatically save updates to the cloud as you work on them, are being relabeled as Office Mobile (Word Mobile, Excel Mobile, and the like) to distinguish themselves from the Office 2013 and Office 2016 preview versions.
If you happen to be running the Office Mobile versions on a tablet that's smaller than 10.1 inches, good news: Viewing and most editing functions will remain free. But anything larger than that will require an Office 365 subscription, Microsoft said. You'll be able to download Word and the other mobile versions of the Office apps from the Windows Store. The OneNote Universal app, however, will come preinstalled on Windows 10, Microsoft said.
In that vein, Microsoft is also encouraging users to check out the Windows Store for updates to the Windows 10 apps. “Besides builds, over the next 2 weeks you'll also see some Windows Updates and app updates in the Store, so make sure to keep checking for updates daily to make sure you're running the latest and greatest code,” Aul wrote.
What's the difference between the Mafia and the current European leadership? The Mafia makes you an offer you can't refuse. The leaders of the European Union offer you a deal you can neither refuse nor accept without destroying yourself.
The European Union as we have known it ended over the weekend. That EU project was all about the gradual convergence of equal nations into an “ever closer union”. That's finished now.
The whole notion was underpinned by three conditions. One was that the process of European integration was consensual – each member state would pool more and more of its sovereignty because it freely chose to do so. The second was that these incremental steps were, to use the terms applied to monetary union in the Maastricht treaty, “irreversible” and “irrevocable” – once they were taken, there could be no going back.
The third, unspoken but completely understood, was that Germany would restrain itself, accepting, in return for the immense gift of a new beginning that its fellow European countries had given it, that it must refrain from ever trying to be top dog again. Each of these fundamental conditions was torched over the weekend.
‘Mental waterboarding'
By closing the Greek banks, threatening Greek voters and countering the Greek government's surrender with terms designed to be utterly humiliating, the EU and euro zone leadership finished off the notion of consent. All the waffle about solidarity and respect has been exploded and we are left with an EU based on six little letters: or else.
A new idea has been shoved into the foundations of the EU – the idea that a member state can and will be brought to heel. And brought to heel, not quietly or subtly, but openly and ritually in a Theatre of Cruelty designed for that sole purpose.
The whole idea of making flagrantly provocative demands – the initial insistence that €50 billion of Greek public assets be placed in a fund in Luxembourg being the most spectacular – was to demonstrate, not just to Greece but to all member states, that the EU is now a coercive institution.
And as a coercive institution it has moved into a state of profound division. There is no deeper divide than that between those who are punished and those who do the punishing, between those who are brought to heel and those who shout “Heel!”
Revenge-fuelled madness
In the long term it matters less that this threat was not carried out than that it was made and deemed acceptable. Once that happened, all the irreversibles of the European project became reversible; all the irrevocables became revocable.
From here on, every step the EU takes is contingent and provisional. Angela Merkel boasted that Plan B proved unnecessary – but now every European Plan A has an implied Plan B. The official EU has become the provisional EU.
German restraint
Many of Germany's leading thinkers, from Günter Grass to Jürgen Habermas, have issued similar warnings. It is not accidental that these warnings came from men old enough to remember Nazism and their country's physical and moral post-war devastation.
The generation now in power in Germany seems to have forgotten everything. It is now not even a case of being “first among equals” – Germany is first in a new Europe of unequals.
And all for what? Why has the European Union been so radically redefined? Not for the sake of the Greek people, of course. No sane person believes that austerity and asset-stripping are the recipe for Greek recovery.
For international financial discipline, then, to prove that all debts must be paid? Hardly – consider that in March the IMF, with almost no fuss, announced a financial package for a European country that is far more corrupt, unstable and oligarchic than Greece.
Why? It's the politics stupid. Pouring money into corrupt and oligarchic Ukraine was about sending a political message. And tormenting Greece is also about sending a political message.
The message is that we are in a new EU now, one that has a dominant power at its centre and a single acceptable ideology. Those who founded it believed that such a union could not survive. The current leadership apparently knows better.
About
One late night on Reddit, I was browsing around and I stumbled upon yet another Dickbutt image. I closed out of it while saying "Oh Reddit, you mischievous bastard..." Later I was thinking about challenge coins and thought, why not put Dickbutt on one? My next thought, does this exist? After coming to the conclusion that It didn't already exist, I made the executive decision that one needs to be made. Of coarse, being a poor college student, I found out that I wouldn't even have the funds to produce one, let alone a minimum order of 50 for some companies. I decided then that, If the internet wants this, it will provide for this to happen.
My plan:
1. Design an (in)appropriate Dickbutt image to be molded permanently to metal and symbol to show your Internet citizenship for the opposite side.
2. Raise enough money to order Dickbutt challenge coins for every backer from a reputable challenge coin manufacturer.
3. Ship those coins to valiant Internet citizens who support my cause.
If I go over my goal, I will just order more coins, but this will probably change if it goes really high.
Some of Britain's major food retailers are guilty of misleading customers by printing unfounded sustainability claims on certain fish products, an environmental law group alleged today.
ClientEarth made the charges in a report published just a week after the Marine Stewardship Council (MSC) was accused of "duping" consumers by awarding its eco-label to fisheries with falling fish stocks.
Although some good practice was identified, ClientEarth's investigation found that 32 of 100 labels at nine supermarkets, including Tesco, Asda, Marks & Spencer, Sainsbury's and Waitrose, had unverified or misleading claims on sustainability or protecting the marine environment.
The report said 22 of these claims were unsubstantiated by the information provided by the retailers, while 10 had no evidence at all to allay ClientEarth's concerns they were misleading.
It blamed a lack of comparability and consistency, with different supermarkets using different criteria, for "a confusing landscape that does not allow consumers to make informed choices about the environmental impacts of their supermarket choices".
The report also voiced concerns that labels failed to convey that many popular types of fish products came from threatened stocks, or were caught by methods that could damage the environment or other marine species.
For example, ClientEarth felt that while Sainsbury's claim that its Taste the Difference haddock loins were line-caught in Norwegian and Icelandic waters recognised that certain fishing methods could impact on the environment, it was still of concern because "the fish comes from areas where haddock stock health is at risk due to high fishing levels".
James Thornton, ClientEarth chief executive, said EU standards for environmental claims about fish products should apply in the same way as for the term 'organic' and called for supermarkets to remove sustainability labels until their claims could be proven.
"It would be shocking to find out that the free-range chicken you bought was actually battery farmed," he said. "Discovering the fish you're eating, which is labelled as responsible or environmentally friendly, actually led to the deaths of threatened species also leaves a bad taste in the mouth.
"We would like all supermarkets that have misleading claims on the products we've identified to remove them as soon as possible, or to prove them with evidence."
He warned that if the supermarkets fail to remove the offending labels, "complaints can and will be made to the Office of Fair Trading, arguing breaches of consumer protection laws".
In an emailed statement, Sainsbury's welcomed ClientEarth's call for consistency of sustainability claims, but insisted that the products identified in the report were correctly labelled.
"We do not carry on pack claims in relation to sustainability unless the fishery is independently certified as sustainable by the MSC. MSC do not have standards for farmed fish and there is no other equivalent standard, so we do make claims about sustainability on farmed fish. We are however, happy to make claims about responsible sourcing where suppliers meet the requirements of our sustainability rating system," it said.
In respect to the allegations about its haddock, it added:
"The Icelandic government changes its total allowable catch annually to reflect the latest stock information. The last change was made in September 2010 when they changed the allowable catch for the haddock fishery making it consistent with the precautionary approach in line with the latest data. Consequently, we believe this reflects responsible management in that fishery and justifies our "responsibly fished" claim."
The retailer also maintained that allegations made over its Taste the Difference Jumbo King Prawns were based on insufficent information.
M&S was also approached, but declined to comment.
ClientEarth is also involved with Fish Fight, TV cook Hugh Fearnley-Whittingstall's collaboration with Channel 4 to stop the practice of discarding fish under the Common Fisheries Policy (CFP), which launches this month.
This year's Tokyo Games Show is just around the corner, and Sony has recently confirmed a schedule for the annual gaming conference which showcases the best of what's to come to Sony's gaming consoles.
In a report by Gamespot, Sony has announced that the date for this year's pre-Tokyo Game Show, or TGS 2015, press conference is on Sept. 15 at 12 AM PT (8 AM UK time). Fans from the other side of the globe can catch all the latest TGS 2015 news through a live stream that is available on the Japanese Playstation Blog. The live stream is set to kickstart the Tokyo Game Show days before it begins. Fans will also get a glimpse of what to expect from certain games during the live stream.
The TGS 2015 is scheduled to run from Sept. 17 to 20 and will feature news about all of Sony's latest consoles including the Playstation 3 and Playstation 4, along with its handheld, the Playstation Vita. Sony was absent at Gamescom 2015 this year, so they are expected to give an all-out presentation at TGS 2015.
Sony is yet to release details on what fans should expect at the show, but judging by recent news from the company, fans should expect to hear about the upcoming games. BidnessETC reports that fans should expect new details on titles such as “Final Fantasy VII Remake,” “Persona 5,” “Kingdom Hearts 3” and “Street Fighter V.”
Aside from these, “Star Wars Battlefront” may also make an appearance at the event, as it is reported to have a hands-on exclusive at the upcoming PAX AUS 2015. BidnessETC added that Sony may unveil new bundles for the Playstation 4 and the Playstation Vita as well as new details regarding its flagship VR-Machine, the Project Morpheus.
Contact the writer at feedback@ibtimes.com.au, or let us know what you think below.
Seven years ago, the value of a single bitcoin was worth a quarter-of-a-cent. Today, that single bitcoin is worth upwards of $2,200.
Monday marked the seventh anniversary of what is said to be the first recorded instance of bitcoin used in a real world transaction. Over the course of seven years, bitcoin's value has multiplied 879,999 times over since 2010. If an investor had decided to spend five dollars back then on about 2,000 bitcoins, that stake would be worth $4.4 million today. With $1,200 spent on some 480,000 bitcoins, the investor would be worth at least $1.1 billion today.
The early months of 2017 have been particularly heady days for bitcoin. Since the beginning of the year, the value of the cryptocurrency has surged as it gains legitimacy in countries like Japan. Investors have also come to see the currency as something of a safe haven asset amid geopolitical turmoil — and there's been plenty of that in recent months, in both Europe and the United States.
And that first transaction? A software programmer on “Bitcoin Talk” known as Lazlo Hanyecz offered to 10,000 bitcoins for a couple of pizzas. For the least three days, no one took bite of the offer, with Hanyecz writing: “So nobody wants to buy me pizza? Is the bitcoin amount I'm offering too low?”
A user eventually paid about $25 for two pizzas. In today's bitcoins, those pizzas cost Hanyecz $22 million.
Stop me if you've heard this before, Dana White appears to have changed his mind.
Back in November, UFC President Dana White went on a Sirius XM town hall with Jim Rome where he said, “I would never take the risk of headlining a show with Jon Jones again.” This statement came on the heels of Jones receiving a one-year suspension from USADA for his failed drug tests leading up to UFC 200.
But now White seems to be singing a different tune. While speaking with the UFC Unfiltered podcast recently, White said he expects Jon Jones will challenge for the UFC light heavyweight title for his first fight back from suspension.
“Jon Jones is supposed to return around July so the timing is perfect. I haven't talked to him. I have not talked to Jon Jones since the whole incident [at UFC 200]. Depending on where Jon's head is and where he thinks he is, I would assume he would come right back and try to get his title back,” White said.
Jones is eligible to return to fighting this July which will mark over two years since Jones has held the UFC light heavyweight title. After Jones was stripped of the title and suspended by the UFC, Daniel Cormier defeated Anthony Johnson to become the UFC light heavyweight champion. As Jones has been beset by outside the cage issues, Cormier has defended the belt once and is now set to rematch “Rumble” Johnson this April at UFC 210, with the winner apparently looking at a Jones match up for later in the summer.
Coincidentally, April will also mark one year since Jones last competed, a unanimous decision win over Ovince Saint Preux for the interim title belt. That bout was originally supposed to be a title fight against Cormier as Jones' return bout, but an injury forced the champion out, resulting in Jones taking a short notice, interim bout. Jones now appears to be set for the same type of immediate title shot and White says that's because anything else doesn't really make sense for Jones.
“The problem with this sport, there is no light one. If you're going to go in there and give it, at least go in and try to get your belt back. It's like everyone was saying Ronda should have had a tune up [fight]. There are no tune-up fights. When you break into the top five in the world, everybody's nasty. Everybody's nasty. What you don't want to do is lose to somebody [ranked] 8, 9, 10. It knocks you right out of the top 10 and it doesn't make sense.”
Considering Jones is one of the UFC's biggest stars, it certainly doesn't. With Conor McGregor focused on boxing, Jones versus the winner of Cormier-Johnson is likely one of the biggest pay-per-views the UFC will do next year. If nothing else derails it beforehand, that is.
MUST-READ STORIES
Born in Iran. Gegard Mousasi is unsure if he'll be allowed to travel to the U.S. for UFC 210 as a result of Donald Trump's travel ban.
Class. Amanda Nunes issued an apology to Ronda Rousey.
Retired. Dana White says Ronda Rousey is “probably done” fighting.
Union. Conor McGregor believes there “needs to be something” in the manner of a fighter union.
Rematch. Anthony Johnson says Daniel Cormier “knows what's coming” when they rematch.
MEDIA STEW
T-Wood Champ Camp with Renato Laranja, 27 time world champion in BJJ....
Dana on TMZ saying Ronda doesn't have it anymore.
Derrick Lewis interview.
The 'Black Beast' LIVE! @TheBuzzer's Andy Nesbitt is LIVE with Derrick ''The Black Beast'' Lewis at Houston Super Bowl radio row. Come hang LIVE! Posted by UFC on FOX on Tuesday, January 31, 2017
Machida interview.
Dennis Bermudez went to the Super Bowl opening day and Cooper Manning's suit is absurd.
And here's The Menace killing zombies in preparation for this weekend.
LISTEN UP
Beatdown.
TFATK.
TWEETS
Amanda apologizes.
Let me take a moment to explain myself. I was overwhelmed with adrenaline, emotion and hurt at the time. I held so much in during the weeks prior to my fight with Ronda. I might have said or posted some things at the time that I now realize was not the right thing to do. I want to apologize to Ronda. Her fans and mine and the UFC as well. Ronda is an amazing athlete and has done so much for this sport, especially for the women. #respect A photo posted by Amanda Nunes (@amanda_leoa) on Jan 31, 2017 at 12:52pm PST
Ultimatum.
@bisping I am a nice guy. I will give you until Friday 12pm est to announce your retirement. Like this you can stay doing movies #ynuevo — Yoel Romero (@YoelRomeroMMA) January 31, 2017
Jorge wants to title eliminator.
@demianmaia I'd hate to jump you for next in line and you start to develop ill will towards me. Take the fight #easymoney #200k @danawhite — Jorge Masvidal UFC (@GamebredFighter) February 1, 2017
Khabib and Ariel had an exchange.
UFC will be holding a Q&A w/ @TeamKhabib in Brighton Beach, Brooklyn next Friday (open to the public). Very smart. Huge Russian pop. there. — Ariel Helwani (@arielhelwani) January 31, 2017
@TeamKhabib of course! I wouldn't miss it for the world. Absolutely love this idea. #loyalty — Ariel Helwani (@arielhelwani) January 31, 2017
@arielhelwani I'm very happy about you, because you learn a lot about loyalty LOL — khabib nurmagomedov (@TeamKhabib) January 31, 2017
@TeamKhabib thank you. Hopefully, in your eyes, I have atoned for my sins. Never again, Master. — Ariel Helwani (@arielhelwani) January 31, 2017
@arielhelwani yes of course. See you soon my best student ⚡️ — khabib nurmagomedov (@TeamKhabib) January 31, 2017
DC got Khabib mad at Ali.
This is the face you get when you show no loyalty @aliabdelaziz000! Me and my gangsta squad coming for you and rumble. #weareaka @islam_makhachev @khabib_nurmagomedov @abubakar_nurmagomedov A photo posted by Daniel "DC" Cormier (@dc_mma) on Jan 31, 2017 at 4:06pm PST
Masvidal feeling it these days.
I'm from #Miami women down here don't wear panties. That's for chumps. We break out the #redbottoms https://t.co/IvU2wYDKOj — Jorge Masvidal UFC (@GamebredFighter) January 31, 2017
Young blood.
@Unclecreepymma I respect you and your career don't get it twisted.. But you will now lose to someone younger and more gifted #poetry — Jarred Brooks (@The_monkeygod) February 1, 2017
You play checkers ... people like me play chess. Welcome to the big leagues son. https://t.co/CR0FdbneRC — Ian McCall (@Unclecreepymma) February 1, 2017
Lobov wants that Cub fight.
Werdum with Kadyrov.
Eu com Presidente da Chechenia @kadyrov_95 e seus 5 filhos A photo posted by Fabricio Werdum (@werdum) on Jan 30, 2017 at 10:16am PST
Nice.
All these guys calling out & dissing @DanKellyJudo, these guys all start out confident.....next minute pic.twitter.com/NQ6Gg1NdXF — Jake Matthews (@JakeMatthewsUFC) January 30, 2017
Only loosely fighting related, but if CM Punk gets another fight, make it Blade.
Hey Justin, come see these hands. Tax free. https://t.co/eyRnoBYIbD — Wesley Snipes (@wesleysnipes) January 31, 2017
FIGHT ANNOUNCEMENTS
Josh Koscheck (17-10) vs. Mauricio Alonso (12-7); Bellator 172, Feb. 18.
Anatoly Tokov (24-3) vs. Francisco France (13-4-1); Bellator 172, Feb. 18.
TODAY IN MMA HISTORY
2004: Mark Kerr knocked himself out while securing a takedown against Yoshihisa Yamamoto at Pride 27.
2008: Luke Rockhold made his Strikeforce debut, knocking out Josh Neal at Strikeforce: Young Guns II.
2014: Jose Aldo successfully defended his UFC featherweight title, winning a unanimous decision against Ricardo Lamas at UFC 169. Also that night, Renan Barao stopped Urijah Faber with punches to retain his bantamweight title
FINAL THOUGHTS
Kind of wild to realize Jon Jones has missed two years of his prime. If none of this extracurricular stuff had happened, he might already be the heavyweight champion.
Hope everyone has a good one. Take it easy and see y'all tomorrow.
If you find something you'd like to see in the Morning Report, just hit me up on Twitter @JedKMeshew and let me know about it. Also follow MMAFighting on Instagram and add us on Snapchat at MMA-Fighting because we post dope things and you should enjoy them.
We may never get to Mars, but Kim Stanley Robinson's Red Mars is the next best thing. The science fiction classic is coming to Spike TV soon, with the network ordering up a full scale, 10 part mini-series adaptation of the dense tome.
Red Mars takes place on the first human colony on Mars, as humans struggle to form a new order while also terraforming the red planet. It weaves in hard sci-fi with an intense dissection of political and economic theories, discussing not just the formation of a new Mars biosphere, but of the humans living within it.
While it could be a dicey proposition (and Spike TV's original programming slate tends more toward tattoo reality shows, Bar Rescue, and that celebrity lip sync show), the reins of the show were handed to J. Michael Straczynski will serve as writer and executive producer of the show. Straczynski created Babylon 5; co-created the Netflix cult hit Sense 8; and has written a variety of top-tier comics, including The Amazing Spider-Man, Wonder Woman, Superman, and Thor, along with the acclaimed, creator-owned Rising Stars.
Filming will begin in summer 2016, with an intended air date of 2016. If the show is a hit, it could spur on adaptations of the sequels, Green Mars and Blue Mars. So if you couldn't get enough of The Martian after this summer, just wait for Red Mars. Or read the whole book series while you wait for the premiere.
Source: Ars Technica
A man accused of murder may be released on bond because the district attorney failed to file an indictment against him within 90 days of his arrest, according to reports by My Fox Houston and KTRK.
Richard Mendoza, Jr., was arrested in August in connection to the death of his teenage classmate in Missouri City in 2002.
The Fort Bend County District Attorney's office forgot about the paperwork and takes responsibility for the oversight, saying they were hoping to get more details about the case.
From KTRK:
Under the law, Judge Pedro Ruiz saw no alternative but to release Mendoza on bond. He set a $75,000 bond, but it's a type of bond that requires no down payment. Mendoza, however, will be required to have no contact with (victim Christopher) Daigle's family and his location will constantly be monitored by satellite. Daigle's mother Tracie Gregory fears Mendoza will run. “The district attorney forgot the date. She forgot to file,” she said. “I don't understand how that can happen on something very important like a murder. If it was their child, they wouldn't have forgotten.”
Mendoza may be freed as early as Monday.
by Hugh McDonnell
‘The age of party democracy has passed. Although the parties themselves remain, they have become so disconnected from the wider society, and pursue a form of competition that is so lacking in meaning, that they no longer seem capable of sustaining democracy in its present form.' The campaign season for April and May's French Presidential elections, now in full swing, requires some nuancing of, but does not fundamentally detract from, political scientist Peter Mair's diagnosis.
Benoit Hamon's surprise victory in the Socialist Party (PS) primary in January this year is plausibly one such, qualified, counter-tendency. He is often compared to Jeremy Corbyn as the candidate furthest to the left in the leadership contest, as well as being clear about his intention to take the party in that direction. Hamon is, in fact, both more ensconced in the PS machinery and less isolated than his British counterpart, having reserves of support in the party's centre that Corbyn does not.
There is, however, a perceptible difference between Hamon's proposals and outgoing PS president François Hollande's neoliberal stewarding – poorly, at that – of the status quo. The same is true for Prime Minister Valls' contribution of neoconservative chauvinism and xenophobia, articulated in France's ongoing state of emergency. Hamon's programme, in fact, overlaps quite considerably with the charismatic Jean-Luc Mélenchon's revamped outfit, France Insoumise: repeal of Hollande's assault on labour standards in the loi du travail; reduction of working time and protection of the 35 hour week; creation of regional development agencies; creation of 40,000 jobs in education; European fiscal harmonisation; recognition of a Palestinian state; the right for foreigners to vote in local elections; a constitutional overhaul through the establishment of a 6th Republic; and opposition to CETA and TAFTA.
There are suggestions that Hamon is more liable to bend to orthodoxy than Mélenchon – indicating, for instance, that he would commit to an austere 3% budget deficit limit – not least because he needs to shore up the support of a party many of whose big cheeses are signalling their impatience with his direction. He is perhaps strongest on issues of gender and ethnicity and cultural and religious pluralism, expressing solidarity with racialized sections of the population as well as a rigorous anti-Islamophobia. These not only make him distasteful to the likes of Valls, but also differentiate him from Mélenchon, whose rather uncritical conception of a homogenising republicanism impairs his contributions to anti-sexist and anti-racist struggles.
Hamon has also cast a niche for himself with his flagship policy of universal basic income, again ruffling the feathers of PS top brass. UBI, of course, is a complicated issue, On the one hand, it clearly has emancipatory potential, such that Hamon's policy has enthused the likes of Toni Negri. Conversely, it is perfectly compatible with a regressive reining in and commodification of social protection. Political analyst Philippe Marlière suggests that, as it stands, Hamon's proposition remains too imprecise and insufficient to come down too heavily on the optimistic side but nonetheless offers a basis for a renewed radical contestation of existing conceptions of citizenship and labour.
With Mélenchon and Hamon's joint talks on a common candidacy bearing no fruit, the left of the political spectrum is overcrowded, all but guaranteeing all left candidates will exit after the first round on 23 April. Political rebuilding on the left of the political spectrum would then have to start by thinking through strategy in the second round two weeks later. Part of this would need to reckon with the precedent of the 2002 election when Jean-Marie Le Pen made the run-off against incumbent Jacques Chirac. The PS then threw itself into the raucous chorus for a Chirac-led republican front, barricading the country's democratic institutions against the Front National co-founder in an election in which he, in fact, could not possibly have won. The Socialists' vigour reaped only prostration when it was routed at the subsequent legislative elections. Were this scenario to repeat itself, Merlière makes the interesting case that the radical left has nothing to gain from the Pasokification of either France Insoumise or the PS.
Only marginally less unlikely to contest the second round is The Republicans' François Fillon. His victory in the party primaries was in large part because of his reputation as “Monsieur Propre” [clean], an image necessarily sharpened by his two closest opponents, Nicolas Sarkozy and Alain Juppé. Emblematic of an increasingly wearying corruption in French political culture, Juppé was found guilty of abuse of public funds in 2004, while Sarkozy, aside from a perceived self-serving vulgarity, is up to his neck in ‘affairs' relating to shifty campaign financing and dodgy business deals.
Fillon's candidacy has continually been leaking water since late January, however, when the satirical newspaper, Le Canard enchainé revealed that he had used parliamentary expenses to pay his wife a salary to do a non-existent job from the late 1980s to 2013. Insisting on his innocence, Fillon initially swore nonetheless to step down if he was formally indicted. When indicted in late February, he decided that promise had been a touch rash, opting instead to proclaim to a rally of 100,000 supporters that he would go on to the end. Preaching to the converted of well-heeled Parisians, the message has gone down less well with the country at large, especially as additional elements of Fillon family nepotism have emerged.
Corruption is a feature of French political life with which the electorate's patience is wearing increasingly thin. This is the case whether in its properly criminal sense, or the looser colloquial sense of a self-serving political class. This ties in with a longstanding and accentuated idea of a “blocked” French society and thereby inflects the logic of contemporary French politics in a complementary way to laments over the French welfare system. Standard complaints from the likes of The Economist about the over-generosity of the French social model neglect that in many ways it is conspicuously uneven, which, coupled with its complexity, provides fodder for sectional resentment and promises for equalization that are much more about dismantlement.
These two factors of corruption and perceptions about the French social model coalesce in a certain view that if only entrenched interests and institutional blockages could be got out of the way, the France of the trente glorieuses could be resurrected. Indeed, Wolfgang Streeck suggests that we underestimate today the power of the idea that post-Second World War growth, employment and stability typify what capitalism is or should be, rather than being exceptional. The two frontrunners of the campaign capitalise on this malaise in differing registers: the technocratic neoliberalism of campaign sensation Emmanuel Macron, heading the recently founded movement, En Marche!, and the xenophobic nostalgia of the Front National.
Macron, a 39-year-old graduate of the elite Ecole Normale d'administration, former senior civil servant and millionaire investment banker resigned as Hollande's economy minister in August 2016 to launch a social liberal bid for the presidential election. His human capital, pro-business Europeanism, and prioritisation of profit over unnecessary immigrant bashing have liberal commentators salivating, as well as many PS figures thinking about jumping ship. In one account, he is the incarnation of the Enlightenment, defending France and even Europe from interchangeable threats, parochial and populist, from Le Pen to Pablo Iglesias. Indeed, like Albert Rivera of Ciudadanos (dubbed the Podemos of the right) part of Macron's appeal is that his youthful excoriation of the system vaguely echoes the frustrated democratic effervescence of the movements of the squares, but channels it into business as usual. His advantage over Rivera is that he is far better placed in the French electoral system with its vacancy for a convincing centrist candidate. His patent suitability for the role has in turn generated enough noise to drown out his role in Hollande's profoundly unpopular presidency, albeit with some recent signs that his media bubble might be deflating slightly.
That Macron made his name and fortune at Rothschild's is sure to offend the sensibilities of the Front National. That said, since 2011 with Marine Le Pen's stewardship the FN makes a point of distancing itself from ardent anti-Semites, whose sense of electoral strategy and public presentation is embarrassingly passé. To those ends, the FN has its own young hot-shots of various hues in Florian Philippot (like Macron, a graduate of the ENA), David Rachline, and Marion Maréchal-Le Pen, all in the front ranks of the party defending its turf as the authentic voice of anti-system politics against Macron's incursion.
The FN, however, approximates Trumpism – or, as it has recently been termed, Trumpism without the crazy – in nostalgic xenophobia. Peppering her speeches with references to luminaries of the early Fifth Republic like De Gaulle and André Malraux, Le Pen suggests that the re-establishment of French grandeur can be funded, with change left over, primarily by retracting munificence to favourite PC causes like keeping the European Union afloat, or lavishing funding on supposed “immigrants” that putatively “French” people would never receive. It is amongst disaffected youth for whom such claims have purchase that the party polls highest, feeding on already high youth unemployment that has been disproportionately accentuated in the wake of the 2008 crisis.
The party's own embroilment in recent corruption scandals over tax fraud and fake jobs has had little impact on the party's polling, in part because the party faithful are prone to see such revelations as further evidence of an establishment stitch-up. But it could well make the party's task of attracting transfer votes in the second round all the more difficult. Neck and neck with Macron to top the first round poll, the FN is expected to struggle more to attract transfer votes in a runoff between the two in the second round. Latest polls suggest Macron would win with around 60% to 40%, which while comfortable leaves little room for complacency in a political season characterised by upsets. Furthermore, it bears considering that the FN tends to achieve its best results when there are low turnouts.
French commentators have noted a proliferation of references to Gramsci around this presidential election – ‘now is the time of monsters' has been a favourite quote doing the rounds on Twitter. Not only Mélenchon and Hamon but also Sarkozy and Macron have cited the Italian thinker. On the occasion of these French presidential elections, then, it is worth reiterating that Gramscian thinking is about more than pithy quotations or a generic conception of political power. Applied properly to this historical conjuncture, both in France and further afield, it suggests that a robust and operable conception of hope has as little time for even the slickest version of neoliberal technocracy as it does for the slogans of fascists; it prescribes a non-sectarian rigour in assessment of the possibilities and limitations inherent in current left forces; and it recalibrates the short term vista of presidential elections with the necessary long-term work of democratic and socialist reconstruction.
If you like this article, please subscribe or donate
Despite what you may have heard, Julian Assange, editor-in-chief of WikiLeaks, did not praise President-elect Donald Trump in an interview with an Italian news outlet.
Ben Jacobs, a reporter for the Guardian, wrote an article titled “Julian Assange gives guarded praise of Trump and blasts Clinton in interview.” In it, Assange's original statements appear to support that WikiLeaks' exposure of Democratic party operations in the run-up to the 2016 presidential election handed Trump the victory.
But that's not exactly how it went.
.@dandrezner Above excuse is false. Guardian (& your viral tweet) did not include the relevant portions. It omitted them. *That's the deceit pic.twitter.com/wG81NOSVtM — Glenn Greenwald (@ggreenwald) December 29, 2016
Cutting a quote off mid sentence, w/out indicating in some way it's shortened, is unethical. Done w/ purpose here https://t.co/xRO060jrUI pic.twitter.com/E3cDAklDOR — Andrew Perez (@andrewperezdc) December 29, 2016
The article spread like wildfire on the Internet, exemplifying a common tendency of readers to particularly take a headline, and its copy, as fact, rather than finding the original source itself.
Stefania Maurizi, the journalist for Italy's la Repubblica who conducted the interview with Assange, vehemently denies Jacobs' interpretation.
.@dandrezner this is completely false: Julian #Assange never ever declared that in my interview — stefania maurizi (@SMaurizi) December 26, 2016
.@ggreenwald I am completely furious about how my interview with Julian #Assange has been distorted and strumentalised — stefania maurizi (@SMaurizi) December 28, 2016
Jacobs' first claim was that the WikiLeaks founder “gives guarded praise of Trump.”
To boil down the main excerpt in question, Assange said that there is a “new patronage structure which will evolve rapidly” but during the embryonic period of Trump's presidency “there are opportunities for change in the United States: change for the worse and change for the better.”
Assange's viewpoint can hardly be considered as praise, which is generally understood in the modern lexicon as warm approval or admiration. Several Democrats — like Bernie Sanders, Elizabeth Warren, and Chuck Schumer — have expressed highly similar sentiments to those of Assange, all without being pinned as an advocate for Trump (even retaining their pro-Clinton badges), Greenwald aptly notes.
Jacobs' second assertion was that Assange said “there was no need for WikiLeaks to undertake a whistleblowing role in Russia because of the open and competitive debate he claimed exists there.”
Assange says that the reason they may expose less sensitive information from those countries is because Russian whistleblowers have superior options compared to WikiLeaks due to a language barrier (his organization is largely made up of English-speaking workers), and the fact that there are “vibrant publications” that criticize the Kremlin that are more localized and entrenched into Russian society.
“So my interpretation is that in Russia there are competitors to WikiLeaks, and no WikiLeaks staff speak Russian, so for a strong culture which has its own language, you have to be seen as a local player,” Assange said in the interview.
“What Assange is saying here is so obvious,” Greenwald bluntly recounts.
Jacobs also originally wrote the Dec. 24 piece that Assange “has long had a close relationship with the Putin regime.” But an official correction note at the bottom of the article says that as of Dec. 29, this sentence, along with another unfounded claim mentioned above, have since been removed.
From the reporter who interviewed Assange: think about why Guardian's summary of her interview went viral while her protests went ignored https://t.co/Iq2IOrhZwT — Glenn Greenwald (@ggreenwald) December 29, 2016
Follow Eric on Twitter
Send tips to eric@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
If you're a T-Mobile customer trying your best to pick up a Nexus 4 to no avail, good news is coming your way. Looks LG has finally ramped up production of the elusive device, with T-Mobile retail locations expecting an influx of Nexus 4's to arrive at some point before the end of the month. This time around, it wont be just a few select locations stocking Nexus 4's on their shelves; all retails locations will finally be able to offer the Nexus 4 at a discounted $200 with a 2-year agreement. Seems only logical to assume that, with all T-Mobile retail locations stocked up on the device, the Play Store will more than likely get some love as well. This is great for those fearing long term commitments.
[via TmoNews]
BioPet Vet Lab The Idea: Unscooped dog waste may not be a major world problem, but it certainly ranks as one of the most annoying. In America, over 40% of the dog waste generated is not properly elimated. If left alone, the problem could get out of hand.
PooPrints is a program that uses technology to help communities enforce dog waste rules by tracking the poo's DNA. Communities that sign up receive supply kits for DNA collection and store the DNA of every dog in the community.
The PooPrints lab creates a registry of all the samples received so if any unswept mess is left on the streets, the delinquent owner of the offender can be easily tracked down. To "report" the unatttended mess, a passerby needs to collect and send a sample to the lab. The lab then matches the poo, to the pup, to the person.
Whose idea: BioPet Vet Lab
Why it needs some work: Unscooped dog waste is prevelant and gross, but will the average person really stop to collect and send samples of someone else's dog poop? We think not.
In theory, the PooPrints program is as scientifically infallible as it gets. But the enforcers of the program will probably not be your average neighbors. Someone's going to have to get paid to do the dirty work.
This article was originally published on Unsettle.org
It would be nice, wouldn't it?
Your name on big publications. Waking up to another email from a potential client asking you to write for them. Controlling where and when you work, and the words that you produce.
You've been trying to figure out how to find freelance writing gigs, but so far all you hear is crickets and you're wondering what you're doing wrong.
Maybe you've scoured sites like Fiverr, oDesk, and Elance for clients who will pay more than $20 for a 1,000-word article but came up short.
You've started a blog hoping that clients will take notice and offer up writing jobs like banks offer credit cards on college campuses.
But it seems as if the only jobs out there are meant for people who are willing to work for $2.50 an hour and sacrifice on quality to get the job done.
Do those successful freelancers have some sort of special tool they use? You begin to wonder if they're just lucky. Maybe there's some merit behind this whole "starving artist" thing.
I have good news for you: there's a way to start booking high-paying clients so you can write on topics that you love.
Here are six steps you can take to land your first freelance writing client, charge a premium for your work and never have to pitch again. I used this method to start my freelancing career, and just to make sure, I replicated it again and booked three clients with the framework again. It works for people other than me, too.
It's not rocket science. It's not luck or special tools and it has nothing to do with glittery unicorns. And the truth is, with a bit of hard work and strategic "marketing", chances are this will work for you as well. And at the very least, you'll have built up a great writing portfolio which is necessary to land clients.
So try it out.
6 Steps to Landing More Freelance Writing Gigs Than You'll Know What to Do With
1. Create a Writer Website
In the rest of this post, I'll be teaching you how to find freelance clients in a series of steps.
But to effectively land your first freelance client (and all subsequent clients), you need a website. Trying to find clients without a website is like applying for photography jobs without a portfolio. You can do it, but it won't be very effective.
Having a writer website not only gives your potential client all the information they need in one spot, but it also communicates that you are professional. Potential clients need that reassurance. After all, they never know if you're going to plagiarize their article instead of write an original and with a website, they know where to find you if anything goes wrong.
And this isn't even mentioning competition. You're not alone in the fight for freelancing jobs, and you don't want to lose them to writers who seem more legitimate because they have websites.
I created a writer's website for the sake of testing the methods in this article again (they worked for me once, so I started from scratch and replicated the process to make sure they would work for me again. Good news: they did!) and my website sealed the deal on 4 of the 5 freelance jobs that I took to test this article.
I even had a client tell me they were relieved I had a website to showcase my work. So..
If You Already Have a Blog or Website
You can (generally) use your hosting that you already have to register an "addon" domain to your account to host another website. If you use Bluehost, go to your dashboard in Bluehost and press "addon domains". Then, type in the domain for your writer's site (usually your name - here's how to choose a domain) and choose "use an existing directory".
If You Don't Have a Website
You need to choose your domain name. This is the fun part! For writer's websites, usually people will register their first and last name, or use something like writingbysarah.com or sarahwrites.com.
Second, you need a simple, self-hosted WordPress website. You can set these up inexpensively.
Third, you need a simple, clean WordPress theme. You can find these for free through your WordPress dashboard under Appearance>Themes, or you can buy a cheap 1-3 page theme on a site like Themeforest. CreativeMarket releases free goods every week and they also have some great simple themes in their freebies every once in awhile.
My writer website uses TA Portfolio, which is a free theme and is super simple and easy to use.
Fourth, you need to populate your website. Here's what you need to include:
A "Hire Me" page: A page with your contact information. Include your email address, Skype username, and any social media profiles that make sense (ie LinkedIn).
A Portfolio page: My website above includes a "writing" tab, with links to the articles I've written so far and RESULTS. That's in caps for a reason. You'll find out why below. You likely don't have much of a portfolio right now, but we'll fix that as you continue down the article.
An About page: For potential clients that want to know a bit more about you - and especially your story about how you came to want to write about the topic.
This is pretty simple, and it should only take an hour or two to complete. After you do that...
2. Start Building Your Portfolio
Now that you have a website, you might be wondering what you're supposed to put in the portfolio section. After all, you're new to this. You don't have any work to show off yet.
That's where guest posting comes in. One of the best ways to boost your profile, get exposure, and put your writing in front of thousands of eyes is to write a guest article for a popular publication.
3. Promote Your Article Like It's Your Job
When your guest post goes live, it's important that you promote the post like it went live on your own website. Here's what I do for every guest post:
Schedule a few Tweets using Buffer on Twitter
Post it to Facebook (your personal page and, if you have a website, your website's page too)
Pin it to Pinterest
Post it to Google+
Post it to Instagram
Post it to LinkedIn
Submit it to Digg
Stumble it on StumbleUpon
Bookmark it on Delicious
Submit it to relevant Subreddits via Reddit
Post the article to relevant Communities on Google+
Answer relevant questions on Quora with a link back to your article
Interact with people who have shared the post on Twitter
The idea here is to generate as much buzz about the article as possible. Not only will this drive more traffic to the article - and therefore potential clients - but it'll also increase your social sharing stats, which will help you with the next step:
4. Ask for Results
Everything you did up until this point was with the purpose of getting results.
So it stands to reason that the next step to land your first (or next) freelancing clients would be to gather those results from the publications you've written for. You can start by gathering the public results yourself. A week or two after your post has gone live, go to the website and take screenshots of:
Your social shares
The comment count
Any favorable comments
If your post did well, email the editor and ask for a quote on what it was like to work with you, as well as any traffic and popularity stats they are willing to provide in relation to other articles.
Don't skip this because asking for results makes you nervous. If you were hiring a carpenter to renovate your kitchen before you put your house on the market, would you hire the carpenter that gives you photographs of other kitchens they've renovated, or would you hire the one that shows you photos but also gives you quotes of people who have purchased homes she's worked on because the kitchen was so beautiful, complete with stats on how long a house was listed before vs. after he worked on it?
It's obvious, isn't it?
When you have these results and testimonials from the publications you've written for, you can begin to add some weight to your website.
Don't miss out on this opportunity to showcase the benefits of your good work. As you receive these results, publish them on your writer website.
5. Answer Enquiries
It usually doesn't take many articles on truly large publications to begin to get noticed. I began to get emails after my very first article (on Fast Company), though I didn't know what they were at the time.
Sometimes, a website will come out and ask you if you are taking new clients. But sometimes, it's a little more cryptic.
So here's a secret:
When an editor reaches out to you to see if you'll guest post on their website because they liked your work on another, they really just want great content. Ideally, free great content, but they're usually open to discussion about hiring freelancers - especially if they are approaching you.
Sure, if it's a big publication with a huge audience, don't open up a conversation about freelancing. Take the opportunity to get your name out there and guest post without having to go through that initial pitching process!
But, if it's a smaller publication and they invite you to guest post, don't just assume they want only free content from you. Read the case study below for an example of an email I would normally get in this situation as well as a template response.
As you continue to post on these popular websites, you'll begin to notice that clients are coming to you. But, if you want to speed it up a bit and land your first client as soon as possible, you can:
6. Pound the Pavement
If you're a beginner, you might not get a ton of potential clients contacting you right away. If you want to speed up the process of landing your first client, you may have to pound the pavement looking for gigs.
After you have a few solid articles with large, popular publications under your belt, you can do this by approaching the publications yourself.
Write a draft introduction email and if you use Gmail, save it as a "canned response". This will decrease the amount of work involved as you send more and more of these emails.
In your emails, list the articles you've written for these large publications as your writing samples, tell the company a bit about yourself, and demonstrate that you have taken the time to get to know their website. Identify a few topics you'd like to write about, should you work with them. You can get the exact pitch I used that landed me 80% of the clients I sent it to by clicking here.
If you've chosen a specific niche, head over to Alltop.com and start going through the top blogs in that topic and sending them introduction emails.
Don't just send one or two. Challenge yourself to send two emails a day for a couple of weeks. The more emails you send, the more likely you are to land a gig!
I'm a firm believer that most things, when it comes to building your dream, are just a formula.
They may seem scary initially, or daunting, or like you're playing Russian Roulette, but when it comes down to it, there are always going to be principles and methods that will always work.
There's no reason to struggle. If you follow this framework (and don't skip any steps) you will land your first client in a short period of time. And the first one is always the hardest.
The Trudeau government will be on the sidelines in late November as a Kinder Morgan executive is cross-examined over his allegations that the City of Burnaby was deliberately delaying permits to block the Texas-based company's west coast pipeline expansion project, the National Energy Board said late on Monday.
The cross-examination would be part of public hearings to be held by the regulator in response to a request from Kinder Morgan to help it resolve construction delays. A representative from the City of Burnaby would also be subject to cross-examination as part of the process as would anyone who submits an affidavit supporting either side of the case.
The procedure would be a departure from the NEB's previous treatment of Kinder Morgan. The regulator had refused to allow cross-examination of company officials in its original hearings to review the Trans Mountain expansion project, which were set up when the former Harper government was in power.
This Harper-era decision was the first time the regulator had prevented cross-examination of officials during a review of a major crude oil pipeline and was part of what prompted accusations of bias and an ongoing legal challenge from critics who accused the NEB of leading a rigged process.
The new hearings are slated to begin in the NEB hearing room in Calgary on Nov. 29, exactly one year after Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced in Ottawa that his government was approving the pipeline, along with 157 conditions for the company to meet in order to proceed.
Trudeau government declines to intervene in hearings
While it says it still supports the project, the Trudeau government has already indicated that it won't be making any arguments in the upcoming hearings about the Burnaby controversy.
The office of federal Attorney General Jody Wilson-Raybould said it took instructions from the office of Natural Resources Minister Jim Carr.
"It is not common practice for the Attorney General of Canada to intervene at a federal tribunal," said Alex Deslongchamps, a spokesman for Carr. "We are confident in the role of the National Energy Board as an independent, quasi-judicial regulator to review the Trans Mountain proposal and determine the path forward. Our government stands by the decision to approve this federally-regulated project and the 15,000 good, middle class jobs it will create."
A spokesman from the Saskatchewan Justice Department said that the provincial government wouldn't comment on the federal attorney general's decision not to intervene.
The Trans Mountain expansion project, if completed, would triple the capacity of an existing pipeline, allowing oil companies to ship up to 890,000 barrels of oil per day from Alberta to the west coast of British Columbia. Supporters say the project would create or support thousands of jobs and boost market access for western Canada's slumping oilpatch, but opponents say that the project should not be built since the risks are too high that it could cause damage to the environment and the local B.C. economy.
While Kinder Morgan has alleged that Burnaby is delaying approvals of permits to slow down the process, the city has denied acting inappropriately and argued that Kinder Morgan must follow the same rules as any other developer seeking permits. The hearing process set out by the NEB on Monday will force the company to wait a few more weeks before it can get a decision on its request to speed up approvals.
This also comes after the company said through its legal submissions to the NEB that it was facing millions of dollars of losses and could no longer "tolerate further delay."
Kinder Morgan says it has been struggling to get the permits it needs to proceed with its pipeline expansion project from Burnaby. File photo of Kinder Morgan marine terminal by The Canadian Press
Michael Davies, a vice-president of the energy giant's Canadian operations, signed an affidavit saying that the mayor of the west coast city, Derek Corrigan, had told National Observer he "believed the permitting process was a legitimate method of slowing down the project."
The National Observer news report he referred to didn't actually say that. But Kinder Morgan has said that it believes the affidavit provided a "reasonable" interpretation of the mayor's comments about wanting to use all legal and political means available to stop the project.
Mayor Corrigan has said that Kinder Morgan is playing "fast and loose with the facts." He also said he wouldn't interfere with the municipal regulatory process to block the project.
The NEB has powers of a federal court, which gives it the power to overrule municipal or provincial regulations, but it must also ensure that its proceedings are fair and just.
NEB rejects one of Kinder Morgan's requests
While the federal government has said it will sit this one out, the governments of Alberta and Saskatchewan have both said they will intervene in the case to support the pipeline and the oil and gas industry. The B.C. government is also intervening to defend its constitutional right to protect the environment.
The hearings are separate from a legal challenge launched at the federal court of appeal by several groups that are seeking to quash the government's approval of the Kinder Morgan pipeline.
The NEB has also said that it doesn't have the power to consider one of Kinder Morgan's requests for it to set up a process to fast-track future claims that the provincial or municipal governments in British Columbia are not moving fast enough to issue permit approvals.
The B.C. government's lawyer, Thomas Berger, had argued that such a request would be an "abuse of process" and urged the regulator in a written submission to reject it.
Under the process announced by the NEB, Burnaby will now have until Nov. 17 to present its additional submissions and evidence in the case, after which Trans Mountain will have five days to respond. The city, the company and the attorneys general from B.C., Alberta and Saskatchewan would then have two additional days to file their final submissions before the hearings begin on Nov. 29.
Following that, the NEB said it would hear final arguments on Dec. 4, allowing Trans Mountain the right of reply.
Kinder Morgan has said it could lose up to $90 million per month due to delays on the project, while warning that it might even fail. It had hoped to have its new pipeline up and running before the end of 2019, but now admits that deadline could be delayed by several months.
The company declined to provide further comment, outside of the NEB process.
Editor's note: This article was updated at 3:10 p.m. ET on Nov. 7, 2017 with new comments from the office of the federal natural resources minister, from the Saskatchewan government, and Kinder Morgan.
Wayne County Prosecutor Kym Worthy (Photo: Bryan Mitchell / Special to Detroit News file photo)
Several assistant Wayne County Prosecutors who wrote letters to a federal judge asking for a lenient sentence for a convicted Detroit police officer, have run afoul of their bosses at the Wayne County Prosecutor's Office, according to Prosecutor Kym Worthy.
David Hansberry, 35, along with fellow officer and co-defendant Bryan Watson, 47, were convicted of felony extortion last July.
Hansberry and Watson were acquitted of nine other charges in the five-week trial that accused them of arranging drug transactions with civilians so they could rob and extort them. The two officers, who were members of the department's now-disbanded narcotics unit, face 20 years in prison on charges of conspiracy to interfere with commerce by extortion and robbery.
Worthy on Friday noted the four assistant prosecutors who sent letters of support on Hansberry's behalf failed to disclose their action to Worthy or their supervisors. Each, she said, wrote “in their professional capacity to advocate for a federally convicted defendant.”
“Their behavior was highly inappropriate and I am extremely disappointed in their lack of judgment. I would never condone their acting in their professional capacity,” Worthy said in the statement released to The Detroit News Friday. “I have spoken personally with acting United States Attorney Barbara McQuade about this situation and expressed my concern. We will be speaking to the assistant prosecutors involved to determine what action will be taken.”
In one letter, Assistant Wayne County Prosecutor Elizabeth Van Marcke urged the judge to be lenient, writing Hansberry is a hard-working police officer who “served his police department and his community through hard work and dedication.”
“The man that was presented in court was not the man I know,” Van Marcke wrote. “Dave Hansberry is a public servant dedicated to policing the community he loves, a friend, and a father.”
Hansberry and Watson were indicted in April 2015 by a federal grand jury on charges of conducting traffic stops and phony arrests to allegedly steal drugs, money and property.
Kevlin “Omar” Brown, a longtime friend of Hansberry, was also indicted but ultimately cleared in the case.
McQuade said the evidence showed Hansberry, who was a sergeant at the time, and Watson failed to record into evidence money and drugs seized during searches of homes. Federal prosecutors say the pair instead split the proceeds and arranged for the sale of the drugs, sharing the proceeds from the sales.
In one instance in July 2010, Hansberry and Watson participated in a drug seizure that netted more than $3 million, the largest cash seizure by the Detroit Police Department at that time. Only $2.2 million, however, was placed in the evidence room.
Assistant Wayne County Prosecutor Christina Guirguis also wrote glowingly about Hansberry saying she and the police officer had known each through her job as a prosecutor for 14 years.
“His work is unmatched and this work ethic was exemplified through his work at the Narcotics Section of the Detroit Police Department,” Guirguis wrote in her letter dated Dec. 31, 2016. “David Hansberry is one of the hardest working, dedicated officers within the Detroit Police Department and has a reputation as such.”
Guirguis went on to explain that she worked as one of four prosecutors in the office's Major Drug Unit and during that time Hansberry's narcotics unit was know as an “elite crew.”
“David's crew brought arrest warrants to the Major Drug Unit that reflected major narcotics confiscations from major narcotics dealers,” Guirguis wrote in her letter to U.S. District Judge Stephen Murphy.
Guirguis told The News she would not be able to comment on the letters as directed by her office.
Assistant prosecutors Amy Somers and Ron Haywood also wrote to Murphy, seeking a probation sentence for Hansberry.
“In light of David's exemplary career and years of service to the city of Detroit, I request that you consider sentencing him to a period of probation, ” wrote Somers in her letter written Nov. 28. Haywood's letter was written in Nov. 14.
Hansberry and Watson are scheduled to be sentenced Wednesday.
bwilliams@detroitnews.com
(313) 222-2027
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2lsmYCb
Resident Evil 7 will get free DLC outside of its Season Pass;...
Capcom today confirmed that Resident Evil 7 will receive free DLC outside its planned “Season Pass”.
Stevivor was first made aware of free DLC via CVXFreak, who retweeted a Japanese account:
Capcom Japan also confirming #RE7 free DLC this spring titles "Not A Hero" https://t.co/u5JZN0BTPQ — Alex Aniel (@cvxfreak) January 17, 2017
This tweet was quickly followed up by Capcom's Mikeeb13, who confirmed details (this time in English):
for clarification, this is OUTSIDE of the DLC season pass and will be free for everyone :) — Lunni ✘˵╹◡╹˶✘ (@mikeeb13) January 17, 2017
“Not a Hero” is said to launch in May. We'll have more on RE 7‘s DLC — free or otherwise — as it is made available.
Resident Evil 7 heads to Windows PC, Xbox One and PS4 on 24 January.
location is eligible for Direct 2 You. [i] Within participating markets, Sprint will have specific delivery zones. Upon setting up your appointment, the specialist will determine if your desiredlocation is eligible for Direct 2 You.
Wireless customers in four more major metros can now enjoy the convenience of Direct 2 You – a one-of-a-kind service from Sprint that delivers and sets up a new phone, for free [i] . Today Sprint adds Atlanta, Boston, Houston and Philadelphia to several other major metropolitan areas in the United States where Direct 2 You are available. The service launched in April, 2015.I spoke with a few Direct 2 You experts who deliver phones in Los Angeles and Dallas.As part of Direct 2 You, customers can arrange appointments virtually whenever and wherever they want – for free. A Los Angeles expert says that she often gets positive feedback from Direct 2 You customers in a variety of settings.“I've seen many customers that want to switch carriers and come to Sprint,” she said. “I've had Direct 2You appointments at the beach, in hair salons, restaurants, homes and businesses. We'll go just about anywhere the customer wants us to.”A Dallas based Direct 2 You expert says customers like the ease of doing business with Sprint.“Customers enjoy the convenience and flexibility of the new service – it's when they want and where they want.” she said. “They also enjoy learning about all the cool features of their new smartphone thanks to Direct 2 You customer education. Folks sometimes aren't aware of how much their phone can do.”Direct 2 You are expanding into even more metro areas later this year. To schedule an appointment, you can call 844-347-2968 or visit https://sprintdirect2you.com
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Cleveland City Council members representing East Side wards said during a council caucus meeting Wednesday that some of their constituents believe that East Cleveland's liabilities outweigh its assets and they would disapprove of Cleveland's annexation of its impoverished neighbor.
Councilmen Michael Polensek, Zack Reed, and TJ Dow said that many residents believe that Cleveland doesn't have enough resources to address its own potholes, broken vehicles and abandoned houses, let alone to take on the problems of perpetually insolvent East Cleveland.
"And I'm hearing from East Cleveland residents that they want to remain a stand-alone city," Polensek said. "We have a lot of due diligence ahead of us. If this goes to the ballot, our citizens need to know exactly what we're getting - the liabilities and the assets. There is a lot of fear out there about taking this on."
East Cleveland Mayor Gary Norton submitted petitions to the Cuyahoga County Board of Elections last week in support of a merger with the city of Cleveland. Elections officials confirmed Friday that the petitioners had collected enough valid signatures to initiate the process.
East Cleveland City Council now has 30 days to pass an ordinance declaring the city's intent to enter negotiations for annexation and appointing three commissioners to represent the city in that process. Cleveland then will have 30 days to do the same.
The negotiations can last up to 120 days.
Residents would receive information in the mail explaining the merger, and the question would be put to East Cleveland voters.
Cleveland City Council, however, has the option of either adopting the terms by ordinance or sending the issue to the ballot.
Cleveland Council members on Wednesday pushed for a study to illuminate the benefits and drawbacks of annexation.
Council President Kevin Kelley said that conducting such an analysis would be among the responsibilities of the six-member commission empaneled to draft the terms.
But some council members said that their support of the plan would hinge on whether the city can garner financial aid to make the acquisition easier on Cleveland's budget.
"It's a liability," Reed said. "And without the assistance of county, state or perhaps federal government, I don't see how it's a benefit. We would not bring liabilities to our city without having some kind of assistance along the way."
Councilman Jeffrey Johnson, whose ward abuts East Cleveland, agreed with his colleagues on the importance of seeking help from the state, but said that he fully supports the merger and takes issue with the characterization of East Cleveland as a liability.
"What I care about is that we can create a marriage that ultimately will prosper," Johnson said. "There is a large tax base over there and folks willing to invest. Please treat these people with dignity and quit calling them liabilities."
If the execution last month of Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran suggested that Indonesian President Joko Widodo has little regard for Australia, the missive from Indonesia's foreign ministry on Thursday has helped explain why.
Responding to Tony Abbott's blunt refusal to resettle any of the thousands of Rohingya asylum seekers besieging south-east Asia, the foreign ministry took only a few hours to accuse its southern neighbour of hypocrisy and selfishness.
Tony Abbott and Joko Widodo at the G20 in November last year. Credit:AFP
Why were countries who are not signatories to the UN refugee convention like Indonesia prepared to welcome the Rohingyas fleeing Myanmar, while Australia was not?
"Countries that are parties to the convention on refugees have a responsibility to ensure they believe in what they sign," ministry spokesman Arrmanatha Nasir said. "If you believe it when you sign it, you should act upon it."
CHICAGO (Reuters) - High blood pressure is a “neglected disease” and the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention must do more to fight it by helping Americans eat better and encouraging doctors to treat it more aggressively, an expert panel said on Monday.
A doctor checks the blood pressure of a patient in downtown Los Angeles July 30, 2007. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
The report by the Institute of Medicine, one of the National Academies of Sciences, urges the CDC to promote policies that make it easier for people to be more physically active, cut calories and reduce their salt intake.
High blood pressure or hypertension is easily preventable through diet, exercise and drugs, yet it is the second-leading cause of death in the United States, said committee chair David Fleming, who directs Public Health for Seattle and King County in Washington.
“Hypertension as a disease is relatively easy to diagnose and it's inexpensive to treat,” Fleming said in a telephone interview.
“Yet despite that, one in six deaths in the United States is due to hypertension, and it costs our healthcare system $73 billion each year in expenses.
“In that context, hypertension is really a neglected disease in this country. There's a huge gap between what we could do and what we are doing,” he said.
Fleming said the CDC spends less than $50 million a year for a wide array of heart disease prevention programs that includes hypertension.
Simple steps like consuming less salt and increasing the intake of vegetables, fruit and lean protein could cut rates of high blood pressure by as much as 22 percent, according to the report by the Institute, which advises policymakers.
They cited a recent study that found reducing salt intake to 2,300 milligrams per day — the current maximum recommended amount — from 3,400 milligrams a day could cut U.S. health costs by about $17.8 billion each year.
Helping overweight and obese Americans each lose 10 pounds could cut rates of high blood pressure in the overall population by 7 to 8 percent, the group said.
And a program that gets inactive people to exercise could decrease the rate of high blood pressure by 4 percent to 6 percent.
Doctors typically use generic drugs such as beta blockers and ACE inhibitors to control blood pressure. Lowering blood pressure can cut the risk of stroke, heart attack, heart failure and other conditions.
MANY INSURED PEOPLE NOT TREATED
According to the report, 86 percent of people with uncontrolled high blood pressure have insurance and see their doctors regularly. But Fleming said doctors often fail to follow guidelines, which is why many patients do not know they have the condition and are not taking steps to control it.
The group called for the CDC to research the reasons doctors fail to treat high blood pressure, and consider making blood pressure treatment a quality measure in any accreditation program.
Internal medicine specialist Dr. Ingrid Chung (R) checks for blood pressure of a patient during a medical exam at her practice in Chantilly, Virginia, July 30, 2009. REUTERS/Hyungwon Kang
The group also asked the CDC to urge the federal Medicare and Medicaid programs and private insurers to reduce out-of-pocket deductibles and co-payments for blood pressure drugs, and to work with the drug industry to simplify the process for patients to get reduced-cost or free drugs.
About half a billion people worldwide have hypertension.
Risk factors include obesity, a sedentary lifestyle and smoking. Chronic illnesses such as diabetes, kidney disease and high cholesterol also can raise one's risk.
The NHS will be shown no mercy in a global carve-up of health. The plan is to for the whole of the health provision of the globe to be “harmonised” to fit within a standardised privatised structure/network. Despite denials from Lansley and Cameron, the NHS sell-off was planned well in advance. Global privatisation of the National Health service was always the aim.
Cameron denied any knowledge of Mark Britnell, yet he had been invited to several very high profile meetings about the future of the NHS before coming to power.
Mark Britnell advisor to David Cameron, also has connections to Andrew Lansley , see Guardian report here.
Writing in the Health Service Journal, Britnell also suggested that the NHS would be better served by breaking with the mantra that all services should be free at the point of delivery by allowing co-payment, where patients share the costs of care and drugs.
“It appears that countries that have a mixed blend of public and private provision, co-payment and social insurance are possibly more capable of providing resilient healthcare systems.”
Britnell was a key speaker in New York at a meeting about the global privatisation of the NHS. He said, “The NHS will be shown no mercy.”
From deliverer to insurer The other change that Britnell sees in the UK is even more fundamental: “In future, The NHS will be a state insurance provider not a state deliverer.” In future ‘any willing provider' from the private sector will be able to sell goods and services to the system. Britnell comments: “The NHS will be shown no mercy and the best time to take advantage of this will be in the next couple of years.” The monolithic arm of state control will be relaxed which will provide a huge opportunity for efficient private sector suppliers. Download the pdf Document on Global Privatisation of Health
This is clear evidence of the intention to sell off our Health Service to the world's profiteers.
There's no secret here about the globalised privatisation of Health.
There's no secret about the intentions.
Mr Cameron, the British people will show you no mercy. It's time to go. Now.
Further Reading
Source of “No Mercy” http://www.spinwatch.org/blogs-mainmenu-29/tamasin-cave-mainmenu-107/5435-the-nhs-will-be-shown-no-mercyq-says-cameron-health-adviser
Also From Think Left:
For Richer for Poorer, In Sickness and in Health
Story highlights No further negotiations are scheduled
Sides are deadlocked over salaries, revenue sharing
The league's owners began a lockout of players in early July
The first two weeks of the regular season have already been canceled
Labor talks between NBA players and owners broke off late Thursday.
No further negotiations are scheduled between the sides, which are deadlocked over revenue sharing and salaries.
With the first two weeks of the regular season already canceled, the pressure is on to resolve the labor impasse.
"We were unable to bridge the gap that separates the two parties and at this time we have no further discussions scheduled with the union," NBA Deputy Commissioner Adam Silver told reporters.
NBA Commissioner David Stern was not at Thursday's mediation sessions because he has the flu.
Stern has said that last season was not profitable for most of the league's 30 owners, who want cost-cutting help from players. The league lost as much as $300 million in the 2010-11 season, he has said.
One of the battles has focused on the owners' rejection of the players union's call for an average $7 million player salary in the sixth year of a new labor deal. The current average salary is about $5 million.
Other big issues include a fight over a move by owners to gain the bigger share of revenues and whether the NBA will strengthen its salary cap.
The league's owners began a lockout of players in early July.
"First and foremost, we make to make sure that our fans understand this is not a very happy day for us," Derek Fisher, president of the NBA Players Association, said soon after talks broke off. "There are a lot of people's livelihoods at stake."
Abstract We estimate a spatial model of liquor demand to analyze the impact of government-controlled retailing on entry patterns. In the absence of the Pennsylvania Liquor Control Board, the state would have roughly 2.5 times the current number of stores, higher consumer surplus, and lower payments to liquor store employees. With just over half the number of stores that would maximize welfare, the government system is instead best rationalized as profit maximization with profit sharing. Government operation mitigates, but does not eliminate, free entry's bias against rural consumers. We find only limited evidence of political influence on entry. (JEL D42, D72, L11, L12, L43, L81)
Citation Seim, Katja, and Joel Waldfogel. 2013. "Public Monopoly and Economic Efficiency: Evidence from the Pennsylvania Liquor Control Board's Entry Decisions." American Economic Review , 103 (2): 831-62 . DOI: 10.1257/aer.103.2.831 Choose Format: BibTeX EndNote Refer/BibIX RIS Tab-Delimited
Chicago Cubs fans have been waiting forever to see their team play in Major League Baseball's World Series.
The last time they appeared in the contest, Harry Truman was our president--and the last time they won, the first Ford Model-T's had just rolled off the assembly line.
World War II veteran Jim Schlegel is one of those passionate fans who have been waiting for their team's return to the spotlight, Juan Williams reported on The Five.
The 97-year-old saw the Cubs play in their last World Series in 1945, right after he returned home from the war.
Schlegel wanted to go to see this year's game as well, so his granddaughter set up a GoFundMe page to raise the $10,000 ticket price.
Within one day, that goal was reached, but it turned out he did not need to raise the money after all.
Marcus Lemonis, the host of CNBC's 'The Profit,' was searching for the perfect Cubs fan to send to the World Series, and after hearing Schlegel's story, connected with his family and donated two front-row seat tickets to the veteran.
This man is so deserving. We've connected and he's going with my two tix first row Friday. Enjoy Jim, bring us a win!!! @Cubs @fox32news https://t.co/C3LxCu5V0w — Marcus Lemonis (@marcuslemonis) October 25, 2016
Schlegel will now be attending Friday's game at Wrigley Field in Chicago with his son, thanks to Lemonis.
He will donate the GoFundMe donations to the Purple Heart Foundation to help his fellow veterans.
Schlegel predicts the Cubs will win the 2016 series, ending their 108-year drought.
Former Bishop Miege High wide receiver Justin McCay, a former five-star prospect who spent the last two seasons at Oklahoma University, has joined the parade of impact recruits to commit to Charlie Weis and the Kansas University football team.
McCay announced today that he will transfer to KU and is expected to begin taking classes during the spring semester.
The 6-foot-2, 209-pound wideout who was ranked as the top player in Kansas in the Class of 2010, was in Lawrence on Wednesday night to take in the KU-K-State men's basketball game.
Evidently, that was enough to convince him to choose KU over K-State, which was his other finalist.
“The visit was great,” McCay told Jon Kirby of JayhawkSlant.com. “And I think this is a great opportunity to build from the ground up.”
Technically a red-shirt freshman, McCay played in just three games this season because of injury. He has received a release from OU but his official eligibility status remains up in the air and could go a number of different ways. That should all be hammered out in the next few weeks.
According to Kirby's report, McCay committed to Weis at the end of his visit.
“He is a great guy,” McCay said of Weis. “He is 100 percent straight-up and when he says he is going to do something he gets it done. I want to be a part of what he is building. He's bringing in the tools to win.”
McCay originally chose OU over offers from Notre Dame, Florida, Florida State, Georgia, Kansas State, Missouri, Oregon and Texas A&M.;
I first got my Mexican butterwort plants right before winter dormancy last year. I knew they went through a “succulent phase” for dormancy, but honestly had no idea what that looked like! There didn't seem to be many clear images online, so I decided to closely document the dormancy of my own plants. All I knew was their dormancy was triggered by reduced watering, so I stopped watering them in November.
Here's a set of shots of my Pinguicula esseriana soon after I first got it. The carnivorous leaves are still coming in!
Here it is again in early December. The new leaves coming in are shorter and more of a rosette. They're also fuzzier. It doesn't look like they have the sticky dew of carnivorous leaves.
And here it is just a few days ago! You can see the newer leaves are also not as curled up at the edges as the older carnivorous leaves are. The curled leaf edges are called drool edges and they prevent digested bug juice from running off the leaf. How funny is that!
Remember my little round tray of butterworts?
All of them are producing the short, rosette of leaves too! This seems to be a universal trait of dormant Mexican butterworts. Here is Pinguicula ‘Sethos' still putting out some carnivorous leaves in November.
And the same plant in January. The new leaf growth definitely looks more like succulent leaves! No sticky goo here.
Pinguicula laueana has come a long way from missing half of its leaves!
The little ones are creating their own super-tiny dormant leaves too! Here is Pinguicula gracilis in November.
And in December. You can really start to see the differences between the carnivorous and succulent leaves here. Those dew drops make it look like a sundew!
And in January. The carnivorous leaves have started to die back and this little guy is still smaller than a dime! I originally got two P. gracilis but one ended up dying. I'm hesitant to take leaf pullings from this one until it gets bigger and more established.
Starting next month, I plan on pulling leaves from P. ‘Sethos', esseriana, laueana, and agnata x moranensis for propagation. These are most robust, established pings and this will be my first time taking pullings from them! It doesn't seem to be that difficult, but it will be my first time. Wish me luck!
How are your dormant pings looking? Heck, how are all of your dormant plants looking? Are you as desperate for spring as I am right now? Let me know in a comment! 😉
Hugh Jackman has made it clear that not even Deadpool will get him to reprise the role of Wolverine after Logan , but if Marvel Studios owned the X-Men, then his decision would have been much different...
Talking to Hugh Jackman has made no secret of the fact that he would like to see Wolverine team-up with Captain America and Iron Man, but with Fox holding the rights to the character that's simply never going to happen no matter how good the relationship between them and Marvel becomes. Now, with Jackman insisting he's done after Logan, we have some news sure to break your hearts.Talking to ScreenRant recently, the actor was asked whether he would have considered sticking around as Wolverine if he'd been given the chance to meet The Avengers, and his answer was understandably a resounding yes.
Facebook said inappropriate comments in an anonymous discussion board that became a forum for political debate led to it being shut down. Photo: Jeff Chiu/Associated Press .
Facebook Inc. FB -0.58% ▲ dismantled a popular anonymous discussion board for employees last year that had become a forum for conservative political debate that sometimes degenerated into racist or sexist comments, people familiar with the matter said, a rare move to censor speech internally.
FB Anon, the name of the forum shut down in December and reported on Wednesday, became a hub for employees who backed Donald Trump's candidacy, the people said. Before the election, the group put up posters across campus that read “Trump Supporters Welcome.”
But FB Anon also attracted comments that many employees found offensive, the people said. For example, some posts last year said Facebook lowered the bar to attract female engineers to boost its diversity numbers, one of the people said, provoking angry responses from others in the chat room.
“A cornerstone of our culture is being open,” said Lori Goler, Facebook's head of people, in a statement Wednesday. “The FB Anon internal Facebook group violated our terms of service, which require people who use Facebook (including our employees) to use an authentic identity on our platform.”
In explaining the decision in early 2017, Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg told employees that FB Anon contained harassing messages, according to one of the people.
At the time, Facebook reminded employees that there were other forums where they could discuss confidential matters, but not anonymously.
The disabling of the board illustrates Facebook's struggle to cultivate open, freewheeling debate, while still following company rules of decency to not alienate employees with racist and sexist views. The internal challenges mirror the social-media company's difficulties in policing speech and extremist views on its broader platform, used by more than two billion people a month.
Some employees disagreed with Facebook's move, even if they found some views expressed on FB Anon offensive. There was “lots of information that you would not have had otherwise,” one of the people said.
Similar to Google, Facebook prides itself on an open culture that welcomes criticism and debate among employees. It is common for Facebook employees to raise difficult topics directly to Mr. Zuckerberg during his weekly question-and-answer sessions and even more so in internal discussion boards, created for employees to discuss topics ranging from the cafeteria food to projects, current and former employees say.
For example, many employees had criticized Mr. Zuckerberg's decision to leave up Mr. Trump's Facebook posts about banning Muslims from entering the U.S., even though the posts qualified as hate speech under Facebook's content guidelines.
Facebook executives, including Mr. Zuckerberg, have tried to cultivate ideological diversity within the company, especially after a May 2016 report said curators of Facebook's “trending topics” feature suppressed news from conservative sources.
The decision to disable anonymous posting came in the wake of last year's presidential election, which sparked debate among the company's liberal employees, many of whom openly lamented Facebook's failure to uproot fabricated news articles in the run-up to the election, the people said.
Built by Facebook employees as a side project a couple of years ago, FB Anon became a forum for Facebook employees to air grievances or share information that could get them in trouble.
One year, someone shared on FB Anon a spreadsheet with detailed compensation information across Facebook, sparking an internal controversy over pay differences between technical and nontechnical employees, some of the people familiar said.
Last year, some posts within FB Anon said code written by women was rejected more often than code written by men because Facebook lowers the bar for female engineers so it can improve its diversity numbers, one of the people said. The comment was in response to debate on FB Anon about a female engineer's analysis showing a discrepancy in code rejections by gender. Facebook rejected the engineer's conclusion after doing its own assessment.
One casualty of the disabling of anonymous posting was a second anonymous page, meant for women and minorities to air grievances without retribution. It contained few offensive posts, others said.
Some details of the anonymous forums were first reported by news site Business Insider.
Minimum Wage Increase Will Reduce Poverty Even Less than I Thought By David Henderson
In a post earlier this month, I reported on a Brief Analysis I did for the National Center for Policy Analysis, drawing on a journal article by Sabia and Burkhauser, showing that a hypothetical increase in the minimum wage from $7.25 an hour to $9.50 an hour would not be well targeted on poor households. The reason is simple: the vast majority of low-wage workers are not in poor households.
I was pleased to see that bloggers Tyler Cowen, Greg Mankiw, and John Cochrane linked to my post.
Tyler Cowen recently did a post pointing out that the Sabia/Burkhauser results on this issue have not, as far as he knows, been challenged.
I was careful not to say that an increase in the minimum wage would not reduce poverty. I did lay out how, if some of the low-wage workers lose their jobs, the gains to minimum wageworkers would be less. But that job loss doesn't mean that increasing the minimum won't reduce poverty.
But now that I have thought more about it, there's more to say. The reduction in poverty you estimate using a Sabia/Burkhauser approach will overstate the reduction in poverty. Why? Because it's a partial equilibrium approach. Sabia and Burkhauser–and I'm not faulting them for this–don't ask the following question: If the minimum wage rises and if the reduction in jobs is minimal, what happens to the households that buy the goods and services produced by low-wage workers?
When the minimum wage increases, costs for employers of low-wage workers rise. When costs rise, the supply curves and marginal cost curves shift up. When the supply curves and marginal cost curves shift up, prices rise.
Who pays those prices? In many cases, households that are close to poverty. When they pay higher prices, their real income falls. When their real income falls, some of them will become poor.
Moreover, when poor people pay higher prices they become poorer. Although that will not show up as increase in poverty–they were already poor–it's not good.
As Steven Landsburg puts it:
The minimum wage takes from the (mostly) relatively poor people who buy a lot of fast food and gives to the (mostly) relatively poor people who serve it. When I go into McDonald's in the morning, most of the customers strike me as less well off than the nice lady who serves me my Egg McMuffin.
So, whereas the direct effect of the minimum wage increase is to reduce poverty, this indirect effect will increase poverty. Which effect would dominate? It's an empirical issue. My gut feel is that the direct effect would dominate and poverty would fall. But I don't have a strong gut feel that the direct effect is much bigger than the indirect effect.
The clearcut implication, though, is that the hypothetical minimum wage increase would reduce poverty even less than I had thought.
Dear Spring Community,
The Spring Integration team wants to wish you a Happy New Year!
We have been super-busy working on new features and improvements. Here is an overview of our recent activities around Spring Integration and Spring AMQP:
We made several maintenance releases of Spring Integration 4.2.x, the most recent being Spring Integration 4.2.4. All other maintenance versions will be released only on demand.
Spring Integration 4.3 is planned for this summer. Furthermore, for version 5.0, we started looking more closely at incorporating Reactive Streams into the Framework.
Similarly with the Spring AMQP project, the current maintenance version is 1.5.3 and 1.6 has been started, too.
Spring Integration Java DSL 1.1.1 is available, too. You can find several Java DSL samples in the latest Spring Integration Manual, by the way.
Spring Integration Kakfa 1.3 has been released as well with features like:
Kafka Native Offest Manager;
Sync Producer and ProducerListener callback support;
callback support; New Brokers discovery for the KafkaMessageListenerContainer ;
; And yes: the High Level Consumer Adapter has been deprecated.
We are also working on Spring Integration Kafka 2.0 which will be based on Apache Kafka 0.9.
Spring Integration Zip
Today we are pleased to announce that the Spring Integration Zip 1.0.0.M1 is now available from the Milestone Repository.
Especial thanks to our pal Gunnar Hillert, who initiated and started the work for this extension.
The Spring Integration Zip extension provides compression/uncompression components as you would expect. The “hard” work is done by the AbstractZipTransformer implementations which uses the ZeroTurnaround ZIP Library under the covers. zt-zip provides a convenient, high-level API over the standard java.util.zip package.
With this Milestone 1 the following components are provided:
Zip transformer
The goal of this component is to zip inbound message payloads and to produce a compressed archive, based on the java.util.zip.Deflater compression level. The following message payload types are supported: File , String , byte[] or Iterable of those types. The result can be returned either as a File or as byte[] of compressed data. This is defined by the ZipResultType .
It is easy to configure the Zip Transformer with XML components:
<int-zip:zip-transformer input-channel="input" output-channel="output" result-type="BYTE_ARRAY" compression-level="9"/>
as well as with Java Config:
@Bean @Transformer(inputChannel = "input", outputChannel = "output") public ZipTransformer zipTransformer() { ZipTransformer zipTransformer = new ZipTransformer(); zipTransformer.setCompressionLevel(Deflater.BEST_COMPRESSION); zipTransformer.setZipResultType(ZipResultType.BYTE_ARRAY); return zipTransformer; }
UnZip transformer
The logic implemented in the uncompression component is similarly straightforward. For the input message payload, the following types are supported: File , String or byte[] and treated as an archive to decompress. When unzipping data, you can also specify a property expectSingleResult . If set to true and more than 1 zip entry were detected, a MessagingException will be raised. This property also influences the return type of the payload. If set to false (the default), then the payload will be of type SortedMap , if true , however, the actual zip entry will be returned.
The config for this component is simple, too:
<int-zip:unzip-transformer input-channel="input" output-channel="output" delete-files="true" result-type="FILE" expect-single-result="true"/>
@Bean @Transformer(inputChannel = "input", outputChannel = "output") public UnZipTransformer unZipTransformer() { UnZipTransformer unZipTransformer = new UnZipTransformer(); unZipTransformer.setExpectSingleResult(true); unZipTransformer.setZipResultType(ZipResultType.FILE); unZipTransformer.setWorkDirectory(new File("/usr/tmp/uncompress")); unZipTransformer.setDeleteFiles(true); return unZipTransformer; }
UnZip Result Splitter
The UnZipResultSplitter can be used as a downstream helper component to produce each unzipped entry as a separate message. The FileHeaders.FILENAME and ZipHeaders.ZIP_ENTRY_PATH headers are populated for each split item:
<int:chain input-channel="input" output-channel="out"> <int-zip:unzip-transformer result-type="BYTE_ARRAY"/> <int:splitter> <bean class="org.springframework.integration.zip.splitter.UnZipResultSplitter"/> </int:splitter> </int:chain>
Conclusion
This is just the beginning for this extension and any community feedback is very important to us as it helps us to understand what to improve, what should be added or changed. Therefore, do not hesitate to reach out to us via any available channel to share your ideas or to get some help from us!
Georgina Yeomans worked in the Civil Rights Division as a paralegal and is now in her final year at Columbia Law School. William Yeomans worked as an attorney and senior official in the Justice Department's Civil Rights Division for 24 years. He is now a fellow in law and government at American University's Washington College of Law.
Chances are that police officers in Ferguson, Mo., and Staten Island, N.Y., won't face federal charges for the deaths of Michael Brown and Eric Garner. If this strikes you as a travesty of justice, don't blame grand juries. Or investigators. Or prosecutors. Blame Congress and the courts.
That's because any federal investigation of this type is governed by a vaguely worded, 149-year old statute that has been repeatedly narrowed, weakened and made confusing over the years by lawmakers and judges. It has been used periodically to bring to justice defendants that the states either did not want to charge or were unable to prosecute successfully. Think: violent white supremacists of the 1960s or the Los Angeles police officers who pummeled Rodney King. These are often uncertain endeavors and they often fail—or even fail to materialize—because of the weakness of the law. It need not be this way, but only Congress can change that—and it should—to create a statute that balances the rights of individuals with the needs of police officers to perform their difficult and dangerous jobs.
Story Continued Below
The law in question was first enacted in 1866, reenacted in 1870 and modified in 1874 during Reconstruction primarily to protect newly freed slaves from violence and other abuses committed by states. It is not specific to police officer misconduct. As with other Reconstruction legislation, it fell into disuse as a result of restrictive judicial interpretations and a lack of zeal in its enforcement.
The law opens to prosecution anyone who “under color of any law . . . willfully subjects any person . . . to the deprivation of any rights, privileges, or immunities secured or protected by the Constitution or laws of the United States . . . .” A narrow reading of what constitutes “color of law” and an anemic view of the rights protected by the Constitution rendered the statute ineffective. Congress revisited the law in 1909 to water it down further by requiring prosecutors to prove that defendants acted “willfully.” And it amended it in 1968, 1988, and 1994 to increase its penalties without changing its substance.
It was not until 1945 that a divided Supreme Court in the case of Screws v. United States restored some life to the law by finally making it clear that the fatal beating of an African American man by a Georgia sheriff and two officers were actions taken “under color of law.” But in applying the statute for the first time to the prosecution of violent law enforcement officials, the high court made it still tougher to charge and convict police officers. That's because the statute requires the federal government to show that the police officer acted with the specific intent to deprive the victim of a federally protected right. The intent requirement places the difficult burden on prosecutors to prove what the officer was thinking. Courts have said that prosecutors don't need to show that the officer fully understood the right that was in jeopardy. It is sufficient that the officer knowingly engaged in conduct that violated a right, but only if the right had previously been clearly established.
Crystal clear, right? No wonder the statute remained little used until the 1960's when the Justice Department prosecuted southern law enforcement officials, still with limited success. For instance, according to the Attorney General's annual report in 1966, there were 12 trials involving the statute that year, but zero convictions. Similarly, the Justice Department convened a grand jury to investigate the beatings in Selma in 1965, but the grand jury refused to indict.
Anyone who can make sense of this convoluted standard is far ahead of most of the jurors who have had to grapple with it. In the most common cases in which officers are charged with using too much force, the standard has been simplified to require a showing beyond a reasonable doubt that the officer intentionally used more force than was reasonably necessary under the circumstances. Reasonableness is to be determined based on all of the circumstances that confronted the officer at the time—a standard that leaves officers considerable leeway. This leeway is expanded by the fact that allegations of excessive force often turn on the victim's word against the officer's. It bears repeating—if only because so many purportedly knowledgeable commentators keep getting it wrong—that the government does not need to prove racial animus as an element of the crime.
FloCombat's hottest content, delivered to your inbox
Newspapers today continued to cover the ongoing crises in Iran, including the dust pollution in Khuzestan province [southwest] and the flood and heavy snow in southern and northern Iran, respectively.
The ongoing Munich Security Conference also received great coverage. Many newspapers covered the remarks made by various European and world leaders and the harsh criticisms levelled by Europe against the US and its new administration.
Another top story today was the remarks made by Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif in an interview with CNN's Christiane Amanpour on the sidelines of Munich Security Conference.
The above issues, as well as many more, are highlighted in the following headlines:
19 Dey:
1- Reformists Looking for Communication with Iran's Leader
2- Nuclear Deal Put an End to Anti-Iran Sanctions: US VP
3- Iran's First VP Calls for Mobilisation of All Forces and Equipment to Resolve Khuzestan Crisis
Abrar:
1- Pentagon: ISIS Leaders Fleeing from Raqqa
2- Mogherini: JCPOA Has Achieved Its Goals
3- Ahmadinejad's VP to Run for Presidential Votes
4- Zarif: Obama Took Part in Iran Nuclear Talks Because He Knew Sanctions Were Futile
5- MP: Names of Culprits behind Plasco Building Collapse to Be Declared by Mid-March
Abrar-e Eqtesadi:
1- Transport Minister's Impeachment Will Mainly Focus on His Inefficiency: MP
Aftab-e Yazd:
1- Transfer of Friendship Using Wrestling: US Wrestling Federation and Wrestlers Appreciate Iranian People
2- Underwater Smuggling: Parts of Drowned Ship in Bushehr Coast Dismantled for Sale; When the Italian Luxury Cruiser SS Raffaello Was Internationally Known, No One Thought Its Life Would Get Over in Iran-Iraq War
Arman-e Emrooz:
1- Conflict between US and Europe over Nuclear Deal: Europe Once Again Reaffirm Commitment to JCPOA, This Time in Munich Security Conference
2- Hardliners Impeach Transport Minister Akhoundi: Reformists Are Opposed to Impeachment
Asr-e Rasaneh:
1- High-Quality Iranian Cars to Be Released in Nowruz [mid-March]
2- Petchem Industrialists Hopeful about Conditions Provided after Nuclear Deal
3- Malaysians to Go on Hajj Pilgrimage through Iranian Roads
4- 90% of Mobile Phones in Iran's Market Are Contraband
Ebtekar:
1- Department of Environment Chief: Khuzestan Dust Pollution Is an International Issue
2- Impacts of US President's Threats on Iran's Economy: France Using the Opportunity; Citroen CEO: We Welcome US President's Anti-Iran Threats as They Scare Our Rivals Away from Iran Market
3- Iranian FM Zarif Holds Meetings with His Counterparts on Sidelines of Munich Security Conference: World Order Is Munich's Priority
Ettela'at:
1- Rouhani: Government to Accompany People of Khuzestan until Full Resolution of Problems
2- 80 Countries to Attend Tehran Conference in Support of Palestine's Intifada
3- G20 Call for Political Resolution of Syria Crisis
4- Zarif to CNN: Threats and Insults Will Make Iranian Nation United
Hemayat:
1- Advocates of Human Rights Continue Their Dirty Game: Canadian Court Issues Anti-Iran Ruling on False Pretext of Supporting Terrorism
2- IRGC General: ISIS Elements Arrested in Northwestern Iran
3- Foreign Ministry Spokesman Condemns Sweden's Anti-Iran Human Rights Resolution
Iran:
1- Zarif to CNN: Nuclear Deal Was Best Deal for Everyone; Trump's Order Was an Insult to Iranian Nation
2- Iranian Wrestler Komeil Qassemi: I Lost My Hair Because of Stressful Last Match with US Wrestler [Qassemi's win led to Iran's world championship]
Javan:
1- Pharmaceutical Companies' Mafia Preventing Treatment of Cancer in Iran: Importers behind Excessive Use of Chemotherapy for Cancer
2- Zarif: World Has Entered Post-West Statge
3- McCain: US Is in Chaos
4- Munich's Riot against White House: Europeans Not Calmed Down by US VP
Jomhouri Eslami:
1- Europeans' Harsh Criticism of Washington in Munich Security Conference
2- Pope: There's Nothing Called Islamic Terrorism
3- Merkel: We Should Distinguish between Islam and Terrorism
4- UN Secretary General in Meeting with Iranian FM in Munich: JCPOA Is a Major Factor in Int'l Peace and Stability
5- Russian Jet Fighters Attack ISIS Base in Raqqa
Kayhan:
1- Tens of Cities Grappling with Flood, Snow, and Dust Pollution; Need for Mobilisation of Bodies to Rescue People
2- Al Jazeera: Saudi Arabia's Struggle Pointless, Yemeni People Are Invincible
3- Reformists Scared of Hearing People's Questions: Continued Reactions to Reformist and Pro-Government MPs' Plan to Arrest Whoever Asks a Question in Speeches
4- Pakistani Army Attacks Afghanistan Using 200 Missiles
Khorasan:
1- ISIS Element's Horrible Confessions: I Raped 200 Women and Girls and Killed 500
2- Zarif to CNN: We Need Defensive Tools to Show Resistance against Warmongers
Payam-e Zaman:
1- Zarif: There's International Consensus to Keep Nuclear Deal
2- Iran's Leader Appreciates Iranian Wrestling Team
Resalat:
1- Business Official: Iran's Industry and Production in Deadlock
2- IRGC General: Counterrevolutionary Forces Are in Stage of Armed Conflict against Islamic Republic
3- Zarif: The Only Possessor of Nukes in Middle East Is Moaning about Iran's Defensive Tools
4- New York Times: Trump Turning US into Ruins
Saheb Qalam:
1- IRGC General Rezaei: Without Our Forces in Syria, Iranian Borders Would Become Insecure
2- Foreign Ministry Spokesman: FM Zarif Won't Meet US Secretary of State
Shahrvand:
1- While People Spending Difficult Time Because of Natural Disasters, Iranian Red Crescent Society's Budget Still in Limbo
2- A Report on Critical Conditions of Subway Operators after Passengers Commit Suicide
Sobh-e Now:
1- Drought in Lake Urmia's Budget: Government Has Not Allocated a Single Penny for Next Year
Vaghaye Ettefaghieh:
1- Environment Department Chief: UN to Hold Int'l Meeting in Iran on Fight against Dust Pollution
2- Trump on Verge of Impeachment: Newly-Arrived US Cabinet in Russians' Trap
3- Loss of $40 Million: A Report on Damages to Iran's Oil Income Caused by Dust Pollution and Power Failure in Khuzestan Province
The Baltimore-based Institute of Human Virology (IHV) at the University of Maryland School of Medicine launched its Phase 1 clinical trials of a novel HIV vaccine candidate developed by a research team led by Robert C. Gallo, MD, the Homer & Martha Gudelsky Distinguished Professor of Medicine and Director of IHV.
Dr. Gallo's team includes his IHV co-workers George Lewis, PhD and Anthony DeVico, PhD, and Tim Fouts, PhD of Baltimore-based Profectus Biosciences, Inc., a spinoff company from IHV. Enrollment for the clinical trials began October 1, 2015. The candidate immunogen, denoted as the Full-Length Single Chain (FLSC), is designed to elicit strongly protective antibody responses across the spectrum of HIV-1 strains.
“Maryland is one of the top science, bio-health, and research regions in the country and is home to some of the most brilliant minds in the world,” said Maryland Lt. Governor Boyd Rutherford. “I am especially proud to help announce this first phase of a potential HIV vaccine that is being developed by a talented team at UMD. The Hogan administration will continue to place a priority on supporting the Maryland universities, start-ups, and institutions that are making these groundbreaking discoveries.”
The FLSC is distinguished by its potential ability to induce broad antibody responses to HIV-1. The antibodies induced by the experimental vaccine bind to common HIV regions that are exposed when the virus attaches to target cells, rather than to specific characteristics of the HIV envelope protein that may not be present in all virus strains. This strategy could potentially overcome limitations of previous vaccine candidates that responded to a narrower range of HIV strains.
Read more
Important map notes Six maps were adopted with the Management Plan in 2017, replacing the original four.
There have been significant operational changes since the original plan was adopted in 2007 - e.g. the skiway has been moved, and some adjustments were made to the Zones and Sectors in 2017.
The new maps completed in 2017 reflect these changes. The maps provided here are the same as those adopted in the Management Plan.
Because ice and facilities at the South Pole are moving, a Local Grid is used to define ASMA Zone and Sector boundaries. Local Grid bearings remain consistent relative to facilities at the Pole and the Zone and Sector boundaries move with the Local Grid. Local Grid North aligns with the Greenwich meridian (0º). Thus, the offset of the Local Grid from the true geographical grid changes over time.
Summary of Maps
Since adoption of the original ASMA Management Plan in 2007 some significant operational changes have occurred at the South Pole. For example, the former geodesic dome at the station has been demolished and removed, and the new Amundsen-Scott South Pole Station has been completed. The ski-way has been shifted further from the Clean Air Sector, and there have been revisions to local arrangements for non-governmental expeditions. Moreover, as the ice sheet is shifting at a rate of ~10 m per year, the position of everything relative to the Geographical South Pole has also changed. Updates were made and two new maps were added to capture these changes in 2017.
These new maps were adopted with the Management Plan in 2017 are also attached to the plan available from the Antarctic Treaty Secretariat.
Venezuelan president Nicolas Maduro (ChinaFotoPress/Getty)
Socialist policies are turning the country into a madhouse.
Considering a trip to the socialist asylum of Lieutenant Colonel Lunatic, aka Hugo Chávez? Just make sure you're topped up on economic Kool-Aid.
Now led by President Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela is rotting. The statistics speak volumes. Inflation in Venezuela is around 65 percent — perhaps higher. According to an in-country NGO, the Venezuelan Observatory of Violence, the 2014 murder rate was the second-highest globally, war zones included. Venezuelans now struggle to access the most basic necessities. Suffering from chronic shortages of coffee, toilet paper, and just about every good Venezuela imports (most goods are imported, thanks to Chávez's idiocy), citizens must line up for hours to scrounge whatever they can. They struggle for sustenance and also basic survival. As Juan Forero reports at the Wall Street Journal, Venezuela's health-care system now requires patients to scavenge replacement heart valves.
Advertisement
But Maduro isn't worried. His power insulates him from the icy waters of socialism. And he's happy to blame the United States for his country's ills. In recent days, Maduro has been threatening with military exercises and fiery rhetoric. And while the most vulnerable are left to rot, the Chávezville elite live in splendor.
George Orwell reminds us why: All animals are equal but some animals are more equal than others.
Advertisement
Still, some — many Western liberals included — believe that Venezuela's suffering, while regrettable, is not an indictment of the regime. Instead, they celebrate Chávez's success in reducing poverty, claiming that this vindicates his economic policies. This overlooks that Venezuela has the largest proven oil reserves of any nation and that Venezuela's natural beauty could lead to a huge increase in tourism..
Advertisement
The problem is that Chávez, Maduro, and company have only ever wanted personal power. They see themselves as reincarnations of Simón Bolívar. But where Bolívar opposed the tyranny of the Spanish empire, Maduro opposes the “tyranny” of free enterprise. The Chávistas have always been crackpots, but, until recently, high oil prices enabled them to paper over their failings. No longer. Plummeting oil prices have eviscerated government budgets.
In response, Maduro is doubling down on insanity. Contemplate the comrade's magnificent crisis plan: Rather than accepting that shortages in goods are caused by his price controls and collapsed currency, Maduro blames hoarders and foreign conspirators (a favorite regime scapegoat), while he restricts shopping days. Rather than recognizing that his neglect means that medical professionals can't replace their tools, Maduro blames greed. Rather than admitting that Mad Max criminality contributes to police corruption and low morale, Maduro rants about the ills of “individualism” and “consumerism.” Rather than tolerating scrutiny, Maduro attacks freedom of the press. Rather than pursuing dialogue with the political opponents, Maduro imprisons them and cuddles North Korea.
As I say, Chávezville is an asylum.
Advertisement
Advertisement
What's most tragic about this lunacy is that it's slamming the door on so many opportunities. As with France, Greece, and Scotland, socialism has wreaked havoc upon an entire nation. And with Maduro as dictator, Venezuela's future is sinking fast.
— Tom Rogan, based in Washington, D.C., writes for National Review. He is a panelist on The McLaughlin Group and holds the Tony Blankley chair at the Steamboat Institute. He tweets @TomRtweets.
NaVorro Bowman suffered a torn ACL and MCL late in the San Francisco 49ers' NFC Championship Game loss to the Seattle Seahawks.
Even though he withstood a gruesome injury, Bowman made an amazing play, one he didn't officially get credit for.
Before Eric Reid came in like a torpedo and struck Bowman's knee with his helmet, the star linebacker managed to strip the ball from Seahawks receiver Jermaine Kearse.
The evolution of the NFL:
Take a look at how the NFL has evolved from its humble roots, and the efforts being made to ensure it continues to grow.
Bowman clearly cradled the ball and had possession before the pileup ensued, but officials never saw it. Instead, Marshawn Lynch emerged with the football, and the Seahawks maintained possession. On the next play, with the Seahawks up 20-17, Lynch fumbled on a fourth-down run and the 49ers got the ball back anyway.
Fumbles are not reviewable, but it wasn't "the right call on the field," NFL vice president of officiating Dean Blandino revealed Wednesday.
"The pass is going to be ruled complete. The key is that the ruling on the field was a fumble recovered by Seattle," Blandino said during his "Official Review" segment, which will air on NFL Network's "NFL Total Access" at 7 p.m. ET. "That's important because the recovery of the loose ball, if it doesn't involve a sideline, or it doesn't involve the end zone, it's not reviewable.
"The reason for that is that if we made that reviewable, then you potentially can have a replay reviewed on every pileup after a fumble when a lot of times it's difficult to tell who has it," Blandino added. "So you could create an exception, and when you look at the replays here, it's clear that Bowman did have possession of the football. If one of our officials had recognized that, we should have given San Francisco possession."
Blandino said a rule change might be coming. However, he said the issue with creating an exception is that you "further complicate the rule."
The "Around The League Podcast" is now available on iTunes! Click here to listen and subscribe.
Former Vice President Al Gore Albert (Al) Arnold GoreOvernight Energy: Trump ends talks with California on car emissions | Dems face tough vote on Green New Deal | Climate PAC backing Inslee in possible 2020 run New climate PAC will back Inslee for president Howard Schultz must run as a Democrat for chance in 2020 MORE says President Trump's climate change policies are “a shame."
“With the right kinds of policies we could move even faster on these issues,” Gore told Entertainment Weekly Wednesday.
“So it's a shame that the current administration is trying to slow down the progress because they are beholden to the large carbon polluters,” the former presidential candidate added.
ADVERTISEMENT
“The current administration seems hell-bent on pulling out of Paris Agreement and eliminating [Environmental Protection Agency] programs. It's a shame.”
Gore added he believes that the momentum is ultimately with activists working to reverse climate change.
“But we're still in a moment that's pregnant with the possibility for great change. And I'm completely convinced we're going to win this.”
Trump's administration is considering backing out of the Paris climate deal, an international pact aimed at cutting global greenhouse gas emissions.
A group of tech and utilities companies sent Trump a letter Wednesday urging him to stay in the deal, which was negotiated during the Obama administration.
“We believe that as other countries invest in advanced technologies and move forward with the Paris agreement, the United States can best exercise global leadership and advance U.S. interests by remaining a full partner in this global effort,” they wrote.
Signatories on Wednesday's letter included BP, Shell, Google and Microsoft, as well as other major companies.
EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt, a long-time critic of the EPA in his previous position as Oklahoma's attorney general, was confirmed in February despite fierce opposition from environmental advocates.
Pruitt stirred controversy last month by saying he does not believe that carbon emissions caused by humans are a primary contributor to climate change.
Climate scientists overwhelmingly agree that carbon-dioxide emissions are a major factor in the phenomenon.
1. A lot of Venezuelans are fed-up with their current situation.
Venezuela has faced years of food shortages, insecurity and economic crisis. Over the past year, since former President Hugo Chávez's death on March 5, the situation has gotten even worse.
On the economic front the inflation rate skyrocketed past 50% last year, according to Agence France Presse. Basic necessities like milk, toilet paper and harina pan -- a corn flour used to make arepas, a Venezuelan staple -- have become hard to find.
Crime is another issue on most Venezuelans' minds. The Venezuelan Violence Observatory, a nongovernmental organization, estimated that the homicide rate in 2013 rose to 79 per 100,000 inhabitants, up from 73 per 100,000 in 2012. Such a figure would make Venezuela one of the most violent countries in the world. The government disputes the figures, placing the 2012 homicide rate at 56 per 100,000. By either measure, the figure has soared since the pre-Chávez era. In 1998, before Chávez took office, the U.N. Office on Drugs and Crime put the murder rate at 19 per 100,000.
The opposition to the administration of President Nicolás Maduro say Venezuela's economic and social problems stem from government policies like price controls, government seizure of private businesses, a decaying prison system, easy access to illegal weapons and widespread impunity, according to the Economist. The opposition has gained strength in recent years, fielding 49 percent of the vote in Venezuela's presidential election last year.
2. The protests actually began before Feb. 12.
Students were the ones who started protesting over two weeks ago. They would take the streets in organized peaceful demonstrations to show their discontent with Maduro's government.
On Feb. 12, opposition leader Leopoldo López called for a nationwide peaceful protest. López said the only way to change Venezuela was by taking to the streets. "We need to vote but we also need to take to the streets, protest," López wrote on Venezuelan news site RunRun.es
3. There is more than one leader in the opposition.
Henrique Capriles has a different approach when facing Venezuela's current situation. Capriles, who just barely lost to Maduro in last year's presidential election, has consistently said that taking to the streets will not bring the change that Venezuela needs and that pressuring Maduro to leave is not the solution.
While Capriles was not the one inciting the protests, he did eventually join opposition leaders Leopoldo López and Maria Corina Machado, according to Venezuelan daily El Universal. Capriles has also strongly criticized the government's role in the protests.
4. The protests started out peacefully.
While the protests started peacefully, on Feb. 12 three people were killed when armed vigilantes on motorcycles attacked anti-government demonstrators.
Since then, protests have become increasingly violent, with demonstrators burning tires and throwing rocks and police, in turn, shooting at them with rubber bullets and tear gas, according to Fusion.
Many students have been detained and and some have said they were subjected to abuse by the National Guard. The Venezuelan Penal Forum, a nongovernmental organization, says it has documented instances of beatings and electrocutions, according to El Nuevo Herald. In one case, the organization said authorities raped a young man with the barrel of a rifle. Others have posted firsthand accounts of alleged police brutality online.
5. People from both sides have died.
Both government supporters and opposition activists have died since the protests turned violent. Bassil Da Costa, a marketing student at the Universidad Alejandro de Humboldt, was shot on February 12th. Juancho Montoya, the leader of a pro-government 23rd of January collective, was also killed in confrontations on Feb. 12.
Many have also been reported missing. Distrustful of the media and the government, activists have taken to social media to keep track of disappearances and detentions.
6. Leopoldo López was blamed for the deaths and turned himself into the police.
The Maduro administration blamed Leopoldo Lopez for fomenting unrest against the government and the violence that led to the deaths of at least four people. On Feb. 18, the opposition leader turned himself in to police. "I present myself to an unjust judiciary," Lopez said in a speech before being taken in, according to Reuters. "May my jailing serve to wake up a people."
As of Thursday government prosecutors dropped the murder and terrorism charges. Leopoldo is currently charged with arson and conspiracy, according to CNN. His lawyer, Bernardo Pulido, tweeted that the hearing would take place inside the military zone of Cenapromil, going against López's legal rights.
7. The Venezuelan Media face major censorship
Media censorship in Venezuela increased by 87 percent in 2013, according to the Knight Center for Journalism in the Americas.
But this is nothing new. After shutting down RCTV in 2007 and the recent sale of Globovision, the only opposition-friendly TV station left, freedom of speech in Venezuela decreased significantly.
During the protests, Venezuela's telecommunications regulator, CONATEL, ordered cable providers to drop Colombian broadcaster NTN24. On Thursday, the government revoked CNN's work permits, kicking them out of the country.
8. What now?
Leopoldo López remains in prison and protests continue on the street. While it is unclear exactly what will come of these events, Henrique Capriles, in a speech transmitted solely by CNN En Español and his online streaming channel Capriles.TV, has called Venezuelans to the streets on Saturday to protest the violence.
Obama Says It 'May Be Appropriate' To Appoint Ebola Czar
For the second night in a row, President Obama addressed the American public after meeting with his cabinet about Ebola.
Obama assured Americans that their federal government is taking "this very seriously at the highest level, including me."
"What remains true is this is not an airborne disease," Obama said. "It is not easy to catch. It's important to keep perspective in terms of how we handle this."
Obama spoke hours after lawmakers hammered the chief of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on Capitol Hill over the agency's handling of the first Ebola case diagnosed in the United States. Lawmakers questioned Dr. Thomas Frieden and other health officials over how and why two nurses caring for index patient Thomas Eric Duncan had contracted the disease.
Daniel Varga, a top official from Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital, where Duncan was treated by both nurses, conceded, "We made mistakes."
Obama, however, said that if the U.S. continues to take the steps it has been taking the disease "will be contained" in the United States.
Some lawmakers called for a travel ban on countries experiencing Ebola outbreaks. Obama dismissed those suggestions, saying they would be counterproductive.
The president did leave room for the appointment of a so-called "Ebola czar," or a White House official tasked with keeping the response to the disease on track.
Obama said appointing a czar "may be appropriate."
Flickr/lizasperling While Uber and Lyft fight for cab-calling supremacy, the two also have a common enemy: the state of Virginia. The state's Department of Motor Vehicles sent a cease and desist letter to both companies, ordering them to halt all operations in the state, the Washington Post reports.
Neither company plans to stop.
"As many of the current regulations surrounding taxis and limos were created before anything like Lyft's peer-to-peer model was ever imagined, we're committed to continuing to work with state officials to craft new rules for this new industry," Lyft spokeswoman Chelsea Wilson told Business Insider in an email statement.
She applauded the support and enthusiasm Lyft has received from Virginia customers and defended Lyft's services as being within regulations.
Uber spokeswoman Kaitlin Durkosh reacted similarly, telling Business Insider in an email that Uber has been working "in good faith with the DMV to create a regulatory framework for ridesharing." Durkosh said the DMV's actions will hurt thousands of small business entrepreneurs who depend on ride-sharing services across the state. Still, Durkosh said, "We look forward to continuing to work with the Virginia DMV to find a permanent home for ridesharing in the Commonwealth."
In his letters to the ride-sharing startups, DMV Commissioner Richard Holcomb wrote: "I am once again making it clear that Lyft/Uber must cease and desist operating in Virginia until it obtains proper authority."
Ealier this year, Commonwealth officials hit Lyft and Uber with more than $35,000 in civil penalties, the Post reports.
Interestingly, in nearby Washington, D.C., the D.C. Council is weighing legislation that would let ride-sharing apps operate freely as long as they fulfill certain requirements, the Post writes.
In 1922, Hadley Hemingway gathered up all of her husband's stories—the originals, the typescripts, as well as the carbons—and placed them neatly in manila folders. (Only two stories were not included: “My Old Man” was in the mail to Edward O'Brien, who was collecting it for Best Short Stories, and “Up in Michigan” was hidden in a drawer because Gertrude Stein had once criticized it as being inaccrochable.)
Hemingway was in Lausanne at the time, covering a peace conference for The Star, and Hadley was joining him by train. She wanted to surprise him with the chance to work on his stories through the winter. At the Gare de Lyon, a porter helped Hadley from the taxi to the train and in those short minutes the bag with his stories was stolen.
This devastating scene lends itself to a tizzy of speculation. Did the thief imagine he got hold of something valuable—a bag with money or jewellery hidden inside? What was the response when he found only pages—in a foreign language, no less? Did he toss them into a bin straightaway? Or throw them onto the platform in anger, where they were trampled by rushing passengers and blown about by moving trains? When he recognised there was no money, no jewellery, did he stash the bag somewhere, its contents unmolested, and return to the station to target other unsuspecting passengers? Did someone else find the bag? Wonder at the English writing? Take it away to show a friend who knew the language? Is it in an attic or cellar somewhere? Will we one day hear on the news that Hemingway's lost stories have been recovered?
Once you start on this speculative journey, it's easy to imagine all sorts of scenarios. I've often thought it would be wonderful to write a novel about a disillusioned woman who rents a farmhouse in rural France for a summer and finds the bag with Hemingway's early work in the dusty corner of a wine cellar…Or a failed writer stumbles across the notebooks in an antique shop in Paris and passes them off as his own…Or the manuscripts are found and put up for auction, the eve of which they ‘disappear' again, sparking a chase across several continents…The imagination takes over.
And I'm not alone. There have been many attempts to fictionalise this episode. The only problem is that the mystery of what happened to the missing stories is ultimately less interesting and less compelling than the stories themselves. Any fictional account of their recovery is destined to be unsatisfying. No matter how inventive the attempt, the stories are still lost.
After Hemingway's suicide in 1961, the opposite situation existed. His widow (and fourth wife) Mary marched into the office of Hemingway's publisher Charles Scribner, Jr. with a large shopping bag filled to bursting. The bag contained photocopies of all the unpublished work left by her husband: sketches, stories, fragments, and the autobiographical writing that would become his posthumous memoir, A Moveable Feast (1964). There were also the manuscripts of three major works, all of which were all later published: Islands in the Stream (1970); The Dangerous Summer (1985); and The Garden of Eden (1986).
The three novels, in addition to the memoir, were prepared for publication by Mary Hemingway and Charles Scribner, Jr., and this is the problem. In a note forwarding Islands in the Stream, Mary Hemingway states that “beyond the routine chores of correcting spelling and punctuation, we made some cuts in the manuscript I feel Ernest would surely have made himself. The book is all Ernest's. We have added nothing to it.” Two-thirds of the original manuscript of The Garden of Eden was excluded in the published version, and many of the speeches attributed to one character in the manuscript were attributed to another in the final published work. Hemingway had worked on A Moveable Feast for many years and even prepared a final draft before he died. In her role as literary executor, Mary Hemingway undertook extensive editing. While avowing a hands-off approach, she changed the order of chapters “to preserve chronology”. She also added a chapter (“Birth of a New School”) that had been dropped by Hemingway; and, for reasons unknown (though we might be tempted to speculate), she deleted a lengthy apology to his first wife Hadley, even though the passage appeared in some form or other in every draft of the book.
In 1999, another book—True at First Light—appeared under the name of Ernest Hemingway (although it was edited heavily by his son Patrick). It is, in Hemingway's words, a fictional memoir”, the fanciful record of an African safari during the winter of 1953-54. The trouble is it isn't clear that Hemingway ever intended to publish it. He abandoned the manuscript after the first draft, and was well-known for saying and on one occasion writing, “The first draft of anything is shit.” It seems fairly likely, then, that he did not want it made public. To make matters worse, it was released during the 100th-anniversary month of his birth, which suggests a financial motive. (But here we speculate again.)
Many Hemingway readers feel these posthumous publications, while interesting, are essentially worthless. What was of true value was in the brimming bag Mary Hemingway dragged into Scribner's office. Yet even these original manuscripts must be examined with caution. The temptation to speculate runs high. And without Hemingway, we can never know his ultimate intentions. In many ways, these final unfinished works are as ‘lost' as those that vanished in the Gare de Lyon four decades earlier.
The Obamacare train wreck was a failure for President Trump and a disaster for House Republicans. That is, it was worse for Republicans, because they had been at it for so long, but it was plenty bad for Trump. When Speaker Paul Ryan pulled the GOP repeal-and-replace bill Friday afternoon, he said, "We will need time to reflect on how we got to this moment." For that reflection, here, in no particular order, are 14 lessons from the Obamacare debacle:
1) Don't over-promise. Absent a national emergency, Congress cannot do big things fast. Don't promise a history-making legislative achievement in a matter of weeks. It won't happen.
2) Jobs, jobs, jobs. The economy remains the public's number-one concern. Yes, unemployment is far down from its peak in 2009, but many Americans are making less than they did years ago, and economic anxieties remain high. Trump won the presidency on a pledge to create more and better-paying jobs. Taking up Obamacare as the first legislative project of his presidency was not consistent with that pledge.
3) Find more votes. Unless there is exceptional unity on an issue, the GOP doesn't have enough votes to ignore Democrats and pass big legislation entirely on its own. Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid (barely) passed Obamacare with 253 Democrats in the House and 60 in the Senate. Paul Ryan has 237 Republicans and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has 52. The GOP has virtually no room for error.
4) Start with giveaways, then move to harder stuff. The GOP Obamacare proposal was a bill that would have cut the federal deficit in part by reducing the number of Americans with health coverage. That's not exactly a recipe for popularity. Had Trump and the House GOP tackled, say, an infrastructure bill first, the story from Capitol Hill would have been a president and Congress giving things to the American people — surely a more popular legislative start to an already controversial presidency.
5) 'The Art of the Deal' doesn't work with ideologically-driven politicians. The pundits mentioned Trump's most famous book thousands of times during the Obamacare negotiations. But in dealing with the doctrinaire conservatives in the House Freedom Caucus, Trump was facing differently-motivated partners than in the deal-making recounted in his 1987 book. If the president wants to succeed in Washington, he'll have to learn how to deal with people who aren't in it just for the money.
6) Nancy Pelosi was right. The former Speaker and current House Minority Leader said Trump made a "rookie's error" in bringing the Obamacare measure to a finale too quickly. Before that, Washington insiders snickered when the president said in late February that "Nobody knew healthcare could be so complicated." Of course, everybody knew it was complicated. After all, in 2009-2010 it took Democrats more than a year to pass Obamacare, and they had a huge majority in the House and a filibuster-proof majority in the Senate. Trump, the newcomer to Washington, thought it could be done quickly with less firepower on Capitol Hill.
7) Trump and the House Republicans have different priorities and agendas. The reason Trump won Michigan, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and Ohio is that voters there did not view him as a doctrinaire Republican. So the first legislative effort Trump made was entirely dependent on doctrinaire House Republicans, who for seven years haven't been able to agree among themselves on replacing Obamacare. In doing so, Trump aligned himself with the most unpopular parts of the Republican brand.
8) John Boehner was right about the House Freedom Caucus. In an appearance last month, the former Speaker laughed at the notion that Republicans could agree on an Obamacare replacement. The relatively small group of the most conservative Republicans who gave Boehner fits in the Obamacare-related partial government shutdown in 2013 has been at it again in this effort. This time, they beat Ryan.
9) Keep it simple. Ryan and the GOP leadership came up with a Rube Goldberg scenario for passing Obamacare repeal-and-replace. There was a three-step plan, concessions to Senate reconciliation, and the insistence that Obamacare had to come in sequence before tax reform, the budget, infrastructure or anything else. It all got way too complicated to benefit from Trump's talents as a simplifier and a salesman.
10) Ryan is on probation. For years, House Republicans were able to pass bills like repealing Obamacare with the assurance that they didn't really mean anything; a Democratic president would veto them. Now, with a Republican president, GOP lawmakers are, in the words of Sen. Bob Corker, "shooting with real bullets." On Friday, Ryan failed his first real-bullets test as leader of a Congressional majority. "We were a 10-year opposition party where being against things was the easy thing to do," the Speaker said.
11) On big-ticket items, the president leads Congress, not the other way around.
12) The arcs of Obamacare failure and GOP outrage are out of sync. Republican outrage over Obamacare soared after Democrats rammed it down their throats in 2009-2010. Now, while there is still intense opposition to the healthcare law inside the GOP, it has not stayed at that 2009-2010 level. In retrospect, Republicans were maddest at Obamacare before it actually went into effect; it did not take hold until years after its passage and is only now showing real signs of potential collapse. So Republican zeal to get rid of Obamacare had diminished by the time Obamacare became a major problem and a danger for catastrophic failure — and by the time Republicans had control of both Capitol Hill and the White House to make repeal an actual possibility.
13) CBO estimates matter. The GOP bill suffered a terrible blow when the Congressional Budget Office estimated the plan would cause 24 million fewer people to have coverage by a decade from now. Ryan tried to make a virtue of that — many people would be exercising the freedom not to buy an insurance policy, he explained — but the net effect of the CBO assessment was devastating.
14) It's still early. The Obamacare screwup is a major failure. But it's an early failure. It won't kill the Trump presidency — provided Trump racks up some big accomplishments in his first year. Trump has plenty of time to recover. But if he doesn't do well, then the Obamacare mess will be seen as a harbinger of failures to come.
President Trump hailed strong jobs numbers on Friday as a product of his policies.
The economy added 209,000 jobs in July and the unemployment rate fell to 4.3 percent, continuing a nearly seven-year streak of jobs growth, the Commerce Department reported.
“Excellent Jobs Numbers just released — and I have only just begun,” Trump tweeted.
Excellent Jobs Numbers just released - and I have only just begun. Many job stifling regulations continue to fall. Movement back to the USA! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 4, 2017
ADVERTISEMENT
Trump had mocked the jobs report in the years before running for the Oval Office, accusing former President Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaWith low birth rate, America needs future migrants 4 ways Hillary looms over the 2020 race Obama goes viral after sporting black bomber jacket with '44' on sleeve at basketball game MORE of manufacturing fake numbers to build support for his economic agenda.
Trump once called the jobs report "totally fiction."
In March, then-White House press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters: “I talked to the president prior to this, and he said to quote him very clearly: 'They may have been phony in the past, but it's very real now.' ”
Trump's jobs comments came hours after he touted other U.S. economic developments on his popular Twitter account, including recently announced factories and a 16-year high in the consumer confidence index.
Trump has accused the media of ignoring his economic successes to focus on what he calls "fake news," particularly stories about Russia's interference in last year's presidential election.
read
The idea is exposed some code to have a reference on how to query and push things to Firebase Realtime Database to create a 1-1 chat with:
List of channels with me and someone involved. Channel with all messages between me and other user
Channel: 1-1 chat
Dependencies
Note: Firebase DB UI is really cool and simple to list Firebase database objects and queries, check it out
Firebase Database usage
Structure
Firebase Realtime Database use JSON to define the database structure (yeah, at the end it will be a BIG JSON). So our database will look like:
Check Structure Data Guide
Database usage
We can query messages, channels and push messages into a channel with the next code:
Note: we used some extensions to make Firebase calls and zip all the results in a easy way (will be better to use Firebase transactions instead ?)
Notes
For mesasges I used push from Firebase Realtime Database to avoid id conflicts If you want to make queries you should use any of orderBy functions. Because the database is a JSON, FirebaseDatabase.getInstance().reference.child("messages") , will get a DatabaseReference for all the messages but as the direct child of messages is an id (remember note 1.), you should use .orderByChild("channelId") and .equalTo("channelIdValue") to get all the children inside messages that have channelId == "channelIdValue" (query by children of children attributes) Databases are created with just users authenticated with firebase auth read/write permissions, but you can make it public for read/write too, it's ultra insecure, please dont. To show the items you can use FirebaseRecyclerAdapter from Firebase Database UI package, check Full post gist for a sample.
Thanks
Barista Ventures and Oscar Rendon for the support and help.
Guides
Open Government in Buenos Aires
Recently myself and 2011 Code for America fellow, Max Ogden (@maxogden) were in Buenos Aires for JSConf Argentina. While in town we visited friends of Code for America, Buenos Aires' Open Government and Web departments (@GCBAData, @GCBA).
We met with about 15 or so young people excited about government, data, and the web — all of whom were government employees. I'd not been a room of government workers with such a young average age. I don't have an age bias, but it's quite uncommon here in the states.
Buenos Aires not only has a web team of excited, able, modern developers but they have Open Government and Open Government Culture departments as well. The Open Government department works to build apps with the city's data so that the city's choices are better informed and citizens can get to information easier. The department is encouraged to explore and try new ideas; absent is the idea that the government can't try something and later decide to scrap it if it turns out to be less useful than anticipated. While this team is busy hacking data, the Open Government Culture department is working with other city departments to transition them into an open government state of mind. They're also hosting hackathon's on behalf of the city to engage the community in producing software that betters life in Buenos Aires.
Now halfway through my fellowship at Code for America, I'm quite aware of the many hurdles ahead for organizations like ours, and the open government movement in the states. I was thrilled and amazed to learn that these groups exist.
At Code for America, we hope that after a year with us the cities we work with will see the need for open government, open data, and make real changes in that direction. When we leave, we'd love to see these cities create departments like the those in Buenos Aires.
The meeting was great, both sides shared projects, and geeked out about potential applications and mapping projects. If you haven't seen the city of Buenos Aires' website, you should check it out, it's built with open source software, Drupal, and may be one of the best looking government sites out there: http://www.buenosaires.gob.ar/.
The bedtime book for frazzled parents is followed by a venture into the jungle of family dinnertime
The book that dare not speak its name gets a followup this week, with the publication of a sequel to the sleeper hit of 2011, Go the F*ck To Sleep.
The tongue-in-cheek bedtime book for parents was picked up by UK publisher Canongate after soaring to the top of Amazon's bestseller chart a month before it was due to be published by the small US press Akashic Books.
Written by novelist Adam Mansbach after his own daughter Vivien failed to nod off one night, it won over exhausted parents across the world with its combination of cutesy rhymes and expletive-ridden pleas, luring performers as varied as Samuel L Jackson and Noel Fielding and Thandie Newton to record clips of themselves reading the book.
The new book, You Have To F**king Eat - published simultaneously by Canongate in the UK, Akashic Books in the US and Text in Australia - deals with the other daily combat zone of family life. Watch Stephen Fry narrating a familiar story which makes animals of all who have ever ventured into the jungle of junior din-dins.
To order You Have to F**cking Eat for £9.34 (RRP £10.99) go to bookshop.theguardian.com or call 0330 333 6846.
If you're like me and millions of other Americans, the beginning of the National Football League season is one of the more fun times of the year. Week 1 means that all of our teams are still in contention (at least for one more day). In contention all season, though, are the working people who bring you Game Day. Nearly every aspect of the NFL experience, in the stadium or at home, is brought to you by union members.
For starters, the players themselves are members of the NFL Players Association (NFLPA). The referees are members of the NFL Referees Association. The footballs themselves are made by members of the United Food and Commercial Workers (UFCW).
As the video above shows, Electrical Workers (IBEW) members build and maintain stadiums. Stadiums are big complex structures that require the expertise of many different professionals. Unions that participate in the construction and maintenance of NFL stadiums include: Boilermaker (IBB), Bricklayers (BAC), Carpenters (UBC), Elevator Constructors (IUEC), Ironworkers, Laborers (LIUNA), Operating Engineers (IUOE), Painters and Allied Trades (IUPAT), Plumbers and Pipe Fitters (UA), International Association of Sheet Metal, Air, Rail and Transportation Workers (SMART) and United Steelworkers (USW).
Stadiums are packed with people, from players, coaches and referees to fans, cheerleaders and workers. Getting them to and from the stadium safely and on time is the work of Air Line Pilots Association (ALPA), Air Traffic Controllers (NATCA), Association of Flight Attendants-CWA (AFA-CWA), Machinists (IAM), Amalgamated Transit Workers (ATU), Transport Workers (TWU) and Teamsters.
Inside the stadium, it's important to keep fans and workers safe and to keep the facilities clean. Those jobs are done by firefighters (IAFF), first responders (AFSCME), police officers (IUPA) and custodial workers and security (SEIU).
During the game, announcing, commentary, advertising, broadcasting and music (and related services) are provided by unions, including: American Federation of Musicians of the United States and Canada (AFM), Theatrical Stage Employees (IATSE), IBEW, NABET-CWA, The News Guild-CWA and SAG-AFTRA.
If you are watching the game in the stadium, concessions are run by UNITE HERE. If you are watching the game at home, you can complete your union football experience by making sure that your gametime snacks and drinks are union-made with this handy guide from Labor 411.
So many people go into making an NFL game happen that it's possible even our research on everything might miss something, so if there are any unions missing from this post, e-mail me at [email protected] and we'll fix that as quick as possible.
When you see a long exposure image like the one above, what first comes to mind is probably how beautiful it is. Unlike a traditional image, a long exposure is much more dynamic; rather than capturing a split second in time, it gives us a view of what a landscape looks like over seconds, minutes, or even hours.
After pondering the image's beauty, you might have thoughts about how complicated it must be to create images like that. After all, what you see in the landscape as you're creating the image isn't what you end up with in the final photograph. That must be hard to do, right?
Not so! To think that long exposure photos are overly difficult or time-consuming is a misnomer. All it really takes is good planning, practice, patience, and the right gear - things that any good photograph requires.
Let's review the essential steps you need to take to create compelling long exposure images of landscapes.
Step 1: It's All About Location
The first step in creating a gorgeous long exposure image is choosing a landscape that is conducive to this kind of photography. Long exposures are ideal for conveying movement, so whatever landscape you choose, ensure that there is something in the scene that will indicate the passage of time - a river, a waterfall, waves crashing on the beach, or passing clouds come immediately to mind as ideal subjects.
Once you've identified a location, think about ways that you can incorporate static objects into the shot to give the moving element a greater feeling of motion. Boulders in a stream, for example, create a nice juxtaposition with the movement of the water as it rushes by. A building set in front of a sky full of blurred clouds works nicely as well.
Learn More:
Step 2: Consider Your Timing
Because you'll be working with long shutter speeds, lighting is a crucial consideration for long exposures. Shooting at dawn or dusk, before the sun rises and after it sets, allows you to extend your shutter speeds to highlight the movement discussed above, but do so without overexposing the image.
Alternatively, you can use a neutral density filter to make daytime long exposures a possibility. A neutral density filter blocks out light such that you can utilize a longer shutter speed. Neutral density filters come in a variety of strengths, from those that extend the shutter speed to a few seconds to those that make hours-long shutter speeds a possibility. As a general rule of thumb, a 10-stop neutral density filter is a good starting point for daytime long exposures.
When thinking about timing, you also need to consider the best time of day or year to capture the photo you have in mind. For example, a beach shot of the waves coming in would be best at high tide, so you'd need to know the tide schedule to capitalize on that. Springtime is when most thunderstorms occur in many areas, so to get a long exposure of a passing storm, you'd need to plan to be most active during that time of year.
Step 3: Get Geared Up
Aside from a neutral density filter, you'll need a few more pieces of gear that are essential to a successful long exposure image:
A camera body with the capability of long shutter speeds, including bulb mode. A DSLR or mirrorless body is a good choice.
A wide-angle lens, which allows you to capture more of the scene, and thus more movement as well. This isn't to say that you can't create long exposures with longer lenses, but wide-angles are simply preferred.
A sturdy tripod that will remain absolutely still throughout the exposure. A tripod with a center column hook is a great idea because it allows you to hang a bag to add weight, thereby making the tripod more stable.
A remote shutter release is essential because it allows you to trip the shutter without actually touching the camera. This reduces the chance of vibrations, which can ruin a long exposure photo.
Quick tip: Remove your camera strap from the camera body before mounting it to the tripod. The camera strap can catch any breeze that's present and cause the camera to shake during the exposure.
Learn More:
Step 4: Dial in the Settings
This is the most complicated aspect of creating a long exposure because every situation will be different. That being said, because the shutter speed is prolonged, no matter what the situation, you'll need to adjust the aperture and ISO setting to ensure you get a well-exposed image.
Minimize ISO
Generally speaking, this means using the lowest possible ISO setting (which is usually 100 or 200). Remember that ISO determines the sensitivity of the camera sensor to light, so using the lowest value means that the sensor is minimally sensitive. Additionally, by using the lowest ISO you can will minimize digital noise in the shot, which looks like grain in a photo taken with film. The less noise there is, the higher the image quality will be.
Use the Smallest Aperture Without Sacrificing Sharpness
You'll need to step down the aperture as well. However, don't use the lens' smallest aperture. As you approach a lens' smallest aperture opening, diffraction, which causes blurriness around the edges of the frame, starts to occur. Instead, opt to shoot as near the lens' sweet spot (it's the sharpest aperture value) as you can. This is usually in the f/8 to f/11 range, which is plenty to give you a nice depth of field while maintaining sharpness throughout the photo.
Manage Movement With Shutter Speed
The movement indicated in the long exposures you create depends on the shutter speed. For greater indicated movement, use a longer shutter speed. For less movement, like in the image above, dial in a shorter shutter speed.
Of course, the shutter speed you use will depend on the subject as well. Very fast-moving subjects, like passing cars on a highway, might be blurred with just a one-second exposure. Conversely, a slow-moving stream might require several seconds just to get a little bit of movement.
The point here is that the shutter speed you use will require a good bit of experimentation. Each subject will be different, and your creative vision will change as well. Just be prepared to try a wide range of shutter speeds before you begin to get an idea of what will work best for the shot.
Shoot in RAW
Where a JPEG is a lossy format - that is, some of the data recorded from the sensor is thrown out to create a smaller file size - a RAW file maintains all the information collected by the camera's sensor. By shooting in RAW, you're doing yourself all kinds of favors when it comes to post-processing because you'll have much more data to work with. What's more, you can make non-destructive edits to RAW files, so no matter what you do in terms of processing, the original RAW file will be unchanged.
Better still, RAW files open up many more possibilities for processing. You can adjust white balance, levels, curves, saturation, brightness, and correct for lens distortion, among other things, right from the RAW editor.
Step 5: Mind the Composition
Once you arrive at your selected location, take a few moments before setting up your gear to think about the composition of the shot. This involves a number of considerations:
Where is the movement occurring? If you're photographing water, take a lower shooting position such that you can incorporate as much water into the shot as possible. If you're photographing the clouds, adjust your shooting angle such that you can capitalize on the sky.
What elements of interest can you include? As mentioned above, adding static elements to the shot will help enhance the feeling of movement. Look for natural or manmade objects that you can incorporate into the scene to add interest, like the dock and the boat in the image above.
Consider the foreground. Foreground interest will help draw the viewer's eye into the shot. Leading lines, like the dock in the image above, are especially powerful foreground elements.
Quick tip: When composing the shot, think about how you'd compose it if it were a traditional, static image. Meaning, watch your framing to ensure there aren't any elements like tree limbs or street signs protruding into the shot. Look at the background to ensure it isn't distracting. Examine how any shadows fall across the scene and if they enhance or detract from the shot as well.
But, also consider how movement will occur as the shutter is open. In that regard, you have to anticipate where the object will be when the exposure ends. For example, if clouds are your chosen subject, don't just frame the shot based upon where the clouds are at the outset - think about how far the clouds might move over the course of the exposure and frame up the shot accordingly.
Learn More:
Step 6: Process the Image
Though you should strive to get everything right in-camera, a little post-processing can go a long way to enhance the look and feel of your long exposure landscape images. Consider enhancing colors by boosting saturation or vibrancy. Adjust the levels and curves to create an image with a more robust dynamic range. If you find areas of the shot are too bright or too dark, try your hand at dodging and burning to create a more well-exposed image throughout. A little sharpening might be in order as well.
Ultimately, however, what you do in post-processing will be a personal preference that is as much your own creative spin on photography as it is to compose the shot in the field. Make the adjustments that you feel are necessary and create the image that you want to create. By following the steps outlined here, you'll be well on your way to making long exposure landscape photos that match your creative vision, whatever it might be.
Life without parole, second only to the death penalty in severity, should never be a mandatory sentence for any crime, much less for simple possession of marijuana, which is not even a crime in many parts of the country. If this punishment is ever meted out, it should be by a judge who has carefully weighed the individual circumstances of a case.
Besides Alabama, only South Dakota, Louisiana and Mississippi have such laws; in Mississippi, possession of barely one ounce of marijuana is enough to trigger a mandatory sentence of life without parole for someone with prior convictions for certain felonies. Almost everywhere else, public attitudes and policy toward drugs in general, and marijuana in particular, have changed significantly. Twenty-three states and the District of Columbia have legalized medical marijuana, and four states, along with D.C., have fully legalized its possession for recreational use. In most states, the maximum sentence for possessing less than three pounds of marijuana is at most five years.
In other words, Mr. Brooker's punishment for marijuana possession is the definition of cruel and unusual. He received a punishment typically reserved for the most violent crimes, like murder, rape and terrorism, even though he poses no threat to society. The trial court even allowed him to remain free while he awaited his sentencing.
In 1991, the Supreme Court upheld a state law that mandated life without parole for possession of less than one and a half pounds of cocaine. Justice Anthony Kennedy, who concurred in that opinion, has since spoken out on the scourge of mandatory minimum sentences, which he said are often “unwise and unjust,” and represent a “misguided” transfer of power from judges to prosecutors.
The court has already banned mandatory death sentences and mandatory life-without-parole sentences for juveniles, both on the grounds that the Eighth Amendment must adapt to the “evolving standards of decency that mark the progress of a maturing society.” By that standard, and given rapidly evolving public opinion on marijuana, no one should be sent to prison forever for possessing a small amount of marijuana for medical or personal use.
U.S. President Barack Obama signed legislation on Wednesday providing a framework for space companies to mine ore from asteroids and other bodies, but legal critics are worried the measure could lead to violations of international law.
The Space Resource Exploration and Utilization Act gives any American who successfully extracts natural resources from outer space the property rights over the haul.
That could mean anything from water found in asteroids as blocks of ice to iron or platinum from near-Earth objects. And the profits could be huge.
But it has long been agreed between countries that outer space is not to become another Wild West, some legal scholars argue, and the new law risks privatizing a realm that is meant to belong to all of humanity.
"My view is that natural resources [in space] should not be allowed to be appropriated by anyone — states, private companies, or international organizations," said Ram Jakhu, a professor at McGill University's institute of air and space law.
He said the 1967 Outer Space Treaty, signed by the U.S. and other countries, including Canada, makes it clear that the surfaces and contents of asteroids and other celestial bodies are protected from commercial harvesting.
Lamar Smith, chair of the U.S. House committee on science, space and technology, says a new law paving the way for mining asteroids represents the 'future of space.' (Chip Somodevilla/Getty)
The treaty's Article 2 reads, "Outer space, including the moon and other celestial bodies, is not subject to national appropriation by claim of sovereignty, by means of use or occupation, or by any other means."
That view isn't unanimous among legal scholars, however. Some say small asteroids don't qualify as "celestial bodies," while others say it's not "appropriating" an asteroid to extract minerals from it. And the new law does contain a clause making it clear the U.S. isn't asserting sovereignty or exclusive rights over any celestial body.
Ricky Lee, an Australian lawyer who wrote his doctoral thesis on the legalities of space mining, said companies are already making routine, for-profit use of limited space resources by launching satellites into low orbits, and especially into high-up geostationary orbits, of which there are a maximum number of slots available.
"So the idea that commercial use of space resources is prohibited by the Outer Space Treaty... is quite simply absurd," he said in an email.
But Jakhu said the overarching purpose of the treaty leads to the conclusion that "there really shouldn't be any private property rights in outer space."
Ethical iridium?
Already two U.S. West Coast companies — Planetary Resources and Deep Space Industries — are developing technology to identify asteroids suitable for mining.
The payoffs could be immense, with the raw value of the ores from an average-sized mineral-rich space object estimated to be worth hundreds of billions of dollars.
U.S. politicians supporting the new law see it as opening up a new and potentially vast economic frontier.
"This bill is the future of space," Congressman Lamar Smith of Texas, a Republican, said during debate in the U.S. House of Representatives. "This bill will encourage the private sector to build rockets, to take risks and to shoot for the heavens [and] facilitates a pro-growth environment for the developing commercial space sector."
Supporters have gone so far as to say that mining certain key ores from asteroids will allow the U.S. to phase out reliance on the foreign and sometimes unfriendly countries it imports the same resources from now.
The bill's opponents in Congress are worried it's too much too soon.
Speaking in the U.S. House against the legislation, Representative Donna Edwards, a Maryland Democrat, said that while she shares in "the enthusiasm and the wonder of space," there is insufficient oversight right now to make sure companies don't run afoul of the U.S.'s international obligations. A space-law expert she cited from the University of Mississippi agreed that giving rights over asteroid resources would go against the global space treaty.
Ultimately, though, whether companies would put the U.S. in violation of international law by mining asteroids could be immaterial for practical purposes: There's no enforcement mechanism in the Outer Space Treaty, and even if there were, few countries would likely care enough about some cobalt taken from a comet to impose economic or other sanctions.
"In that situation, I don't think anybody can do anything about it," Jakhu said. "That is the world we live in — might is right."
Sometimes, you gotta be bold
Just rock the world (Booya) Lalala lalala lalalala (Happiness)
Lalala lalala lalalala
(Are you happy? Uh) gomineun Blow up
kkulkkulhan gibun Change up
himeul naeryeogo ije Wind up
han bange meotjin iri gadeuk Straight up nan maeil deo Style up
gibun Up dweneun ire jipjung
naega haengbokage saneun
bigyeoreul jom malhaebolkka achime nan jameul kkae eommakke
saranghandago malhae
(eohyu chakan nae ttara)
joljol nareul ttaraon Happy-ga
neom gwiyeoweoseo haengbokae
(Uh yaega malhandae) ireon Money jeoreon Power
geugeonman tta tta tta ttaragada
eoreundeuri jjanhae boyeo
geudeureun jeongmal haengbokaji ana
gippeun iri meotjin iri
segyeneun cham cham cham maneun dera
geureon Money geureon Power
urineun gwanshimdo kkeuneobeorinji orae dalla dalla naneun jom
haebogo shipeum geunyang hago malji
gomin gomin hadaga
eoreuni dwemyeon huhwe maneultende
eoje oneul naeildo
haengbogeul channeun naye moheomilgi
dalla dalla naneun jom
geungjeonge himeul naneun mitgo itji Lalala lalala lalalala (Happiness)
Lalala lalala lalalala (nan weonhae)
Lalala lalala lalalala (kkum kkuja)
Lalala lalala lalalala
(Uh, are you happy? Uh) hakkyo ganeun gire mannan
chingu naege dallyeowaseo
paljjang kkigo useojuni joko
kkirikkiri moyeo jangnanchideon
namjaaedeul naega
jinagani euishikaeseo joko jansori hajiman
sesangeseo naega jeil jotan eomma
Hey hey TV-soge
ssaumbakke moreuneun eoreundeul ppae jeomjeom deo joeun geol
nan naraseo haengbokae
deo gibun joeun geon
nae gyeote neo ittan geo
(Uh, what you wanna be?) ireon Money jeoreon Power
geugeonman tta tta tta ttaragada
eoreundeuri jjanhae boyeo
geudeureun jeongmal haengbokaji ana
gippeun iri meotjin iri
segyeneun cham cham cham maneun dera
geureon Money geureon Power
urineun gwanshimdo kkeuneobeorinji orae dalla dalla naneun jom (orae, orae, orae, orae)
haebogo shipeum geunyang hago malji
gomin gomin hadaga (orae, orae, orae, orae)
eoreuni dwemyeon huhwe maneultende
eoje oneul naeildo (jeomjeom deo joeungeol)
haengbogeul channeun naye moheomilgi
dalla dalla naneun jom (nan naraseo haengbokae)
geungjeonge himeul naneun mitgo itji Lalala lalala lalalala (Happiness)
Lalala lalala lalalala (nan weonhae)
Lalala lalala lalalala (kkum kkuja)
Lalala lalala lalalala
(Uh, are you happy? Uh) Shine on me, let it shine on me yeah
nae pume Let it shine
Shine on me, let it shine on me yeah
nae du pare Let it shine Lalala lalala lalalala (Happiness)
Lalala lalala lalalala (nan weonhae)
Lalala lalala lalalala (kkum kkuja)
Lalala lalala lalalala (Happiness)
Sometimes, you gotta be bold
Just rock the world (Booya) Lalala lalala lalalala (Happiness)
Lalala lalala lalalala
(Are you happy? Uh) 고민은 Blow up
꿀꿀한 기분 Change up
힘을 내려고 이제 Wind up
한 방에 멋진 일이 가득 Straight up 난 매일 더 Style up
기분 Up 되는 일에 집중
내가 행복하게 사는
비결을 좀 말해볼까 아침에 난 잠을 깨 엄마께
사랑한다고 말해
(어휴 착한 내 딸아)
졸졸 나를 따라온 Happy가
넘 귀여워서 행복해
(Uh 얘가 말한대) 이런 Money 저런 Power
그것만 따 따 따 따라가다
어른들이 짠해 보여
그들은 정말 행복하지 않아
기쁜 일이 멋진 일이
세계는 참 참 참 많은 데라
그런 Money 그런 Power
우리는 관심도 끊어버린지 오래 달라 달라 나는 좀
해보고 싶음 그냥 하고 말지
고민 고민 하다가
어른이 되면 후회 많을텐데
어제 오늘 내일도
행복을 찾는 나의 모험일기
달라 달라 나는 좀
긍정의 힘을 나는 믿고 있지 Lalala lalala lalalala (Happiness)
Lalala lalala lalalala (난 원해)
Lalala lalala lalalala (꿈 꾸자)
Lalala lalala lalalala
(Uh, are you happy? Uh) 학교 가는 길에 만난
친구 내게 달려와서
팔짱 끼고 웃어주니 좋고
끼리끼리 모여 장난치던
남자애들 내가
지나가니 의식해서 좋고 잔소리 하지만
세상에서 내가 제일 좋단 엄마
Hey hey TV속에
싸움밖에 모르는 어른들 빼 점점 더 좋은 걸
난 나라서 행복해
더 기분 좋은 건
내 곁에 너 있단 거
(Uh, what you wanna be?) 이런 Money 저런 Power
그것만 따 따 따 따라가다
어른들이 짠해 보여
그들은 정말 행복하지 않아
기쁜 일이 멋진 일이
세계는 참 참 참 많은 데라
그런 Money 그런 Power
우리는 관심도 끊어버린지 오래 달라 달라 나는 좀 (오래, 오래, 오래, 오래)
해보고 싶음 그냥 하고 말지
고민 고민 하다가 (오래, 오래, 오래, 오래)
어른이 되면 후회 많을텐데
어제 오늘 내일도 (점점 더 좋은걸)
행복을 찾는 나의 모험일기
달라 달라 나는 좀 (난 나라서 행복해)
긍정의 힘을 나는 믿고 있지 Lalala lalala lalalala (Happiness)
Lalala lalala lalalala (난 원해)
Lalala lalala lalalala (꿈 꾸자)
Lalala lalala lalalala
(Uh, are you happy? Uh) Shine on me, let it shine on me yeah
내 품에 Let it shine
Shine on me, let it shine on me yeah
내 두 팔에 Let it shine Lalala lalala lalalala (Happiness)
Lalala lalala lalalala (난 원해)
Lalala lalala lalalala (꿈 꾸자)
Lalala lalala lalalala (Happiness)
Russia's new Vostochny Cosmodrome launched its first rocket on Wednesday, April 27th, carrying three new satellites into orbit. After an initial 24-hour launch delay due to a computer-initiated abort, a Soyuz-2.1a lifted off from its pad at 10:01 am EDT. Every successful space launch is important in its own way, but this one even more so because of the importance of this new cosmodrome to Russia.
The breakup of the Soviet Union in 1991 threw that country into chaos. The formal dissolution of the USSR on December 26th, 1991, created a lot of financial and political turmoil. The Soviet space program was a victim of that chaos, and with the USSR's main cosmodrome now located on foreign territory, at Baikonur, Kazakhstan, things were uncertain.
Roscosmos, the Russian space agency, has been renting the Baikonur cosmodrome for $115 million annually. But this dependence on a foreign launch site has been a thorn in the side of Russia for decades. Russia is a fiercely independent and proud nation, so it surprised no one when construction of a new spaceport was announced. In 2010, Vladimir Putin emphasized the importance of the new facility, saying “The creation of a new space center … is one of modern Russia's biggest and most ambitious projects.”
The new facility, called the Vostochny Cosmodrome, will eventually be home to multiple launch pads, though only one is functional for now. It's located at 51 degrees north, whereas the Baikonur site is located at 46 degrees North. Though further north, it will still be able to launch almost the same payloads as Baikonur.
Russia has other spaceports on its own territory. The Svobodny Cosmodrome is also located in Russia's far east, and at the same 51 degrees north as Vostochny. But Svobodny was originally an ICBM launch site, and couldn't handle the launching of crewed missions. All crewed missions had to be launched from Baikonur. Russia has another cosmodrome, the Plesetsk Cosmodrome, where satellites can be launched into geostationary orbit.
The site for the new Vostochny Cosmodrome (Vostochny means ‘eastern' in Russian) was chosen for a few reasons. The site is serviced by both highway and rail, and is remote enough that launch paths won't interfere with any built-up areas. It's also located several hundred kilometres from the Pacific Ocean, to avoid complications that proximity to an ocean can cause, yet close enough that spent stages can be jettisoned and will fall harmlessly into the ocean.
Vostochny is about the same size as the Kennedy Space Centre in Cape Canaveral. Vostochny covers 551.5 square kilometers, while the Kennedy facility covers 583 square kilometers. The new cosmodrome will eventually house over 400 separate facilities, including engineering and transport infrastructure.
The Vostochny Cosmodrome project has suffered some setbacks. Parts of the assembly complex for the Soyuz 2 rocket were built too small, which delayed the planned initial launch set for December 2015. There've been accusations of corruption, and even a worker's strike in the Spring of 2015 over unpaid wages.
These and other problems led Valdimir Putin to release a statement saying he was taking personal control of the project. Since then, Putin has kept a close eye on the Vostochny project. In response to the recent 24 hour launch delay of the cosmodrome's inaugural launch, Putin criticized Roscosmos for the delay, and for all of the glitches and failures in the Russian space program recently.
But, ever the politician, Putin also tempered his remarks, saying “Despite all its failings, Russia remains the world leader in the number of space launches.” “But the fact that we're encountering a large number of failures is bad. There must be a timely and professional reaction,” he added.
As for Vostochny itself, it will allow Russia to conduct much more of its space launches on its own soil. By 2020, Vostochny will conduct 45% of Russia's space launches. Baikonur will still be used, but much more sparingly. It currently is responsible for 65% of Russian launches, but that will drop to 11%. The Plesetsk Cosmodrome will account for the other 44%.
As for the inaugural launch, it went flawlessly after its initial 24 hour technical delay. The three satellites it carried into orbit will fulfill several different functions. Together, they will study the Earth's upper atmosphere, observe gamma-ray bursts, and test new electronics modules for use in space. They will also carry high-resolution cameras for remote sensing and scientific work, test communication systems with ground stations, and will develop control algorithms for use with nano-satellites.
NEW DELHI: The Ford Foundation, no stranger to controversy for supporting liberal causes around the world, may find itself at the receiving end of some tough questions in India. The government is looking askance at some of its activities, which include giving money to organisations that are perceived to be working against the public interest, according to officials.About $5 million in grants by the Ford Foundation, arguably the biggest such international funding agency, have been blocked by the Indian government in the past few months, top officials told ET on condition of anonymity. The ostensible reason is that the recipient non-governmental organisations (NGOs) haven't filed annual reports and balance sheets with the home ministry. This also includes about $100,000 in grants to the Tata Institute of Social Sciences (TISS).“Action against Ford Foundation is under consideration and likely to be taken soon,” said one official. “It is expected that full procedure and due process, similar to the action against Greenpeace, is under consideration.”The Narendra Modi government has suspended the Foreign Contribution (Regulation) Act, or FCRA, licence that allows Greenpeace India to get funds from overseas.The suspension of Greenpeace's FCRA licence came after the government prevented a member of the organisation from travelling to the UK to speak to lawmakers there about the rights of indigenous communities. NGOs have been on their guard after a leaked 2014 Intelligence Bureau report said such organisations were creating hurdles to development.Greenpeace International has accused the government of harassment. The government is examining how the Ford Foundation grants are being utilised, said the person cited above.The Ford Foundation doesn't see anything unusual in the time being taken for grant authorisation. “Regarding government approvals of Ford Foundation grants in India, this process has been in place for decades, and in our experience it is not unusual for these thoughtful approvals to take some time,” a spokesperson said in an email. “All our work with organisations in India is transparent and readily available on our website. The online grants database goes back to 2006, and prior to that our work is listed in our annual reports.”The home ministry didn't respond to questions. To be sure, the foundation has been on the radar of Indian intelligence agencies for decades, on account of which the finance ministry was mandated to clear each grant that it made to NGOs. This scrutiny intensified after it became known that the Anna Hazare-led anti-corruption movement of 2011 got a boost from the foundation with Arvind Kejriwal's NGO Kabir getting about $400,000. Kabir didn't respond to queries.Home ministry officials cited the Gujarat government's complaint that the foundation is interfering with the judicial system of the country and working against communal harmony. This is part of Gujarat's complaint against Teesta Setalvad and Javed Anand, activists who have been seeking justice for the victims of the 2002 Gujarat riots. The organisations that the couple run — Sabrang Trust and Sabrang Communication and Publishing Pvt Ltd — have received payments from the Ford Foundation. The trust received $250,000 between 2009 and 2013 by way of grants while Sabrang Communication has been paid consultancy fees, Anand said.AGujarat Crime Investigation Department (CID) report said the funds were used for what it called “highly questionable activities… all bordering on if not outright political”.The funds were used to keep “the 2002 riots issue alive in public memory” and to fund litigation. Gujarat has asked for investigations into possible FCRA violations by the foundation. It also wanted the home ministry to examine the funding of Sabrang Trust and another linked NGO, Citizens for Justice and Peace (CJP).The Gujarat government also said the NGOs functioned as proxy offices for the Ford Foundation. Anand refuted the allegations. “Sabrang Trust did not engage in filing any case in any court or use Ford Foundation grant for the purpose,” he said in an email.“Legal aid to ensure justice to the victims of communal mass crimes (including Gujarat 2002) was and remains an activity of Citizens for Justice and Peace. CJP has never received any grant from Ford Foundation.”
Labor leader backs military role in Iraq, but says ‘humanitarian relief comes in many forms' including support for refugees
Australia should consider increasing its overall refugee intake as part of the debate over the humanitarian crisis in Iraq and Syria, Bill Shorten says.
The opposition leader said on Tuesday he was consulting his colleagues to determine the right size of the annual humanitarian intake.
The former Gillard government increased the number of places from 13,750 to 20,000, in line with the recommendations of an expert panel headed by the former defence force chief Angus Houston. The Abbott government subsequently reversed that.
The immigration minister, Scott Morrison, announced last month that the government would set aside 2,200 places each for Syrians and Iraqis, within the overall 13,750 humanitarian intake in 2014-15.
Shorten, who has strongly backed the government's decision to commit to a military role for Australia in Iraq, suggested other forms of humanitarian assistance in Iraq and Syria.
“Perhaps it's time to discuss do we take more refugees from these countries,” he told the ABC. “I think that when we look at the fact that we're having military, potentially military operations, humanitarian relief comes in many forms but not the least of which is support for refugees to come to Australia, especially if they can't live in their old towns and villages.”
Asked whether he would like to see an increase in the overall humanitarian intake to 20,000 places, Shorten said: “I won't give a final number until I've consulted my colleagues but that's in the right direction.”
This view is consistent with Shorten's position before the Labor leadership ballot in September last year.
At a media conference on Tuesday, Shorten said Australia should be aware there were millions of refugees throughout the Middle East.
“There are over a million people in Lebanon, there's a million refugees in Jordan. What we see here is a humanitarian crisis which has been going for some time,” he said.
“I'll be talking to my colleagues about whether or not Australia can take some more refugees. Our humanitarian assistance shouldn't just take the form of aeroplanes; it should take the form … of more foreign aid to help people who are dislocated by these evil acts, and also possibly refugees in Australia.”
Tony Abbott said the government had already taken “a very strong step in the direction that the opposition leader is keen on”.
“Because we have largely succeeded in stopping the boats, because we don't have illegal arrivals by boat filling our humanitarian intake, we are able to now provide places to people who are stuck in camps abroad and what we've already announced is that there will be an additional 4,400 places available to people who have been displaced by the [Isis] advance,” the prime minister said on Tuesday.
The Greens vowed to introduce a bill during the next parliamentary sitting to return the intake to 20,000 places, and called on Labor to support it.
The Greens senator Sarah Hanson-Young said the increasing humanitarian crisis in the Middle East required “a genuine, compassionate response”.
“Waging war while refusing to increase our refugee intake is grossly irresponsible,” she said.
Started since the last one for this topic filled up
We started with the revelation that Shareblue is literally being used by almost every single globalist group in the world to spew propaganda and subvert our country. This was followed by a number of other discoveries (listed below) now being covered up by the traitors over at cuckchan. This cannot be allowed to continue, we must continue to search for Shareblue's headquarters as well as discover the identities of the halfchan mods and let them know that their decisions will have real world consequences. They are participating in the cover up of treason and sedition.
China, the Rothschild's old base in City of London, Mexico, Israel, Saudi Arabia and other Middle Eastern Groups all have connections to David Brock's group. More info on this can be found posted just below the OP:
OneVoice, the subsidiary of the PeaceWorks Foundation, was used by Obama, Kerry and the Department of State to funnel money into an attempt to overthrow Benjamin Netanyahu as Prime Minister before being returned to Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign.
CBFC chief Prasoon Joshi today said the censor board is trying to come up with a "balanced decision" about Padmavati but it should be given adequate space and time to do that.
Sanjay Leela Bhansali's film is the first major hurdle that Joshi faces as the head of the Central Board of Film Certification.
Joshi said the board asks for 68 days for the certification process of a film so that they have enough time if a situation like Padmavati comes up.
"We need to understand that the CBFC must take a balanced decision. This situation was not created by the CBFC. It had nothing to do with the protests on the roads. You show the film to media houses and get reviews done but you want CBFC to deliver a fair and well-thought out decision?" Joshi said on the sidelines of IFFI's inaugural ceremony.
The censor board had returned the application to the film's makers citing "technical issues" after protests erupted over the magnum opus on the legendary queen of Chittor, with various Rajput groups and politicians accusing the director of "distorting historical facts" by including a dream sequence between queen Padmavati and Alauddin Khilji.
"We are not asking for a lot of time. We mostly certify films before 68 days but we ask that time so that when there is a situation like this, we have time. This is not new. It has been with the CBFC for years. If certain people don't want to see this, that is their decision.
"I respect Sanjay Leela Bhansali a lot. As a member of the film fraternity, I understand him. But this issue is not about Bhansali. It is about the controversy over the film," he said.
The adman-lyricist said it was not the time for arguments as discussion and dialogue were the way forward.
"For that to happen, we need to have patience. There is an anxiety, eagerness, aggression and impatience, which needs to end. Unless you end that, you are not doing justice to the CBFC because the situation has not been created by us.
"If you expect a solution, you need to give CBFC time, space and a state of mind so that they can take a decision. That's what I request from everyone who is involved in this."
Joshi said he condemned any kind of violence but respected people's feelings.
"I condemn any kind of violence but I respect feelings, creativity and the different groups of the society. In light of all these things, the CBFC has to take a well-thought out decision."
PTI
A new report finds that around the world the extremely wealthy have accumulated at least $21 trillion in secretive offshore accounts. That's a sum equal to the gross domestic products of the United States and Japan added together. The number may sound unbelievable, but the study was conducted by James Henry, former chief economist at the consultancy McKinsey, an expert on tax havens and offshoring. It was commissioned by Tax Justice Network, a British activist group.
According to an early report on the study in The Guardian, Henry's research
shows that at least £13tn [$21 trillion] – perhaps up to £20tn [$31 trillion] – has leaked out of scores of countries into secretive jurisdictions such as Switzerland and the Cayman Islands with the help of private banks, which vie to attract the assets of so-called high net-worth individuals. Their wealth is, as Henry puts it, "protected by a highly paid, industrious bevy of professional enablers in the private banking, legal, accounting and investment industries taking advantage of the increasingly borderless, frictionless global economy". According to Henry's research, the top 10 private banks, which include UBS and Credit Suisse in Switzerland, as well as the US investment bank Goldman Sachs, managed more than £4tn [$6.2 trillion] in 2010, a sharp rise from £1.5tn five years earlier.
The report's analysis, based on data from many sources including the Bank of International Settlements and the International Monetary Fund, indicates that enough money has left some developing countries since the 1970s to pay off all their debts to the rest of the world. "The problem here is that the assets of these countries are held by a small number of wealthy individuals while the debts are shouldered by the ordinary people of these countries through their governments," the report says.Money has especially flowed out of oil producing states. Some $700 billion has left Russia since the 1990s: $305 billion has flowed out of Saudi Arabia since the 1970s, and about the same amount from Nigeria.
Henry calculates that some 92,000 people, a thousandth of a percent of the world's population, control $9.8 trillion, and that if all the $21 trillion that has been offshored earned 3% a year and were taxed at 30%, it would raise $188 billion in revenues, more than rich countries spend on aid to the developing world every year.
Read The Guardian's article here, and find the full study here.
(Reuters) - Nike Inc (NKE.N) said on Thursday it would cut about 2 percent of its global workforce and eliminate a quarter of its shoe styles as it looks to become nimbler in the face of intensifying competition and fast-changing consumer trends.
Nike said it would reduce the number of its business segments to four from six as part of the initiative, being rolled out at a time the company is battling for market share in North America with a resurgent Adidas AG (ADSGn.DE) and a fast-growing Under Armour Inc (UAA.N).
Shares of the world's No.1 shoemaker were down 2.7 percent at $53.59 in early trading, making them the biggest percentage loser on the Dow Jones Industrial Average.
Under the plan, called “Consumer Direct Offense”, Nike will concentrate on 12 key cities in 10 countries, which are expected to represent over 80 percent of its projected growth through 2020. These cities include New York, Berlin, Paris and Barcelona.
The company also said it would focus on newer styles, such as ZoomX, Air VaporMax and Nike React, and on categories with high growth potential, including running, basketball and soccer.
While Nike still holds a 50 percent share of the U.S. market, Adidas' retro Superstar shoes toppled Nike last year to become the top-selling sneakers in the United States. Nike's shoes had held the position for more than a decade.
To double the speed of its innovations, the sporstwear company also laid out plans to cut the time it takes to create products by half.
Trevor Edwards, the president of the Nike brand, will lead the initiative, which also involves making several changes to its leadership structure, the company said.
Slideshow (2 Images)
Starting in fiscal 2018, Nike will report results based on four new operating segments: North America, Europe, Middle East and Africa, Greater China, and Asia Pacific and Latin America.
Previously the company reported results for six units that included Western Europe, Central & Eastern Europe, and Japan and emerging markets as separate units.
As part of the organizational changes, about 1,400 employees are expected to lose their jobs. Nike had 70,700 employees as of May 31, 2016.
(Reuters) - Seven Marines and four soldiers were presumed dead after an Army Black Hawk helicopter crashed on a nighttime training mission off Florida's Gulf coast, where U.S. military officials continued a search-and-rescue operation on Wednesday afternoon.
Some human remains had washed ashore, said a spokeswoman for Eglin Air Force Base in north Florida.
Officials did not immediately release information on what caused the crash involving the Marines and four members of the Louisiana National Guard. Heavy fog was reported around the time the helicopter was reported missing around 8:30 p.m. on Tuesday. Fog hampered the search effort on Wednesday.
A U.S. military official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the 11 service members aboard were presumed to have died in what could be among the deadliest domestic military training accidents in years.
One of two UH-60 Black Hawk helicopters participating in the routine exercise crashed near the base 50 miles (80 km) east of Pensacola, and rescue workers discovered debris about 2 a.m. on Wednesday, the base said in a statement.
The other helicopter “started to take off and then realized, I guess, that the weather was a condition and turned around,” Major General Glenn Curtis of the Louisiana National Guard told reporters.
The second helicopter landed safely, the military said. Names of the missing troops were being withheld.
The Marines were part of a special operations unit from Camp Lejeune in North Carolina conducting amphibious “helicopter and boat insertion and extraction training” focused on getting troops in and out of specific areas, according to a Marine Corps statement.
Rescue crews search waters near Navarre Bridge, east of Pensacola, Florida March 11, 2015. Seven Marines and four soldiers were unaccounted for early on Wednesday morning after their Army helicopter crashed during a night time training mission, according to military officials. REUTERS/Michael Spooneybarger
“Our complete attention is on locating our fellow Marines,” the statement said.
The four crew members and the helicopter were part of the Louisiana National Guard, assigned to an Army unit based in Hammond, Louisiana. All four were married men with children, Curtis said.
They were part of a highly experienced helicopter battalion, Curtis said, noting the two pilots were instructors and had “several thousand hours” of flying experience with their crew.
President Barack Obama phoned military officials to express condolences, White House spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters, noting the president anticipated a detailed investigation.
The helicopter that crashed had a flight data recorder that will be part of the investigation, a Louisiana guard official said.
Slideshow (6 Images)
The incident occurred near an Air Force base spanning nearly 500,000 acres (200,000 hectares) in the Florida Panhandle that is used extensively for training.
General Martin Dempsey, the top U.S. military officer, told a U.S. Senate hearing that the “loss of the folks on that helicopter” served as “a reminder to us that those who serve put themselves at risk both in training and in combat.”
In February 2012, seven Marines were killed when two helicopters collided during a nighttime training exercise along the California-Arizona border.
The following year, another seven Marines died in an explosion at a Nevada munitions depot after a mortar round detonated prematurely during a live-fire training exercise.
- The Edina Police Department is responding to a YouTube video that has been widely shared on social media of a man being stopped by a plain clothes officer for walking in the street.
According to the police report, the man was walking on Xerxes Avenue near West 60th Street at about 11:46 a.m. on Oct. 12. The reporting officer said multiple cars had to cross the double yellow line to drive around the pedestrian, who was wearing headphones and didn't respond to the officer's siren or commands. An alcohol breath test registered a .017 BAC. The man was cited for disturbing the peace and failure to obey a traffic signal, then dropped off by police at Southdale mall.
The uploader of the video said the sidewalk on Xerxes was under construction, and the man was walking as close to the curb as possible. She stopped her car and started recording the incident once she saw police cut the pedestrian off and "accuse him of walking in the middle of the street."
According to the Oct. 12 YouTube post: “I witnessed and videoed this earlier today. I passed by a man who was walking on the white line of the shoulder of the street. There was construction and it was obvious that the sidewalk was not available right there so he was hugging the right side as far as he could go. I went around him and noticed in my rearview mirror that an unmarked SUV turned on police lights. The officer pulled in front of the pedestrian to cut him off and proceeded to accuse him of walking in the middle of the street. I have posted a portion of the video that leads up to my giving an officer my address and phone number, which I'd rather be not posted on youtube.”
“He's scared. People die in these situations,” the voice behind the camera says, urging the officer to help the man instead of arresting him.
Watch the video on YouTube at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=djyysjn6vCg
Response from Edina Police Department
“A video of one of our police officers is circulating online. This incident started several minutes prior to the recording. During that time, our police officer observed a man walking southbound on Xerxes Avenue at West 60th Street in the southbound lane of traffic, though there is a sidewalk on the east side and a sidewalk under construction and a paved shoulder on the west side of the street. Recognizing the risk to the safety of the public, the officer pulled in behind the man with his lights and an audible signal in an attempt to advise him to get out of the roadway. The man, who was wearing headphones, turned and looked at the officer and continued walking in the lane of traffic. The officer then drove in front of the man by approximately 15 feet, to block him from continuing in the southbound lane of traffic. The man deliberately went around the squad car and continued to walk in the lane of traffic. The officer got out of his vehicle and started to follow the man, asking him to get out of the lane of traffic and stop. The man did not stop and was defiant. It was after that point that the recording began. The officer smelled alcohol on the man's breath during the incident. A breathalyzer later confirmed the presence of alcohol.
"As a bystander, it's your right to film officer interactions. However, it's important to note that attempting to interact with the officer and/or suspect creates a greater risk to the safety of the officer, suspect and bystanders. Public safety is our first priority. It makes it more difficult for officers to deal with the situation on hand when they are at the same time dealing with the distractions of bystanders. For more information about this incident, contact the Edina Police Department at 952-826-1610.”
Video shared by social influencers
Minneapolis rapper and activist Toki Wright shared the video on Facebook, with the hashtag #MinnesotaNice: “Here's what happened in Edina, Minnesota yesterday when a Black man decided to walk around construction that was blocking the sidewalk. This is also a perfect example of how people get murdered.”
Wright's post was shared by Minneapolis NAACP President Nekima Levy-Pounds, who called it a “prime example of the urgent need for police reform in our state and in this nation.”
Full narrative of police report
On 10/12/16 at approximately 11:46, I, Lieutenant T. Olson was on duty, in the City of Edina, dressed in plain clothes and driving an unmarked police vehicle. I was driving northbound on Xerxes at west 60th Street. I observed ahead of me, a man, later identified as the defendant, Larnie Thomas, walking southbound on Xerxes in the southbound lane of traffic. I observed there was a new sidewalk on the west side of Xerxes which, with the exception of cut-ins for private property connections to the trunk sidewalk, appeared to be completed. I also observed a paved shoulder, approximately 8-feet wide, on the west side of Xerxes and a sidewalk on the east side of the street. As I drove north in the direction of Thomas, I observed he continued to walk southbound, approximately 1/3 the way into the southbound traffic lane of Xerxes. I observed Thomas`s actions were obstructing southbound vehicular traffic as vehicles slowed to a walking pace while stacking up behind Thomas.
As I neared Thomas, I observed he was wearing headphones over his ears. I watched as several vehicles crossed over the double painted yellow line, into the northbound lane in attempt to drive around Thomas. I observed Thomas look in the direction of the vehicles as they passed him. I observed Thomas move slightly to the right of the traffic lane, then move back to his position in the roadway. Based on these observations, it appeared likely Thomas should have been aware he was in the roadway and causing an obstruction to vehicular traffic. I am aware that Xerxes Ave is a highly traveled feeder street. I believed Thomas was creating a risk to his safety and the others and it was prudent to advise him to get out of the road. I drove north, past Thomas a distance, activated my emergency lights and conducted a U-turn. As I neared Thomas, aware he was wearing headphones,
I tapped my squad siren. Thomas didn't respond. As I approached closer I again tapped my siren. This time Thomas turned, looked at me, turned back around and continued walking south in the lane of traffic. I again tapped my siren, to which Thomas did not turn, but continued his walk.
I drove around Thomas to a position approximately 15 feet in front of him. I turned and canted my squad to the right in a manner to block Thomas from continuing south in the traffic lane. Thomas walked up to and around the passenger`s side of my squad. Thomas looked at me as he passed, walked south around my squad, back onto the lane of traffic and continued south.
I exited my squad and identified myself as a police officer. I instructed Thomas to get out of the traffic lane. Thomas did not comply and began shouting at me. I again identified myself as a police officer, this time drawing attention to my police badge carried on my left side belt. I provided Thomas multiple instructions including phrases to the effect of; get out of the road, stop and return to me. Thomas disregarded my commands, while continuing to walk southbound, into the traffic lane and around a parked vehicle. I noted Thomas's response to the event to be unusual and extremely confrontational given the simple and basic request for compliance. I followed after Thomas and continued to instruct him to stop. Thomas did not comply with any of my directives.
I reached Thomas, who had now walked approximately 60` from my original stop location, and grasped his shoulder. As I made contact with Thomas, I could smell the odor of a consumed alcoholic beverage. Thomas began to struggle against my grasp, shout and use profane language. I instructed Thomas to return to my squad.
With my grasp on Thomas's shoulder, I escorted him back to my squad. Thomas continued to struggle and attempt to break free of my grasp. As I reached my squad, Thomas slammed a back-pack he was carrying onto the hood of the squad. I radioed dispatch for assistance.
While waiting for back-up to arrive, Thomas continued struggle against my grasp and began to use very loud and profane language (Fuck, Bull Shit and Shit). I observed several people begin to gather in observation of the event. I observed individuals who appeared to have emerged from their street front homes and an individual who appeared to be filming the event. Thomas`s behavior became more volatile as he spun away from me, removed his shirt and appeared to take an offense stance towards me. I did not attempt to physically engage Thomas further.
Officer Boerger arrived on scene. Thomas was advised he was under arrest and handcuffed without further incident. Officer Piper arrived and Thomas was placed in the rear of her squad. Officer Boerger administered an alcohol breath test (PBT #8) and advised me Thomas`s results were .017.
Thomas was issued a citation (270616213232, MN 169.21, 169.02, 609.72), and, per his request, transported to Southdale Mall where he was released.
He was abandoned at a train station, left with just a suitcase containing his favourite pillow, bowl and toy.
Kai the Shar-Pei crossbreed became the most popular dog in the Scottish SPCA's history after he was found tied to railings outside Ayr station with the case.
But now, after dozens of offers from across the world to give the animal a new home, Kai has a new owner.
Ian Russell, 52, was chosen by the Scottish SPCA from a list of hundreds of people who wanted to give him a home.
Scroll down for video
Kai, the dog found abandoned and tied to railings at a train station with a suitcase containing his belongings, has a new owner in Ian Russell - one of hundreds of people from around the world who offered him a home
Kai was discovered just after Christmas with the suitcase - containing his favourite pillow, bowl and toy
'When I heard about Kai I knew the little guy needed a break but I never thought in a million years I'd get him,' said Mr Russell, a self-employed hydraulic engineer from Newton Mearns in East Renfrewshire.
'I called the Scottish SPCA just to check he was OK and see if there was anything I could do to help. Fast-forward a few weeks and here I am taking him home. I honestly think it was meant to be.'
Mr Russell's pet Dalmatian died just before Christmas and he said getting Kai was like winning the lottery.
He added: 'I work all over Scotland, mainly outdoors, driving wherever I'm needed in my van. Kai will come with me and when it's appropriate I'll let him out to run around and play safely while I work. Then we'll jump back into the van together and head to the next place. We'll be able to hang out all the time.'
Kai was discovered by railway staff on January 2 after an internet sale fell through. He was left there by Fin Rayner who claims she was tricked into buying him on Gumtree.
The animal was found looking forlorn, tied to a railing and accompanied by a case containing a pillow, toy, food and bowl.
The Shar-Pei crossbreed was taken in by the SSPCA who managed to fundraise to operate on his eyes
The images of the abandoned dog went round the world and the animal welfare charity said people from as far afield as New York, Canada, Hong Kong, Spain and the Philippines offered to give him a new home. The charity received almost 200 offers to rehome the dog.
Scottish SPCA animal care assistant Alan Grant said: 'Kai's story was really sad and many people likened him to Paddington Bear, given he was found alone at a railway station with his suitcase.
'One of the reasons we chose Ian was right from the start he said he was interested in rehoming Kai but he would take our advice if we thought one of the many other dogs in our care would suit him better.
Kai was found with a painful eye condition but is now in good health after an operation funded by wellwishers
Mr Russell was chosen to give the animal a home and said getting Kai was just like 'winning the lottery'
Mr Russell phoned the SSPCA after he learned of Kai's plight and offered to give him a home or help out
Ian Russell, from Aberdeen, said he never thought he would get Kai because of all the offers to rehome him
'It was really important for us to select an owner who wanted Kai for all the right reasons and had really thought through their decision to take on a rescue dog.
'We know Kai will have a fantastic new life with Ian and we couldn't be happier for him.
'This is a great opportunity for us to remind people that we have hundreds of other animals in our care just like Kai who all need new homes.'
Station staff looked after Kai when he was discovered on January 2, until the Scottish SPCA rescued him
After he was taken in by the Scottish SPCA Kai needed needed surgery for entropions, inward-curling eyelids.
The charity set up a JustGiving page to raise money for the dog's £1,000 operation and managed to raise double the target in a day.
By JONATHAN STREETMAN
Herald Staff Writer
FERDINAND — The Sisters of St. Benedict at the Monastery Immaculate Conception may be getting new neighbors on their campus — a brewery like none other.
The brewery, to be called Saint Benedict's Brew Works in the spirit of its proposed location in the monastery's former art studio, was discussed Wednesday evening at a meeting of the Ferdinand Plan Commission. Vince Luecke of New Boston and Andy Hedinger of St. Meinrad, two local brewers, discussed the possibility of getting a section of the campus rezoned with a special exception to allow for the brewery.
Luecke, editor of the Perry County News and Spencer County Journal-Democrat, said this morning that the meeting was mostly a question-and-answer session.
“We handed them a fact sheet and discussed what we want to do and what we have to do to get approved,” Luecke said.
Under the agreement, Luecke said, the microbrewery would lease the studio space on the east side of the monastery.
Greg Eckerle, communications director for the Sisters of St. Benedict, said they were approached by Luecke and Hedinger several months ago. The proposal was then brought before the entire community and the sisters gave the idea their approval.
The monastery has tried for years to find uses for several vacant buildings on campus, but had not yet found a viable idea.
"The brewery is a way to use a vacant building, build some revenue, support the community and help the local economy," Eckerle said. "Most importantly, that added revenue will help our ministry."
Eckerle said the sisters gave their approval two months ago, and the monastery awaits the decision to rezone to move forward with the lease agreement.
“The sisters won't actually be mashing grains with us,” Luecke said. “Even so, as far as we know, no other group of sisters has an active brewery on their grounds in the U.S. or even the world.”
While the relationship with the nuns may be the first of its kind, beer has a long history of being brewed inside the walls of monestaries. The tradition dates back to the Middle Ages, when monks would brew beer for the entire community.
Trappist beers, which are beers brewed by monks in a select number of monasteries around the globe, are considered some of the best in the world today.
Floor plans and schematics for the brewery in Ferdinand are still being designed, as Luecke and Hedinger are only about three months into discussions with the monastery. Even so, Luecke said the sisters have been receptive to the idea from the beginning.
“Ferdinand's rich history and heritage, along with the beautiful backdrop of the community and the Sisters of St. Benedict, all make for a great location to produce great beer,” their statement to the commissions stated.
“We believe a brewery can tap into the history of the community and the monastery and be something all residents of the town can be proud of. This venture will be the first of its kind in the United States.”
The brewery would be be operated with proper federal and state permits and plans to operate a tasting room similar to wineries. Guests would be able to sample beer and tour the brewery and would be able to purchase beer in bottles. Larger bottles, known as growlers, would also be filled.
Luecke and Hedinger hope to sell their brews at local restaurants and establishments, as well.
“Being operational by Ferdinand's 175th celebration is definitely our goal. Maybe we'll brew up something special just for that,” Luecke said. The town will celebrate its 175th anniversary in 2015.
The pair each have a one-barrel custom-built pilot system and a half-barrel pilot system they've used at Saint Meinrad Archabbey for the past year to fine-tune their skills. Luecke won Best in Show at this year's Jasper Strassenfest homebrew competition, topping 76 other entries.
Their plan is to grow into a 10-barrel system over the next three years.
Luecke and Hedinger had plans to open a brewery in Tell City, but those plans are now on hold as they shift their efforts to Ferdinand.
The pair will appear before the Board of Zoning Appeals at 6:30 p.m. on Sept. 24, at Town Hall, 2065 Main St., in hopes of obtaining the special exception for the brewery.
Contact Jonathan Streetman at jstreetman@dcherald.com.
In the wake of a Black Lives Matter protest that turned deadly Thursday as an ambush on police in Dallas, Texas left five officers dead, and seven others critically wounded, video has emerged showing protesters taunting police officers standing guard in front of a gas station.
Some social media users took to Twitter to share footage of a local news report that showed what was reported as being 300 to 400 protesters dancing, shouting at, and flicking off uniformed police officers in the wake of the single deadliest day for law enforcement since September 11, 2001.
https://twitter.com/JaredWyand/status/751293856520478720
This is disgusting… #BLM thugs flashing gang signs, laughing, and dancing…while officers mourn Share this trash pic.twitter.com/X47MYf3Nmz — That Trump Guy (@ThatTrumpGuy) July 8, 2016
The police were reportedly guarding the 7-Eleven in downtown Dallas after calls came in that the convenience store had been looted by protesters.
The alleged looting occurred hours after several Dallas law enforcement officers were either killed or wounded, according to a timeline of the horrific events reported by Breitbart News.
The first fatal shots were reported as earlier than 9:26 p.m. Thursday night, as a local Fox station reported protesters chanting “F*ck the Police” before shooting.
A News 8 reporter said the protesters were “drunk” and some were suspected of stealing from the 7-Eleven, prompting the massive police presence.
The Youtube video below also appeared online, apparently showing the same local news coverage.
This report is time stamped at 12:47 a.m. local Dallas time (1:47 a.m. ET), again, hours after the deadly police shootings occurred.
Another eyewitness told Fox New that some of the protesters were “taunting the officers and trying to start a disturbance.”
Live coverage of the coordinated ambush on police in Dallas, Texas is available from Breitbart News.
Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson
If and when the New York Islanders' John Tavares lands a new contract, the veteran forward could pull in as much as $12 million per season, Sporting News' Brandon Schlager suggested this week.
Noting that the Edmonton Oilers' Connor McDavid "left money on the table" despite inking a historic eight-year, $100 million extension this summer, Schlager proposes that a transformed market could force the Islanders -- and/or anyone else after Tavares as a potential 2018 free agent -- to up their offers.
What does McDavid's monster contract mean for a player of Tavares' ilk who hits the open market in his prime? The Islanders' offer has been rumored to exceed $10 million per year, but Tavares could conceivably approach $12 million in a bidding war.
Tavares, 26, could certainly warrant such a payday from New York if the Islanders, as they say, are committed to keeping him around. But a contract of that size could also hamper the Isles from a financial standpoint, even with an increased salary cap, which is why Tavares would stand to benefit even more from hitting the open market. That's where, presumably, he'd field ludicrous offers from clubs like the Tampa Bay Lightning and Montreal Canadiens -- teams with playoff potential to sell -- and even more ludicrous offers from teams with cap space to burn.
Family Research Council President and alleged white supremacist Tony Perkins had some choice words for the Internal Revenue Service in a recent press release where he basically dared the IRS to take away his hate groups 501c non-profit status. (Which by all rights they shouldn't have anyway.)
“Some Americans could use a sermon on politics — and yesterday, they got one! More than 1,400 pastors joined Pulpit Freedom Sunday, challenging the IRS's rules on what churches can and can't say about elections. The project, part of Alliance Defending Freedom's outreach, was first introduced to FRC's pastors network in 2008. Since then, the number of churches involved has absolutely exploded, making yesterday's event the most successful yet. ADF launched the initiative in hopes of challenging a 1954 tax code called the Johnson Amendment, which bans tax-exempt organizations from making political endorsements. ‘The purpose is to make sure that the pastor and not the IRS decides what is said from the pulpit,' said ADF's Erik Stanley. If the IRS does take action on the thousands of recorded sermons that will be flooding its offices from yesterday, one thing's for sure. ADF will be ready!” – Tony Perkins
Its well past time for the IRS to send out tax notices to Tony Perkins and the FRC and alos to those 1399 other churches whose pastors are defiantly breaking the law, and preaching political directives to their sheeple.
Thanks for bring this to light Tony. I will make sure to forward this to the proper authorities.
stop losing so much
My motto's always been when it's right it's right, why wait until the middle of a cold dark night...
Baseball/graphical standings, for the first time this season:The east is balls once again. The Central is absolutely vicious. And the NW... is more like the East than the Central, it would appear, though two of the three most smashing victories the Flames have achieved this season have been against the Central.Anyway, has anyone noticed that there are a lot of parallels between the Flames right now and the Flames of three seasons ago? In late November & early December, things were grim. The Flames were losing, and going through that odd scenario where every time you thought they were losing the "right way" and about to break through, they would snap it not by actually winning, but by losing convincingly and depressingly.At rock bottom, or thereabouts, I looked at their chances , and determined that (a) they were real but not great, and (b) the key was to(blinding insight, I know). Regulation losing streaks are season-killers. Shootout and OT losses feel bad, and are a missed opportunity, but you only lose a fraction of the ground on the pack.The 07/08 Flames, after stopping the bleeding per the above with a W and a couple of OTLs, headed out on the road for some afternoon delight that saved their season . They still had some rough patches, but ended up playing their best playoff series since the lockout, and quite possibly would have upset the Sharks with some better goaltending.Right now, the Flames need a few more bounces and a few more saves, and a dozen-or-so-game stretch with only a couple of regulation Ls. The pack is well within reach.Go Flames.
513 SHARES Facebook Twitter Linkedin Reddit
If you're at all involved in the VR space, you likely recently saw a flurry of downtrodden headlines describing “slow,” and “modest,” holiday VR headset sales, with some even calling VR “the biggest loser this holiday.”
The impetus of those headlines was a major revision of research firm Superdata's PlayStation VR sales projections issued on November 29th. The company adjusted their prior PSVR projections from 2.6 million units to 745,000 units and said VR was the “biggest loser” this holiday season. Here's a sampling of headlines spurred by the news:
The headlines, suggesting that VR ‘missed' some inherent target is an ingenious way to spin the more accurate headline which is that “SuperData's PSVR Sales Projections Were Wrong.”
It's been widely talked about among VR insiders over the last 12 months how overly aggressive many of the early VR industry projections are. Just a few weeks ago I was approached by the head of a well known VR studio who predicted this exact situation—that headlines claiming poor VR headset sales performance were on the way; not because the sales were going to be bad, but because the projections that had been eagerly touted were way off base. That person was absolutely right.
So where can we turn in an effort to get the most accurate data about VR headset sales expectations? To the companies that are making the headsets, of course. While (obviously) none of the major players have given hard figures on launch-to-date sales, many of them have provided some indication of their expectations, or at least useful baselines.
Sony – PlayStation VR
Just days after PSVR's October launch, Jim Ryan, President of Sony Computer Entertainment Europe, spoke to the company's confidence in early traction of the PSVR headset in an interview with CNBC.
“We know from the data we have from pre-orders that the interest we have is significant,” Ryan said during a TV interview, further saying that PlayStation VR sales will be in the “many hundreds of thousands” as the headset rolls out. “We think to be able to offer PlayStation VR… [at $399 dollars] it's extremely affordable and we think the takeup is going to be massive,” he said.
Facebook – Oculus Rift
Prior to the Rift's launch in early 2016, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg addressed a question about the impact the headset could have on the company, during Facebook's Q3 2015 earnings call.
“So we've said often that we think that virtual reality and augmented reality could be the next big computing platform,” Zuckerberg said. “But just to put that in perspective and compare it to the development of previous computing platforms, like phones and computers, I think the first smartphones came out in 2003, and in the first year, I think BlackBerry and Palm Treo were the initial smartphones that came out. I think they each sold in the hundreds of thousands of units. So just to kind of give a sense of the time frame that we're thinking about this and how we expect this to develop, that's how we're thinking about that.”
Samsung – Gear VR
Oculus (who partnered with Samsung on Gear VR) confirmed back in May that the headset had surpassed an impressive 1 million monthly active users, possibly making Gear VR the single widest spread VR platform to date (excluding Google's inexpensive and mostly incomparable Cardboard headsets). That gives us a definite baseline, and a rough estimate of the total usership, so long as we can accurately figure what portion of the installation base is using the headset in a given month. As Samsung abundantly marketed Gear VR as a pre-order giveaway for a number of their smartphones, not all of the headsets out there are directly attributable sales.
While Gear VR's install base is impressive, its acceleration has likely taken a hit given the trouble Samsung has faced with the global recall of its flagship Note 7 smartphone earlier this year, which was one of the phones that the headset was marketed alongside.
HTC – Vive
Analysts and investors hoping for a strong HTC comeback pressed the company for details on performance of the Vive's sales and growth during their Q3 earnings call. Like its competitors in the VR space, the company has declined to give specifics on headset sales this early in the development of the product category, but did respond to questions about a 140,000 unit sales figure that was reported initially by Chinese VR site 87870 and subsequently picked up by many others.
“Right, so I think this is a good question because I also read the [reports about the 140,000 unit sales figure]. I actually talked to [HTC Chairwoman] Cher [Wang] on that,” said Chia-Lin Chang, President of Smartphone and Connected Devices at HTC, in response to a question by an analyst at Arete Research.
“I don't know [how] this 140,000 number came up. Cher comment[ed] on it, and I can confirm to you here that her comments, basically—of course it's higher than 140,000. It's much more than that number,” Chang continued. “But I will not be able to give you a number, and I would encourage you guys not to refer that number. That seems to be anchored fully on something that we have no idea where it came from.”
Chang likened the current VR landscape to a “horse-racing land-grab era,” though he did admit, “I'm not sure it's the right, appropriate description.” Ultimately he called this portion of the company's business “the beginning of something very fast expanding, exciting era.”
“What I can tell you is, we—as I say, last time, on the last earning call, we were happy [with] the selling condition [of the Vive] as to the last earning call. I'm very happy to report to you that we continue to be happy with the current selling condition in last quarter,” Chang said in the earnings call. “And we're looking to hopefully a good—I don't mean to forward looking, but we're hopefully looking for a good, happy Christmas shopping season for that.”
Google – Daydream
Google has given its expectations for Daydream a few years further out than the others. Those expectations are, however, extremely ambitious. At the company's annual Google I/O conference this year, ahead of the launch of Daydream, Google suggested that in a few years, Daydream would have a massive userbase.
“…our intention [for Daydream] is to operate at Android scale, meaning hundreds of millions of users using Daydream devices. And the way we get there is through the typical smartphone evolution: where today's premium devices—the ones that can run VR experiences—are next year's mid-range, and the following year's high-end devices,” Brahim Elbouchikhi, Senior Product Manager on the Google VR team, told developers in the audience. “So if you take that evolution, you can see that in a couple years, we will have hundreds of millions of users on Daydream Ready devices that are ready to consume the mobile VR experiences that you all are going to build.”
Bigger is Not Always Better (or more accurate)
That's not to say that projections of this sort are easy to make; the issue is the trust that people put in them, and the media's willingness to run headlines with the biggest and most exciting number, a problem we addressed back in April when introducing the 2016 Virtual Reality Industry report that we co-authored with Greenlight Insights:
So what's the problem with projections? Big projections get big headlines. You don't have to go searching very far or wide to find VR and AR industry projections forecasting market revenue of tens or hundreds of billions in short timeframes, or that massive numbers of VR headsets will ship in no time at all. These sorts of stories get headlines because they paint a very optimistic picture of an industry that—in all truthfulness—is unproven and still in its earliest stages. At Road to VR, we see such juicy figures flaunted frequently in our direction, and often pass on reporting them. Everyone in the industry wants to know that VR and AR is going to be wildly successful and that it's going to happen fast. Investors especially, many of which are looking for maximum return on a minimal timeframe, are emboldened by the opportunity that the big numbers suggest. But great momentum doesn't a projection make, it's about what's actually happening inside the black box of “the industry.” “We always overestimate the change that will occur in the next two years and underestimate the change that will occur in the next ten.” – popularly attributed to Bill Gates In general, we've found that many of the projections we see are overly aggressive in their early timeline, seemingly trying to one-up each other as time goes on. We think that the VR industry will achieve its greatest potential when actors within are equipped with the most accurate knowledge. So when you glean insights from our 2016 VR Industry Report that aren't all roses and sunshine—like that many developers don't believe VR will begin to approach mainstream adoption for another 2-3 years, or that the industry is still lacking a killer app to drive that adoption—know that we aren't going for big headlines, we're going for big accuracy.We've applied our experience as the industry's most senior VR-dedicated publication, combined with Greenlight VR's trusted data-driven analysis, to create a comprehensive foundation of the virtual reality landscape and a realistic account of how the market will grow, not only in scale, but crucially, in time as well.
Disclosure: Road to VR co-authored the 2016 Virtual Reality Industry Report with Greenlight Insights, a business intelligence firm which is competitive with SuperData.
It is a typical, even stereotypical, West Bank settlement scene: bearded young men pruning vines while enthusing about the Chosen People's God-given right to this region. But in this case it is Jesus, and not Jewish identity, that animates these tillers.
For years, Westerners have flocked to the Israeli-occupied West Bank to help Palestinians with their olive harvest, as part of left-wing activist groups like the International Solidarity Movement. Among other things, the activists seek to resist efforts by settlers to disrupt the Palestinians' reaping.
Now, the settlers have international harvest help of their own. The young Christians working in the Psagot Winery's vineyards near Ramallah in mid-March were members of HaYovel. Last year, this Tennessee-based evangelical ministry started a large-scale operation to bring volunteers to tend and harvest settler grapes. They attach epic importance to their work.
nathan jeffay God?s Work: Volunteers come to the West Bank to further a Biblical mission. Share
Pinterest
Email
“When you see prophecy taking place, you have the option to do nothing or become a vessel to it,” said volunteer pruner Blake Smith, a 20-year-old farmer from Virginia.
HaYovel preaches the old-school ideology of Religious Zionist settlers with one innovation: a sacred role for Christians.
The group's members believe that the establishment of the State of Israel, its subsequent conquering of East Jerusalem and the West Bank, and specifically the flourishing of agriculture in the occupied areas are fulfillments of biblical prophecies. Like many settlers, HaYovel cites a prophecy by Jeremiah that refers to the Samaria region of the West Bank: “Again you shall plant vines on the mountains of Samaria.” And like them, HaYovel believes that the settlement movement will help to bring the Messiah to Jerusalem — the only difference being that the volunteers anticipate a second coming.
But these Christians also focus on a prophecy rarely cited by settlers, who tend to place ideological value on using only avoda ivrit, or “Hebrew labor,” whenever possible. “And strangers shall stand and feed your flocks, and foreigners shall be your plowmen and your vine-dressers,” Isaiah prophesized to the Israelites.
Basing itself on this verse, HaYovel — which takes its name from the Bible's twice-a-century agricultural jubilee — has made reverence of settlers into a central religious virtue.
“Being here, we just want to serve — and to bless the Jewish people in building up the land,” said Joshua Waller, a HaYovel ministry leader and one of the 11 children of Tommy Waller, the group's founder and spiritual head. During a lunch break, a settler with yarmulke and sidelocks came to address volunteers. They keenly asked him to explain why the international community is wrong and the West Bank is not really occupied, and seemed prepared to accept what they were told. “We are not here to teach anything, just to learn,” Joshua Waller said shortly before the talk began.
To some of the volunteers, becoming settler laborers is a way of righting a historical Christian wrong. “This is a crazy time,” said Joe Trad Jr., a 23-year-old college dropout from Missouri. Over 2,000 years of contention, he said, “we saw Constantine and the Holocaust. Yet today, in this spot of the world, you have Christians and Jews for the first time with the same goal.”
The volunteers are a mix of people who, like Smith, had a mainstream Christian upbringing and were drawn to HaYovel out of curiosity; people from families that gave up the organized church to develop their own brand of religion, one they see as closer to Judaism, and some people who are emerging from personal crises.
Trad, a former alcoholic and cocaine addict, went through rehab and became a Christian two years ago. He described his volunteering as a way of giving thanks “for what the Lord has done for me in my life by freeing me from these addictions.”
Aaron Hood, a 21-year-old HaYovel staff employee, comes from a Tennessee family of 14 children that gave up on any organized church and started observing the New Testament and the Hebrew Bible according to its own understanding. The family observes Saturday, not Sunday, as a rest day.
The Waller family is similar. In 1998, Tommy Waller, a FedEx manager with a Baptist background, and his wife, Sherri, a Methodist Mary Kay saleswoman, left their jobs and went to live in an Amish community in Tennessee, though they did not become Amish.
The Wallers developed their own religious approach, based on their own Scriptural interpretations, and built up an informal group of a few families who prayed and studied together. Tommy Waller visited Israel for the first time in 2004, and resolved to start an initiative to help settler farmers. He set up HaYovel and began bringing small delegations to the West Bank in 2006 — the same year that he left the Amish community. Last year, he expanded the operation, bringing in 300 instead of his normal retinue of fewer than 100. He hopes to reach 400 this year.
HaYovel's religious devotion to settlers means that the organization is welcome even in the West Bank's most ideological settlements — places that generally like to preserve a tight-knit, exclusively Jewish community.
The group does have some opponents who fear that HaYovel is not honest when it denies any missionary agenda. Shlomo Aviner, chief rabbi of Beit El, rejects any joint Jewish-Christian ventures. He spoke to the Forward about his opposition to the group. This past summer, residents of Har Bracha near Nablus protested the presence of HaYovel members to the village secretariat. The controversy died down quickly when residents learned that the settlement's rabbi, Eliezer Melamed, a hard-liner who has sworn not to accept Christian donations for his yeshiva, had ruled that HaYovel is “not working to convert us, God forbid, rather, to strengthen us.”
Aside from the ministry's reverence for Jews, the other factor making it welcome in settlements is simple economics.
Settler wineries are flourishing. Eshkol Hazahav, one of Israel's most prestigious wine-tasting competitions, awarded West Bank settlement wineries a record seven of its 50 prizes in 2010. But settler wineries tend to be smaller than those on the other side of the Green Line that divides the occupied West Bank from Israel's pre-1967 boundary. The settlers complain that margins can be tight — especially as many of them, for ideological reasons, refuse to employ Palestinians, who will generally work for less money than Jews.
HaYovel's volunteers work for long stints, sometimes up to three months, providing hundreds of hours of free labor at the busy seasons of the grape-growing year. They choose vineyards, and only vineyards, to deploy their help because farming them is particularly labor-intensive, and because they are mentioned specifically in biblical prophecy. In the latest trip, which ended on March 20, 35 volunteers pruned a total of 100 acres of vines at Psagot, Shiloh and elsewhere. “It takes a lot of expenses off farmers, who are struggling in this area,” said Nir Lavi, owner of the Har Bracha Winery.
The HaYovel faithful are well aware of strong anti-settlement lobbies among both Jews and Christians. During their latest volunteer stint, Peter Beinart, a prominent liberal pro-Israel writer, published a controversial New York Times op-ed piece calling on supporters of Israel to boycott settlement products (and proactively patronize other products from Israel) in order to increase pressure for a two-state solution that he sees as crucial for ensuring Israel's future as a democratic state with a Jewish majority.
Meanwhile, just a short distance from the vineyards that HaYovel members were tending, a conference in Bethlehem called Christ at the Checkpoint convened 300 Christian leaders, academics and activists to discuss how, in their view, Israel's occupation of the West Bank violates Christian values.
HaYovel responds to such viewpoints with two words: covenant and prophesy.
Tommy Waller insists that his ministry bears no antagonism toward Palestinians, whom it wants to see living peacefully in the West Bank. But he insists that the biblical promise to give the Israelites the Land of Israel, and various prophecies, justify Jewish rule there. Given the significance of West Bank sites to Jewish history, he argues that demanding an end to Jewish rule in the West Bank is akin to “anti-Semitism.”
“If you take away Shechem [Nablus], Beit El, Shiloh and Hebron — places where Jewish identity came to being,” asked Waller, “is there still a Jewish identity?”
Contact Nathan Jeffay at jeffay@forward.com
This story "Christians Called To Serve Jewish Settlers" was written by Nathan Jeffay.
Persona 5 Anime Trailer, April Premiere, Staff Revealed
The Persona 5 anime series is coming.
Today, we got an in-depth look at the series, based on the popular game, thanks to a trailer, information on the cast and crew, and premiere date (well, month, anyway).
Persona 5 the Animation will premiere in April 2018, and is directed by Masashi Ishihama (From the New World). Scripts will be supervised by Shinichi Inotsume (Persona 5 the Animation -The Day Breakers-), and the game's character designs will be adapted for anime by Satomi Ishikawa (Convenience Store boyfriends). Music will be composed by Shoji Meguro, who served as the composer on the game.
Here's a bit of especially good news for fans of the game: the full vocal cast, including Jun Fukuyama (Rei Amamiya) will reprise their roles for the series.
The series will be animated at A-1 Pictures, who also produced Persona 5 the Animation -The Day Breakers-.
For those who haven't played the game, a summary courtesy Amazon:
Persona 5 is a game about the internal and external conflicts of a group of troubled high school students – the protagonist and a collection of compatriots he meets in the game's story – who live dual lives as Phantom Thieves. They have the typically ordinary day-to-day of a Tokyo high schooler – attending class, after school activities and part-time jobs. But they also undertake fantastical adventures by using otherworldly powers to enter the hearts of people. Their power comes from the Persona, the Jungian concept of the “self”. The game's heroes realize that society forces people to wear masks to protect their inner vulnerabilities, and by literally ripping off their protective masks and confronting their inner selves do the heroes awaken their inner power, and use it to strive to help those in need. Ultimately, the group of Phantom Thieves seeks to change their day-to-day world to match their perception and see through the masks modern-day society wears.
Source: ANN
Few who stopped in at J. Toguri Mercantile Co. on Belmont Avenue near Clark Street knew the story of the unassuming woman who moved quietly among the cluttered piles of Asian books and toiletries, dishes, vases, cutlery and candy.
Iva Toguri certainly didn't look like a war criminal, although the U.S. government convicted her as one following World War II. In the late 1940s, she was branded as being one of the voices of "Tokyo Rose," Japan's infamous radio siren to embattled U.S. troops, and served 6 years in a West Virginia prison.
Toguri lived with that stigma until 1977, when she received a presidential pardon following a flurry of media attention, including a series in the Chicago Tribune in which two of her chief accusers said their testimony had been coerced.
A Chicago resident since 1956, Toguri, 90, died Tuesday, Sept. 26, in Advocate Illinois Masonic Medical Center, according to Barbara Trembley, who served as Toguri's adviser and is hoping to have a film made of her life.
Toguri ran J. Toguri Mercantile in Chicago with her father until his death, and then with a nephew and a niece. Clerks at the store Wednesday referred all questions to Trembley.
Toguri seldom spoke of her past and remained intensely private throughout her 50 years in Chicago. Customers at the store who knew who she was quickly learned that questions would go unanswered.
"She had a hard outer shell, and you could understand why," said Chicago Ald. Thomas Tunney (44th), owner of the Ann Sather Restaurant on Belmont, where Toguri would occasionally dine.
"She didn't talk much about it," said Ross Harano, former president of the Chicago Chapter of the Japanese American Citizens League. "She was not a bitter person at all, she just put it aside."
California native
A California native and a U.S. citizen, Toguri was visiting a sick aunt in Japan when Pearl Harbor was bombed. Stuck in the country, she was tossed out by her family because of her U.S. citizenship and harassed by the Japanese government. In 1943, she took a secretarial job at Radio Tokyo. The Japanese wanted a woman with an American accent for a radio show called "Zero Hour," and Toguri was enlisted.
Toguri was one of about a dozen female broadcasters dubbed "Tokyo Rose" by American GIs. Toguri actually broadcast under the moniker "Orphan Ann" (Ann for announcer). While the Japanese were trying to use the broadcasts as propaganda, an Australian prisoner of war who wrote the shows Toguri did say the programs were intended as "straight-out entertainment." Nonetheless, she was held for a year by U.S. occupying forces after the war, then released. But a public outcry fanned by influential radio broadcaster Walter Winchell led the U.S. to re-arrest her, said Wayne Collins, whose father defended Toguri at her 1949 trial in San Francisco.
Toguri was convicted of treason following a 12-week trial. The single count of which she was found guilty--seven others were thrown out--accused her of referring to U.S. sailors as "Orphans of the Pacific" and asking, "How will you get home now that your ships are sunk?"
Such radio broadcasts, with false reports of battle outcomes designed to demoralize the troops delivered amid pop music, were notorious instruments in Japan's propaganda war.
Her innocence finally was proven in the 1970s through efforts by the media and her attorney. In 1976, two of her primary accusers told the Tribune's Far East correspondent, Ronald Yates, that FBI officials had forced them to give false testimony.
Kenkichi Oki and George Mitsushio were California-born Japanese-Americans who had returned to Japan in the 1930s and wound up as Toguri's superiors on the "Zero Hour" radio program, said Yates, now dean of the College of Communications at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. In a series of interviews with Yates, they admitted that Toguri had done nothing wrong and that their testimony had been coerced.
His reports followed a February 1976 Tribune series by Linda Witt that brought Toguri's prosecution into question. TV's "60 Minutes" also did a segment on Toguri, said Collins, who had taken over his father's case and filed for a presidential pardon.
In January 1977, on his last day in office, President Gerald Ford pardoned Toguri.
At the time, she said that she hoped to "go back to my simple life and work. The difference now is, however, that I have regained my American citizenship, a right and privilege I have always cherished."
Toguri was born on July 4, 1916, and grew up in California, where she received a degree in zoology from UCLA with designs on becoming a doctor. Those plans were waylaid by her ill-fated trip to Japan. While in Japan, her mother died in a U.S. internment camp for Japanese Americans. She married Felipe D'Aquino, who she never saw again after being shipped out of Japan. He has since died, Yates said.
Her father moved to Chicago after the war and started his import and retail business, which was initially on Clark Street. Toguri joined him after being released from prison and rarely talked about her ordeal.
As the business prospered, she aided young Japanese students and businessmen. When Yoshi Katsamura, a young restaurateur, wanted to open his own place in 1982, she provided the initial funding, he said.
"She's a big personality, she helps any person she can," Katsamura said. "She's a mentor."
Toguri had dinner at least monthly at Yoshi's Cafe on Halsted, and for the last 25 years, she celebrated her Independence-Day birthday with a special meal at the restaurant, Katsamura said.
The Toguri family owned the building that housed Ann Sather when Tunney took over the business in the early 1980s. "She was intimidating at first, a hard-nosed businessperson," Tunney said. After asking Tunney several questions to assure herself he knew enough about business to make money and pay his rent, she offered him a five-year lease. "She took a chance on me," Tunney said.
`She was never bitter'
"She was never bitter," Tunney said. "Considering her life, she was very optimistic."
Toguri lived in a three-flat in Uptown, where she rarely talked to neighbors. At her store, she spent most of her time doing business in back. But sometimes she'd come out to help customers find their way among piles of Japanese and Asian goods, Tunney said.
In January, the World War II Veterans Committee presented Toguri with the Edward J. Herlihy citizen award, which is named after the World War II newsreels announcer. The committee had earlier printed Toguri's story in its newsletter, drawing an outpouring of support from veterans, said its president, James Roberts.
Horrified by an image of a Google Street View image of child lying face-down in a gutter with her shoes cast off, residents of Worcester (England, not Massachusetts) contacted the authorities. Luckily, little Azura Beebeejaun is just playin, y'all.
The Daily Mail reports that concerned Worcesterians thought Google Street View's image of Middle Road depicted the corpse of child.
Gumshoe reporters tracked down the child in question—Azura Beebeejaun, age ten—and discovered that little Miss Beebeejaun was alive and well. The child claimed she did not know Google Street View was taking her picture the day she played dead in a gutter near her home. To comfort her worried fans, Miss Beebeejaun posed for a photograph in which she wears an outfit similar to the one she wore on the day she did not die.
Reached for comment, Mrs. Beebeejaun said she wished her daughter played dead more often:
I understand how some people might have thought the picture looked like a dead body—I just wish she was that quiet all the time.
Though Google occasionally removes images from Google Street View, Miss Beebeejaun's non-deceased image remains. [Daily Mail, GoogleMaps, SWNS]
Previously:
Google Maps Catches Children Making Out Behind Bushes
The Mysterious Case of Brooklyn's Giant Secret Google Maps Airplane
Click to view
Editor's note: In our Behind the Scenes series, CNN correspondents share their experiences in covering news and analyze the stories behind the events. CNN's Jason Carroll explores the issue of race.
Barack Obama's father was from Kenya; his white mother was from Kansas.
(CNN) -- The 2000 U.S. Census was the first time Americans were allowed to identify themselves as "multiracial," and more than six million people checked more than one box in the race and ethnicity category.
Included in the multiracial category is the Democratic presumptive nominee, Sen. Barack Obama. With a white mother from Kansas and a black father from Kenya, Obama is the nation's first biracial candidate for president. The media, however, have continually called Obama the nation's first major party "black candidate," saying he could make history as the first "black president." But is that accurate?
A columnist examining Obama's background summed up his racial identity into one equation: white + black = black.
For me, that said it all.
There are some who point out Obama is just as white as he is black. He may be the nation's first black president, but he would also be the nation's 44th white president. Is Obama black or biracial? »
"He can't say, 'I'm a white guy named Barack Hussein Obama,' nobody's going to buy that," says cultural critic Michaela Angela Davis. "We're not ready for that."
This is an issue that has sparked debate not only in our newsroom, but also among my friends and family. Most Americans see Obama as a black man, and he identifies himself as a black man. But there are some who will argue that by labeling Obama as a "black candidate," we are all ignoring a vital and legitimate side of his life. Does Obama's race really matter? »
I spoke with a group of young professionals who are part of a biracial support group called Swirl. Swirl was started by a woman named Jen Chau whose father is Chinese and mother is white. Chau says this debate over Obama's racial identity is very familiar and she's been dealing with this issue her whole life.
Chau identifies herself as a mixed-race person as do the other members of Swirl we spoke with. Lynda Turet says she could never identify herself as a white person in America because she is also half-Filipina. Both women support Obama's choice to identify himself as a black candidate, but they also understand why he emphasizes his white roots.
David Mendell, author of "Obama: From Promise to Power" says there's an idea of a "post-racial" candidate, a candidate who transcends the labels of race to appeal to all races. He says though most Americans view Obama as black, he has been able to use his own experiences to appeal to both black and white audiences and that has translated into political success.
This is a debate that will continue as we watch the presidential race. It seems with an issue like this there's no right or wrong answer. As Michaela Angela Davis says, it's a step in the right direction that we are even having this discussion as all.
CNN's Susan Chun contributed to this report.
All About African-American Issues • Racial Issues • Barack Obama
Sponsored Link
3 Slices 2
3 Slices 2 is a sequel to the popular physics puzzle game 3 Slices. The goal in both games is to remove as much of the colored shapes as possible from the screen. This is achieved by slicing the shapes. In addition to red shapes this sequel now contains blue shapes. They act the same as the red ones except for one thing - they fall up! Can you reach the target percentages throughout the game? If you can there are 2 new game modes to unlock. Good luck!
How to play: The goal in 3 Slices 2 is to remove as much red and blue from the screen as possible. You do this by slicing them. Press the left mouse button to begin slicing then release it to to cut the shape. It is possible to slice more than one shape at once. If you are having trouble slicing it may be that you are moving your mouse pointer out of the game area, make sure it stays in there. In addition to the red and blue shapes there are also white shapes. It doesn't matter if these shapes stay or go. It is often vital to use them also to solve some of the puzzles.
Play 3 Slices 2
For Democrats, the past two weeks have been a study in contrasts. This week, they implacably resisted another pointless debt ceiling charade, and House Majority Leader John Boehner backpedaled. In other words, they showed rare resolve and were promptly rewarded.
Yet in the preceding weeks, the majority of congressional Democrats — including more than 80 percent of Senate Democrats — voted for a farm bill that cuts food stamps, an unconscionable action that reconfirmed the party's moral bankruptcy. At the bill signing last week, President Obama, omitting any mention of the reduction in benefits, mendaciously claimed the legislation “includes protections for vulnerable Americans." While no one will get booted from the food stamp rolls, the more than $8 billion in benefit reductions (spaced out over 10 years) will adversely affect an estimated 850,000 households in at least 15 states. If Democrats have tired of debt ceiling histrionics, they haven't deemed food stamps off limits. On display were Democrats' willingness to punish the poor, their “we're still better than Republicans” apologias, and their truly astonishing inability to articulate a counternarrative. In contrast to debt ceiling steadfastness, here incompetence and iniquity abounded.
Advertisement:
The Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program cuts were achieved by effectively killing “Heat and Eat," a policy under which beneficiaries in some states use proof of heating assistance to increase their monthly SNAP allotment. While the cuts constitute a mere 1 percent of the food stamp budget, current funding levels for SNAP are already inadequate: 90 percent of benefits are exhausted by the third week of the month. In addition, food stamp recipients have already plummeted over what MSNBC reporter Ned Resnikoff has called the “hunger cliff,” an across-the-board reduction in SNAP benefits imposed late last year. The cascade of cuts only compounds the existing hunger problem. U.S. Department of Agriculture estimated that in 2012, 14.5 percent of American households were food insecure at some point. This is the cruel reality: In the world's richest country, the right to be free of debilitating hunger still hasn't been won.
As for the farm bill, this wasn't Democrats bailing on the public option or giving in to Wall Street. They didn't have to fend off an indomitable constituency or initiate structural change. Food stamps are the paradigmatic palliative, meant to soften the sting of our immiseration-inducing economic system. Its benefits are already so meager they barely reduce workers' subordination to the whims of the labor market. Even substantially more generous payments would hardly be revolutionary. And still, most Democrats were nevertheless swayed that the paring was justified on its own — it “probably makes the program more legitimate than it was,” Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack said — or wasn't egregious enough to nix the entire bill.
Even a majority of Democratic senators in "Heat and Eat" states voted in favor of the farm bill. Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, a self-described socialist who caucuses with the Democrats, backed the legislation despite protestations that “it is both morally and economically wrong to cut assistance to families in a very difficult economy.” According to the same statement, the staunch progressive cast his “aye” vote after the state's governor assured him Vermonters who use the “Heat and Eat” program would be shielded from the cuts. So much for solidarity. (Sanders' press office didn't respond to an attempt for additional comment.) Compromise is an inescapable part of the political process, especially under divided government. But admitting the necessity of compromise says little about the form compromise must take. By accepting the terms Republicans laid out — cuts are necessary, fraud is a problem — and then inching toward something less abhorrent, Democrats ensured they'd stay inside the appalling perimeter the GOP had sketched out, even if they reached the periphery. They claimed victory for whittling down the cuts' magnitude when they never should've accepted the premise. Michigan's Debbie Stabenow, Democratic senator and the chairwoman of the Agriculture Committee, said in an MSNBC interview the day the bill passed the Senate, "to have credibility, I said, of course I would address fraud and abuse." She also noted the egregious provisions — drug testing for recipients, for example — originally contained in the House bill that were excised during the conference committee. The final bill also didn't contain the tens of billions in food stamp cuts the House GOP sought. For Michigan's junior senator and many of her partisan colleagues, these were accomplishments.
Logically, of course, there's no way out of this tactical labyrinth. Democrats can always position themselves a smidgen to the left of Republicans and say, with accuracy, that they are more progressive than the malevolent GOP. The best Democrats can deliver, in this rightward-veering scenario, is an outcome previously beyond the pale. Indeed, if preventing schemes to humiliate the dispossessed merits celebration, if increasing insecurity and deprivation in some states instead of 50 warrants applause, then ardent Democrats should do some soul-searching. If making sure the most vulnerable have enough to eat isn't a desideratum of Democratic Party membership, the party is utterly useless; they can drop all pretensions to care about poverty or inequality or injustice.
In addition to being morally repellent, Democrats were strategically daft. The idea that expunging SNAP of perceived loopholes would temper conservative hostility to the social safety net is absurd. Conservatives, as a rule, don't want to preserve food stamps. They object to SNAP and other government programs because they view them as “free money,” redistribution from the deserving strivers to the undeserving loafers. Rightists haven't tarred Obama as the “food stamp president” because of endemic fraud, but because they view the program itself as inherently illegitimate, as enabling the slovenly. These are the “gifts” Mitt Romney excoriated. When Stabenow and others lent credence to the idea that food stamps are in need of trimming rather than immediate expansion, they emboldened reactionaries who, quite literally, wish more people suffered pangs of hunger.
Contrast this with Democrats' belated recognition that ultra-right House Republicans didn't have the numbers — and Boehner the reckless insanity — to credibly engage in debt ceiling shenanigans. Once Democrats ruled a non-raising a non-option— something they could have easily done with SNAP cuts — the theatrics stopped.
One could argue economic elites are petrified of debt-ceiling-engendered financial market turmoil in a way that smaller food stamp allotments don't rankle them. No doubt this is correct. It's axiomatic that political actors are generally indifferent to the concerns and needs of non-powerful constituencies. Efforts to limit crop insurance to non-wealthy farmers failed. Food stamps beneficiaries, having no well-connected lobbyists to dispatch, had to rely on the conscience of their elected officials. And broadly speaking, the interests of the affluent and the interests of the disadvantaged are irreconcilable: The former have to relinquish power and resources so the latter can lead dignified, autonomous lives.
Advertisement:
But what's maddening is, in the case of SNAP cuts, the interests of the powerful and the interests of the vulnerable weren't mutually exclusive — at least not entirely. If Congresspeople wished to shovel more cash to rich farmers, the power dynamics weren't such that a corresponding SNAP reduction was invariably in the offing. Democrats could've demanded expansion from the beginning, knowing that even if it was whittled down in negotiations, they'd head off any curtailments; Obama could've refused to sign any legislation with reductions. Again, the debt ceiling win is instructive: Democratic leaders, recognizing they had the upper hand both politically and morally, finally said they wouldn't permit any discussion on the matter. The moral case for disallowing food stamp cuts was equally strong, the opposition more pliable, yet all many Democrats could do was rationalize their capitulation.
The struggle for a more decent, humane world is unceasing. Gains are never permanent; new baselines are always subject to contestation. But food stamps should be one of the easy ones. Maintaining current funding levels is the kind of thing liberals and leftists shouldn't have to mobilize against to prevent. When you vote for Democrats, however business-friendly, however weak-kneed, you should know they're going to hold the line on food stamps. That they won't — not just the centrists, but even the guy who calls himself a socialist — and accept “fraud and abuse” as the lingua franca of the debate is dispiriting in the extreme. Indeed, it tells you all you need to know about the state of the Democratic Party: Things once sacrosanct are disposable.
As a result, liberals and leftists cannot take for granted that, even on the most rudimentary issues, Democrats won't be the enemies of progress.
Just about any aspect of government policy on early childhood can spark a nasty debate. Advocates of publicly subsidized, licensed care centres for all preschoolers square off against those who favour stay-at-home parenting or less formal care options. Believers in the virtues of not-for-profit care feud with for-profit daycare companies. Fervent admirers of Quebec's $7-a-day system clash with those who say the province's groundbreaking experiment in affordable care hasn't yet produced measurable educational benefits for kids.
(Here is a look at how European research informs the debate over for-profit care. Here is one of the studies of Quebec system's impact on the economy and kids' readiness for school. Or, if you don't want to read the original study. And here's a 2011 story on how that Quebec study fits in the context of the federal policy debate.)
But there's one thing about early childhood policy that isn't open to dispute: It provides great backdrops for political events. So it was Tuesday when NDP Leader Thomas Mulcair stood in the sun-dappled playground of an Ottawa daycare centre—cute kids digging in the sand and pedalling their tricycles behind him—to announce his party's plan. Should the NDP win next fall's election, it promises to partly fund 370,000 child care spaces across Canada by 2018-19 at a cost of nearly $1.9 billion a year.
Mulcair proposes that Ottawa cover 60 per cent of new government spending, and the provinces 40 per cent, with parents paying no more than $15 a day for a child care space. “We'll do it with provinces and territories,” Mulcair said. “And, no, we're not going to dictate centrally that there's only going to be one model.” That pledge not to try to replicate Quebec's system across Canada is key, since Mulcair's affinity for his home province's policy, as a former Quebec Liberal cabinet minister, is no secret.
He even brought Quebec economist Pierre Fortin to Ottawa for the NDP announcement, to make the case that Quebec's model is a winner for the provincial treasury. Fortin says it allowed 70,000 mothers to join Quebec's workforce, generating $1.75 in economic activity for every dollar the province spends on daycare.
Still, Mulcair stressed that, as prime minister, he would respect other provinces' preferences. Even though the NDP favours not-for-profit care, for instance, for-profit centres wouldn't be excluded from funding. Furthermore, giving low-income parents priority access to the new spaces—a controversial idea among advocates of a universal system—might be allowed. “That's exactly the type of thing that provinces should be looking at, based on their own reality,” he said.
Kevin Milligan, a professor at the University of British Columbia's Vancouver School of Economics who has studied child care policy, said Mulcair is right to leave the design of daycare programs largely to the provinces. “I'd struggle to say why the federal government ought to be deciding what child care looks like in my Vancouver neighbourhood,” he said. (Read more from Milligan on what we can learn from Quebec's child care experience, here.)
But if one of the main goals of the NDP policy is to encourage mothers of preschool children to enter the workforce, Milligan said the easiest way to accomplish that would be to effectively lower the cost of daycare by boosting the existing $7,000 maximum federal tax deduction for child care expenses. “That $7,000 hasn't been adjusted since 1998,” Milligan pointed out, “so inflation has eroded it considerably.”
The Conservative government, however, seems less interested in enriching that deduction than touting its Universal Child Care Benefit, which pays $100 per month for every child under age six. Mulcair said he wouldn't tamper with that signature Stephen Harper policy, even though it is often criticized by early-childhood experts for not directly funding new daycare spaces. No politician can ignore the fact that the $100-a-month benefit goes to all families with young children—including the 45 per cent of parents of preschoolers who, according to Statistics Canada figures from 2011, don't use any form of child care, other than a stay-at-home parent. Among the 55 per cent who rely on child care, 61 per cent used licensed home daycare or daycare centres, 27 per cent private care by nannies or relatives, and the rest a mix of other arrangements.
(For a refresher on how the Conservatives, even before they won power, pitched their direct payments to parents as the antidote to Dryden's national strategy, here's a 2005 Maclean's story. And for those numbers on how preschoolers are cared for, here is the Statistics Canada table.)
If Tory and NDP preferences are now on the table, the policy of Justin Trudeau's Liberals is less clear. Back in 2005, former Liberal cabinet minister Ken Dryden spearheaded a national child care strategy, cutting separate deals with each province. Harper cancelled them after winning the 2006 election. Liberal MP Rodger Cuzner, Trudeau's critic for employment and social development, said the party will propose a new strategy, but won't try to estimate the cost of creating new daycare spaces before negotiating again with the provinces. “Inevitably, we're going to have to work with the provinces in the delivery of a national program,” Cuzner said.
Trudeau's reluctance to cost out a detailed proposal could leave Mulcair an opening to position his NDP as the voice of true conviction on early-childhood policy. And Harper, as always, will be hoping that means advantageous vote-splitting on the left.
Not believing in science is like not being sexually attracted to the sun: It's not applicable, it doesn't care, and it still works to make your modern life possible, whether you like it or not.
Medioimages/Photodisc/Photodisc/Getty Images
No matter how romantic sunsets are. Or how euphemistically you say "fusion."
Unfortunately, some people think there's a war between scientific equipment and invisible spirits, and instead of inventing the Ghostbusters, they declared war on understanding itself. The Internet recently shared this page from a science textbook:
BJU Press
Making the Insane Clown Posse look like electromagnetic masterminds.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Obviously that's too stupid to be real, but publishing such things anyway is Bob Jones University's entire deal. They're a private Christian university and press, and that page is from their Christian homeschooling book Science 4. It's a stupider attack on the future than How to Hide Land Mines in Time Capsules for Dummies, and even more damaging for the target market. Gary Busey's science textbook was better. I found a copy of Science 4 with the teacher's study guide, and America, when you notice your students starting to misspell IQ tests, now you'll know who to blame.
Older women are too often slipping into poverty across Australia (Getty)
Many older women living in Australia are at risk of poverty. SBS explains how life events like divorce and workplace inequities can compile to take a heavy toll on female finances.
Poverty is a daily reality for millions of Australian women aged 55 and over.
Single elderly women – aged over 60 – living in Australia have the unfortunate distinction of belonging to the lowest income earning family group in the 2017 HILDA survey. This family subset, according to the survey, earns on average, less than $30,000 a year. It's also the most likely household type to live in poverty.
When it comes to finances, many women face an uphill battle all their lives.
We're paid less than men. In 2017, Australia's full time gender pay gap is 15.3 per cent, or $251.20 less for women each week.
"By the time they are 60, 34 per cent of single women in Australia live in poverty."
Many of us take time out of work to have babies. According to a woman in Super report, the average career break for women is six years. “For a 30-year old on an annual salary of $50,000, a six-year career break costs $77,000 in lost super accumulation at retirement,” the report states.
When we return to work, it is often part-time: over 70 per cent of all part-time workers are female. We make up 54.7 per cent of the casual workforce.
How childhood poverty affected me as an adult Born into a loving but 'broke with a capital B household', Dilvin Yasa recounts the way her childhood has impacted her life as an adult and most importantly, as a mother.
Women make up over two-thirds of Australia's primary carers and 55 per cent of all carers.
When we retire, it's with around half the superannuation of our male counterparts. “Superannuation is a system built for men, by men,” says Pascale Helyar-Moray, CEO of Human Super, a fund designed for women.
Helyar-Moray explains what retiring with 47 per cent less super than men looks like for women: “If ASFA [the superannuation industry peak body] defines a 'comfortable retirement' as $545,000, then women are retiring with just under $290,000. And if a 'modest' retirement is defined as being $24,250 per year, then this means that men can afford to live for 22.5 years - while women can only afford to live for 12 years.
“Considering that women live 5 per cent longer than to men, the harsh and frightening reality is this: Australian women literally cannot afford to live for a portion of their retirement,” she says.
"Superannuation is a system built for men, by men."
In the middle of a housing affordability crisis, government income payments like the Aged Pension are “poverty traps”, according to Anglicare's 2017 Rental Affordability Snapshot. “They are so low that people cannot afford to pay for their most basic needs, but must instead trade them off – rent or food; rent or medical needs; rent or transport to work,” reads the report.
By the time they are 60, 34 per cent of single women in Australia live in poverty.
Considering these factors, it's no surprise that 2017 data acquired from the Salvation Army's Moneycare counselling service shows that casual and part-time workers, carers and pensioners – categories dominated by women – are more likely to seek out financial services now compared to 12 years ago.
Working but still doing it tough: The reality of modern poverty When you think of poor Australians, do you picture highly-qualified academics with three degrees and teaching jobs? In these cases, you should.
Experiencing abuse
Domestic violence can often cause some relationships to break down and negatively impact a woman's finances. According to Our Watch, women are at least three times more likely than men to experience violence from an intimate partner. Escaping an abusive relationship can take a financial toll on women who may need to leave work and find new accommodation.
An RMIT University study found that 16 per cent of women surveyed had experienced financial abuse, another form of domestic violence. “Some women don't even have access to a bank account,” says Kristen Hartnett, a financial counsellor at Salvation Army's MoneyCare. “They lose a skill set and a confidence in managing money.”
They are so low that people cannot afford to pay for their most basic needs, but must instead trade them off – rent or food; rent or medical needs; rent or transport to work
Hartnett also sees financial abuse of some elderly women. Conservative estimates suggest nine per cent of older Australians have experienced financial abuse; most victims of elder abuse are female.
Health and wellbeing are other factors to consider. Hartnett sees clients who engage in labour intensive work like cleaning who can't go back to work because of a workplace injury. “They're forced into retirement a little bit sooner.”
7 things you wanted to know about poverty but didn't want to ask Many of the stereotypes about poverty in Australia don't stand up to scrutiny. SBS Life busts seven popular myths about disadvantage.
When life throws you a curveball
Historically, divorce has also taken a financial toll on women. In 2009, the Australian Institute of Family Studies released a report based on data from the HILDA survey that found that: “Four years after divorce, women experienced a 2.9 per cent increase in income from pre-divorce levels compared to an increase of 12.3 per cent for non-divorced women. For divorced men, income increased by 12.5 per cent.”
Inala (Queensland) resident, Sue, is just one of the growing number of women aged 55 and over who are at risk of homelessness. Sue, who appears in the new series of Struggle Street on SBS, has been divorced for 29 years and suffers from several ailments including osteoarthritis. She relies on a mobility scooter donated by the Salvation Army to get around.
Sue has a fraught relationship with her housemate of six years and is looking for a new place to stay. “My children live in Hervey Bay. I got no family to take me in, I got no one.”
Her only option is public housing, but with 4,000 Brisbane households on the waiting list it could take months before she is offered a place. A private rental is beyond Sue's budget. “I wouldn't eat,” she says. “I wouldn't be able to pay my bills.”
The truth about poverty Many people believe that poverty doesn't exist in Australia. The experts tell SBS otherwise and bust this myth with hard facts and real life experience.
Where to find help
Hartnett would like to see more women take an interest in their finances from early adulthood. She recommends women live within their means and keep an active eye on superannuation.
However, she also recognises that you can't prevent all causes of financial stress: many life events may not be preventable. “Relationships will still break down, and health will still go, and a child can still become disabled. Life throws curve balls that you can't control.”
For anyone experiencing financial hardship, including older women, Hartnett recommends they contact a financial counselling service like MoneyCare. “That allows them to have a plan tailored to their situation.” Every case is individual, she says. “There's not one size fits all answer.”
If you or someone you know are in need support, please call:
Lifeline on 13 11 14.
Salvation Army's MoneyCare on 1800 007 007.
Love the story? Follow the author on Twitter: @nicoheath or Instagram: @nicola_heath.
All six episodes of Struggle Street series two are available to view on SBS On Demand.
Struggle Street series two is produced by KEO Films with funding support from Screen Australia and Film Victoria.
After four long years, an English language, live-action adaptation (in other words, remake) of Koike Kazuo and Goseki Kojima's manga Lone Wolf and Cub: Final Conflict is back from the dead.
The upcoming Lone Wolf and Cub film is being produced by Steven Paul (Tekken: Kazuya's Revenge) of SP International Pictures. “I have been a huge fan of the property for many years and can't tell you how excited I am to have the opportunity to embark on this journey,” Paul told Variety.
So far, no details have emerged regarding potential directors, stars or writers for the project.
Back in 2012, it was reported that Kamala Films had secured the rights to Lone Wolf and Cub: Final Conflict with plans for Fast Five director Justin Lin to tackle the property. David and Janet Peoples were attached to write the script (the duo have films like Blade Runner, Unforgiven, 12 Monkeys to their credit).
In the past, Lone Wolf and Cub was adapted into four stage plays, a TV series, and most popular of all, a samurai film anthology released in the West as Shogun Assassin. Sam Mendes' gangster film, Road to Perdition, was also said to be heavily influenced by Lone Wolf and Cub, according to Novelist Max Allan Collins.
Stay tuned for more updates regarding the Lone Wolf and Cub English language adaptation.
Coach Tom Herman invited me to join him in the locker room after the first football game of the season, University of Houston against Tennessee Tech.
“Locker room? Me? Are you sure?” I had never been inside a locker room so I was surprised, but also curious at the same time. I paused at the door until the voices of alert, “Stay dressed! The president is here,” subsided. I walked in behind the coach.
This was not the locker room scene that I had seen in the movies. There were no high fives, no victory chants, and no hearty embraces. Even though they had just played their hearts out and had won their very first game of the season, all the young student-athletes were crouched calmly on their knees.
Coach walked to the front and stood before the players. His voice was still hoarse from coaching the first game of his head coaching career. I was sure he would start out by saying, “We did it! …yeah! …we won! …now, go out and celebrate!”
Instead everyone bowed their heads as one of the student athletes led a prayer of thanks. Then Coach Herman began, “I am proud of you…you did well today, but now, I want you to think about how blessed you are to be in Houston, a city that supports you. I want you to think how blessed you are to be at the University of Houston, a university that gives you the opportunity to be educated…” Silence settled over the room, and everyone was tuned into the coach.
“…Think how blessed you are to have a brother playing next to you and giving you everything he has got… for you…so that you could do what you need to do…so that you could win,” Coach continued and then paused for few seconds. There were just the murmurs of “Yes sir, yes sir!”
Coach then called out his assistants who, in turn, called out the best performers of the game. Each player stood and received rousing cheers and applause as he walked to the front of the room. Then each one expressed his gratitude for his football brothers who helped him and the coaches who guided him. Many thanked God, and many thanked their families. Everyone seemed to be competing to give credit to others, and there was no “me and my win” attitude in the room.
During the next 15 minutes, I witnessed what is often rare from anyone, let alone from younger people: the courage to show gratitude! Gratitude is a virtue that only the strong can have. A weak person is busy basking in the glory of his success because doing so makes him feel stronger than he is. But a strong person does not have the need to feel strong because he knows the depth of his inner strength. The source of his strength is not external validation, but his own belief. Because he has no need for the credit himself, his natural reaction is to share it liberally with others.
I had heard that a coach is more than a skills instructor; he is a father figure, a leader, a guide and a role model. I witnessed it first hand in the locker room that night.
To my surprise, Coach also called out my name, handed me a football and expressed his gratitude for my support. I was overwhelmed and fumbled for words – but not the football! – though I do recall telling the team that with this kind of attitude, they can take on any Power Five team and even beat them on their home field. Seven days later, they did exactly that in Louisville.
Coach concluded the session by congratulating the team again and said, “Now, go and enjoy with your family, but remember that tomorrow is a work day. We all need to be here, working!”
I cringed slightly at this order because I had planned to take the day off and do nothing. I thought I deserved it after nearly five hours of walking, shaking hands, cheering, and screaming during the game.
The next morning when I woke up, I saw the football resting proudly on my dining table, and it reminded me of a night full of blessings, brotherhood and gratitude. But most of all, it reminded me of the potential that was being unlocked in that locker room. These student athletes will win games on the field, but more importantly, they will win the game of life.
WHITE HALL, Ark. (KTHV) – Some townspeople are on edge after reports of a weapon-wielding clown being spotted in an Arkansas community.
According to White Hall police, there have been three reported sightings of a clown wearing a jumpsuit of sorts and an orange wig.
The first report was made Monday morning around 4 a.m. when passersby told police they saw the alleged clown standing in a wooded area off Edwards Street. Police searched the area, but the clown was not spotted by authorities.
Police said the second report was made later in the evening when someone said a clown knocked on the door of a home. According to Chief Richard Wingard, police, with the help of Pine Bluff officers, were at the home within two minutes, but they did not find the clown in the area.
Another report was made Monday night as the clown is said to have been spotted crossing Jefferson Parkway in front of vehicles.
Chief Wingard said at least one of the reports described the clown as having a machete or an axe in hand.
These reports come after other alleged sightings of clowns trying to lure kids into the woods in areas of South and North Carolina. Children in Maryland reported a similar instance this week as well.
If you have any information on these instances, you're asked to contact police at (870) 247-1414.
The NATO operation in Libya marks the end of the alliance's eastward expansion policy and the beginning of a shift southward, Russia's envoy to the alliance Dmitry Rogozin said on Wednesday.
The NATO operation in Libya marks the end of the alliance's eastward expansion policy and the beginning of a shift southward, Russia's envoy to the alliance Dmitry Rogozin said on Wednesday.
Rogozin met with NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen during a conference on missile defense in London on Wednesday.
"The war in Libya means the end of the process of the alliance's expansion to the east and the beginning of its expansion south," Rogozin said.
Rogozin said NATO "is being drawn into a ground operation" in Libya, and criticized the alliance for its free interpretation of a UN resolution allowing airstrikes in the war-torn country.
"My impression is that the UN Security Coouncil resolution is a slender, harmonious symphony, but NATO's interpretation of it is more like jazz," Rogozin said.
Fourteen of the 28 NATO countries are taking part in operation Unified Protector in Libya, which includes airstrikes, a no-fly zone and naval enforcement of an arms embargo in response to attacks on civilians.
Russia abstained from the Security Council vote authorizing the NATO-led military operation, and has strongly criticized the alliance's handling of the operation.
Mikhail Margelov, who is leading Moscow's mediation efforts in the Libyan conflict as President Dmitry Medvedev's special envoy, said on Monday he would visit Tripoli next week for talks with top government officials.
Buy Photo This vacant Arlington Street building was the site of Crosley Radio Corp. and radio station WLW. An Indianapolis-based company wants to redevelop the property to house 238 market-rate apartments. (Photo: Enquirer file )Buy Photo
Six months after supporting the project, Camp Washington residents remain excited about a proposal from an Indianapolis-based real estate developer to convert the Crosley Building to house 238 apartments. But they're still waiting for it to happen.
Core Redevelopment, which is also planning large building conversions in Pendleton and Walnut Hills, wants to lead a more than $25 million renovation project to add market-rate apartments at the 1333 Arlington St. building.
The Camp Washington Community Council voted in April to support Core Redevelopment's proposal to redevelop the Crosley Building.
"That's something that's really going to change the whole scope of Camp Washington," said Joseph Gorman, executive director of the Camp Washington Business Association.
Core Redevelopment sent a tax abatement request to the city Sept. 1, but the city's Department of Trade and Development requested more information about the project. The city said it is waiting for a completed application from the developer.
A message seeking comment was left Monday with John Watson, managing member of Core Redevelopment.
Gorman said Core is still pursuing the project but the developer is seeking national historic designation for the building and state historic preservation tax credits to support the development. He said the company wants both items to take place before closing a deal to buy the property.
Gorman said the new apartments could be the largest residential development in the neighborhood in several years. He said Core could begin the Camp Washington project next year after it makes progress on other large developments it has ongoing in Cincinnati.
The Crosley brothers built the factory in 1928 to produce radios and appliances and the nearly 300,000-square-foot building opened a couple years later. Renowned Cincinnati architecture firm Samuel Hannaford & Sons designed the building.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Business Report newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Get top business headlines at the start of each day and be alerted of important business news as it happens. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-876-4500. Delivery: Daily Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Business Report Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Initially, the building served as headquarters for the Crosley Radio Corp. and its radio station, WLW. Offices for entrepreneur and inventor Powel Crosley Jr. were on the building's top floors.
David Hosea of Newport-based Hosea Project Movers bought the property in 1998 for $1.8 million, but the building has been vacant since 2006. The building remains an eyesore as a result of graffiti on it and trash being dumped nearby. C W Development LLC of Newport, an affiliate of the Hosea company, now owns the Crosley Building.■
Staff writer Cliff Radel contributed.
Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/1tFuqt2
„Standing in the kitchen, facing Mister Sun, was a tall woman with very wide eyes. Lying in the kitchen, also facing Mister Sun, was his client, also with very wide eyes, and in addition sporting a superb Chinese chef's knife in his head.” (S. 18)
Die Sachlage verkomplizierte natürlich den Auftrag von Mister Sun. Zugegeben, sein Auftraggeber war ein gehöriger Kotzbrocken, aber das hatte sich ja nun erledigt. Technisch betrachtet müsste er sich eigentlich um nichts mehr kümmern, wäre da nicht sein eigentliches Ziel, das ihn mit leichter Panik in der Stimme um Hilfe gebeten hatte. Mister Sun war kein Killer. Mister Sun entsorgte professionell Leichen und würde nun improvisieren müssen. Mister Sun war gut im Improvisieren.
Was folgt, ist ein bizarres und makabres Kammerspiel. Mister Sun, Protagonist in Warren Ellis' Kurzgeschichte Dead Pig Collector, macht sich an die Arbeit und entsorgt, unter zunehmend faszinierterer Beobachtung von Amanda, die Leiche seines vormaligen Klienten. Fachmännisch, mit geübten und handwerklich geschulten Handgriffen. Dabei kommt er mit Amanda ins Gespräch, führt sie in seine Kunst ein und erklärt ihr die Arbeitsschritte.
„‘So, why have we drained all the blood out of the bastard?” Amanda asked. Mister Sun had torn one of his heavy-duty sacks off the roll and was shaking it open. ‘Because it's going to make it much easier and cleaner to joint him.' Amanda just looked at him. ‘I wouldn't have expected that.'” (S. 44)
Innerhalb der wenigen Seiten, die Ellis für seine Erzählung benötigt, entspannt sich eine feine Beziehung zwischen Sun und Amanda, die trotz der grotesken Begleitumstände fast so etwas wie Nähe aufkommen lässt. Für Amanda scheint sich durch den brachialen Tod ihres früheren – und abservierten – Liebhabers ein Ausweg aus einem langweiligen kalifornischen Oberklasseleben aufzutun, und auch Suns Alltag ist geprägt von Routinen, wenn auch nicht im Sinne eines klassischen Neun-bis-Fünf-Jobs.
Entspannt sich also eine Liebesgeschichte, ein Bonnie-und-Clyde-Abenteuer? Die Bausteine dafür sind jedenfalls vorhanden. Doch immer, wenn sich das Menschliche in den Vordergrund zu rücken versucht, drückt es Ellis mit staubtrocken eingeflochtenen Details wieder zurück und erinnert daran, dass Sun und Amanda gerade eine Leiche zerstückeln.
Das führt zu morbiden, teilweise krassen Gegensätzen, deren Bildlichkeit nichts für Zartbesaitete ist. Sprachlich bleibt sich Ellis treu, ohne dabei in die Derbheit von Crooked Little Vain oder Transmetropolitan zu wechseln. Vielmehr bildet der elaborierte Umgang, den Sun und Amanda pflegen, einen überzeugenden Kontrast zur plastisch (aber nie voyeuristisch) geschilderten Handlung, der die Erzählung davor rettet, in Richtung Pulp abzudriften. Dead Pig Collector ist eine finstere und zugleich urkomische Kurzgeschichte; eine makabre Parabel auf den aussichtslosen Kampf gegen den Alltagstrott – und Warren Ellis in Bestform.
Warren Ellis: Dead Pig Collector
New York City: Farrar, Straus and Giroux 2013
29 Seiten (printäquivalent), E-Book
ab 0,99 €
The sharp arguments are a testament to the central role that social framework analysis has come to play in scores of major employment discrimination cases. Describing what was at stake in such cases, a 2009 article in The Fordham Law Review defending Professor Bielby said the debate was “about the existence of unconscious or implicit bias, the continued seriousness of discrimination as a force in the modern workplace and the appropriate reach of legal remedies to challenge discrimination.”
The Supreme Court is not considering whether Wal-Mart, the country's largest retailer and biggest private employer, in fact discriminated against women who worked there. For now, the question before the justices in the case, Wal-Mart Stores v. Dukes, No. 10-277, is only whether hundreds of thousands of female workers have enough in common to join together in a single suit.
To make that case, the plaintiffs submitted 120 sworn statements describing what they said was anecdotal evidence of discrimination. They also offered statistics showing what they said were suspicious gaps in pay and promotion between men and women.
Wal-Mart disputes the plaintiffs' evidence as unrepresentative and unreliable. But even if all of it were established fact, anecdotes and statistics would not be enough. Supreme Court precedent also requires lawyers pursuing a class action to identify the common policy that they say led to unlawful discrimination.
For that, the lawyers for the plaintiffs in the Wal-Mart case turned to Professor Bielby, who teaches at the University of Illinois at Chicago and has testified in scores of similar cases.
Social framework analysis gives courts general information — a framework — drawn from social science. Testimony about the reliability of eyewitness identification can, for instance, serve a valuable role in cases in which prosecutors seek to rely on such evidence.
Professor Bielby, who declined a request for an interview, told the trial court that he had collected general “scientific evidence about gender bias, stereotypes and the structure and dynamics of gender inequality in organizations.” He said he also reviewed extensive litigation materials gathered by the lawyers in the case.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
He concluded that two aspects of Wal-Mart's corporate culture might be to blame for pay and other disparities. One was a centralized personnel policy. The other was allowing subjective decisions by managers in the field. Together, he said, those factors allowed stereotypes to infect personnel choices, making “decisions about compensation and promotion vulnerable to gender bias.”
Photo
The methodology he used, Professor Bielby explained, was social framework analysis. He cited the seminal work of the two law professors at the University of Virginia, Professors Walker and John Monahan, in the first of 123 footnotes in his 41-page sworn declaration in the case.
But Professors Walker and Monahan contend in their academic writing that Professor Bielby has misused social framework analysis. It is fine, they say, to give courts general information about social science research. But it is improper, they continue, to draw conclusions about the matter in dispute without conducting first-hand research.
“This is a case about a missing link,” Professor Walker said of the Wal-Mart litigation. “You can make the link, if you do the research. But what's holding this class together is — nothing.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
That position, also set out in a 2008 article in The Virginia Law Review by Professors Walker, Monahan and Gregory Mitchell, has prompted sharp responses.
The Fordham article, by Professors Melissa Hart and Paul M. Secunda, said that Professors Walker and Monahan “seem to suggest that their coining of this phrase gives them a unique right to define the terms and content of expert testimony offered in employment discrimination cases.”
Professors Hart and Secunda added that the third author of the Virginia article, Professor Mitchell, is affiliated with a firm that has provided expert witness services to defendants in employment discrimination suits.
Professor Mitchell said in an e-mail that he was “against bad science whether offered by plaintiffs or defendants” and that his firm's work “has been for defendants in employment cases because ‘social framework analysis' has become so popular among the experts used by plaintiffs.”
He added that if his academic critique of social framework analysis was accepted by the Supreme Court, “then the likelihood of me being asked to testify against bad social science experts will go down.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“And I would welcome that development,” he said.
For their parts, Professor Walker said that he and Professor Monahan “don't have a dog in this hunt,” adding that “we're working purely on keeping the methodology proper.”
Laura Beth Nielsen, a sociologist and lawyer who worked on the American Sociological Association's brief defending Professor Bielby, said “it is tremendously important that jurors and judges understand what we know about the world.” But, she added, “you have to be cautious.”
In the Virginia Law Review article, Professor Walker and his colleagues said Professor Bielby had been far from cautious. In particular, they said, “Dr. Bielby's report provides no verifiable method for measuring or testing any of the variables that were crucial to his conclusions.”
At his deposition in 2003, Professor Bielby was asked “how regularly stereotypes play a meaningful role in employment decisions at Wal-Mart.”
“I can't put a number on it,” he replied.
Asked whether he could give any guidance in “a range between, you know, .5 percent of the employment decisions and 99.5 percent,” he said no.
Should the Supreme Court allow social framework evidence like that presented by Professor Bielby, many large employers could be vulnerable to class-action claims, Professor Walker said. “If this is enough,” Professor Walker said of Professor Bielby's declaration, “this opinion is perfectly transportable.”
In a brief supporting Wal-Mart, lawyers for Costco agreed. Certifying a class in the Wal-Mart case, they said, would mean that “employers with decentralized business models will have few avenues available to escape a Bielby-enabled certification order, other than resorting to surreptitious quotas.”
The Supreme Court agreed Monday to decide whether Congress may take works out of the public domain and grant them copyright status.
A federal appeals panel, reversing a lower court, ruled in July against a group of orchestra conductors, educators, performers, publishers, film archivists and motion picture distributors who have relied on artistic works in the public domain for their livelihoods. The 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals set aside arguments that their First Amendment rights were breached because they could no longer exploit the works without paying royalties.
For a variety of reasons, the works at issue, which are foreign and were produced decades ago, became part of the public domain in the United States but were still copyrighted overseas. In 1994, Congress adopted legislation to move the works back into copyright, so U.S. policy would comport with an international copyright treaty known as the Berne Convention.
Some of the works at issue include:
The government argued that Congress adopted what was known as "Section 514" for its "indisputable compliance" with the convention and to remedy "historic inequities of foreign authors who lost or never obtained copyrights in the United States."
"In other words, the United States needed to impose the same burden on American reliance parties that it sought to impose on foreign reliance parties. Thus, the benefit that the government sought to provide to American authors is congruent with the burden that Section 514 imposes on reliance parties. The burdens on speech are therefore directly focused to the harms that the government sought to alleviate," the appeals court wrote.
Anthony Falzone, executive director of the Fair Use Project and Stanford University and a plaintiff's lawyer in the case, urged the justices to take the case.
"The point of copyright protection is to encourage people to create things that will ultimately belong to the public. While the scope and duration of copyright protection has changed over time, one aspect of the copyright system has remained consistent: once a work is placed in the public domain, it belongs to the public, and remains the property of the public – free for anyone to use for any purpose," he wrote in a blog post.
Here are links to the court record in the case.
See Also:
CBSNEWS - Authorities say a man has been arrested on suspicion of making criminal threats after customers of a sushi restaurant say he threw a large python at them.
Employees of the Studio City eatery told CBS Los Angeles the man had shown the 13-foot-long reptile to kids outside of the restaurant Sunday night moments before it was thrown at customers.
They say it all started after he ate and paid for his $200 meal.
Employees say he first showed a smaller snake to customers who then told him to take it out. That's when they claim he got mad and returned with a larger snake.
Waitresses allege that the man came in yelling obscenities and then threw the snake down.
"Get this thing out! You know, everyone's like eating so customers are yelling, 'Get this thing out! Are you crazy,' " said Jessie Davaadorj, a waitress.
Some customers ran out, terrified.
"We asked him like three or four times and he said, 'no.' He was like starting fights with the customers so we had to call the police and fire department," said Sissi Dashtort, another waitress.
The snake tried to slither away, but got stuck. Animal Control eventually freed it and took it away. Police say the man was then arrested.
Waitresses say they've served all sorts of customers, but nothing like this.
"He was the only customer who brought a giant snake," Dashtort said.
Though many people were shocked, no one was apparently hurt.
© 2016 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Kerdiles, 23 (1/11/94), made his NHL debut on Feb. 22 vs. Boston, becoming the first player from Orange County (born or raised) to play for the Anaheim Ducks. At the 2012 NHL Draft in Pittsburgh, Kerdiles became the first Ducks draft pick that was raised in Orange County (Irvine, Calif.) after being selected in the second round (36th overall). He has yet to appear in the Stanley Cup Playoffs.
The 6-2, 192-pound forward recorded 3-3=6 points in five games during San Diego's 2017 First Round win over the Ontario Reign, ranking tied for second in the AHL in scoring and tied for fourth in goals. In 27 regular-season games with the Gulls, Kerdiles earned 7-8=15 points with a +1 rating and 25 penalty minutes (PIM).
Kerdiles has collected 32-40=72 points with 140 PIM in 129 career AHL games with San Diego (2015-17) and Norfolk (2013-15). He made his Calder Cup Playoff debut in 2014 with Norfolk and has since registered 6-4=10 points with six PIM in 15 career AHL playoff games.
Every winter since 1973, an A-list of conservative and libertarian interest groups has gathered for CPAC, as the conference is known, to hear luminaries like Ronald Reagan and Glenn Beck and to plan strategies for cutting government, strengthening defense and protecting traditional values. The meeting attracts throngs of young people who greet favored leaders as if they were rock stars, and its annual straw poll can give a boost to future national candidates.
It was at CPAC, in 1994, that Paula Jones first publicized her accusation that Bill Clinton had sexually harassed her while he was governor of Arkansas .
Planners expect some 10,000 people to attend this year's conclave.
Long-simmering tensions concerning the importance of family issues erupted a year ago when the American Conservative Union, the organizer of the event, allowed GOProud to take an active role as one of dozens of co-sponsors. The dispute boiled over as preparations began for next month's meeting, sharply splitting the union's board of directors.
Photo
GOProud, founded in 2009, claims to have 10,000 members and holds conservative views on taxes , gun control and national security, although it favored repeal of the military's “ don't ask, don't tell ” policy. And while it does not formally endorse same-sex marriage, it opposes any federal standard as well as the federal Defense of Marriage Act, a sacred text for social conservatives.
The clash reflects a fissure within conservative circles that deepened with the rise of the religious right in the 1980s, pitting those with a libertarian bent, who are most concerned with limiting government, against those, mainly led by evangelical Christians, who see same-sex marriage and abortion as acid tests.
A host of large and small church-based groups is boycotting the conference because of GOProud's role. Its status was also cited by some secular groups, including the Heritage Foundation and the Media Research Center, when they dropped out this year.
Similar differences may bubble up as Republicans vie for the presidential nomination, although nearly all the hopefuls say they oppose same-sex marriage and abortion. Many of the likely candidates, including self-identified evangelicals like Tim Pawlenty , the former governor of Minnesota , and Rick Santorum , the former senator from Pennsylvania , have steered clear of the dispute and are speaking at the conference next month.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But Mr. DeMint, who attended last year, has refused an invitation this year. “With leading conservative organizations not participating this year, Senator DeMint will not be attending,” his spokesman, Wesley Denton, said in an e-mail. “He hopes to attend a unified CPAC next year.”
Former Gov. Sarah Palin of Alaska has not responded to an invitation to speak. Mike Huckabee , the former Arkansas governor, has in the past criticized CPAC for being too “libertarian.” He declined to comment for this article but will also not attend. The Tea Party movement has focused on fiscal rather than social concerns, and several of its leaders, including Representative Michele Bachmann of Minnesota and Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky , are scheduled to speak at the conference.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
David A. Keene, the longtime chairman of the American Conservative Union and its annual conference, said that the conservative movement's different strands had always argued but had come together when they needed to.
“We try to give an umbrella for all the groups that are legitimately conservative on most issues,” Mr. Keene said. This year's conference has more co-sponsors and vendors attending than ever, he said, about 130 of them. The label for those making contributions and aiding in planning was changed this year from co-sponsor to “participating organization,” but their status remains the same.
Mr. Keene, in remarks that could further inflame his opponents, said that he would not oppose participation by a group that shared conservative views on free enterprise and defense but favored abortion rights. When the first CPAC meetings were held in the 1970s, he said, many conservatives supported abortion rights, in the tradition of Barry Goldwater.
Photo
“We figure that the debates and the discussions of issues are worthwhile,” he said, up to a point. He added, “If you're for socializing the country or stripping our national defense, you're probably not a conservative.”
Mickey Edwards, a former Republican congressman from Oklahoma and former chairman of the Conservative Union, has urged conservatives to steer clear of prescribing personal behavior. “I've been proud of David Keene for not letting them hijack the conservative movement, making the definition of conservatism narrower and narrower,” he said. “If independents are driven away, conservatives aren't going to win elections.”
But Cleta Mitchell, a Republican lawyer on the union's board who opposes the inclusion of GOProud, said that Defense of Marriage was “not an issue for debate, but a fundamental principle.” She said the fight would resume before next year's conference.
GOProud was founded by Christopher R. Barron, a public relations consultant, and Jimmy LaSalvia, now its executive director, to “give a voice to gay conservatives.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. LaSalvia said the group, which is financed by private donors, consistently opposes federal interference on matters that should be left to states and localities. He noted that some prominent conservatives share this philosophy and had opposed the “don't ask, don't tell” policy, for example, without being attacked.
“The reason the boycotters applied a litmus test to us is because we were born gay,” he said.
Tony Perkins, president of the Family Research Council, described GOProud as trying to “force public affirmation of homosexual conduct.” His organization quietly stopped attending CPAC a few years ago, he said, because it allowed participants with nonconservative values. But recently, he publicly castigated the conference for the GOProud decision in particular.
The decision by the Heritage Foundation, the conservative policy group, to drop out of CPAC surprised some. “GOProud was one element in the decision,” said James Weidman, a foundation spokesman.
The most prominent evangelical group to remain is Focus on the Family, which said it would reconsider its participation next year if CPAC continued to allow GOProud to participate in the planning.
Mr. Keene is scheduled to step down as chairman of the Conservative Union in April to become president of the National Rifle Association , and his critics are hoping that his successor will draw a tighter circle.
But Mr. Barron, the GOProud chairman, said he was confident that the Conservative Union would not reverse course. “I think 10 years from now,” he said, “people will forget there was ever a discussion over whether a truly conservative gay group should participate.”
Radio host and Fox News anchor Sean Hannity apologized on Tuesday after sharing a fabricated news story about the first family walking back their support for Hillary Clinton.
Drawing on fake news reports from fringe websites including Your Newswire, Red State Watcher and News Ninja 2012, Hannity asked on his radio show whether Michelle Obama deleted her tweets promoting Clinton's campaign.
According to CNN, this invented story about the first lady originated on “Your Newswire” but was soon picked up by other outlets and boosted on Twitter by supporters of Donald Trump. By the time Hannity got to it, the online rumor mill was also claiming that President Barack Obama and Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) deleted all their tweets mentioning the former secretary of state.
On his show, Hannity first asked his producer whether she'd looked into the veracity of the claims about Michelle Obama, and then brought it up again later in the episode.
A female voice broke into his report to claim, “Barack Obama and Elizabeth Warren have both unfollowed Hillary Clinton, and scrubbing their timeline of tweets about her.”
“Wow,” Hannity responded. “That means they know it's huge. You know why? Because Obama's implicated! He's implicated here, and he's pissed. You know what his legacy might be? Jail.”
Recent tweets from the president include one praising Clinton as someone who will “be a POTUS for all Americans.”
After CNN's Brian Stelter reported on the false news story, Hannity sent out two tweets saying he “humbly” apologized for promoting it.
Correction. Live on radio I read a gateway pundit report that @MichelleObama had deleted mentions of HRC. And a listener said BHO and… — Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) November 1, 2016
Elizabeth Warren did same. Fact is they didn't. I humbly apologize. Live radio — Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) November 1, 2016
He also sent Stelter this explanation: “I received an e-mail LIVE ON THE AIR that linked a Gateway Pundit article. I questioned the accuracy of it on the air. I asked my producer on the air if it was true. She said it was. I also received a listener IM saying that they saw the same. Then THE listener mentioned that there was a report about the other 2.”
“Bottom line it was brought up in an insignificant way,” he continued. “I was dealing with more important issues like HRC crimes and lies and how CNN has been colluding with the Clinton campaign and CHEATING Bernie Sanders.”
Finland expects to expel around 20,000 of the 32,000 asylum seekers it received in 2015, the country's interior ministry said on January 28, 2016. (AFP/Jussi Nukari)
Follow > Disable alert for Pekka Annala Disable alert for Juha Sipilä Follow >
Police are investigating after three petrol bombs were thrown at the entrance of an asylum-seeker reception centre in central Finland.
Around 80 people were inside the building at the time, half of them children. They all escaped injury, but the building, in Petäjävesi, suffered smoke damage.
A man has reportedly been arrested.
“This is once a again terrible incident. It is also very sad. I condemn this kind of behaviour and I hope that everybody else will do the same,” said Pekka Annala, the centre's executive manager.
“This kind of attacks are beyond comprehension. To attack a place where families with children are staying. What have these people done? Nothing. This kind of behaviour must stop.”
Thirty-two-thousand asylum seekers arrived in Finland last year.
Prime Minister Juha Sipilä had proposed opening up his second home to refugee families. But that offer has since been withdrawn, after what's described as a “security reevaluation.”
File photo of Asaram Bapu outside Jodhpur court
Spiritual leader Asaram Bapu, accused of sexually assaulting a school girl, will stay in a jail in Jodhpur for now.A local court extended his custody by 14 days. The 75-year-old guru was arrested on September 2.In court, his lawyer Ram Jethmalani argued that the 16-year-old who says the religious preacher attacked her at his ashram in Jodhpur is mentally unfit. The prosecution said Mr Jethmalani, one of the country's most eminent advocates, offered no evidence to back his claim."He said the girl is medically unfit and that the warden had recommended that she be sent for treatment, but we have records to prove the girl is fit," said public prosecutor Anand Purohit.Mr Jethmalani also questioned the victim's claims that she was a minor.The girl and her family have accused the preacher of threatening to hurt them if they reported the alleged assault to the police.The victim's father has also alleged death threats from the spiritual guru's followers. Alleged phone recordings of the threats will be produced in court on Wednesday as grounds to deny Asaram bail. Asaram's son, Narayan Sai, had said last month that the teen complainant was mentally unsound. The guru's aides have told the police that on August 15, he spent an hour alone with her after telling her parents that he would exorcize evil spirits that had possessed her.
Almost a third (31 per cent) of 18-25 year-olds have had a sexual encounter with someone they met through an app or social networking site
A new survey has revealed shocking statistics that show the damage so-called hook-up apps may be having on the sex lives of young Brits.
Apps like Tinder and Grindr are geo-social networking applications supposedly geared towards finding a lover or relationship.
But many users reveal they have the apps - and traditional social networking sites like Facebook - just to find instant sex partners.
Almost a third (31 per cent) of 18-25 year-old's who responded to the questionnaire admitted having a sexual encounter with someone they met through an app or social networking site.
On average, a young person who used one of these apps had three of these encounters.
The most unrestrained admitted having up to 80 sexual partners this way.
Londoners are the most promiscuous; nearly 40 per cent of young people living in the capital admitted to the having sex with someone they met on social media.
Scots are the most reserved, with less than half as many young adults (17 per cent) opting 'yes' when it comes to having a hook-up north of the border.
But while young people are finding it a lot easier to access sexual partners, it appears to be making them worse in bed.
Respondents were asked to rate their experience between the sheets, and compare it against sex with a frequent partner.
The hook-up partner scored lower across the board on duration, excitement, comfort and overall satisfaction.
And the decline in quality has resulted in almost half (47 per cent) of 18-25 year old females admitting that they fake orgasms.
Conversely, one in four 40-50 year olds, who have grown up without the instant sex apps, boasted that they were able to experiment with their partner more than when they were younger and their sex has got better as they've got older.
Put down the phone, pick up some roses, and ask that friend or colleague you fancy for a traditional date
A spokesperson for intimate toy retailer Bondara, who commissioned the research, said: 'From UK festivals to far-flung foreign lands, it is now possible to arrange an illicit liaison through a smartphone.
'However, while hookup apps such as Tindr, Grindr, Bendr and 3ndr are increasing the quantity of sexual experiences, the quality is suffering. For many people there are huge benefits to fleeting, no-strings-attached encounters - but great sex is seldom one of them.
'If you are looking for the most pleasurable experience possible, you should put down the phone, pick up some roses, and ask that friend or colleague you fancy for a traditional date.'
On the West Coast of the United States lives reality princess Kim Kardashian. She is known for her rather revealing E! reality shows and her highly publicized relationship with rapper Kanye West. On the East Coast lives classical violist Kim Kashkashian, who just won her first Grammy for Best Classical Instrumental Solo. What do these two women have in common? Not much… besides similar names.
On Sunday, confusion engulfed the Internet as music fans read that Kim Kashkashian had won a Grammy. Many people's first thoughts were: “Did the Grammy website spell Kim's name wrong? Oh wait… Kim's not a musician. How can this be true?” But it wasn't a spelling error, and this isn't the first time that Kim Kashkashian has been mistaken for Kim Kardashian.
RELATED: Kim Kashkashian Wins a Grammy
“Name-wise, it happens all the time,” Kashkashian tells Hollywood.com exclusively. “People actually realize that I'm not that person, but they look at my credit card at a store and say, ‘Oh, you're not Kim Kardashian, are you?' It's been happening for years.”
And while Kashkashian has dealt with the name confusion “for years,” it wasn't until Monday that she actually saw a picture of the reality starlet for the first time. “I don't think I would ever get confused in real life with her because, let me see, how can I put this and be very kind to both of us? I'm probably more than twice her age and I'm not in that kind of good shape,” Kashkashian said. “And I don't have that kind of look. I'm a middle-aged mother and a classical musician.”
Kashkashian has admitedly never watched a reality show in her life, but she still thinks that she could learn a thing or two from the E! star. “I bet you we both could learn a lot from each other,” she says. “I could take some fashion advice from her, I suppose.”
RELATED: Kim Kardashian's Divorce Drama Drags On
Also unlike Kardashian, Kashkashian doesn't worry about cameras following her every move. Instead, she focuses on her career as a teacher at the New England Conservatory of Music in Boston, Mass. Kashkashian is so dedicated to her job that she even skipped the Grammy Awards Sunday to attend one of her student's graduations. “One of my students had her graduation recital, so I definitely had to be here,” she says. “I had to do that. It was her big night, so I felt like I had to be here for her.”
Kashkashian views her Grammy win not as just a personal accomplishment, but as a victory for all musicians who play the viola. “[My win] might help violists in general to have more visibility,” she says. “Just to have that acknowlement and that visibility for composers and an instrument that usually doesn't get that public recognition; it's a good thing.”
RELATED: 23 Kardashian Diet Covers: How the Kardashians Lost 388 Pounds
Kashkashian is proof that you don't need a reality TV show to gain fame or validate your success; she has found a meaningful path instructing young musicians to develop and culture their talents. Kashkashian has one message for her students and other young musicians who hope to one day win a Grammy, too: “Stay clear. Stay honest. Stick with your fantasy. Follow your dreams. Follow your heart. Work hard.”
And if Kashkashian was one day to venture out and get a reality show of her own, she says the show would be all about music. “You would see a lot of music being practiced, rehearsals for concerts, and also a look at the headquarters of Music for Food Boston (an initiative started in Boston by musicians to fight hunger),” she says. “We are new, and are doing everything from making flyers to cooking for receptions to scheduling next year's events.” Kashkashian adds, “Kim Kardashian and I may have no history in common, but I invite her to support Music for Food Boston.”
Follow Lindsey on Twitter @LDiMat.
[Photo Credit: Claire Stefani]
From Our Partners:
40 Hottest Celeb Twitpics of the Month (Vh1)
‘Sports Illustrated' Swimsuit Issue: A Visual History (Celebuzz)
Venus vs. Mars: A Record-Setting Gender Gap?
2016 could see the largest political divide between men and women in the exit poll era
Geoffrey Skelley, Associate Editor, Sabato's Crystal Ball
With four months to go in the 2016 general election campaign, national polls suggest that it's quite possible that the Hillary Clinton-Donald Trump clash may well set a new record for partisan differences between the sexes. Since Clinton effectively sewed up the Democratic nomination on June 7, the average gender gap in 22 national polls is 24.4 points and the median gap is 26 points, slightly ahead of the exit poll era record set in 2000, as shown in Table 1 below. This sample only included poll results for questions asking respondents about just Clinton and Trump, thus excluding those that asked the horse race question with Libertarian Gary Johnson and/or presumptive Green Party nominee Jill Stein included. This choice largely reflects the fact that early polls tend to overstate the performance of third-party or independent candidates, which in turn affects the major party candidates' totals.
Table 1: Potential record-setting gender gap in 2016
Notes: *Mean gender gap in 22 national surveys taken since June 7 based on responses to head-to-head Clinton-versus-Trump questions. Polls from the following are included: ABC News/Washington Post, American Research Group, CBS News, CNBC, CNN/ORC, Fox News, IBD/TIPP, Monmouth University, Morning Consult, NBC News/SurveyMonkey, NBC News/Wall Street Journal, Public Policy Polling, Quinnipiac University, Rasmussen Reports, and USA Today/Suffolk University. Special thanks to CNBC, Rasmussen, and SurveyMonkey for responding to requests for crosstab data. Other national polls taken since June 7 are not included due to lack of gender crosstab data or because they did not include a Clinton-versus-Trump head-to-head question (i.e. the horse race questions named Johnson and/or Stein in the question).
Overall, 16 of the 22 surveys found the gap to be 20 or more points, which is notable simply because the 2000 election was the only cycle where the national exit poll found at least a 20-point gap. On the low end, a June 15-20 Morning Consult poll found the divide at just eight points. In fact, Morning Consult's polls have routinely found a noticeably smaller gender gap than other pollsters, releasing four of the six post-June 7 polls with a gender gap smaller than 20 points. On the high end, a June 17-20 American Research Group survey showed a 44-point gap in gender voting intentions. The ARG poll tied for the largest lead for Trump among men in any poll (14 points) and it had the largest lead for Clinton among women (30 points), thus the huge (and likely exaggerated) chasm. This large disparity in gender gaps is just one more reason to look at polling averages and medians rather than one poll at a time.
The gender gap is nothing new
The gender gap has long been an electoral reality in American politics, whether in presidential races or down-ballot. In most elections, men tend to vote more Republican and women tend to vote more Democratic. Based on the national exit polls, there has been a notable divide in how men and women vote in every presidential election going back to 1980, when Ronald Reagan helped convert a significant segment of men, but not women, to the Republican Party. In fact, outside of 1992, every contest since 1980 has featured a gap of at least 10 percentage points. The all-time record in the exit poll era (1972-present) is 22 points, observed in the 2000 election cycle, when Al Gore won women by 11 points and George W. Bush won men by 11 points. Table 2 below shows partisan gender voting data in the exit poll era.
Table 2: Gender vote in presidential elections, exit polls 1972-present
There are always questions about what causes the gender gap. Fundamentally, ideological and policy differences explain it to some degree, with women generally favoring more government intervention in areas such as health care. For instance, an April poll by Pew found that more women (41%) than men (36%) thought the Affordable Care Act has had a “mostly positive” effect on the country. Women also tend to favor more liberal immigration policies. A June The Economist/YouGov survey showed that 49% of women believed that illegal immigrants should be allowed to stay in the county and eventually apply for citizenship, versus just 41% of men. These are just two examples of issue areas where women and men demonstrate notable differences in their views.
But these existing divides appear to be exacerbated by the two major-party standard bearers in 2016. Clinton is the first woman to win a major-party nomination, and given the power of identity politics, it's not hard to imagine her winning over at least some women because of that status. At the same time, she's had trouble with male voters, even in the Democratic primary: In the 27 states with entrance or exit polling for primaries and caucuses, Clinton did worse among men than women in every single Democratic contest versus Bernie Sanders, with a median performance of 11 points worse. Meanwhile, Trump has a history of misogynistic remarks that hurts him with women voters. And his appeal to blue-collar white voters may particularly boost him among men but at the expense of women in that racial demographic: The most recent Quinnipiac poll showed Trump winning handily among white men but actually trailing among white women. The only Republican in the exit poll era to lose among white women was Bob Dole in 1996, when he faced Bill Clinton.
All in all, we could see the largest gender gap in the modern history of U.S. presidential elections in November. Should that happen, never before will Venus have been quite so far away from Mars.
Depending on how long you've been following the Federal Government's attempts to interfere with common sense and the internet in Australia, you may or may not recall that there was once a plan to filter the internet based on a mysterious government blocklist that was ripe for abuse. Consumer group CHOICE recalls the filter, and says that the government's site blocking proposals to combat piracy are an attempt to re-introduce the controversial filtering plan.
The government today outlined how it would like ISPs and rights holders to develop a plan that would cut down on piracy, including how a three-strikes scheme would work and who would pay for it. If the industry doesn't develop a plan within 120 days, the government will force one on it. In the meantime, the government has pledged to "amend" the Copyright Act to allow rights holders to exact legal relief from infringers if they're caught exceeding a certain number of warnings.
Those amendments would also allow rights holders to apply to a court to have websites hosted outside of Australia distributing pirated material blocked at a local ISP level. This proposal in particular has CHOICE's back up.
CHOICE's CEO, Alan Kirkland, says that the plan would create "an industry-run internet filter to block ‘offending' websites".
"We know that internet filters don't work. This approach has been called ineffective and disproportionate by courts overseas, and it risks raising internet costs for everyone," he said, adding that the right way to combat piracy is to fix availability and lower prices for consumers to a palatable figure.
What do you think of the anti-piracy plan? Tell us in the comments.
Gollancz announced today that they have acquired a two-volume Space Opera from award-winning author (and A Dribble of Ink–favourite) Elizabeth Bear. The first volume is titled Ancestral Night.
“I'm thrilled to be writing long-form SF again,” Bear told me when I reached out to her to find out more about the novels.
“I've been looking for the opportunity to get back into science fiction for some time,” she continued. “Ancestral Night is in its own mode, but deeply beholden to the work of Iain Banks, Andre Norton, and C. J. Cherryh. Expect sprawling conflicts, politics, and ancient alien technologies, all wrapped up in a package of gritty, grounded personal drama.”
Details are scant at the moment, but the Gollancz announcement about the acquisition contained an early peek at what readers can expect.
Combining a unique concept with a compelling plot, Elizabeth Bear's novels imagine the invention of The White Drive: an easy, nonrelativistic means of travel across unimaginable distances. The gripping story follows salvage operators, Haimey Dz and her partner Connla Kurucz, as they pilot their tiny ship into the scars left by unsuccessful White Transitions, searching for the relics of lost human – and alien – vessels.
“We're always looking for exciting new voices in SF,” said Simon Spanton, Associate Publisher at Gollancz, “Sometimes that voice is already there but hasn't broken through in a particular market. Elizabeth's novels have always fizzed with ideas, passion and character. The chance to publish a new SF novel from her and welcome her to Gollancz is one I absolutely relish.”
Ancestral Night is currently scheduled for a late 2016 release.
Monday January 4 marked the 30th anniversary of Phil Lynott, frontman of Thin Lizzy and the most charismatic rock star Ireland has ever produced and tributes have been paid by former band members, friends and fans.
Long time Lizzy guitarist Scott Gorham, who now plays with Black Star Riders, posted on Facebook that Lynott was “Still in the hearts of all of us”.
He wrote: “Thirty years ago today we lost the LEGEND that is Phil Lynott. Still in the hearts of all of us, let's remember what Phil brought to the world through his music and lyrics and the many great memories of the man himself onstage."
Phil, who died at age of 36 on January 4, 1986, lead Thin Lizzy to international success with such hits as Whiskey in The Jar and The Boys are Back in Town. The band is an avowed influence on the likes of Metallica and Smashing Pumpkins, who often employed Lizzy's brilliant twin-guitar attack.
Phil Lynott, the Dublin rock star who is 30 years dead today - pictured in Crumlin as young boy. pic.twitter.com/Xc1fYvuapC — Photos of Dublin (@PhotosOfDublin) January 4, 2016
Phil was born in West Bromwich in the UK but grew up in the Dublin suburb of Crumlin. He fronted bands such as Skid Row with the late guitarist Gary Moore and formed Thin Lizzy in 1969.
Towards the end of the 1970s, Lynott embarked upon a solo career with the album Solo in Soho, which included hit singles Dear Miss Lonelyhearts and King's Call. He also has solo hits with Old Town and Yellow Pearl.
Phil's final years were marred by drug and alcohol dependency and he collapsed at his home in Kew, London on Christmas Day, 1985. He was suffering from septicaemia and died of pneumonia and heart failure on January 4, 1986.
His funeral at the Church of The Assumption in Howth, Dublin on January 11 was attended by Phil's wife Caroline and their daughters Cathleen and Sarah, his father in law, British TV presenter Leslie Crowther, Fianna Fail leader CJ Haughey, Bob Geldof and members of U2 (click on the video to see the RTÉ report from 1986).
Phil Lynott on @rte Late Late Show 1984 via RT @RTEArchives Watch more https://t.co/AxgDdDyNAS — RTÉ (@rte) January 4, 2016
The annual Vibe for Philo gig takes place in Dublin's Vicar Street tonight and is sold out. This year the line-up includes Thin Lizzy members Eric Bell and Brian Downey, The Hoodoos, Dublin jazz folk act Mongoose, and singer/songwriter Fiach Moriarty.
Phil on the set of RTÉ's Me and My Music in 1976. RTÉ archives
Phil in 1972. RTÉ archives
The Phil Lynott statue on Dublin's Harry Street. Pic: John Cooney
Phil on stage in 1973, the year of Thin Lizzy's breakthrough hit Whiskey in The Jar. RTÉ archives
Philomena Lynott at home in Howth in 1995. Photo credit: John Cooney
Phil's grave in St Fintan's cemetery in Sutton, Co Dublin. Pic: John Cooney
Click on the audio link to hear Dave Fanning talk to Phil in a Rock Show interview from 1984 in which Phil talks about his early days with his first band The Black Eagles and Orphanage.
For an updated, comprehensive look at Demolition Health Hazards and Waste (including water) Read: Deconstruction vs. Demolition: Portland, Oregon's Potential for Groundbreaking Health and Safety Studies in Building Demolition – By Sara Badiali
In 2008 while working in DeConstruction Services for The ReBuilidng Center in Portland, Oregon I researched water usage in demolition. I was biking to work and saw the Wonder Bread Headquarters building being demolished. The building was still full of furniture and I remember seeing papers flying out of the filing cabinets. Huge hoses propelled water into the air and soaked materials as they fell off the open floors. It wasn't until later that I realized even though I talked to people every day about the benefits of deconstruction over demolition, I never said anything about water conservation.
Six years later I still do not see water conservation in the list of reasons why deconstruction is beneficial. Materials saved produce markets and economic benefits. Jobs are created and the list of environmental advantages including emissions reductions are facts that are well used. It is time to add water conservation and air quality to our curriculum.
In 2008 my research on water usage in demolition lead me to Trip Turner a Project Manager at Elder Demolition. He explained that the hoses they used to spray the water for dust suppression were one to two inches in diameter. That the water is typically stopped from going into the sewer systems by caps and then collected to be disposed of as hazardous materials. Why hazardous material? Trip explained that the water picks up benzene, a chemical in natural gas along with other particulates. He told me that to demolish a 5,000 square foot building they typically use 6,000 gallons of water. That comes out to roughly 1.2 gallons of water per square foot of building.
That is over a gallon of clean water for every square foot of building that is being demolished to keep air quality on a demolition site legally safe.
I contacted a company called Dust Control Technology to ask if the water used was clean tap water. They assured me that it is and let me know they that have a machine that can hold 5,000 gallons and pumps 20 gallons of water per minute through a one and a half inch hose. These are the machines that are constantly running through building demolition to keep the dust and particulates out of the air. Dust suppression guidelines are enforced by the US Department of Labor under Occupational Safety and Health Administration. This is an example of Oregon's guidelines (https://www.osha.gov/SLTC/etools/hurricane/building-demolition.html#silica) and the Environmental Protection Agency (http://www2.epa.gov/large-scale-residential-demolition/managing-stormwater-and-dust-demolition-sites#dust).
Deconstruction does not need dust suppression. Systematic dismantling or unbuilding does not produce airborne particulates on the level that jeopardizes air quality. As industry professionals we need to add this to our list of reasons why deconstruction is beneficial. More importantly, hundreds of gallons of clean water are not going into our sewers or landfilled as hazardous materials.
As building material reuse professionals we are continuously educating others about the benefits of deconstruction. Saving building materials through deconstruction instead of demolition creates jobs and produces environmental benefits by reducing the CO2 emissions created from building materials being disposed of in landfills, as well as reducing the consumption of raw goods like lumber. It is time to bring water conservation and air quality to the forefront of the list of beneficial reasons of deconstruction. Climate change and current drought conditions in states like California, make the discussion of water usage in demolition a highly relevant topic.
Read Next: Deconstruction is Policy Already Written
by Sara Badiali
Two days after being scratched for Thursday's 2-1 loss to the Philadelphia Flyers, New York Rangers rookie Chris Kreider is expected to miss the next few days of action because of an injury. According to Jim Cerny of the Rangers' website, Kreider, who did not skate Saturday morning with the team, is expected to be out a few days because of bone chips in his ankle.
It's a difficult end to what has been a frustrating first week of the 2012-13 season for the Massachusetts native. After going pointless in his first three games, Kreider was held out of the game Thursday, sparking speculation he might be assigned to the team's American Hockey League affiliate in Connecticut. To say the least, it's been a disappointing start for the young player who captured the imagination of Rangers fans after scoring five goals during the team's Stanley Cup Playoffs run that ended in Game 7 of the Eastern Conference Finals.
While Kreider was out, new addition Benn Ferriero, who was acquired Thursday in a trade with the Pittsburgh Penguins, did skate Saturday. Goaltender Henrik Lundqvist was reportedly the first to leave the ice, meaning he will likely get the start Saturday night against the Toronto Maple Leafs.
These are the team's projected lines, according to Pat Leonard of New York Daily News:
Rick Nash - Brad Richards - Marian Gaborik
Taylor Pyatt - Derek Stepan - Ryan Callahan
Carl Hagelin - Brian Boyle - Mike Rupp
Jeff Halpern - Benn Ferriero - Aaron Asham.
Ryan McDonagh - Dan Girardi
Marc Staal - Michael Del Zotto
Steve Eminger - Anton Stralman
Henrik Lundqvist
Martin Biron
This article is over 2 years old
Party for Freedom group says the protest was prompted by church's support for refugees and asylum seekers
Protesters from a far-right group have interrupted a church service dressed in mock Islamic dress to grandstand about the so-called “Muslim invasion” of Australia.
The Party for Freedom targeted Gosford Anglican church on Sunday to claim its leadership was assisting the “invasion” because of its support for social justice causes, including its progressive stances on multiculturalism and refugees.
The group posted videos and photos on their Facebook page which show them being questioned by police and then celebrating in a nearby pub.
Father Rod Bower has blasted the group for frightening children and the “sacrilege” of violating the religious space.
As part of the demonstration, the group, which supports Pauline Hanson's One Nation, criticised the Labor and Liberal parties for allowing immigration from Muslim nations.
Hanson has labelled the demonstration “counter-productive” and warned media not to blame her for it.
A photo posted to Party for Freedom's Facebook page shows police questioning members of the group on Sunday after they interrupted a service at Gosford Anglican church
The group posted a video showing about 10 people clothed in ankle-length tunics including thawbs and niqabs walk into the church past its message board, which read: “Good luck to Aussie & refugee Olympic teams.”
Once inside, one man said they were sharing the “rich tapestry of Islam” with Bower and his congregation because of their support of the “social justice agenda”.
The group set up prayer mats and played audio of the Qur'an being sung. “This is the future brothers,” he said as the congregation looked on in confusion.
“You asked for it, you voted for it, you supported it … a Christian congregation support[s] the Islamic invasion.”
Bower also recorded video of the event, and took to Twitter to accuse the group of “impersonating Muslims, interrupt[ing] service … [and] frighten[ing] children”.
Fr Rod Bower (@FrBower) #Auspol @PaulineHansonOz supporters impersonating Muslims interrupt service @anggoscom. frighten children. pic.twitter.com/ixxA3K7f1Y
Churchgoers turned their backs on the group while they spouted anti-Islamic messages accusing adherents of Islam of slaughtering Christians.
“Just in case you're wondering – these people actually aren't Muslim … This is what I talk about as being radicalised Christianity, so we'll deal with it,” one church leader said.
After a few minutes, the group left, warning the congregation not to “promote Islam”.
Party for Freedom members pictured in the pub after their stunt at the Gosford church. Photograph: Party for Freedom Facebook page
Bower told ABC News24 the intrusion was “a gross violation of our sacred space and quite traumatic for many of the people in the congregation”.
“It was a gross violation of when Christians meet together on a Sunday morning, it's an act of love, it's a very intimate thing we do, we break bread together, and to have that action of hate to come into that space, it's sacrilege, really.”
He said he surmised the group had targeted his church because of its work for refugees and social equality.
“We do a lot of work to build bridges rather than walls and I'm afraid these rightwing extremists really want a dysfunctional society.”
In another video depicting the group praying outside, a man says: “This is the future … keep voting Labor and Liberal and this will be the future.”
“You are being replaced, with mass third world immigration and Islam coming into Australia to take over,” he said.
Hanson told Guardian Australia: “There are concerns by a cross-section of Australians with Islam, border protection, terrorism and the government's immigration policy.
“However the interruption of religious services, as demonstrated online, [is] counterproductive in the serious argument One Nation [is] calling for in our parliament.”
She warned it was “uncalled for” to blame One Nation for the demonstration.
“Let's have a proper debate as a community and leave the satire out of it.”
The stunt came after a new push by crossbench senators to overhaul the Racial Discrimination Act by removing a restriction that prohibits insulting or offending people based on their race, section 18C.
Bower said the display highlighted the need for the section. “If you lose 18C then this kind of vilification and abusive behaviour will go even more unchecked,” he said.
Leyonhjelm makes racial discrimination complaint over 'angry white male' article Read more
Senator David Leyonhjelm was asked about the demonstration on ABC News24 in the context of his push to repeal section 18C. He replied: “Well, there's an awful lot of issues there outside of free speech.”
“Apart from trespass, of course. Interruption of a church service would raise other issues.”
Guardian Australia is seeking comment from the Party for Freedom.
Riot Games Brasil and the Brazilian team association ABCDE agreed that players and coaches taking part in the CBLoL should be employed by their teams, myCNB revealed yesterday.
“ABCDE was created with the idea of always seeking more professionalism for the clubs and athletes and, consequently, for our sport,” said Carlos “Fury” Júnior, president of ABCDE and director of the CNB e-Sports Club, “One goal since our creation was the registration in the work card system for all cyber-athletes in the premiere division of League of Legends. We aligned with Riot, who also agreed on the same idea, and we defined that we would begin this process starting this year.”
This new stipulation in CBLoL will be part of the contract between Riot Games Brasil and the teams. Even the Red Canids, the only CBLoL team not part of ABCDE since its departure in December, will have to comply to the new CBLoL rule.
“We aspire to be the most player-focused gaming company in the world and therefore we encourage the professionalization of the entire esports ecosystem,” Riot Games Brasil said to myCNB. “We work in partnership with organizations and teams to foster the industry and ensure athletes a safe and development-friendly environment of a career.”
Contract issues have been looming for quite some time, even in North America and Europe. As we explained last year, many esports companies, especially teams, could potentially be violating employment law by misclassifying workers as independent contractors.
By employing their players, Brazilian teams now comply to labor laws. Players will, for example, gain rights to paid holidays, overtime for hours worked in a week over 44, social security contributions, and the retirement fund.
INTZ and Keyd Stars, two of the CBLoL teams, have already registered their players.
“The registration process is very simple, since the profession of cyber-athlete already exists in the Commercial Board,” said André Pontes, co-owner of Keyd. “The minimum wage is approximately $400.”
According to ABCDE's president, the teams will follow the 1998 Pelé Law, created to provide more transparency and professionalism in traditional sports.
Players will have contracts of at least one year, and up to three years—LCS contracts already can't go over three years per Riot. Fines for contractual termination will continue to exist. And, just like in soccer, 60% of the salary will be counted on the work card, and 40% as image rights.
Recruiting foreign players in the CBLoL will also be a bit more complicated, too, as they will need proper work visas. French player Hugo “Dioud” Padioleau, currently performing for Red Canids, became the first foreigner to receive a “Pro Esport Player” visa in Brazil in August 2015 (after playing for PaiN Gaming for over half a year, most likely with a tourist visa).
Riot Games Brazil and ABCDE working together to force teams into using salaried contracts is certainly good news for the professionalization of Brazilian esports.
Image copyright Geograph Image caption The building in Kirkwall is maintained by the Orkney Islands Council
A 12th Century cathedral in Orkney is to undergo a laser scan as part of efforts to preserve the building.
The project, which will record every last detail of Orkney's St Magnus Cathedral, is to begin later this year.
Orkney Islands Council is currently looking for experts to carry out detailed scans of the internal and external structure of the cathedral.
A 3D record of the building can then be compared with future scans to detect any changes in its fabric.
It will allow for analyses of weathering, erosion, decay, moss build-up or shifts due to subsidence.
It is also hoped the scans can be used to aid research and enhance tourism by developing digital tours of the cathedral under separate proposals for a major exhibition on the history of Kirkwall.
Image copyright Geograph Image caption The scans will look at the cathedral's internal and external structure
The Society of the Friends of St Magnus Cathedral have given the project their backing, committing to contribute half of the costs of the laser scanning.
The society's secretary David Oddie said they were delighted to be contributing.
He said: "It goes right to the core of our chief aim - protecting and safeguarding the condition of this majestic building. The joint funding of this work is a reflection of the good relationship we've had with the council for many years."
The Romano-Gothic cathedral, built from red and yellow sandstone, is of international significance.
The foundations were placed in 1137, and the building, dedicated to Magnus Erlendsson, Earl of Orkney, took about 300 years to build.
It was assigned to the inhabitants of Kirkwall by King James III of Scotland in a charter dated 1486.
Mark Levin, Rush Limbaugh, Mollie Hemingway, Cal Thomas, Brigitte Gabriel, Joe Piscopo, Chris Plante, Congressman Mark Meadows and Jeffrey Lord joined MRC President Brent Bozell in highlighting the Media Research Center's “30th Anniversary Gala featuring the 2017 DisHonors Awards: Roasting the Most Outrageously Biased Liberal Reporting.” The event was held on Thursday night, September 21, before an audience of nearly 900 at the National Building Museum in Washington, D.C.
Following the first two awards, nationally syndicated talk radio host and author Mark Levin addressed the audience, via video, to celebrate the MRC's 30th anniversary. He declared that only the MRC “has the know-how, the resources and the dedication” to track liberal bias 24/7. Levin also trumpeted: “MRC and Brent Bozell are national treasures.”
Later in the evening, legendary radio talk show host Rush Limbaugh recalled how he first heard of the MRC when he saw Bozell quoted in National Review. Limbaugh also explained his success in radio, noting how both he and Donald Trump built a “bond” with their audiences, before warning of the threat posed by leftists who want to silence conservatives.
In addition to the presentation of the DisHonors Awards videos in four categories and a look at some “funny clips,” the audience decided the Trumpocalypse compilation earned the Quote of the Year dishonor. MRC President Brent Bozell asked the audience to show their derision, via jeers and noisemakers, of quotes from Douglas Brinkley, Brian Williams and the “Trumpocalypse Award,” (given to “Every Single Person We Don't Like in the Liberal Media”), each of whom had won a news category earlier in the program. The audience's pick was assessed by Bozell and the presenters and accepters brought on stage to judge the audience's preference.
The four DisHonors Awards category winners were determined by the audience. After watching three or four nominated quotes, attendees at each of the 90 tables discussed the quotes and then, by electronic device, the table captain cast the choice on behalf of the table.
The nominated quotes were narrowed beforehand to three or four in each category by a distinguished panel of ten leading media observers, including Monica Crowley, Mark Levin, Laura Ingraham, Michelle Malkin, David Limbaugh, Stephen Hayes, Walter E. Williams and Erick Erickson (List of judges).
Cal Thomas, an author, TV commentator and nationally syndicated columnist, served as Master of Ceremonies. Chris Plante, host of a nationally-syndicated talk show from Washington DC's WMAL Radio, presented the first two award categories before Mollie Hemingway, a Fox News contributor and Senior Editor at The Federalist, handled the third and fourth awards. The evening's program concluded with veteran comedian, actor and talk show host Joe Piscopo cuing up “The Funnies.”
In place of the journalist who won each award, a conservative accepted it in jest. Those standing in for the winners: Greg Mueller, President of Creative Response Concepts; Brigitte Gabriel, founder of ACT for America; Congressman Mark Meadows (R-NC) Chairman of the House's Freedom Caucus; and Jeffrey Lord, a former commentator for CNN and a blogger for the American Spectator and NewsBusters.
Interspersed through the evening, attendees heard kudos on video, for the MRC's 30th anniversary, from a range of leading conservative figures; Melissa Emery, Chairman of the MRC's Board of Trustees, recognized the MRC's longest-giving donors; MRC President Brent Bozell presented Karl Ottosen, Chairman of the MRC's Board of Directors, with a gift of appreciation; and attendees watched a video tribute to journalists who covered Hurricane Harvey.
The evening began with an invocation by Father Robert Rippy and former Marine Tim Davis, an MRC supporter and Vietnam War veteran, led the Pledge of Allegiance. Following the funny clips, Bozell offered closing remarks.
For more on the evening, check the posts on our NewsBusters blog.
After eight years of public speculation, message board sleuthing and amateur detective work, Brand New's fifth studio album is finally a real, tangible thing. Science Fiction surprised us, but it's not a surprise album, at least not in the 2017 music industry definition of the term.
There were no pop-up shops or thirst-heavy viral stunts. Zane Lowe didn't premiere a song on his Apple Music show and hell, the album isn't even up on streaming services. It's been almost four years since Dec. 2013, but there's a good chance frontman Jesse Lacey still doesn't really know what “pull a Beyoncé” means. No, Brand New's straight-to-diehards release plan feels more like a cut from a bygone era, when punk and indie rock fans were connected by home address listings and mail order catalogs, when bands sent out glossy 8X10's en masse and could write their own mythologies through hokey, half-true one-sheet bios.
Still, it feels sincere. The Long Island-bred emo band has never appeared particularly made for this century, from its tendency to scrap songs over Internet leaks to its famously SEO-unfriendly name. Even someone who tried to search for a secondhand “Brand New t-shirt” on eBay in 2001 feels this pain. Lacey once nixed interviews with all major outlets in promoting a new album for fear of clickbait headlines, and this was back in 2006. By sending out initial copies of Science Fiction to a few sight-unseen, paying fans before offering so much as a press release to media types, Brand New isn't showing off; it's being the same socially-awkward, not-made-for-these-times cult band it's always been.
Science Fiction was mailed out to those early fans as a singular, hour-long track and that presentation proves apt, even after it was released as a proper 12-song album hours later. It's a linear monolith, songs intertwined through mystical spoken word segments and found sounds; think the intro to Daisy, but revisited over the course of a record.
The first track, “Lit Me Up,” opens like this, with a dated, documentary-style spoken exchange of someone's dream analysis. Static takes over, then droopy, distorted electric guitar, which a woozy Lacey sings over like he's navigating some sort of sonic catacombs: "It lit me up like a torch on a pitch black night."
As the dirge plods along, you can sense longtime listeners clenching their jaws, bracing for impact from the massive, out-of-nowhere chorus -- or at least the loud part -- but unlike "Sowing Season (Yeah)," "Bed," "Tommy Gun," and so much of Brand New's catalog before it, the moment never comes. The pay-off arrives with the song's wispy conclusion, and later, when the bass and percussion finally kick in on track two, "Can't Get Out." On this mid-tempo rumbler, Lacey wails his insecurities in the starkest of terms. "I'm just a manic depressive," is particularly gripping, delivered in one of its throbbing, insistent choruses. For nearly two decades, the frontman's lyrics confided via adolescent angst, winking Morrissey pathos, and Biblical imagery; here, the curtain of pretense is pulled away, but Brand New's aura pulls ever stronger.
What Brand New does better than anything on Science Fiction is created mood. It's in the weird interludes, the harrowing effects draped on the guitars and Lacey's voice. The singer goes through spine-tingling, high-pitched vocal call-backs on "Desert" and dire, Gregorian chant-like undulations on "Could Never Be Heaven."
He even tests the boundaries of his typical overwroughtness with some actual absurdity; at the 2:44 mark on "Same Logic/Teeth," he runs a whole ridiculous line -- "At the bottom of the ocean, fish won't judge you for your faults" -- through a loony, pitch-dropped vocal effect that could pass for a cartoon fish or, in indie rock terms, the most deranged moment of recent-era Modest Mouse. In the middle of an album like this, you're inclined to just go with it.
The guitarwork is riveting, too. From all the technique and texture across Science Fiction, it sounds as if half a dozen players cycled through its sessions, rather than the longstanding duo of Lacey and Vincent Accardi. There's the aggro, lockstep groove of "451," the delicate flamenco flourishes over "Desert." The moody expanse of "137" escalates into Mars Volta-ian fretboard mania in its final quarter. But where that band's experimentation led it down an utterly impenetrable path, Brand New's seldom feels noodly or pretentious. The chilling repetition, loud-soft dynamics, and siren wail shred explored ever since Deja Entendu are fully-formed as ever, on an album that actually reflects years worth of obsessive studio tinkering over what most would call a finished product. Somehow, it was all worth it.
It's tough to put Science Fiction in immediate comparison with Brand New's older LPs, though fans are undoubtedly already trying. It's better than Daisy, impossible to compare to the pop-punk simplicity of 2001's Your Favorite Weapon, and once it's fully sunk in (which could take another eight years), could be argued as 2003's Deja Entendu and 2006's The Devil and God Are Ragning Inside Me's superior.
At the very least, it's the third installment in a trilogy that began with the latter. Devil and God capped off an early-career run of improbable reinventions between albums, after which Brand New could've rightfully changed its name and settled into adulthood, but instead kept the same, paradoxically-appropriate moniker. At this point, they're less a product of the old Long Island pop-punk scene they'll frustratingly always be tied to, but more a part of a lineage of constantly-shape-shifting, steadfastly fascinating experimental rock bands, which famously includes Radiohead, but also the likes of Talk Talk, Swans, the Fall and a disparate many others.
From here, the question very quickly shifts to, "What's next?" Brand New has bluntly suggested that 2018 is going to be their final year. If they really are going to stay 18 forever, Science Fiction is a jarring commencement.
“Reform is not a luxury that can be postponed, but a necessity that cannot wait,” Mr. Obama says.
In a letter addressed to Mr. Obama, six leaders of the health care industry say: “We will do our part to achieve your administration's goal of decreasing by 1.5 percentage points the annual health care spending growth rate, saving $2 trillion or more. This represents more than a 20 percent reduction in the projected rate of growth.”
The letter was signed by executives of the Advanced Medical Technology Association, a lobby for medical device manufacturers; the American Hospital Association; the American Medical Association; America's Health Insurance Plans, a trade group for insurers; the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America; and the Service Employees International Union.
Signers of the letter said that large amounts could be saved by aggressive efforts to prevent obesity, coordinate care, manage chronic illnesses and curtail unnecessary tests and procedures; by standardizing insurance claim forms; and by increasing the use of information technology, like electronic medical records.
Administration officials said private insurers and government programs could also save money by paying for entire episodes of care, rather than for each service separately.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
An administration official, speaking in a conference call on Sunday, said, “The savings are crucially dependent on getting health care reform done this year.” The administration insisted that the official not be identified.
Some of the savings could be achieved by voluntary action in the private sector. But most of the savings in Medicare and Medicaid could not be achieved without changes in federal law and regulations.
In the abstract, slowing the growth of health spending is a goal on which consumers and health care providers agree. But experience shows that specific proposals touch off fierce battles among interest groups fighting to expand their share of health care money.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In a relatively rosy forecast, the White House said Sunday that the savings from a more efficient health care system would far exceed the costs of achieving universal health coverage, with federal subsidies for people who could not afford insurance on their own.
The Department of Health and Human Services estimates that health spending will grow an average of 6.2 percent a year in the coming decade, to $4.4 trillion in 2018 from $2.4 trillion last year.
Health care now accounts for about 17 percent of the overall economy and, with no change in existing law, the share will grow to 21 percent in 2019, administration officials said. The commitments made by health care providers would hold down the share to 18 percent of the economy, and that difference is equivalent to savings of nearly $700 billion in 2019 alone, the officials said.
The goal set forth in the letter resembles a proposal made in December by America's Health Insurance Plans, the lobby for insurers like Aetna, Humana, UnitedHealth and WellPoint. Administration officials said the idea was broached to them by Dennis Rivera, coordinator of the health care campaign of the Service Employees International Union.
In a report being sent to Congress on Monday, two research and advocacy groups, the Center for American Progress and the Democratic Leadership Council, say that productivity growth in health care has lagged behind that of other industries.
The government could save nearly $600 billion over the next decade if the health care industry increased its productivity growth by 1.5 to 2 percentage points a year, said the report, by David M. Cutler, a Harvard economist.
KNOXVILLE — If all goes according to plan, Quinten Dormady will be among the Tennessee freshmen making their debuts in Saturday's season opener.
The Volunteers have toyed with the notion of handing their freshman backup quarterback an early series to allow him game experience in case anything happens to starter Josh Dobbs, and head coach Butch Jones didn't dispel that possibility Wednesday as Tennessee prepared for its game against Bowling Green at Nissan Stadium in Nashville.
"I expect that could happen," Jones said of Dormady playing Saturday. "The nuances of a game is different, and a lot of times they go according to plan, and a lot of times they don't go according to plan. Quinten's had a very, very good week of preparation."
The ideal situation for the Vols would be to build a big enough lead to easily afford to give Dormady the reins to the offense.
Tennessee clearly has confidence in Dormady, though, and the Vols would like to play him at some point Saturday.
Staff Photo by Dan Henry / The Chattanooga Times Free Press- 4/25/15. The University of Tennessee's Todd Kelly Jr. and other defensive players perform sprint drills during the Dish Orange & White Game in Knoxville on Saturday, April 25, 2015. Final score was Orange 54, White 44. Staff Photo by Dan Henry / The Chattanooga... Photo by Dan Henry /Times Free Press.
"He understands the game plan," Jones said. "Obviously he has a little bit of a different game plan that will play to his strengths, but I've been very proud of his approach. He's been very, very consistent, and he's continued to get better and better and better. I do anticipate him playing, and I anticipate him playing throughout the course of the year."
Daniel will punt
Walk-on Trevor Daniel will be Tennessee's starting punter, though freshman Tommy Townsend and Maryland transfer Nate Renfro will both travel to Nashville this week.
Daniel, a redshirt sophomore from Dickson County High School, demonstrated the strongest leg and best consistency of the trio during preseason training camp. He was the only one of that group to go through spring practice, so the Vols have a better idea of what he can do.
"This will be an ongoing competition, just like it is at every single position for us," Jones said. "It's all performance-based. All three individuals have done a very good job. We just thought at this point in time Trevor's been a little more consistent in terms of his hang time, his ball placement, the length of his punts (and) just overall consistency."
Safety squeeze
Jones was non-committal on whether Evan Berry or Todd Kelly Jr. would start at safety in place of the injured LaDarrell McNeil. With Kelly missing some practice time this week, it's likely Berry will get most of the work Saturday, though Jones mentioned walk-on Max Arnold as another player who would be on the field.
"We started off with that position being a strength in terms of depth," Jones said. "That depth can be diminished at any moment in time. We hope T.K. can pick up some of the reps. Evan Berry can pick up some of the reps as well. There are some individuals that are going to need to step up."
Freshman outside linebacker Quart'e Sapp, who should help Tennessee on special teams, worked with the safeties during Tuesday's practice.
"(It's) just from a depth standpoint," Jones explained. "We'll continue to move him around, and that's a tribute to his athleticism and his ability to learn. He's doing a very good job at linebacker, but also, we have to be prepared for anything. As we always know, you're one snap away. It's adding to the preparation at that position."
Martin progresses
Cornerback Justin Martin, a junior college transfer, continues to work his way back into form after missing a chunk of the preseason with a knee injury, and his return could give Tennessee's secondary added depth and flexibility.
"Any time you miss the inordinate amount of practice or the practice repetitions that Justin has missed, it sets you back," Jones said. "It sets you back from a conditioning standpoint. It sets you back, obviously, from a knowledge and technique standpoint. Justin is a very hard worker.
"It's very, very important to him, and the strides he's made the last two days, you can really see them."
Checker Neyland
Tennessee will checkerboard Neyland Stadium for next week's home opener against 19th-ranked Oklahoma. The Vols first did it for the Florida game last season. Fans attending the game can go to CheckerNeyland.com to see if they should wear orange or white based on the section in which their seats are located.
Tech on tap
Tennessee Tech announced Wednesday it would play at Tennessee on Nov. 5, 2016. The in-state programs have played five times, all in Knoxville. The Vols and Golden Eagles haven't met since 1951, when Tennessee won 68-0.
Contact Patrick Brown at pbrown@timesfreepress.com.
11921 page views
151 comments
MOTM 72
$1,343 | 389
LiL B challenges Kevin Durant to a game of one on one
[pic - click to view]
[pic - click to view]
[pic - click to view]
Kevin Durant (KDthunderup) on Twitter
[pic - click to view]
Lil B From The Pack (LILBTHEBASEDGOD) on Twitter
KDthunderup I tried to listen to Lil B and my mind wouldn't let me do it....can't believe this guy is relevant
16 minutes ago
LILBTHEBASEDGOD BROTHER I BET I CAN BEAT U IN BASKETBALL 1 ON 1 U AND ME IL BET MY RAPPING SKILLS IM BETTER THEN YOU AT HOOP @KDthunderup - Lil B
7 minutes ago
KDthunderup @LILBTHEBASEDGOD ima better rapper than u
6 minutes ago*in reply to LILBTHEBASEDGOD
LILBTHEBASEDGOD @KDthunderup AFTER I BEAT U IN BASKETBALL IMA FORCE U TO LISTEN TO MY MUSIC AND YOU HAVE TO MAKE YOUR GIRLS LISTEN TO IT AS WELL - Lil B
6 minutes ago*in reply to KDthunderup
KDthunderup @LILBTHEBASEDGOD bet it..if I win u gotta stop rappin forever
5 minutes ago*in reply to LILBTHEBASEDGOD
LILBTHEBASEDGOD FOLLLOW ME @KDthunderup AND LETS SET UP A 1 ON 1 BASKETBALL MATCH IF I LOOSE IL RETIRE FROM RAPPING - Lil B
6 minutes ago
LILBTHEBASEDGOD @KDthunderup AFTER I BEAT U IN 1 ON 1 IMA RAP BETTER THEN U LOL ON A SONG LOL - Lil B
5 minutes ago*in reply to KDthunderup
LILBTHEBASEDGOD @KDthunderup BROTHER IM SERIOUS WE RECORD IT FOR WSHH, AND WE DO IT WEREVA COURT U WANT IT BRO, IF U WIN, 21 AND U GOTA WIN by 2 - Lil B
4 minutes ago*in reply to KDthunderup
LILBTHEBASEDGOD FOLLOW ME @KDthunderup SO I CAN DM U MY INFO AND WE GET THIS GAME GOING IM READY TO WIN AND KEEP RAPPING - Lil B
4 minutes ago
LILBTHEBASEDGOD IMA GO PLAY NBA 2k11 AND DUNK ON U RIGHT NOW! TO GET READY FOR REAL LIFE! @KDthunderup - Lil B
3 minutes ago
KDthunderup 4sho RT @LILBTHEBASEDGOD: FOLLLOW ME @KDthunderup AND LETS SET UP A 1 ON 1 BASKETBALL MATCH IF I LOOSE IL RETIRE FROM RAPPING - Lil B
7 minutes ago
KDthunderup Lol u funny lets get it goin RT @LILBTHEBASEDGOD: @KDthunderup AFTER I BEAT U IN 1 ON 1 IMA RAP BETTER THEN U LOL ON A SONG LOL - Lil B
4 minutes ago
KDthunderup @LILBTHEBASEDGOD ok we can do that...u won't score tho brother
2 minutes ago*in reply to LILBTHEBASEDGOD
LILBTHEBASEDGOD I GURENTEE I WILL WIN IN A 1 ON 1 GAME OF 21 WITH @KDthunderup AND HE WILL PAY FOR DENYING THE BASEDGOD, ON COURT HE WILL PAY - Lil B
5 minutes ago
LILBTHEBASEDGOD WHOS READY TO SEE THIS GAME AND WATCH ME BEAT @KDthunderup LIVE WITH A GAME OF 21 BASKETBALL IM BETTING MY RAP CARRER - Lil B
3 minutes ago
KDthunderup I tried to listen to Lil B and my mind wouldn't let me do it....can't believe this guy is relevant16 minutes agoLILBTHEBASEDGOD BROTHER I BET I CAN BEAT U IN BASKETBALL 1 ON 1 U AND ME IL BET MY RAPPING SKILLS IM BETTER THEN YOU AT HOOP @KDthunderup - Lil B7 minutes agoKDthunderup @LILBTHEBASEDGOD ima better rapper than u6 minutes ago*in reply to LILBTHEBASEDGODLILBTHEBASEDGOD @KDthunderup AFTER I BEAT U IN BASKETBALL IMA FORCE U TO LISTEN TO MY MUSIC AND YOU HAVE TO MAKE YOUR GIRLS LISTEN TO IT AS WELL - Lil B6 minutes ago*in reply to KDthunderupKDthunderup @LILBTHEBASEDGOD bet it..if I win u gotta stop rappin forever5 minutes ago*in reply to LILBTHEBASEDGODLILBTHEBASEDGOD FOLLLOW ME @KDthunderup AND LETS SET UP A 1 ON 1 BASKETBALL MATCH IF I LOOSE IL RETIRE FROM RAPPING - Lil B6 minutes agoLILBTHEBASEDGOD @KDthunderup AFTER I BEAT U IN 1 ON 1 IMA RAP BETTER THEN U LOL ON A SONG LOL - Lil B5 minutes ago*in reply to KDthunderupLILBTHEBASEDGOD @KDthunderup BROTHER IM SERIOUS WE RECORD IT FOR WSHH, AND WE DO IT WEREVA COURT U WANT IT BRO, IF U WIN, 21 AND U GOTA WIN by 2 - Lil B4 minutes ago*in reply to KDthunderupLILBTHEBASEDGOD FOLLOW ME @KDthunderup SO I CAN DM U MY INFO AND WE GET THIS GAME GOING IM READY TO WIN AND KEEP RAPPING - Lil B4 minutes agoLILBTHEBASEDGOD IMA GO PLAY NBA 2k11 AND DUNK ON U RIGHT NOW! TO GET READY FOR REAL LIFE! @KDthunderup - Lil B3 minutes agoKDthunderup 4sho RT @LILBTHEBASEDGOD: FOLLLOW ME @KDthunderup AND LETS SET UP A 1 ON 1 BASKETBALL MATCH IF I LOOSE IL RETIRE FROM RAPPING - Lil B7 minutes agoKDthunderup Lol u funny lets get it goin RT @LILBTHEBASEDGOD: @KDthunderup AFTER I BEAT U IN 1 ON 1 IMA RAP BETTER THEN U LOL ON A SONG LOL - Lil B4 minutes agoKDthunderup @LILBTHEBASEDGOD ok we can do that...u won't score tho brother2 minutes ago*in reply to LILBTHEBASEDGODLILBTHEBASEDGOD I GURENTEE I WILL WIN IN A 1 ON 1 GAME OF 21 WITH @KDthunderup AND HE WILL PAY FOR DENYING THE BASEDGOD, ON COURT HE WILL PAY - Lil B5 minutes agoLILBTHEBASEDGOD WHOS READY TO SEE THIS GAME AND WATCH ME BEAT @KDthunderup LIVE WITH A GAME OF 21 BASKETBALL IM BETTING MY RAP CARRER - Lil B3 minutes ago
Last edited by MOTM; 01-29-2011 at 02:39 PM ..
IN PHOTO: Director Guillermo del Toro (L) poses with cast member Charlie Hunnam at the premiere of "Pacific Rim" at Dolby theatre in Hollywood, California July 9, 2013. The movie opens in the U.S. on July 12.
IN PHOTO: Director Guillermo del Toro (L) poses with cast member Charlie Hunnam at the premiere of "Pacific Rim" at Dolby theatre in Hollywood, California July 9, 2013. The movie opens in the U.S. on July 12. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni
Director Guillermo del Toro got an R rating for his upcoming supernatural fantasy horror film “Crimson Peak.” Starring Charlie Hunnam and Tom Hiddleston, the horror flick is scheduled to be released in October this year.
For some, this is quite a surprise that a major studio would allow an R-rated fantasy feature since PG-13 is the highest bar that it usually allows. But knowing del Toro who constantly pushes the envelope for his movies, it's no wonder that the studio allowed him to feature the R-rated film.
Written by del Toro, together with Matthew Robbins and Lucinda Coxon, the movie is set in Cumbria, in a crumbling mansion in the mountainous region of northern England in the 19th century. “Crimson Peak” reportedly has more in common with “The Shining,” although del Toro previously cited in his previous interview the two haunted house horror classics, Robert Wise's “The Haunting” and Jack Clayton's “The Innocents," as his inspirations for the film.
Meanwhile, Tom Hiddleston is set to have some sexy time in the upcoming gothic flick. Co-star Jessica Chastain recently revealed the details of the scene in question but did not disclose which character Hiddleston shares the sex scene with.
“Well, there is a Tom Hiddleston sex scene, boys!” Chastain told MTV News during an interview. “I know! So you guys. Not gonna say who, but there is some, you know. You can calm down.”
Hiddleston plays Sir Thomas Sharpe, “a charming hero with a mysterious past” who married a young and curious author Edith Cushing, played by “Alice in Wonderland” star Mia Wasikowska. Chastain plays Lady Lucille Sharpe, Sir Thomas' sister, while Charlie Hunnam plays Dr Alan McMichael, a "quiet, shy, thoughtful kind of stoic” guy who is in love with Wasikowska's character.
Other stars in the film include Leslie Hope, Jim Beaver, Burn Gorman, Javier Bote, Emily Coutts and Sofia Wells as the young Edith Cushing. “Crimson Peak” is set to premiere on Oct. 16, 2015.
To report problems or leave feedback on this article, email: rornos.IBTimes@gmail.com.
Australian-New Zealand mining company Oceana Gold has destroyed the isolated rural village of Didipio in the mountains of Kasibu in Nueva Vizcaya, a province of the Philippines.
Oceana Gold has operated one of six mining projects in the Philippines covered by the Financial or Technical Assistance Agreement (FTAA) since 1994. Fierce resistance from villagers, legal struggles and the financial problems of the company meant it was only this year that Oceana Gold was able to ship out its first 5000 tons of copper-gold concentrate.
Thousands of trees from a big biodiversity corridor in the Sierra Madre mountain range were cut down to make way for a 765-hectare open-pit mine, replacing the mountain of Dinkidi.
Discovered as a body of ore by Australian firm Climax-Arimco, Dinkidi has disappeared from the peaks of Mamparang, a significant wildlife corridor. The villagers say that wildlife such as deers, wild boar and hornbills have already disappeared. Mudfish, snails and prawns can no longer be caught in the river, which has also changed in odour and appearance.
The villagers, from the indigenous Ifugao tribes, who used to plant rice in its terraced slopes or grow citrus orchards, are now living in wooden houses outside the gates of the mining complex and most are working as labourers. A handful of the biggest landowners sold the choicest parcels of land to the company and have left the area. One couple, Margarita and Eduardo Licyayo, said they had been cheated of their eight-hectare land in Sitio Bacbacan.
They thought they were signing for a loan and that their land was the collateral. Instead, they were told they had sold the land to the company. The contract was in English, which they didn't understand. In August, Eduardo visited their remaining land where he was growing corn and squash crops. He found it paved in concrete. Oceana Gold security guards wrestled him to the ground and handcuffed him. Eduardo has now been charged with attempted homicide.
The mine tailings have been dumped in huge ponds, a mixture of toxic waste, including arsenic, radioactive material, sulphur, mercury and cyanide. The tailing pond has been moved without any review of the leaks into the water supply.
An new agreement with the Benigno Aquino government has removed environmental protections and tripled the size of the mine.
Many villagers fear that the mine tailing pond might overflow and flood their community.
The township of Lower Alimit is a target for Oceana Gold expansion. It is a snapshot of what Didipio used to look like. Only three kilometres from the mine, Lower Alimit is now also affected by the mining operations.
Rice fields are filled with silt and the river is the color of sardines. The rice plants are stunted and diseased because of the silt and toxins in the water used for irrigation. The drinking water has also been affected, leading to rising cases of diarrhoea. The villagers are now being forced to pay for clean water.
Most farmers in Didipio have become mine workers, paid half the wage of workers hired from Manila.
Martin Duhalngon was hired as an engineer and became active in the workers' union. He and the union president, Wendy Nicano, were subsequently dismissed in November last year on trumped up charges.
In protest, the workers staged a blockade of Oceana Gold vehicles. They were quickly dispersed by Filipino police.
The company claims a five-year exemption from tax under the FTAA, which means it pays nothing to the government, the province nor the villagers of Didipio.
Oceana Gold recently reported the mine produced 20,550 ounces of gold and 9370 tons of copper during the first half of this year, far surpassing its annual target. There are 16 other exploration sites within Didipio, one a hill called Dibio, right next to the open pit. The FTAA agreement covers 37,000 hectares of land straddling the provinces of Nueva Vizcaya, Isabella and Quirino. The agreement should expire in 2019 but under Filipino law, it is renewable for a further 25 years.
The struggle to stop the mine has been fierce. In 1994, the year the FTAA was approved by President Fidel Ramos, a farmer shot down a helicopter carrying out aerial mapping of the area. In response, the Philippine Army camped beside Dinkidi Hill and terrorised the population.
In 2008, the villages set up a barricade to prevent the forcible demolition of their homes. They were surprised at dawn by Oceana guards and a group of soldiers, who opened fire. In February, the barangay captain [village major], Ereneo Bobolla, led a road blockage as the company refused to pay the 2% excise tax on processed minerals.
Didipio was one of four mining affected areas in Nueva Vizcaya that was visited by a national fact-finding mission of environmental, indigenous and church groups over September 17-21. They are calling for an investigation into the environmental destruction, human rights abuses and theft committed by the Australian mining companies.
Nowadays web applications are fat. I mean they consist of a lot of technologies. And you need to know a lot of technologies to write modern apps. But I'm lazy guy, I don't want to learn all of this stuff.
In this series of articles I will write modern full stack JavaScript web application using as less of technologies as possible.
I'm not sure about the idea of the future application, but it does not matter right now, let's just start:
It turns out that start Node.js server is pretty simple. I don't even need a framework for doing this:
server.js
Then I enter node server.js and server runs at localhost:4000 .
What about routing? Our app is going to have several pages. Easy peasy:
server.js
Ok, let's create something real now. I like the idea of components. Components get some data and render this data into html. I will write components as functions:
Now we have two components, App and Header . App renders whole application and Header renders menu. OMG, they look like React stateless components!
Well, so far everything was super simple. Now I will add some styles to the application, create styles.css :
styles.css
Then I want our App to load styles.css , so I add <link /> :
But how do I make styles.css file be available at /styles.css path? Probably I need manually read this file and send all it's content:
But wait, every request to /styles.css will force out server to read from hard drive. Not very efficient. What if we will cache the content?
Phaha! I like the way I rule my application. I feel like a God whilst with express or any other framework I only felt like a king.
Here is our app in action:
Now we have a basis for developing old-fashioned server-side applications with static content. No framework is needed, Node.js does the job.
Next I will add client side JavaScript to bring some dynamics. Read PART 2 to see how.
MADISON, Wis. - According to a report from a highway lobbying group, most major roads in the Madison area are in "mediocre to poor" condition.
The study, called "'Wisconsin Transportation by the Numbers: Meeting the State's Need for Safe, Smooth and Efficient Mobility," was released Thursday by The Road Information Program, which lobbies on behalf of the road repair industry.
The study claims that 68 percent of major roadways in the Madison urban area are in mediocre to poor condition, compared to 56 percent in the Milwaukee area and 42 percent statewide.
According to the group's report, the average Madison-area driver loses $2,072 annually in the form of additional vehicular operating costs, congestion-related delays and traffic crashes.
"Those costs come in the form of accelerated vehicle depreciation, additional tire wear and also maintenance on your vehicle because you're having to see a mechanic more often when you're driving on these rough roads," TRIP spokesperson Carolyn Kelly said. "Our hope in releasing this report is that not only the residents and people here in Wisconsin understand the condition of their system, but they also understand the impact that has on their wallet, the quality of life and the economy."
Gene Marousek, a Madison auto mechanic, said he sees drivers coming in with damage from potholes and other road wear.
"I see that you have a lot of cars that are coming in that have tires that are no longer around anymore," Marousek said. "On average, if you need a set of tires, you're looking at $400, $600, maybe $800."
In response to the TRIP report, Wisconsin Department of Transportation spokesperson Patty Mayers said, "WisDOT uses a different but widely accepted evaluation method that provides a more accurate assessment of overall pavement condition that we use for planning and programming improvements to our highway network."
According to WisDOT statistics, 97 percent of "backbone" state highways are in fair or better condition and 82 percent of "non-backbone" state highways are in fair or better condition.
TRIP is encouraging the state and federal government to increase funds dedicated for road construction projects.
When asked by News 3 if the organization would advocate for a specific solution for paying for the increased funds, like raising gasoline taxes, Kelly said, "Our organization doesn't propose a specific solution. There are many ways to increase the funding. That's one of the many. At this point, given the condition of the roadways, drivers are already paying a hidden tax to the tune of $2,100 each year."
News 3 reached out to traffic officials from both the city of Madison and the Dane County Highway Department for a response to the report; no one had returned our phone calls as of Thursday night.
By Abigail Field, contributor
FORTUNE — Taxpayers may not realize it, but they just bailed out Bank of America again, this time to the tune of more than a half billion dollars.
The Charlotte, NC-based bank was one of the biggest recipients of bailout funds during the financial crisis. But Bank of America (BAC) continues to face deep problems related to its troubled mortgage portfolio and investors have battered the stock, which has plunged over 40% so far this year. That's escalated concerns that the bank may need to raise more capital. Yves Smith at Naked Capitalism has even started a BofA death watch.
But apparently the federal government is determined to resurrect BofA: the Wall Street Journal reports the feds have just used Fannie Mae, which is controlled by the U.S. government, to infuse BofA with $500 million and ease one of the bank's biggest headaches.
Yesterday afternoon on CNBC, Bank of America CEO Brian Moynihan mentioned that five of BofA's six businesses were making money. The one black spot was its massive portfolio of problematic mortgages and the liabilities flowing from it. Moynihan also mentioned that BofA had just sold some “mortgage servicing rights” as part of its balance sheet strengthening efforts, but he didn't elaborate.
According to the WSJ, Fannie Mae spent $500 million to buy the servicing rights to a big chunk of the “seven million loans still causing the most problems.” Although the $500 million is a paper loss to BofA, in that the rights were “originally worth more,” it looks like BofA is still getting a good deal because the portfolio's “value is expected to deteriorate further.”
In fact, the deal is worth much more than $500 million to BofA, because getting rid of those servicing rights lifts a huge cost burden off BofA's shoulders. And if securitized loans are involved, which they most likely are, the sale also limits the BofA's potential liability to investors for its current servicing violations. Finally, the $500 million is surely more than the servicing rights are worth in an arms-length transaction. How do we know? Beyond the comment that the loans are expected to “deteriorate further,” the goal of the intervention can only be to fix Bank of America's capital structure, which is easier for the government to do if it overpays for the rights.
In short, purchasing these servicing rights was another Troubled Asset Relief Program.
Servicing defaulted loans can be good business if cheaply produced foreclosure paperwork isn't questioned, and if the foreclosures have equity and can be resold easily with lots of junk fees. But the mortgage servicing rights Fannie Mae bought are stinkers: they have a 13% delinquency rate, which means lots of foreclosures and loan modifications.
Both foreclosures and mods have been big headaches for BofA, which faces potential liability for document fraud in its foreclosures on multiple fronts. Beyond that, foreclosures are simply expensive to do well. BofA was recently punished by Treasury for failing to do modifications well, and it's also been sued for how it does them.
But the loans Fannie Mae now has to deal with are even worse than 13% delinquency rate suggests. According to the WSJ, “more than half of the loans are in troubled U.S. real-estate markets.” This likely means markets where a high percentage of the houses are underwater and there's a huge oversupply, driving prices down further and making defaults more likely.
Fannie Mae is purchasing “the servicing rights in order to transfer the day-to-day management of those loans to a different company.” That's another huge sign that Fannie Mae is overpaying. If the rights were really worth $500 million, wouldn't a private company pay that for them? Instead, it sounds like Fannie Mae is doing a bailout two-step, one to BofA and one to whomever takes these rights off Fannie Mae's hands.
Another thing needs to become clear: where did Fannie Mae get the money to do BofA the favor of buying these rights? Fannie Mae just asked for another bailout of its own, seeking a new $5.1 billion infusion last week.
Think about how good this deal is for BofA: it gets to stop the bleeding, or at least cauterize much of the wound in its balance sheet that lousy mortgage servicing rights and mortgage securities liabilities are creating. And it gets half a billion dollars to boot.
And taxpayers? Well, we get to own yet another good chunk of BofA's mess.
Already a year late and tens of millions over budget, the Leslie Barns streetcar house project will drag into July after the TTC's contractor improperly laid 60 metres of track on Leslie St. TTC CEO Andy Byford said the concrete foundation under the road that supports the tracks was improperly installed.
A stretch of Leslie St. south of Queen was closed for months, causing great disruption to area businesses and commuters, while crews installed new tracks to carry streetcars to the new Leslie Barns, also under construction. ( DAVID COOPER / TORONTO STAR FILE PHOTO )
While other fixes were considered, the only reliable solution, he said, is to tear up the tracks and re-do the supporting concrete tubs. "Our surveyors have identified they have laid that foundation material about 80 milimetres (about 4 inches) too high," Byford said Wednesday. "That will lead to a delay of potentially five weeks in order for them to break up that surface and then relay it," he said.
Article Continued Below
Byford said he didn't know the cost of the mistake, but it is not the TTC's fault and it will be borne by the constractor, Pomerleau construction. It will be noisy, dusty work that will be disriptive to area residents, he said. The project was originally expected to be completed last fall. The most recent deadline was June. Now, it will be mid-July before the streetcar tracks are finished, Byford said. At the same time, Eastern Ave. is down to one lane eastbound at Woodfield Rd., said local Councillor Paula Fletcher (open Paula Fletcher's policard), who said road closures are forcing traffic up residential streets, affecting the entire area. "It is a full-fledged mess," she said.
"Construction management is a difficult thing at the TTC. This is not the way to run a railroad," she said. Businesses in the east end, including the plaza south of Lake Shore Blvd. E. anchored by a Canadian Tire store, have been hit hard since Leslie was torn up in 2013 to lay the tracks, which lead to the new giant streetcar house for the TTC's fresh fleet of Bombardier vehicles.
Article Continued Below
The cost of the project ballooned from about $14 million to $105 million when crews discovered the need for new sewers and water valves under the street. Residents, who had been looking forward to a quieter summer than last year, are frustrated too, said Janet MacDonald, who lives in a 93-unit townhouse development near Queen and Leslie. "One of the frightening things is, when they're doing the heavy work with the concrete breaking — even our houses (those farthest from Leslie St.) — we're getting severe vibrations up on the third floor of the house, so hard you can feel it if you're lying in bed or sitting on a chair. Things were falling off shelves," she said. TTC officials told MacDonald they didn't know why she was feeling the vibrations so far from the construction, she said. "It would be really nice if Mr. Byford sent a letter to everyone thanking them for their patience, because this was dragging on so long. Just the detours alone — I'm going to add up at some point how much extra driving it was. We're getting no compensation at all," she said. MacDonald, who is recovering from knee surgery, said she delayed the procedure, expecting she would have street parking near her condo while her mobility was impaired. Eventually, after many construction deadlines passed, she went ahead and now is recovering at her daughter's home nearby, where she can be transported by car close to the house.
.
Letras del poder
Racismo, casta y el
restaurante de Elena Reygadas
Por Gibrán Ramírez Reyes*
@GibranRR
.
El pasado 6 de enero impidieron la entrada de uno de mis seres más queridos al restaurante Lardo, en la Condesa, por su color de piel. Se trata de una propiedad de Elena Reygadas, dueña de Rosetta y una de las chefs del momento en México, opuesta al nacionalismo culinario —incluso reacia a llamar mexicana a su cocina, lo que me parece una decisión válida en su campo— y los complejos que nos hacen ir “nada más con la bandera precolombina” (El País, 5/10/15). Hago la denuncia del caso porque la considero de interés público, ya que da cuenta de un problema estructural de nuestra sociedad y que nos ocupa menos de lo que debería: el racismo. Y porque Elena Reygadas es un personaje de la vida pública mexicana y a menudo referente del país en ciertos ámbitos.
La certeza de que se trató de un acto racista no se funda únicamente en el hecho de que impidieran el paso a una joven pareja morena a un restaurante vacío y a la causa que les dieron: “no tienen reservación y sin reservación no hay servicio” (lo que Lardo mismo desmiente en su sitio web), sino también a quejas similares por parte de otros usuarios en sus páginas de Facebook. Un par de ejemplos: a alguien que tenía reservación le dijeron que hubo un error y no estaba apuntado. No lo dejaron pasar. También se negaron a servir comida a una mujer y, tras venderle un café, le prohibieron ocupar una mesa. Habrá quien diga que el asunto pudo deberse más a la vestimenta que al color de piel, pero eso es irrelevante. Además, en mi experiencia, ni siquiera en los paranoicos Sanborns son vigilados de la misma forma los blancos fachosos que los morenos. La forma de conducirse del restaurante no es sólo indecente e inmoral, es ilegal.
Es poco probable que —tras varios incidentes en que puede presumirse discriminación y su contraste con experiencias muy distintas— la dueña no se haya enterado y por eso no hiciera algo al respecto, cuando ni siquiera en Facebook o Twitter se dan por notificados de esos episodios y simplemente los ignoran. Sin embargo, puede haber ocurrido.
Pero también podría estar pasando otra cosa: que estemos ante el comportamiento típico de un segmento de la sociedad que restringe ciertos espacios y que para guardar un aura de distinción y exclusividad —que es siempre exclusión— utiliza como criterio el color de piel.
Ni invención ni paranoia: Mario Arriagada documentó sobradamente los criterios raciales que siguen las revistas de sociales para sus fotografías donde “si la piel morena está acompañada de apellidos o rasgos mediterráneos salen sin problemas, pero si son rasgos mesoamericanos, no”. “Hasta los charros, la gente que va al Estadio Azteca y a los toros parecen ser to-dos blancos”, remata Arriagada.
Poco después de que se publicara el ensayo de Arriagada, si recuerdo bien, se hizo público que agencias de modelaje siguen los mismos cánones de exclusión de la piel morena a menos de que busquen belleza “exótica” —enunciación sintomática en un país donde hay gente más morena que blanca. Estos comportamientos no son, desgraciadamente, extraños. Es casi obvio que se extienden a espacios físicos como restaurantes y tiendas y, en consecuencia, no sería extraño que el Lardo de Reygadas tuviera criterios similares para no incomodar con disruptivos morenos la estética tradicional de la elite mexicana. Es posible, entonces, que Lardo funcione como Quién y Caras: con una dinámica de casta, donde los morenos pueden ser fotógrafos, cocineros o meseros para estar en su lugar.
El racismo, tejido con el clasismo cual sistema de castas (insisto), ha condicionado las percepciones estéticas y hasta éticas.
Estando en un café de la UNAM un amigo —español, en su primera semana en México— me dijo, en pocas palabras: “estoy impresionado de lo racista que es este país y que nadie parece darse cuenta. Aquí mismo, ahora, los únicos morenos en este local son tú y aquel mesero. En los puestos de decisión académica los funcionarios, por su fisonomía, podrían ser igual españoles o italianos y sólo entrando al Metro puedes darte cuenta que los morenos como tú son mayoría”.
Lo que decía mi amigo es cierto. El racismo mexicano es omnipresente pero tendemos —quizá justo por eso o porque nuestra ignorancia, individualismo y desinterés nos orilla a aceptarlo sin cuestionarlo porque “siempre ha sido así”— a ignorarlo para vivir tranquilos con nuestra conciencia, y porque está fundido con otra forma de discriminación, clasista, que se acepta con menos rubor aunque se disfrace. Hay quien dice, por ejemplo, que no condena a los pobres sino a los nacos y que son cosas muy diferentes, aun cuando es claro para quien quiera verlo que la naquitud —por decirlo de algún modo— fue originalmente un conglomerado de comportamientos de clase que casualmente pueden identificarse mayoritariamente con rasgos raciales. No es gratuito que “prieto” siga funcionando como insulto.
Por unas y otras razones, hay un sinfín de hechos violentos en función de una estética determinada por el color de piel asociado a un status económico y eso es simplemente inaceptable.
Que quede constancia de una denuncia más de esta realidad.
.
TE RECOMENDAMOS:
•
