Habiba Addo is a native of Ghana and a guest teacher and performer for Portland Public Schools. She has performed and taught dance, rhythm and stories from Ghana, Guinea, Gambia and Senegal, in the United States and internationally for over fifteen years. She also educates on the rich African cultures present today in Cuba and Brazil.
Through her years of educating and performing, Habiba has been affiliated with many notable local and national organizations, including: Young Audiences, White Bird, the Oregon Ballet Theater and the Northwest Afrikan American Ballet, as well as the Milagro Bailadores and the Portland State University World Dance Office. She is a recipient of the Lila Jewel award, as well as the Arts Alive grant and multiple technical assistant grants from the Regional Arts and Culture Council.
With her passion for preserving and rejuvenating cultural education through storytelling in her daily work, Habiba has begun collecting folktales from all across Ghana in an effort to publish a book that will highlight each unique region across the country, in an effort to revive cultural history and pride in a world so often forgotten by the advent of new technology and the homogenizing of cultures across the world.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CLAYTON, Mo. -- A 35-year-old Missouri mother was charged Friday for felony child endangerment after allegedly poisoning her 9-year-old son intentionally with prescription drugs, KTVI reported.
The mother and son live in the northwest Missouri city of Meadville, it was in St. Louis that doctors discovered the alleged overdoses.
Rachel Kinsella had been taking her son to the St. Louis Children's Hospital to be treated for epilepsy, but doctors discovered that he was falling seriously ill over and over again from a dangerous combination of two prescription drugs, given to him over the course of about a year.
Prosecutors say the mother was able to poison him for so long because she was taking to him to two different doctors, one in St. Louis and the other in Kansas City at Children's Mercy. Neither doctor knew about the other, which was Kinsella's attempt to hide the abuse, they said.
"The child, when he would present at the hospital in very serious condition, would get much better while he was there," St. Louis County Prosecutor Bob McCulloch said. "When he was returned to her custody he got sick again. And apparently was being treated by two different doctors, apparently unknown to each other."
The child was put into protective custody in January and is now living with his paternal grandparents. He is "thriving," according to KTVI, and has no lasting effects from the overdoses.
Kinsella's lawyer Greg Smith denies the allegation and says the mother wants her son back, saying "...we are prepared to fight the good fight."
Smith denies that Kinsella exhibited a case of Munchausen by proxy, a condition in which a mother purposely makes a child ill to attract attention to herself. Court documents say she admits to giving her son the wrong medication by accident "on occasion."
Missouri is the only state in the U.S. without a prescription medicine database, which would allow doctors and pharmacists to see every medication that has been prescribed to a patient.
Kinsella has been released from the St. Louis County Jail after paying 10 percent of her $50,000 bond.
Odessa Oldham learned the importance of agriculture to Native Americans as a child raising and showing sheep on the Navajo Reservation in New Mexico. She learned the value of a quality FFA program when, at age 13, her family moved to Lander, Wyoming, and her new advisor helped put her and her siblings on the path to running their own ranch.
Now a senior at the University of Wyoming, Odessa is helping other Native American youth embrace their agricultural roots as a way to build a better future. Odessa spent the past several weeks learning various aspects of ag lending at FCSAmerica. She takes these and other experiences with her as she heads to the second annual Summer Leadership Summit for Native Youth in Food & Agriculture at the University of Arkansas School of Law. Odessa co-founded the program with Janie Hipp, formerly with the Tribal Relations Department at the USDA and now with the Arkansas School of Law.
An early start in ranching
In its first year, the leadership summit provided 44 students representing 23 tribes with an all-expense-paid week in Fayetteville, where they shared their cultures, learned about ag-related careers and developed business plans for small ag enterprises. Seventy-five students from 43 tribes have been chosen to participate in the 2015 summit, July 21 to 25.
Many of the students who attended last year had no ties to agriculture. Many more started the week uncertain about their future, saying they were unlikely to attend college and unsure if they wanted a career in ag.
By the end of the week, Odessa saw a shift. The number of students who said they were likely to continue their education had grown. Several left determined to implement their business plans. A community garden grows on a reservation in California, Odessa says, because summit participants returned home and convinced tribal leaders they had a workable business plan. Two young women from South Dakota have shifted their educational plans to include ag-related studies.
Changing lives through Summer Leadership Summit
Odessa shares her own story to help Native American youth find a place for themselves in agriculture. She tells them about the FFA advisor who urged her and her brother to buy their first heifers. Her FFA experience was so transformative that she works with reservation schools to start their own chapters.
She talks about her father, a veterinarian who grew up on a Wyoming farm. He walked Odessa and her brother through loan process so they could buy seven heifers each. He taught them good nutrition and husbandry practices. He encouraged them to become landowners, sometimes partnering in their purchases.
She talks about the management skills of her mother, whose Navajo lineage includes sheep ranchers, and her maternal grandmother's push for education. And she talks about her older brother, who heads off to vet school at Washington University this fall. He is the reason their 14 heifers grew into a 600-head operation known as All-Natural Beef and Lamb.
While still in high school, Odessa and her brother expanded their herd to about 40 heifers and were running 400 head for a neighbor. Her brother, working with Dad, devised a business plan to run their own herd, one large enough to pay off their land. Odessa now has 200 head, her brother 200 and an older sister who works in Colorado has 200. Their younger brother, still in high school, also is involved in the ranch. The Oldham family soon will add a wild horse refuge to their many enterprises.
Over the years, Odessa says, her family has taught her a valuable lesson that she imparts to other: It doesn't matter the job, big or small. In agriculture, everyone's contribution is important.
Community Service Central to Oldham Family Ranch
OTTAWA—Federal political parties have joined forces to ensure notorious sex killer Karla Homolka won't be pardoned for her gruesome crimes. The four parties struck an 11th-hour deal Wednesday to hive off measures in a pardon-reform bill that would effectively ban Homolka from receiving a pardon.
Karla Homolka is driven away from court to begin serving a 12-year sentence in this 1993 photo. ( Peter Power / TORONTO STAR FILE PHOTO )
The measures are to be passed at all stages by the end of the day Thursday, when the House of Commons is expected to adjourn for the summer. The Senate, which will sit several weeks longer, must also pass the bill before it can go into effect. Other more contentious provisions of the bill will proceed at a more leisurely pace when Parliament resumes in late September.
Article Continued Below
Homolka, who served a 12-year sentence for her role in the rape-murders of Ontario teens Leslie Mahaffy and Kristen French, is eligible to apply for a pardon as of July 4. “My family is forced to relive the pain and horror every time that woman's name is in the news. A pardon would be unthinkable,” said Talin French-Doyle, one of Kristen French's relatives, in a press release. “Forgiveness is the right of a victim, not a requirement of the state.” There is no confirmation that Homolka actually plans to apply for a pardon. But the theoretical prospect led to an ugly round of finger-pointing Wednesday among the four parties over who would be held responsible if the pardon reform bill isn't passed in time to prevent a possible Homolka pardon. With no party wanting to take the blame, a deal seemed inevitable despite the overheated rhetoric. Public Safety Minister Vic Toews confirmed late in the day that a deal had been struck.
“On the critical area of our bill so as to prevent notorious criminals from receiving a pardon, we have an agreement,” Toews said. As to Homolka, he added: “That kind of person would not be able to get a pardon.”
Article Continued Below
Toews would not go into detail but sources said the parties have agreed to essentially split the original bill in two. Under the provisions that will pass immediately, anyone convicted of a serious personal injury offence — including manslaughter, violent assault and sexual assault — will have to wait 10 years after release from prison before applying for a pardon. Currently, they must wait three to five years. Moreover, the National Parole Board, which now rubberstamps most pardon applications, will be given the discretion to deny a pardon if it would severely damage the reputation of the justice system. The latter provision is meant to ban someone like Homolka from receiving a pardon. Provisions that will wait until the fall to proceed include a proposed ban on pardons for anyone convicted of three indictable offences. Opposition parties are concerned that goes too far, potentially denying a pardon to someone who may have committed relatively minor offences in their youth, such as forging several cheques. Earlier Wednesday, Toews and his fellow Conservatives used the spectre of a Homolka pardon to try to stampede the three opposition parties into speedily passing the entire pardon-reform bill. “Enough games from the opposition,” Toews declared at one point in the Commons. “We are committed to preventing the pardoning of notorious criminals now. Why will the Liberals not support us?” However, the opposition parties steadfastly refused to expedite passage of the bill in its entirety. They accused the government of deliberately delaying the bill — which was introduced a month ago and has made little legislative progress since — to create a last-minute crisis. “It's their fault, not ours,” said Liberal Leader Michael Ignatieff. NDP Leader Jack Layton said the government deliberately waited until the dying seconds of the parliamentary sitting in a bid to “prevent debate on all the other items that are in (the bill) and perhaps pin it on this situation regarding Karla Homolka.” Liberal MP and public safety critic Mark Holland was furious that Toews taunted him about supporting a pardon for Homolka — only minutes before the two men were scheduled to meet to discuss ways to split the bill precisely so as to prevent a Homolka pardon. “The level of dishonesty is so disgusting,” Holland fumed. “Do these people have no bottom? Do they have no low to which they will not go?”
Black characters in video games must be more than stereotypes of the inhuman
America's “vision” of the Black male body is one of threat, menace, and labor. Unfortunately, that's exactly how they end up represented in games.
In the TIME Magazine article "All the Ways Darren Wilson Described Being Afraid of Michael Brown," the former Ferguson police officer describes the August 2014 confrontation that left the teenager dead: “When I grabbed him, the only way I can describe it is I felt like a five-year-old holding on Hulk Hogan.”
Wilson's description of an almost-inhuman rage in in the 18 year-old Brown made headlines across the country:
“...he looked up at me and had the most intense and aggressive face. The only way I can describe it, it looks like a demon, that's how angry he looked.”
Critic Austin Walker put it best: "When Darren Wilson says he saw Mike Brown as ‘a demon' the problem isn't with his eyes, it's with what America told him demons look like." In other words, Wilson saw Brown's anger not as a valid emotion from a person targeted and harassed by a police officer, but as supernaturally threatening.
America's “vision” of the Black male body is one of threat, menace and labor. And unfortunately, media representation follows suit: Black men in fiction are imposing, hulking, brutish figures. While many games add Black male characters for the sake of “diversity,” the representation of Black men in games is embarrassingly uniform.
There's Jax from Mortal Kombat, Barrett from Final Fantasy VII, and Cole from Gears of War: All robust, muscular Black men, all above 6'4" with military or athletic experience and loud, brash personalities. Jax and Barrett's open shirts emphasize their built chests, while their cybernetic enhancements, covering their arms and biceps, further emphasize how dangerous their arms are. Batman: Arkham Knight's Albert King and Street Fighter's Balrog are much the same, just without the armored fists. They wear boxing equipment instead, much to the same effect—highlighting their physical strength.
Jax, Barrett and Balrog all first appeared in the early to mid 90's: Balrog in '91, Jax in '93 and Barrett in '97. While the contemporary racial anxieties about gangsta rap, gang violence and the War on Drugs no doubt influenced their design, it's striking how they're indistinguishable from characters like Cole (2008) or Albert (2015), who debuted decades later. Has our perception of Black masculinity changed at all in the last 20 years?
Consider the design evolution of Tomb Raider's Lara Croft's design evolution since her debut in 1996. She is continually revisited, and her 2013 redesign—a plausible muscular figure and sensible clothes had replaced the iconic cone-shaped breasts and hot shorts— was celebrated as representative of a shift in the industry's views on women and women gamers. But the staid design of Black men over more than 20 years illustrates the cementing of tired, racist anxieties.
Lara's redesign is often credited as a refutation of the “male gaze.” To refute the “gaze” means to articulate how the subject of the gaze is shaped by the misperceptions and prejudices of the spectator. Will the games industry respond to critique of the “white gaze” and evolve designs of people of color, particularly Black men? To see the white gaze in action, compare Wilson's description of Brown to the first time Heart of Darkness author Joseph Conrad writes about his first time seeing a Black man in 1899:
“A certain enormous buck n----r encountered in Haiti fixed my conception of blind, furious, unreasoning rage, as manifested in the human animal to the end of my days. Of the n----r I used to dream for years afterwards.”
Conrad and Wilson's descriptions are united by the notion of inhumanity—Wilson saw a “demon” while Conrad saw a “human animal.” From the white gaze, Black physical strength signified something inhuman: animalistic or supernatural. And so when the image of Black men in games uniformly emphasizes their bodies as muscular and dangerous, we have a problem: In the virtual absence of diversity within and among Black male characters, these physical attributes become definitional to Blackness itself. Part of this is genre—action, adventure and fighting games generally demand combat-ready men. However, white male characters aren't held under a gaze that views their physical prowess as inhumanity.
Greater diversity among the Black men portrayed in games—diversity of their bodies, their minds, their motives and personalities—is entirely possible, because it already exists. Larger scholarship on Black representation incorporates the concept of the diaspora, or "peoples living outside their traditional homeland," Literature on the African diaspora transcends the routinely linear concept of “diversity” because it globalizes the nuances of Blackness to include African Americans, Afro Latinos, Black Europeans, African and Afro-Caribbean natives. Interestingly, the few Black men who don't use their muscles to fight—the warlocks, wizards, mages and mystics in games—are often modeled after African and Afro-Caribbean native peoples.
Fantasy RPGs can offer excellent insight into the politics of race and the concept of the diaspora. For example, in Bethesda's 2006 classic Oblivion, the player meets a rare Redguard mage.The Redguards are a race of Black warriors living in the deserts of Hammerfell.
"I'm Trayvond the Redguard, Mages Guild Evoker. Surprised? Yes, you don't see many Redguards in the Mages Guild. We don't much like spellcasters in Hammerfell. Wizards steal souls and tamper with minds. If you use magic, you're weak or wicked. My family didn't approve of my vocation, so I had to come to Cyrodiil for my education.”
Although a white-reading character has very similar dialogue in Skyrim, this sentiment from a Black character speaks to a diasporic cultural divide and thus a plurality of viewpoints from Black characters. This is in stark contrast to the uniformity in design and personality from Black characters for the past 20 years.
“Black magic”—magically inclined, Black-reading characters—have become the primary way for designers to explore less repetitive designs for Black men. Soul Calibur's Zasalamel is an African man who wields a scythe and uses magic as part of his moveset. Insteaed of emphasizing his muscles, his white robes and lunar iconograpy imply a religious figure. He's later revealed to be an ancient African mystic doomed to endless reincarnation for tampering with powerful magics. Although he initially seeks his own death, he later accepts his fate and becomes a benevolent protector for all mankind. This doesn't make him “better” than his genre counterparts Jax or Balrog, but shows the many narratives posibilities ignored by routine might-makes-right representations of Black men.
Of course, mystical characters outside the American diaspora don't always get to escape the white gaze. Diablo 3's Witch Doctor is a dark skinned man or woman in tribal garb, summoning zombie dogs and wielding shrunken head fetishes in battle. The Witch Doctor is a caricature of the Afro-Caribbean religion of Voodoo, where reverence for spirits and the ancestors becomes an exoticized ‘oogabooga' mishmash that decontextualizes a complex religion and uses only the most easily recognized symbols and iconography. The Witch Doctor's very similar, in terms of aesthetic design and how blatantly it borrows from stereotypes, Street Fighter II's Dhalsim, an "indian Yogi" character sporting face paint and a necklace of skulls, who debuted to very similar criticism in 1992. Black magic can be an interesting way of exploring the diaspora, but it is no panacea.
Thinking about white gaze and the diaspora when designing Black characters would provoke crucial questions. If a designer is asked to create a "Black" character, they must ask: what does the developer mean by 'Black'? Are they African American? Afro-Carribean? An African native? How can I convey one vs. the other? Are they supernatural in some sense? Are their powers somehow rooted in their ethnicity? Do they have to be? What does my design say about how I view Black peoples? What message am I sending players about people of color in my game's world?”
Character designs carry both implied and inferred assumption about Blackness. It's crucial that we go beyond just "diversity" to demand genuine engagement and accountability from designers. We must ask them to stop taking for granted the complicated meanings of race and their characters' colors.
You need your own separate supercomputer to track the lies and ever-changing positions coming out of these people. After telling us for weeks that Hillary is really ahead in the popular vote (she's not), now the campaign is saying that popular vote doesn't matter, delegates matter. And they're saying that Obama is ahead in delegates. So, why are they still here? It sounds to me like Clinton's campaign thinks that somehow, after this coming Saturday, they're going to miraculously overtake Obama in delegates, so now they're again making the delegates argument. But they're not going to overtake him in delegates. The only way they can do that is if the superdelegates overrule the votes of millions of Democratic voters. Fat chance of that. Not to mention, it would be rather hilarious for Hillary to now be arguing (and she is, and has been for a while) that every vote counts, only to then be urging elite party leaders in Washington to overturn all of those voters she just “fought” for.
[youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqK36w2aALM]
While traditional hard drive pricing remains inflated after last year's Thai floods, the cost of SSDs continues to drop. The Tech Report took a look at the average cost of a number of popular solid state drives over the past year and charted the falling prices over a series of graphs.
The site found that the price for drives from OCZ, Corsair, and Crucial have fallen dramatically over the past year, with the larger 240GB / 256GB models dropping by over 50 percent in most cases. Samsung's 830 Series SSDs started at a lower cost than the others, but have settled into a similar price range today. The only buck to the trend is the Intel 320 Series, which uses a proprietary Intel controller and hasn't fluctuated much since its release. The newer Intel 520 Series, which uses the same SandForce controller as found in the majority of drives, is still pricier than most, as Intel differentiates its drives with custom firmware it says gives higher performance levels than its competitors' SSDs
Overall, the statistics show a huge 48 percent drop in the average price of a flash storage drive. Several models finally fall beneath the hallowed $1 per GB threshold, making them a viable alternative to regular hard drives. It's worth noting that although inferior in terms of performance and reliability, mechanical hard drives are still vastly cheaper — a 1TB HDD at $99.99 gives a per-GB cost of $0.10 — but if the SSD premium continues to fall at the current rate, we could see solid state drives achieve price parity with their HDD equivalents within just four years.
The NOPD is asking for the public's help in finding a man who they said may have information about the Monday rape and kidnapping of a woman in the Garden District. Police stress that the man they are seeking, whose identity is not known, is not a suspect in the case.
Meanwhile, aside from assigning a task force to the area where the attack was reported, the Garden District Security District is increasing patrols in the neighborhood. The district encourages neighbors to use the patrol escort service as often as possible and asks residents to report any suspicious activity to the NOPD immediately. Patrol officers can be reached at 504.899.4373.
NOPD needs help finding this man
"Our hearts go out to the victim and her family," Isabel Sanders, president of the security district, said in a statement. "We will do everything we can to assist in the apprehension of the perpetrators." The security district said neighbors provided video footage of the area, which may have given the NOPD valuable leads in the case.
Police urge anyone with information regarding this incident to contact Detective Derrick Williams at 504.658.5533 or deawilliams@nola.gov or Crimestoppers at 504.822.1111.
Protesters massing at Union Square (Courtesy @WookieTV)
Always with the marching! Thousands of demonstrators, many of them union members, are currently marching on Broadway, from Herald Square to Union Square, where the march will continue down to Zuccotti Park. The late-afternoon protest comes on the heels of a smaller march last night from Bryant Park to the Sheraton Hotel, where police corralled protesters in a "free speech zone" and refused to let them disperse until President Obama was done speaking at a fundraiser. Now they're at it again, and Mother Jones reporter Josh Harkinson says, "My office off Broadway is surrounded by police barricades, cop cars, and helicopters."
The Central Labor Council organized this "March for Jobs and Economic Fairness" in conjunction with the Occupy Wall Street protesters and unions; in a statement, the Council says the protest "is not just for the labor movement, but for everyone who is frustrated and worried about the growing economic disparity in this country. It's for anyone who has ever agonized about finding a job, paying for college, meeting a mortgage payment, or how to buy enough food for dinner. There are 14 million unemployed in America, while the richest 1% has tripled its wealth over the past 30 years."
And later tonight, at 10:30 there will be an Occupy Wall Street General Assembly at Lincoln Center, where Philip Glass's opera Satyagraha, which depicts Gandhi's early struggle against colonial oppression in South Africa, is being performed. Glass is expected to join the General Assembly and give a statement. Protesters say they plan to have a "conversation about the effects of increased privatization and corporatization of all aspects of society, and the use of nonviolent civil disobedience around the world to reclaim the commons."
Malicious apps that disable Android phones until owners pay a hefty ransom are growing increasingly malevolent and sophisticated as evidenced by a newly discovered sample that resets device PIN locks, an advance that requires a factory reset.
Dubbed Android/Lockerpin.A, the app first tricks inexperienced users into granting it device administrator privileges. To achieve this, it overlays a bogus patch installation window on top of an activation notice. When targets click on the continue button, they really grant the malicious app elevated rights that allow it to make changes to the Android settings. From there, Lockerpin sets or resets the PIN that unlocks the screen lock, effectively requiring users to perform a factory reset to regain control over the device. By contrast, earlier forms of Android ransomware generally were thwarted, usually by deactivating administrator privileges and then uninstalling the app after the infected device is booted into safe mode.
"After clicking on the button, the user's device is doomed," Lukas Stefanko, a researcher with antivirus provider Eset, wrote in a blog post published Thursday. "The trojan app has obtained administrator rights silently and now can lock [the] device—and even worse, it set[s] a new PIN for the lock screen. Not long after, the user will be prompted to pay a $US500 ransom for allegedly viewing and harboring forbidden pornographic material."
Experienced Android users would likely be suspicious of the fake update windows at the top of this post, but it's entirely plausible newer users would fall for them. Once the continue button is pressed, the app will acquire administrator rights. From there it will change the PIN and periodically continue to overlay a fake window in an attempt to hold on to the elevated privileges. It's the first known Android lock-screen ransomware to set a phone's PIN lock. Because it requires non-paying victims to factory reset their phones, it causes them to lose all of their data.
At the moment, the app is notable mostly for the innovation it shows rather than the real-world threat it poses. That's because it's distributed in third-party app stores and masquerades as an app for serving pornography. Still, it wouldn't be surprising to see this type of app evolve further. If it were to find its way into the official Google Play market— as happens regularly with malicious Android apps —it could represent a real threat for a much larger number of people.
Annual FBI crime statistics show that more people are killed with clubs and hammers each year than by rifles or shotguns.
In 2011, there were 323 murders committed with a rifle but 496 murders committed with hammers and clubs. There were 356 murders in which a shotgun was the deadly weapon of choice.
The national debate on guns has grown more intense since Dec. 14, when Adam Lanza forced his way into Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Conn., and killed 20 children and six adults before committing suicide in one of the deadliest school shootings in U.S. history.
Gun vendors told news outlets that the hottest items were such weapons as the AR-15, a semiautomatic rifle that Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., has proposed banning as part of a package of gun regulations. The AR-15 rifle is the same weapon used by Lanza during the elementary school shooting.
The law currently proposed by Sen. Feinstein would strengthen the expired 1994 “Assault Weapons” ban, outlaw certain rifles and handguns, and restrict “high capacity” magazines, in addition to compulsory gun registration under the National Firearms Act, Reuters reports.
“If I could have gotten 51 votes in the Senate of the United States for an outright ban, picking up every one of them, Mr. and Mrs. America turn them all in, I would have done it. I could not do that. The votes weren't here,” Feinstein told MRC-TV in a 1995 interview.
On the other hand, National Rifle Association Executive Vice President Wayne LaPierre called on Congress to pass a law putting armed police officers in every school in America in a December press conference.
The number of FBI background checks required for Americans buying guns set a record in December. According to Reuters, the FBI recorded 2.78 million background checks during the month, surpassing the mark set in November of 2.01 million checks – about a 39 percent rise.
The latest monthly figure was up 49 percent over December 2011, when the FBI performed a then-record 1.86 million checks.
The FBI report concedes that some of the “murder by rifle” statistics should be increased slightly because some murders don't take non-categorized types of guns into account. However, the data still shows that the amount of people killed by hammers, clubs and other blunt instruments still continues to rise each year.
Even as gun purchases rise, the share of U.S. households with a gun has been falling for decades, from 54 percent in 1977 to 32 percent in 2010, according to the University of Chicago's General Social Survey.
--Brady then completed a pass down the hashes to Edelman on a flea flicker, though Van Noy was right there in coverage. The linebacker has been pretty impressive in his coverage early in camp, showing his versatility and athleticism.
--Garoppolo had a throw early in the team action that fell to the grass in ugly fashion. Tough to tell who the bad ball was actually intended for.
--Garoppolo did hit a deep ball score to Cooks. The ball was a bit underthrown but not enough to allow Ebner or Harmon to make the play.
--Garoppolo hit Rob Gronkowski crossing despite decent coverage from Richards. The All-Pro then turned up field and sprinted toward the end zone. Linebacker Elandon Roberts chased the whole way and tried to punch the ball out. The second-year thumper certainly puts his all into every play and goes down fighting feistily.
--The first offensive line to take reps in the team action included LT Solder, LG Thuney, C Andrews, RG Shaq Mason and RT Marcus Cannon.
--On one team rep on the goal line Solder worked as a blocking tight end on the right side, announced as eligible to the defense by Belichick, with Cameron Fleming actually lining up at left tackle.
--Harmon went down awkwardly defending a pass in the end zone. Immediately trainers and medical staff came on to check the safety's right knee. He limped off under his own power and watched the rest of the day's action. But he didn't appear to be limping too badly after practice and stayed on the field for an extended time talking to family and friends, likely a good sign.
--Brady never lacks for fire, shown again when he turned and screamed toward the defensive sideline after Gillislee punched in his first goal line touchdown.
--Brady locked onto Gronkowski in the low red zone and threw to the big tight end with Richards draped all over him. Gronk got his hands on the ball but the third-year safety made a nice play to knock it away as they fell to the turf.
--Richards has looked solid in the start to his third camp. The safety has really not been able to find playing time on defense over his first two seasons. Of course that will remain difficult for the former second-round pick with McCourty, Chung and Harmon still on the depth chart.
--The second group of linemen for the goal line work included LT Fleming, LG Croston, C Karras, RG Douglas and RT Waddle.
Sad news today that Ronald Coase has passed away; he was still working, often on the Chinese economy, at the incredible age of 102. Coase is best known to economists for two statements: that transaction costs explain many puzzles in the organization of society, and that pricing for durable goods presents a particular worry since even a monopolist selling a durable good needs to “compete” with its future and past selves. Both of these statements are horribly, horribly misunderstood, particularly the first.
Let's talk first about transaction costs, as in “The Nature of the Firm” and “The Problem of Social Cost”, which are to my knowledge the most cited and the second most cited papers in economics. The Problem of Social Cost leads with its famous cattle versus crops example. A farmer wishes to grow crops, and a rancher wishes his cattle to roam where the crops grow. Should we make the rancher liable for damage to the crops (or restrain the rancher from letting his cattle roam at all!), or indeed ought we restrain the farmer from building a fence where the cattle wish to roam? Coase points out that in some sense both parties are causally responsible for the externality, that there is some socially efficient amount of cattle grazing and crop planting, and that if a bargain can be reached costlessly, then there is some set of side payments where the rancher and the farmer are both better off than having the crops eaten or the cattle fenced. Further, it doesn't matter whether you give grazing rights to the cattle and force the farmer to pay for the “right” to fence and grow crops, or whether you give farming rights and force the rancher to pay for the right to roam his cattle.
This basic principle applies widely in law, where Coase had his largest impact. He cites a case where confectioner machines shake a doctor's office, making it impossible for the doctor to perform certain examinations. The court restricts the ability of the confectioner to use the machine. But Coase points out that if the value of the machine to the confectioner exceeds the harm of shaking to the doctor, then there is scope for a mutually beneficial side payment whereby the machine is used (at some level) and one or the other is compensated. A very powerful idea indeed.
Powerful, but widely misunderstood. I deliberately did not mention property rights above. Coase is often misunderstood (and, to be fair, he does at points in the essay imply this misunderstanding) as saying that property rights are important, because once we have property rights, we have something that can “be priced” when bargaining. Hence property rights + externalities + no transaction costs should lead to no inefficiency if side payments can be made. Dan Usher famously argued that this is “either tautological, incoherent, or wrong”. Costless bargaining is efficient tautologically; if I assume people can agree on socially efficient bargains, then of course they will. The fact that side payments can be agreed upon is true even when there are no property rights at all. Coase says that “[i]t is necessary to know whether the damaging business is liable or not for damage since without the establishment of this initial delimitation of rights there can be no market transactions to transfer and recombine them.” Usher is correct: that statement is wrong. In the absence of property rights, a bargain establishes a contract between parties with novel rights that needn't exist ex-ante.
But all is not lost for Coase. Because the real point of his paper begins with Section VI, not before, when he notes that the case without transaction costs isn't the interesting one. The interesting case is when transaction costs make bargaining difficult. What you should take from Coase is that social efficiency can be enhanced by institutions (including the firm!) which allow socially efficient bargains to be reached by removing restrictive transaction costs, and particularly that the assignment of property rights to different parties can either help or hinder those institutions. One more thing to keep in mind about the Coase Theorem (which Samuelson famously argued was not a theorem at all…): Coase implicitly is referring to Pareto efficiency in his theorem, but since property rights are an endowment, we know from the Welfare Theorems that benefits exceeds costs is not sufficient for maximizing social welfare.
Let's now consider the Coase Conjecture: this conjecture comes, I believe, from a very short 1972 paper, Durability and Monopoly. The idea is simple and clever. Let a monopolist own all of the land in the US. If there was a competitive market in land, the price per unit would be P and all Q units will be sold. Surely a monopolist will sell a reduced quantity Q2 less than Q at price P2 greater than P? But once those are sold, we are in trouble, since the monopolist still has Q-Q2 units of land. Unless the monopolist can commit to never sell that additional land, we all realize he will try to sell it sometime later, at a new maximizing price P3 which is greater than P but less than P2. He then still has some land left over, which he will sell even cheaper in the next period. Hence, why should anyone buy in the first period, knowing the price will fall (and note that the seller who discounts the future has the incentive to make the length between periods of price cutting arbitrarily short)? The monopolist with a durable good is thus unable to make rents. Now, Coase essentially never uses mathematical theorems in his papers, and you game theorists surely can see that there are many auxiliary assumptions about beliefs and the like running in the background here.
Luckily, given the importance of this conjecture to pricing strategies, antitrust, auctions, etc., there has been a ton of work on the problem since 1972. Nancy Stokey (article gated) has a famous paper written here at MEDS showing that the conjecture only holds strictly when the seller is capable of selling in continuous time and the buyers are updating beliefs continuously, though approximate versions of the conjecture hold when periods are discrete. Gul, Sonnenschein and Wilson flesh out the model more completely, generally showing the conjecture to hold in well-defined stationary equilibrium across various assumptions about the demand curve. McAfee and Wiseman show in a recent ReStud that even the tiniest amount of “capacity cost”, or a fee that must be paid in any period for X amount of capacity (i.e., the need to hire sales agents for the land), destroys the Coase reasoning. The idea is that in the final few periods, when I am selling to very few people, even a small capacity cost is large relative to the size of the market, so I won't pay it; backward inducting, then, agents in previous periods know it is not necessarily worthwhile to wait, and hence they buy earlier at the higher price. It goes without saying that there are many more papers in the formal literature.
(Some final notes: Coase's Nobel lecture is well worth reading, as it summarizes the most important thread in his work: “there [are] costs of using the pricing mechanism.” It is these costs that explain why, though markets in general have such amazing features, even in capitalist countries there are large firms run internally as something resembling a command state. McCloskey has a nice brief article which generally blames Stigler for the misunderstanding of Coase's work. Also, while gathering some PDFs for this article, I was shocked to see that Ithaka, who run JSTOR, is now filing DMCA takedowns with Google against people who host some of these legendary papers (like “Problem of Social Cost”) on their academic websites. What ridiculousness from a non-profit that claims its mission is to “help the academic community use digital technologies to preserve the scholarly record.”)
AUGUSTA — Maine's highest court concluded Tuesday that the nation's first statewide ranked-choice voting system violates the Maine Constitution even though it was approved by the state's voters in a referendum in November.
In a unanimous advisory opinion, the seven justices on the Maine Supreme Judicial Court acknowledged the validity of citizen-initiative ballot questions but noted that even citizen-enacted laws can be unconstitutional.
“The object must always be to ‘ascertain the will of the people,'” the court wrote. “Nonetheless, when a statute – including one enacted by citizen initiative – conflicts with a constitutional provision, the constitution prevails.”
The court opinion itself doesn't negate ranked-choice voting, which was supported by 52 percent of Mainers who cast ballots last fall. The justices instead spelled out the Legislature's options, noting that lawmakers can now vote to repeal the measure or to initiate the process that leads to a constitutional amendment to allow for ranked-choice voting.
One Democratic lawmaker, Sen. Cathy Breen of Falmouth, said she would submit a bill to amend the Constitution.
“I'm grateful to the court for so clearly laying out the path we must take if we want ranked-choice voting to become law, as voters intended,” Breen said. “Voters in Maine approved ranked-choice voting because they're tired of politics as usual. They want a better way forward, one that's less partisan and more inclusive.”
However, the deadline for introducing legislation has passed, so Breen will need approval from the Legislative Council, which is composed of legislative leaders from both parties. Republicans are generally opposed to the ranked-choice system, and they are likely to withhold approval for Breen to submit a bill.
The council will meet Wednesday to decide what action should be taken by the Legislature, which is set to adjourn in mid-June.
A bill like Breen's that proposes a constitutional amendment would approval by a two-thirds vote in the Legislature. It would then go to voters, who could approve it by a simple majority.
“We will weigh it, we will look at it, but obviously you've heard the same things I've heard – that there isn't a lot of support for that concept,” Senate President Mike Thibodeau, R-Winterport, said Tuesday of the constitutional amendment proposal.
REPEAL OF LAW MORE LIKELY
A more likely outcome is that lawmakers will vote to repeal the ranked-choice measure and send the repeal to Gov. Paul LePage for his signature. LePage does not support ranked-choice voting.
“The governor has said all along that ranked-choice voting is unconstitutional,” said LePage spokesman Peter Steele. “The constitution of the state of Maine is not ambiguous; it clearly states candidates win with a plurality.”
The ranked-choice system fundamentally changes the way voters would select legislators, the governor and Maine's four congressional delegates. Voters would rank candidates in order of preference. If no candidate had more than 50 percent of votes, the candidate with the fewest votes would be eliminated. Voters who chose the eliminated candidate would have their ballots added to the totals of their second-ranked candidate, and the ballots would be retabulated. The process would continue until one candidate had a clear majority and was declared the winner.
But Maine's Constitution calls for candidates to be selected by plurality, in which the candidate with the most votes wins, even if the vote total is less than a majority.
“The Act (the ranked-choice system), in contrast, would not declare the plurality candidate the winner of the election, but would require continued tabulation until a majority is achieved or all votes are exhausted,” the court wrote. “Accordingly, the Act is not simply another method of carrying out the constitution's requirement of a plurality. In essence, the Act is inapplicable if there are only two candidates, and it is in direct conflict with the constitution if there are more than two candidates.”
Maine has a long history of three or more candidates in its gubernatorial elections, with the winner frequently receiving less than 50 percent of the total statewide vote. The last first-time candidate for governor to win more than 50 percent of the vote was Democrat Ken Curtis, who had 53 percent in 1966.
The court said there was a degree of urgency to their decision.
“Both campaigning and voting will be substantially affected by the nature of the voting process,” the justices wrote. “The time to plan and organize a fair and impartial election is at hand and the doubt surrounding the constitutionality of the Ranked-Choice Voting Act casts uncertainty on all aspects of voting preparation.”
Kyle Bailey, spokesman for the Committee on Ranked Choice Voting, which supported the measure, said the court's opinion indicated to him that the Legislature needs to pursue a constitutional amendment. Bailey said more than 400,000 Maine voters supported the change and expected to see ranked-choice voting in place for 2018.
“Our legislators were elected last November on the same ballot as ranked-choice voting,” Bailey said. “They have a duty and a privilege, a responsibility to carry out the will of the people.”
CRITICISM OF INITIATIVE PROCESS
Others had a different perspective on the court's opinion.
House Minority Leader Ken Fredette, R-Newport, used the opinion to voice his frustration with the citizen initiative process, which he said was “spinning out of control.”
Assistant Minority Leader Rep. Ellie Espling, R-New Gloucester, said the decision “reinforces the problems that arise when we send unvetted legislation out to referendum.”
Dick Woodbury, a former independent state senator from Yarmouth, said the court's opinion did not apply to primary elections or to federal congressional elections, and without any action from the Legislature the law would stand in those elections. He said the Secretary of State's Office should immediately implement ranked-choice voting for federal elections.
But Thibodeau, the Senate president, said he and other lawmakers do not want Maine to have two election systems.
“We can't have folks going to the polls and voting in one regard for state offices and in another regard for federal offices,” Thibodeau said. “That would be too confusing to many of the voters and that would not be fair to do to them. So we want to make sure we have consistent voting laws across the spectrum.”
Correction: This story was updated at 11:45 a.m. on May 24 to correct an inaccurate description of Dick Woodbury's career. He is a former state senator and is no longer serving in the Legislature.
Scott Thistle can be contacted at 791-6330 or at:
[email protected]
Twitter: thisdog
Share
filed under:
ETW or Event Tracing for Windows is a high performance logging system that is available for Windows Vista and later operating systems. On a typical system it can handle over 100,000 events per second, far more than most applications should need.
Unlike typical logging frameworks, which are line-based, the events generated by ETW sources are structured. The fields names are not predefined by the ETW framework itself. Rather, they are based on the structure of the event source class used. Consider this example inspired by Vance Morrison,
sealed class MinimalEventSource : EventSource
{
public void Load(long ImageBase, string Name) { WriteEvent(1, ImageBase, Name); }
public void LoadComplete(string Name, int Duration) { WriteEvent(2, Name, Duration); }
public static MinimalEventSource Log = new MinimalEventSource();
}
The column names in the log are based on the parameter names in the function, hence the non-standard capitalization. The number passed to WriteEvent is the ordinal of the function as it appears in the source code.
Normally ETW logging is disabled; events are only recorded with a tool like PerfView is listening. This allows you to examine an application running in production without modifying configuration files. But sometimes you may still want to proactively log data somewhere. That's where the new Microsoft EventSource Library comes into play.
Microsoft EventSource Library allows you tag ETW events with an attribute to indicate that they should also be sent to the Windows Event Log. A new base class called “Microsoft.Diagnostics.Tracing.EventSource” replaces the standard “System.Diagnostics.Tracing.EventSource” class. Then an EventSourceAttribute is used to specify the folder that the logs will be written to. Finally, an EventAttribute is added to each ETW event declaration that will be copied to the Windows Event Log.
Unfortunately this scheme has the same limitations of other Windows Event Log writers. There is a limited amount of space in the log so you shouldn't log high frequency events. And a system administrator needs to create the new event log folders.
To make registering the log somewhat easier, the NuGet package creates a manifest file that can be passed to wevtutil.
Intuition & Data-Driven Machine Learning
Clever algorithms and pages of mathematical formulas filled with probability and optimization theory are usually the associations that get invoked when you ask someone to describe the fields of AI and Machine Learning. Granted, there is definitely an abundance of both, but this mental picture also tends to obscure some of the more interesting and recent developments in these fields: data driven learning, and the fact that you are often better off developing simple intuitive insights instead of complicated domain models which are meant to represent every attribute of the problem.
Back in early 2001, Eric Brill and Michele Banko published an incredibly interesting paper (Mitigating the Paucity of Data Problem), which showed that simply increasing the training set by orders of magnitude yielded significant improvements in the performance of common Machine Learning algorithms. In fact, in certain cases, you are simply better off working on getting more data, then spending your time on improving the algorithm - think about that for a minute! We can even take this model to an extreme: data is the algorithm. How does Google Translate support 60+ languages? They don't employ any linguists. Instead, the translation is done through pure data-driven learning.
GoGaRuCo 2010: Machine Learning Trends & Patterns
The goal for my presentation at GoGaRuCo 2010 (slides) was to highlight the following themes: first, the algorithm is important, but we tend to overemphasize its importance; simple, intuitive insights are usually the underpinnings of much more (seemingly) complicated algorithms; data can be an algorithm in by itself. None of these ideas are novel or my own. In fact, much of the recent credit goes to Peter Norvig for popularizing these ideas and driving their adoption at Google (Translate, Sets, Spelling correction, and so on) and throughout the industry at large.
"It's really quiet simple"
Perhaps the largest mental barrier for most developers is that Machine Learning "is hard". It doesn't have to be. In fact, having an intuitive mental model is often more helpful than having a "tight proof of the error boundary" when it comes to implementing one of these systems in real life.
One of my favorite examples, and one that I shared in my presentation, is that of clustering. Namely, to perform a clustering, we need to define a function to measure the "pairwise distance" between all pairs of objects. Can you think of a generic way to do so? How about using your favorite Zlib library?
require 'zlib' require 'pp' files = Dir [ ARGV [ 0 ] + '/*' ] def deflate ( * files ) z = Zlib :: Deflate . new z . deflate ( files . collect { | f | open ( f ) . read } . join ( "
" ), Zlib :: FINISH ) . size end pairwise = files . combination ( 2 ) . collect do | f1 , f2 | a , b = deflate ( f1 ), deflate ( f2 ) both = deflate ( f1 , f2 ) { :files => [ f1 , f2 ] , :score => ( a + b ) - both } end pp pairwise . sort { | a , b | b [ :score ] <=> a [ :score ] } [ 0 , 20 ] # > ruby clusterer.rb /path/to/dir
The insight is simple: if any two objects, whatever data they main contain, have overlapping data inside, then the compressed filesize of these two files when they are joined together should be smaller than the sum of their individually compressed files. Work through a few examples in your head. Once you prove it to yourself, it will seem remarkably simple.
Best of all, this is a generic insight which allows you to cluster virtually any type of data. In fact, the example above will faithfully detect and cluster different languages, separate png and mp3 files, and so on.
Ensembles & Collaborative learning
That is not to say that having a solid understanding of the fundamentals of ML and AI fields is not important - it absolutely is. However, given a choice between a more complicated algorithm and more data, try more data first. Further, instead of trying to develop a complicated algorithm, which encompasses many attributes of your problem, try developing an ensemble method which builds on dozens of simple, intuitive insights.
Think simple, get more data, and see where it takes you - chances are, you will be surprised.
Friday night the Los Angeles Lakers reminded us all everything that had taken place prior to the All-Star break. With their five-man lineup of Dwight Howard, Pau Gasol, Metta World Peace, Kobe Bryant, and Steve Nash together once again, they fell to the Washington Wizards despite building an 18 point lead at home.
Still, even while letting the Wizards back into the game, the Lakers had a great opportunity to win a game they did nearly everything they possibly could to lose.
While Los Angeles had spent much of the night moving the ball well, eventually those wild passes morphed into turnovers. Overall, the Lakers had 27 assists on 39 made field goals, but turned the ball over 17 times. Those turnovers served as a door jam that allowed the Wizards to waltz right in and take the victory.
It wasn't just the turnovers, however, it was the defense. Rather, the lack of defense. The Lakers again showed just how unorganized they can be on defense, and Kobe specifically made a handful of cringe worthy gambles and decisions that crippled the Lakers down the stretch. Time to relive the nightmare!
Kobe Bryant, guilty as charged.
We've been down this road before. Over the course of the season it's almost become a shrugging point, as Kobe's off-ball defense is expected to be poor. Sometimes the gambles work, but mostly they work against the purple and gold, which was the case Friday night. The immediate narrative response is "well his ankle". but no. A sore ankle doesn't create poor decisions defensively, which is exactly what the state will present in the following pieces of evidence.
Exhibit A
Kobe Bryant over-helps while he ball-watches, leaving his man alone on the perimeter while Wall has a clear path to pass the ball for an easy basket.
Kobe swipes at the pass but to no avail.
Garrett Temple drains a three.
While Kobe is obviously watching for the dribble penetration that Wall was creating, both Howard and Gasol are in the area to deter him. What the two bigs can't do, however, is protect the perimeter.
Exhibit B
In this play the Wizards moved the ball exceptionally, but the Lakers were still in position to defend this play properly.
Both Kobe and Nash run out to defend the three, only one player needed to close out on Wall. Ideally, Nash would pick Wall up and Kobe would immediately split to Ariza in the corner.
Wall zips the pass over to Ariza who hits the three ball. Kobe attempted to recover, but it's way too little way too late. Had Nash and Kobe split this could have been averted. A huge shot for the Wizards, who tied the game at 86 with this long-ball.
Exhibit C
Here, Metta is prepared to help Nash on the driving wall. Kobe is watching the ball while his man sets up in the corner.
Wall jumps up to pass the ball and Kobe gambles as he flies into the passing lane to Nene.
Wait, you meant to tell me the Wizards kicked it out to an open man on the perimeter? Why yes, they did. This leaves Metta to cover a ton of ground. Had Kobe stuck with his man Metta could still have recovered onto Nene should the ball reach him, and there'd be no open man. But there it is, another open corner three.
Metta tries to get back to Ariza, but there's simply too much space. Ariza hits the three and puts the Wizards up two.
Exhibit D
As a final piece of evidence, the state would like to introduce Exhibit D. Up one with four minutes to go, the Lakers still have the game in hand if they focus through the final stretch and play defense. Kobe goes up for a layup...
... and misses. Upon landing he looks at the ref, complains, swings his arm, and watches the other nine players on the court dart up the floor.
There are four Lakers up the court by my count. Ariza is getting ready to set up along the arc and Wall has already pushed the defense towards the paint with his dribble penetration.
Another wide open three. There are still only four Lakers set up defensively as Kobe hasn't crossed half-court yet. Washington takes a two point lead.
Wide open three-point field goals
The Wizards were moving the ball reasonably well, particularly John Wall who had a career high 16 assists, but assists don't come without open shots, which the Lakers gave plenty of to Washington. Overall, the Lakers' team defense looked like an abomination on hardwood. The Wizards could have caught up on Game of Thrones before it starts up again next Sunday if they had their smartphones on hand while they were throwing up warm-up field goals.
Exhibit E
Jodie Meeks, I see you. I also see no man near you. Pull a card.
Exhibit F
Yes, another wide open corner three. While it looks like the same disgusting slop as Exhibit E, the Lakers managed to reproduce the same terribleness. Consistency, as they say.
The Wizards used magic and created a black hole in the paint
Ok, probably not, as it doesn't take much magic to strip the Lakers down defensively. The Lakers sunk into the paint and left the perimeter players to their own devices throughout the night, and while they did build up a lead despite this flaw, it eventually caught up and smacked them in the face.
Exhibit G
Yes, that's John Wall in the air making a play. Meeks is hanging out in the paint with the rest of his teammates while Trevor Ariza prepares to drain another three on his way to a career night from beyond the arc.
Jodie recovers but is late, as Ariza already lined up his shot and caught it in rhythm. Another three for Ariza.
Exhibit H
At least Meeks made an attempt to defend after realizing the predicament he was in. Unlike this next shot.
At least they are protecting the paint?
Exhibit I
The state would like to present Exhibit E, just in case Exhibit H and G were not enough.
But the Lakers still had a chance!
The Lakers threw this game to the wind, but still had an opportunity in the final moments to pick up a win they fumbled away. The Lakers relied on the Dwight-Kobe high-screen down the stretch but the Wizards did a great job of covering it and forcing Kobe into tough shots.
Nene doesn't step out and is ready to stop Kobe while Ariza recovers.
Ariza turns the corner on the screen but Kobe is already in isolation mode with Nene. Nene does a phenomenal job staying with Kobe and digging in defensively.
Dwight begins to roll towards the rim but Ariza out-works him and actually stops Howard from getting to the rim.
Ariza gets down and boxes Howard out in the middle of the paint, a great defensive play that altered the offensive set entirely. Kobe settles for a contested jumper and misses.
With eight seconds on the shot clock this wasn't a shot that Kobe needed to take by any means. He could have swung the ball over to Nash, who then had an option to take the shot himself or move it over to Meeks. Unfortunately that was not on Kobe's mind and the shot is a no-go. It wasn't a "terrible" shot, but with Nene playing great D, it certainly wasn't the easiest either.
- Drew
- Follow this author on Twitter @DrewGarrisonSBN
- Credit to My Synergy Sports for providing game film
McDavid Man Charged With Weapons Theft, Assaulting His Grandmother
A McDavid man has been charged with assaulting his grandmother and in connection with the theft of several firearms.
Dakota Forest Smith, 22, was charged with four counts of grand theft of a firearm, armed burglary, grand theft, aggravated assault, resisting without violence and possession of drug paraphernalia. He remained in the Escambia County Jail without bond.
The woman told deputies that her grandson had threatened to shoot her while holding a rifle in his hand at her Brown Road home. The grandson lives on the same property in a separate small apartment, according to an arrest report.
When deputies went to that apartment, Smith answered the door and then attempted to shut the door in a deputy's face before running inside. The ECSO said deputies located Smith hiding inside a bathroom.
Deputies reported finding a bolt action rifle in plan view on a bed; the rifle matched the description and serial number of one stolen in a burglary last Friday. The rifle, boxes of ammunition and a crossbow were discovered, and the grandfather provided deputies a photo of four firearms on Smith's bed on May 19 that matched the description of firearms stolen from an address on Fannie Road.
Smith provided information to deputies, which was redacted from an arrest report, that led to his arrest for burglary.
Deputies also found syringes and 78 pills believed to be trazodone in Smith's possession, according to an arrest report.
Lesson to Danica: don't underestimate the power of Reddit
Judging from social media and regular media responses Friday night, Josh Wise winning the fan vote to get into Saturday's Sprint All-Star Race was something nobody saw coming, not even Wise himself.
“I'm still trying to wrap my head around it,” Wise told reporters Friday night. “This is huge for me and our team.”
Usually when there's some kind of fan popularity vote, that voite going to Dale Earnhardt Jr. is pretty much a given. When Earnhardt's not an option, insert Danica Patrick. As winner of the Daytona 500, Earnhardt's already in the All-Star Race, so he wasn't one of the fans' choices in the Sprint Fan Vote. But Patrick was. Patrick won said vote last year and was pretty much expected to be the recipient of the free pass into the All-Star Race, again, this time around. I'm pretty sure I remember seeing one headline that read something like, “Josh Wise wins fan vote, beats Danica Patrick.” He also beat more than 20 other drivers, but that just goes to show how much Patrick was expected to win this popularity contest.
Of course, with Patrick's huge poulation of haters and fans who, simply, aren't impressed by her NASCAR performance, so far, seem to have a hard time understanding the drove of fans who actually do root for her and, in turn, cast votes for her for things like the All-Star Race.
Now, it seems droves of fans are in a tizzy and crying “foul” because Patrick didn't receive the popular vote. That probably wouldn't be a problem if another, at least somewhat, big name had received the vote — maybe someone like Austin Dillon. After all, Dillon's driving Dale Earnhardt's old number three and drives for and is the grandson of one of the sport's favorite owners, Richard Childress. Marcos Ambrose, anyone? Aric Almirola drives for Richard Petty and his car dons the iconic No. 43. Don't forget Kyle Larson.
If Clint Bowyer or A.J. Allmendinger had received the most votes, the fan vote slot would have gone to the next in line, considering Bowyer and Allmendinger advanced by finishing the Showdown in the top-two spots. Even if that had been the case, who would've thought Wise would have been next in line? After all, there's still Patrick, Ambrose, Almirola and everyone else.
Nothing against wise, but I'm guessing in a typical NASCAR driver popularity contest among the 23 drivers in Friday night's Sprint Showdown, Wise would probably rank somewhere around 23rd.
I guess that just goes to show the power of social media. The only way Wise's team even has sponsorship funding was because some 16-year-old kid posted something on Reddit about how underdog and underfunded Wise had been performing on the track lately, and a grassroots effort was underway that put digital currency Dogecoin on Wise's car and then later got Wise the votes needed to get into the All-Star Race. According to reports, Patrick got more votes this year than the tally that won her the most popular election last year, and even that wasn't enough to beat out Wise's Reddit/Dogecoin army.
Since last night, I've heard such complaints that Reddit and/or Dogecoin bribed folks to vote for Wise with a promised donation to charity. Other drivers and their teams promised charitable donations for votes, so what's the difference? I also heard that some to the tech geeks were able to take advantage of the system to vote thousands of times. I have to admit that the explanation of that complaint went over my head, so I'll just let that one be. Tech geek/nerd, I am not.
Patrick may be tops when Junior isn't a part of the equation when it comes to merchandise sales, Facebook and Twitter, but apparently, she doesn't rule on Reddit with the Dogecoin crowd.
Guess I'm going to have to check this Reddit thing out.
Follow us on Twitter @AutoRacingDaily or like Auto Racing Daily on Facebook (facebook.com/autorcngdaily). Amanda's also on Twitter @NASCARexaminer and has a fan/like page on Facebook: NASCAR Examiner. They're not Reddit, but that's where we're at.
Keith Alexander Now Being Vetted By Everybody For Everything After Leaving The Protective Shelter Of The NSA
from the missing-the-old-'No-Such-Accountability'-already dept
Former NSA head Keith Alexander continues to draw the sort of attention he probably hoped he had left behind by resigning his post. His questionable business venture -- a private banking security firm seemingly dependent on patents and methods polished during his tenure at the NSA -- has drawn pointed questions from legislators and a second glance from the internal ethics apparatus of the intelligence agency.
Alexander apparently thought it would be fine for him to use the talents of the NSA's current Chief Technology Officer, Patrick Dowd, for his new private venture. You see, Alexander didn't want the country to lose a bright spy mind, but didn't really want his own IronNet Security firm to go without Dowd's talents either. So he compromised. The country could have Dowd full-time as long as he could spend 20 hours a week securing banks with Chief Keith.
Due to the extra level of scrutiny being directed at everything NSA-related, the agency decided to take another look at the unholy unethical alliance. It didn't necessarily not like what it saw, but it wasn't absolutely enthralled with it either. But there will be no official statement forthcoming. Alexander has called the whole thing off.
On Tuesday, Alexander said: "While we understand we did everything right, I think there's still enough issues out there that create problems for Dr. Dowd, for NSA, for my company," that it was best for him to terminate the deal.
The financial disclosure documents, which were released to investigative journalist Jason Leopold and published this month by Vice News, reveal nothing explicitly about why Alexander sold the shares when he did. On Jan. 7, 2008, Alexander sold previously purchased shares in the Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan, a Canadian firm that mines potash, a mineral typically used in fertilizer. The potash market is largely controlled by companies in Canada, as well as in Belarus and Russia. And China was, and is, one of the biggest consumers of the substance, using it to expand the country's agricultural sector and produce higher crop yields.
"It's a market that's really odd, involving collusion, where companies essentially coordinate on prices and output," said Craig Pirrong, a finance professor and commodities expert at the University of Houston's Bauer College of Business. "Strange things happen in the potash market. It's a closed market. Whenever you have Russians and Chinese being big players, a lot of stuff goes on in the shadows."
In the spring of 2008, shortly after Alexander sold his positions, senior U.S. officials began to speak on the record for the first time about the threat of cyber-espionage posed by Russia and especially China. Public attention to the intelligence threat was higher than it had been in recent memory. The optics of the NSA director owning stock in a company that his own agency believed may have been receiving stolen information from the Chinese government would have been embarrassing, to say the least.
"Everything right" is apparently the equivalent of basically every other current and former intelligence official interviewed stating, "we've never heard of such a thing," and "pretty much a conflict of interest," etc.In other news, Alexander's recently disclosed ("disclosed" pronounced "forced out of the NSA's clutches by journalist Jason Leopold's lawsuit ") financial statements are gathering a bit more attention as well.As I noted here, there were some questionable aspects about Alexander's investments, some of which related to government contractors, but nothing that screamed financial impropriety. The conclusion I reached was that the most surprising aspect was the NSA's adamant refusal to release these mostly innocuous declarations. There just wasn't much "there" there, from what I could see.(The fact that the agency claimed the release of these financial disclosure statements could harm "national interests" was enjoyably ridiculous, but it's also the standard response when asked to open up about. Just because "security" is your middle name doesn't meanin your possession is instrumental to protecting the nation against terrorist activity.)Shane Harris at Foreign Policy has done some deeper digging into Alexander's financial statements and excavated some rather strange investment patterns . Harris notes that there's very little in the way of discernible rationale for Alexander's purchases and sales. There's also no indication that any of these trades were very beneficial for Alexander's bottom line. And there's some weird dabbling in some markets where being the head of the NSA would possibly provide more insight than is available to other investors.The same day that Alexander moved his Potash Corp. shares, he also divested himself of his holdings in China-based Aluminum Corp., a state-owned entity that is the second-largest producer of aluminum in the world.Alexander bought and sold shares in both companies, but never during price peaks or collapses. Instead, his divestments seem to be motivated not by profitability, but by the government's increasing interest in combating Chinese state-sanctioned hacking.Those embarrassing optics have been dulled by the passage of time. Withholding these yearly, mandatory disclosures for "national security" reasons has sheltered Keith Alexander from any embarrassing external questions over the last half-decade of investments.Government agencies are supposed to be on the lookout for not only conflicts of interest, but the "appearance of impropriety." Alexander's investments (and his post-NSA ventures) both sport the outward trappings of impropriety. But everything being questioned now was previously signed off on by NSA officials as being above board. Now, even the NSA is second-guessing itself -- not because it's striving for a higher ethical standard -- but because the standard-operating-procedure of "hide everything" no longer works as well as it used to.
Filed Under: conflict of interest, conflicts, keith alexander, nsa, patrick dowd, surveillance
Companies: ironnet cybersecurity
President Trump reportedly vented to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson Rex Wayne TillersonHeather Nauert withdraws her name from consideration for UN ambassador job Trump administration's top European diplomat to resign in February Pompeo planning to meet with Pat Roberts amid 2020 Senate speculation MORE about federal laws preventing American businesses from bribing foreign officials, The New Yorker reported Friday.
A source familiar with the exchange told the magazine that Tillerson was visiting the White House in February when Trump brought up the topic in their discussion.
It's unclear which part of the law Trump was reportedly complaining about.
ADVERTISEMENT
According to the report, Tillerson told Trump about an exchange he had with Yemen's oil minister during his time at ExxonMobil. Tillerson told Trump the Yemeni official offered him a bribe to get Exxon to agree to an oil deal.
Tillerson said he refused and told the Yemeni official that they'd have to “play straight.” The official said Tillerson used the anecdote to explain to Trump that U.S. businesses don't need to use bribes, but that they “could bring the world up to our own standards,” according to The New Yorker.
The anecdote came in a piece titled "Rex Tillerson at the Breaking Point," looking at the secretary of State amid fresh attention to tensions between him and the president.
Tillerson held a hastily-scheduled press conference on Wednesday to push back on an NBC News report that he had considered resigning earlier this year and had also referred to Trump as a "moron" during a meeting with national security officials at the Pentagon over the summer.
Tillerson denied that he ever considered resigning, but didn't explicitly deny the claim that he referred to Trump as a "moron."
“The places I come from, we don't deal with that kind of petty nonsense,” Tillerson said. “I'm just not going to be part of this effort to divide this administration.”
State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert later denied that Tillerson had used the language.
NBC reported further on Thursday that Trump was “furious” after hearing the initial report about Tillerson and reportedly “fumed” to chief of staff John Kelly John Francis KellyMORE and others.
Trump has repeatedly blasted NBC after the initial report, demanding the network apologize and calling it a “disgrace to good reporting.”
Getty Image
“Do you hear those people screaming?”
That's how the call started with Carson Wentz. He was in Philadelphia for the NFL draft, and the PR person calling to connect wanted to make sure I could hear him.
It might as well have been the theme of the draft. Philly fans crushed it, booing lustily, giving us moment after moment of viral-quality crowd reactions. And their quarterback (deep Terrell Owens voice) was there as the de facto host.
Working with Courtyard by Marriott, the official hotel of the NFL, Wentz met with fans, took pictures, and did the proverbial baby kissing during the draft. There were no reports of battery throwing or snowballs.
Wentz has staved off such a fate (at least for now) after he shined for the first month as a rookie, then struggled as defenses adjusted and his offensive skill players either got hurt or forgot how to play football. Coming into Year 2, expectations are high for Wentz, not just because they added Alshon Jeffery and Torrey Smith, but because the Eagles gave up a ton to draft him.
A year later, Wentz sounds much like he did his own draft weekend: poised, congenial, and polished. If he can translate those traits onto the field this season for the Eagles, Philly fans will have many more reasons to cheer than boo.
Florida's supervisors of elections are calling for changes after Florida's recent presidential primary.
They say a problem in the state's driver's license computer system led to thousands of voters being turned away at the polls.
The voters thought they had been registered Republicans or Democrats, and there for able to vote in Florida's closed primaries.
However, many learned on election day that their political party affiliation had changed.
RELATED
Ion Sancho, Leon County supervisor of elections, says the problem came from a driver's license system that also updated a person's voting record whenever they updated their driver's license in person.
The problem is a box on the form next to party affiliation was sometimes left unchecked, inadvertently changing the party affiliation for voters.
“A screw-up or a glitch, in this instance, is not just merely a mistake,” Sancho said. “You're potentially depriving someone of a constitutional right, and that's simply not proper, and we need to make sure that if there are errors, there's a way to correct these errors so that the voter is not the one that's penalized.”
The elections supervisors want to change it so that every time you update your driver's license, you get a receipt detailing all the changes made to the records, including voting status.
They want this change made in time for the August primary, voters will choose party nominees for positions from local races all the way to the U.S. Senate.
State Rep. Alan Williams, D-Tallahassee, is in favor of the change. He also wants to see the computer system fixed in time for the next election.
“It takes one extra step to make sure we ask that question, so when we come back to this point say, in 2018 for the gubernatorial, this problem won't happen,” Williams said. “And especially, it should be fixed by 2020 when we have the next presidential preference primary.”
Why Ben Wallace Is A SureFire Hall Of Famer
by
In sports when we think of hall of fame players it's usually guys who were flashy or electrified the crowd on the offensive end for many years while producing at a high level. In basketball it's no different, it's usually the guys who average 20 points per game or more and win lots of scoring titles that capture our attention with players such as Michael Jordan, Alex English and George Gervin. These guys were silky smooth scorers and would demand the attention of even the most uneducated basketball fans. What about the guys who lack flash? The guy who dominates the game on the defensive end and built his game by rebounding and blocking shots at a prolific rate. The guy whose game was built on blue-collar and max effort. I always feel like those guys get overlooked when it comes to stuff like the hall of fame but when you have as much hardware as Detroit Pistons great Ben Wallace then its kind of hard to ignore any hall of fame consideration.
When I look at guys who are or should be hall of famers I look for a player that was either very dominant at a certain facet of the game or impacted winning at a very high level in his career like Robert Horry.When you look at Ben Wallace you're looking at the closest thing to Dennis Rodman except he has 4 defensive players of the year awards. These guys are supposed to dominate the game at a high level and play their best basketball when it matters most, Wallace did that as well (see 2004 NBA Finals). So I'm going to educate the masses why Big Ben should earn his spot in Springfield, no questions asked.
When you speak about prime Ben Wallace then you're speaking about a player who displayed some very exceptional defense and put his name in the same breath as some of the greatest players to ever play this game. If you're not aware of the magnitude of Wallace's defensive prowess please consider the following statistic. Since the 1973-74 season when the NBA created the defensive rating stat to measure an individual players level of defense only 5 players have led the NBA in defensive rating 3 times or more. Those players are Tim Duncan (2004-2007, 2012-2013), Hakeem Olajuwon (1985-1990), David Robinson (1991-1992, 1995-1996, 1997-2000), Dwight Howard (2008-2011) and finally Ben Wallace (2001-2004). That's some pretty elite company right there and even though he was never half the offensive player any of those guys were when it comes down to rebounding, defense and rim protection he is as good if not better than all of those guys and that's saying something because all of those guys he's mentioned with are all-time greats.
While he was just a notch below Dennis Rodman in the rebounding department, Ben Wallace blows Rodman out when it comes to rim protection and blocking shots. Rodman never averaged 1 block per game while Ben Wallace averaged 3 blocked shots for three consecutive seasons (2001-2004). At the turn of the new millennium basketball was moving in a new direction and new faces were taking over the game. From the year 2000 to now in 2014 no player has produced in the rebounding department quite like Ben Wallace. In fact Ben Wallace owns the greatest rebounding season of the 21st century, he averaged 15.4 rebounds in 2002-2003. The only guy in the last 15 years who have even sniffed Ben Wallace was Kevin Love when he averaged 15.2 rebounds in during the 2010-2011 season. People were enamored by that but you see not only would Wallace give you that kind of rebounding but he would also give you the best rim protection in the NBA.
Wallace by no means is a stat whore though, his defensive impact made other players on his team better he was the anchor. Wallace's impact isn't only in his own numbers but the in the Detroit Pistons team defensive numbers as a whole. If you go on basketball reference and look at statistics such as lowest opponent points per game in a season, most consecutive games with fewer than 100 points allowed in a season and fewest points allowed in a game I guarantee you will find a Ben Wallace led Pistons team in their. In fact they are near the top of nearly all of those categories I just named. In fact the 2003-2004 Pistons rank 3rd in NBA history allowing only 84.26 points per game. The 2003-2004 Pistons also own 2 of the top 3 highest streaks for most games holding opponents under 100 points per game. they rank 1st and 3rd in NBA history by holding opponents to 38 games under 100 points and 31 games holding opponents under 100 points. Do the math, that season the Pistons held teams under 100 points in 69 of their 82 regular season games which is unheard of. Those teams were great and if you don't believe in the numbers then watch the film of them forcing the Bucks into 24 turnovers in the first round of the 2004 playoffs, Ben Wallace was everywhere playing passing lanes and taking charges.
Ben Wallace makes other players better on the defensive end of the floor his lateral foot speeds allowed him to play passing lanes like very few big men in the league ever have. The date was November 16th, 2002 defensive history was made that night in at the Palace of Auburn Hills. The Detroit Pistons held the Nuggets to a very miniscule 54 points, that was the 2nd least in NBA history for a single game. Ben Wallace that night collected 13 rebounds, 2 points, 1 steal and 1 block with a +16 plus/minus rating which was the highest of any starter that night. It's a very overlooked performance but a historic one nonetheless.
In 2004 the Detroit Pistons brought the city its first title since the Bad Boys did in 1990. They beat the Shaquille O'Neal-Kobe Bryant led Los Angeles Lakers very soundly in 5 games. In those NBA Playoffs Ben Wallace averaged 10.3 points, 14.3 rebounds and 2.4 blocks for the Pistons. In the very last game of that series Wallace made sure he was playing his best basketball. 18 points, 22 rebounds (10 offensive/12 defensive), 3 steals, 1 block in 41 minutes of action for the Pistons. All of those numbers came against arguably the most dominant center of all-time in Shaquille O'Neal who was a virtual non-factor on the boards. Wallace at 6'9 was 4 inches and 85 pounds smaller than Shaq yet he out rebounded him by 14, that's one of the more underrated performances in NBA Finals history.
No matter how you spin it the fact of the matter is that Ben Wallace was a small forwards height yet he was defensively dominating the center position and has 4 defensive players of the year awards to show for it. His 4 DPOY's are tied for the most in NBA history along with Dikembe Mutombo and if we are honest with ourselves he should have won it in 2003-2004 over Ron Artest. He should have the most defensive player of the year awards in NBA history but thats a discussion for another time. The fact of the matter is he was very undersized at the center position and managed to dominate it from a defensive standpoint like few people ever have. It may have only been 5-7 years of great basketball but they call for hall of fame consideration, the proof is in the pudding, do you're research people.
Advertisements
NFL Monday Night Football will see the Carolina Panthers and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers fight it out tonight, and with both teams desperate for a win this could be a tense encounter.
The game has a scheduled start time of 8.30 p.m. ET and takes place from the Bank of America Stadium in Charlotte, North Carolina. The game can be watched on TV on the ESPN network or online through live stream via the link below.
The Panthers are having a tough time this season and come into today's game on 1-3. One win from the opening quarter of the season is well below what expectations were coming into the season, and they will now have to lift themselves dramatically if they are to get back into Playoff contention.
Last time out the Panthers were on the road to the Atlanta Falcons and fell to a 33-48 defeat.
The Carolina defense were simply not about to cope with the Falcons offense, and in three of the four quarters they allowed 14 or more points.
The good news for the Panthers is that their offense looked more productive than before and if they can sort out their defense and maintain their offensive intensity they might stand a chance tonight.
The Buccaneers themselves are having just as bad a time this season, and they also come into today's game with one solitary win this season so far.
Last time out they were at home to the Denver Broncos but they were comprehensively defeated 27-7 and were barely in the game after the first quarter.
The Buccaneers offense were unable to get going against the mighty Broncos defense and they will be hoping they can have a bit more time and space on the ball today against the Panthers.
Both teams will be coming into this game thinking they can win it, but with the Panthers at home they will feel the pressure even more to get the result.
Tonight's big NFL Monday Night Football game between the Carolina Panthers and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers has a scheduled start time of 8.30 p.m. ET and can be watched on TV on the ESPN network or online through live stream by clicking here.
Good news, Uruguayan potheads -- your weed habit is about to get a whole lot cheaper.
Uruguay's lower house passed an unprecedented bill last week that legalizes marijuana and regulates the production, distribution, and sale of weed for adult consumers. El Pais now reports via Univision that the bill fixes the price of marijuana around $2.50 per gram. The bill is up for vote in the Senate, where it is expected to be passed, and finally signed into law by President José Mujica, a longtime supporter of drug reform.
The debate surrounding the bill is nothing new: critics point to potential health and welfare consequences, while supporters hail the attempt to pragmatically address the widespread use of marijuana and the systemic failures of the global war on drugs. And as The Economist points out, countries like Portugal and the Netherlands have significantly decriminalized the possession and use of small amounts of pot.
What sets Uruguay's bill apart, however, is that it provides for government control over the entire marijuana industry, from cultivation to consumption. Individual citizens, cooperatives, and private companies can grow a specified amount of weed each month, though it may only be sold to consumers by state-run pharmacies. Purchasers will have to register with the state and will be limited to 40 grams per month.
Such regulations could deter Uruguay's 120,000 or so marijuana users from leaving the black market, which is where the price point comes into play. Foreign Policy's Park MacDougald notes that the government has two tools at its disposal to lure customers into the legal market it seeks to create: affordability and quality control. While InSight Crime reports that the current cost of pot varies by region and can reach up to about $5 per gram, Julio Calzada, Uruguay's drug czar, told El Pais that the proposed fixed price of $2.50 per gram is on par with the going underground rates, the hope being that the competitive pricing will attract users to the legal market without providing a profit incentive for resale in the black market.
Furthermore, the bill includes strict guidelines for cultivating the cannabis plant that would eliminate common practices used by drug traffickers to alter the purity and potency of the drug. Thus, as MacDougald writes, "The legal cannabis ... will be the narcotic equivalent of artisanal goat cheese -- fresh and local."
Craft cannabis -- coming soon to a Uruguayan pharmacy near you.
Supernatural Photoshoot | Presented By The Hollywood Redux Podcast | San Diego Comic Con 2014
SD Comic Con veterans know: Supernatural owns Comic Con.
Sunday is Supernatural day at the con. Every year, the entire cast (with few exceptions) turns up for shenanigans, and they are the toast of attendees. Those soldiers waiting in the Hall H line by this time are pretty partied out from sleeping on concrete for a week, and this panel often is their last hoorah.
To celebrate the con spirit and this beloved show, The Hollywood Redux crew busted out a little cosplay and our 5D. Check out the results. Featuring honorary Hollywood Redux'er Paloma Figureoa as the black-winged Castiel – seen at the top of the page rising like the Red Dragon.
YouTube | Facebook | Instagram | Twitter | Google+
Supernatural Photoshoot | Presented By The Hollywood Redux Podcast | San Diego Comic Con 2014
Citing poor environmental conditions affecting the Northern California red abalone fishery, the California Fish and Game Commission voted unanimously Wednesday to reduce the annual limit on the recreational fishery from 18 to 12 per diver. Additionally, the commission voted to close the season in April and November.
The move follows recommendations from the California Department of Fish and Wildlife to reduce the annual abalone take by about 24 percent. The agency and many divers have been at odds as to the best way to respond to underwater surveys that show the abalone population facing starvation due to kelp forest decline. Researchers also found that abalones are not reproducing at sustainable rates, partly because of warm ocean temperatures.
“We're concerned that these warm water conditions that caused or partly caused these situations may persist next year,” Sonke Mastrup, environmental program manager of the invertebrate program at Fish and Wildlife, said at the meeting, which took place in San Diego.
The new limits, which will go into effect in 2017, follow a previous reduction in 2014 that changed the annual limit from 24 to 18, based on rules in the state's Abalone Recovery and Management Plan.
Though divers who spoke at the meeting weren't happy that limits had to be imposed, many expressed understanding of the situation.
“The recreational diving community are not rapacious trophy hunters,” said George Osborne of Coastside Fishing Club, based in Napa.
Red abalone is the only species of abalone that can be collected in California, and only by recreational fishers north of the Golden Gate. About 95 percent of diving takes place in Sonoma and Mendocino counties, bringing in an estimated $44 million a year in tourism revenue, according to an analysis done by the Department of Fish and Wildlife. Normally the season lasts seven months — from April through June, then August to November — but that will change to five months next year.
Tara Duggan is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: tduggan@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @taraduggan
Ever wonder what Hideki Kamiya, director of Devil May Cry and Okami, thinks of the new western developed reboot of his beloved hack-and-shoot series? Well, as it turns out, he likes it.
When asked this question numerous times on Twitter, Kamiya replied, "I've been getting a lot of DmC tweets lately. DmC is a very unique title, and I honestly hope that people enjoy it."
"I am also happy to see all of your messages, even though the first Devil May Cry came out 12 years ago," he added. "That being said, DMC has been on its own path for a long time now and asking my opinion of things is pointless... My only opinion is that people continue to love the Devil May Cry series, both fans and its creators alike. It's yours now."
He then retweeted Twitter user @IdeologyLite who said, "Glad you feel that way. Ninja Theory is a really talented UK studio and they've treated your game with respect."
"Indeed. :)" he added to the retweet.
Kamiya's praise did not go unnoticed and DmC developer Ninja Theory feels likewise about his work. "Thank you for your kind words. We are of course huge fans of your work and can't wait to play Metal Gear Rising," the UK studio replied.
According to a new report it seems the popularity of beards and the three-day stubble look has taken its toll on the sales of male grooming products.
But with the beard being widely adopted by fashion-conscious men in recent years - perhaps thanks to celebrity proponents like Paul Rudd, Ian Somerhalder, Chris Pine and of course Tom Hardy, could face fuzz be here to stay?
Yes!
(This makes us feel better for Santa!)
We associate beards with age, masculinity and dominance
making the men wearing a beard more attractive to the opposite sex and also perceived as better and more protective fathers.
There are other plus points too; as well as saving money on grooming products a beard will help to keep you warm in winter, they're low maintenance - magic words, and they're exclusive, as not everyman can grow one!
Check out some of the best celebrity transformations here proving beards can change even the most babyish face into a masculine hunter gatherer.
Our top 5 celebrity beard tamers…
1. Alexander Skarsgard
2. Brad Pitt
3. Ryan Gosling
4. Robert Pattinson
5. Bradley Cooper
See what your chosen style says about you
No!
much to our disappointment, said that they would prefer to see the return of the clean shaven face! A massive 80% of women -said that they would prefer to see the return of the clean shaven face!
A huge 77% of women confessed to not kissing a guy due to them having a beard or stubble. Fear of being left with stubble-rash girls?
It seems the majority of guys agree - despite this involving considerably more effort and blades on their part, saying a clean shave was better than facial hair for kissing.
Beards also present a few stumbling blocks in getting to that all important kiss too, like the food trap! No one wants to know what you've had for your lunch so guys if you insist on keeping the facial hair make sure you check the mirror for unwanted food scraps – or we'll be skipping the kiss goodbye too!
Here's what we think…
It comes down to this, beards suit some, and not others. Simple - once you decide which category you fall into that is!
… To beard or not to beard?
This is what the experts have to say: “Those who had been exposed to more beards preferred the shaven look and those who'd seen no evidence of bum-fluff at all found they really quite liked it.”
“It appears that beards gain an advantage when rare, but when they are in fashion and common, they are declared trendy and that attractiveness is over.” - researcher Robert Brooks.
We think overall that the yessss' greatly outweigh the no's. Perhaps in the case of meeting your date for the first time or your potential parents' in-law though, the advice is to tame the mane - 84% of us believe a freshly shaven face is essential. After that you can grow wild!
An online poll of U.S. iPhone owners found that only 9.3% were planning to upgrade to the iPhone 7 due to the expected design being so similar to the iPhone 6/6s. That contrasts with 25.2% who would upgrade for a brand-new design.
At this point, it's unclear whether Apple is simply holding back significant design changes for a special 10th anniversary iPhone, or is – as a Nikkei report suggested – switching to a three-year major refresh cycle. But the Quartz survey indicates that the latter would be a dangerous move …
NordVPN
Some 34% of respondents said that if Apple switched to a three-year cycle, they would adjust their own upgrade pattern to match – upgrading their phones every three years rather than two. Add in those who said that they were ‘somewhat likely' to do the same, and the total number hits 70%.
The risk has been increased by carriers switching from all-in plans – where customers paid a single monthly fee which included the bulk of the cost of the phone – to ones where the two elements are separated, so people can save money by upgrading less frequently.
The survey was based on 525 U.S. iPhone owners whose demographics are representative of the population.
We carried out our own poll of more than 40,000 9to5Mac readers back in March, when 40% of you said that you wouldn't upgrade without a new design. Now that we likely have a better idea of how the iPhone 7 may look, we're running a new poll to see whether the numbers have changed. Please let us know your intentions, sharing your thoughts in the comments.
If you need to bring yourself up to speed with what we're currently expecting from this year's iPhone, check out our iPhone 7 guide.
I spent last week in Indonesia, working on a series for BBC Radio about four of the world's most populous non-BRIC emerging economies. The BRIC countries—Brazil, Russia, India and China—are already closely watched. The group I'm studying for this project—let's call them the MINT economies—deserve no less attention. Mexico, Indonesia, Nigeria and Turkey all have very favorable demographics for at least the next 20 years, and their economic prospects are interesting.
Policymakers and thinkers in the MINT countries have often asked me why I left them out of that first classification. Indonesians made the point with particular force. Over the years I've become accustomed to being told that the BRIC countries should have been the BRIICs all along, or maybe even the BIICs. Wasn't Indonesia's economic potential more compelling than Russia's? Despite the size of its relatively young population (a tremendous asset), I thought it unlikely that Indonesia would do enough on the economic-policy front to quickly realize that potential.
Now, meeting a diverse group of Indonesians—from the leading candidates for the 2014 presidential elections to shoppers in Jakarta's busy malls—I found a healthy preoccupation with the country's economic prospects. Could Indonesia do what's needed to lift the country's growth rate to 7% or more, they were asking, or would it have to settle for just 5%?
Contrasting ambitions
During the trip, I got word that Russia's economy minister, Alexei Ulyukayev, had suggested Russia was likely to grow by just 2.5% a year over the next 20 years. How's that for contrasting ambitions? It made me wonder about the ‘R' all over again.
Certainly if Russia can only grow by 2.5% this decade and beyond—far too little to maintain, let alone increase, its share of global output—that would be cause for concern. Not least because the country faces a growing demographic challenge as it moves toward 2050. By that year, I and many others assume Russia's population will be closer to 100 million than today's 140 million. This worsening demographic drag will slow the economy further.
Russia's recent economic performance has undoubtedly been poor, and demography isn't the only problem. The country is far too dependent on oil and gas, afflicted with corruption, and lacking a credible legal framework for business. Even so, one wonders about the thinking behind Ulyukayev's public pessimism. Until recently, Russian officials were determinedly upbeat. I recall in 2008 telling a group in St. Petersburg that Russia would probably grow at 4% a year or less through 2020, and that it was a mistake to assume ever-rising oil prices. As they made very clear, that wasn't what they wanted to hear. I suspect the new pessimism may be deliberately exaggerated. Maybe some influential policymakers are trying to build support for genuine reform—by saying, see what happens if we don't act. Let's hope so.
Last week also saw the buildup to the much-anticipated meeting of China's leaders that began over the weekend. As I discuss in a new book, The BRIC Road to Growth, China has a unique role in the group, not just because of its size but also because of its global economic reach and ambition. Nonetheless, its approach to development needs to be adjusted. Reports suggest that the government is considering new steps to create a more consumer-led economy, which is indeed necessary to lessen China's dependence on low-value exports and state-directed investment.
Clear thinking
That will be a difficult transition to manage, but, by emerging-economy standards, China's leadership has a history of clear thinking about economic strategy—not to mention an unmatched record of success. The policy review coincides with new economic figures that continue to be somewhat better than expected. China is likely to grow by more than 7.5% this year. If so, it will have beaten my expectations for growth since the start of this decade, the only BRIC country to have done so.
By the end of this year, China's annual output will be more than $9 trillion—not far off 1.5 times the output of the other three BRIC countries put together. If its leaders can deliver the reforms they've been discussing since the weekend, the country's rapid growth can be sustained. The global economy will continue to be transformed, and the other BRIC and MINT economies will have an even more daunting standard against which to measure their performance. Bloomberg
Jim O'Neill, former chairman of Goldman Sachs Asset Management, is a Bloomberg View columnist.
Suggestions, comments
let us know
INTRODUCTION
'The nation-state', writes A D Smith, 'is the norm of modern political organisation...It is the almost unquestioned foundation of world order, the main object of individual loyalties, the chief definer of a man's identity...It permeates our outlook so much that we hardly question its legitimacy today.' (1)
To most readers, Smith's generalisations may appear as statements of the obvious. But it would be a mistake to suppose that the legitimacy of the nation state has never been seriously questioned or even that it is not so questioned today. The strong tide that has flowed in the direction of the nation state has been resisted from the start, and this essay looks at two traditions of political thought and action which have been 'against the current'.
The first, pacifism, may be seen as the ideology and movement that has resisted an institution closely related to the development of the nation-state: it challenges the right of the state to engage in, and conscript its citizens for, war. The nature of this challenge is exemplified in the statement issued by the No Conscription Fellowship, the British organisation of conscientious objectors to military service in the First World War. Affirming their belief in the sacredness of human life, its members, the statement declared, 'deny the right of governments to say, "You shall bear arms"...They will, whatever the consequences, obey their conscientious convictions rather than the commands of governments.' (2)
The second, anarchism, is even more radical: it challenges not merely the nation state's right to make war, but also its very right to exist. The central thrust of anarchism is directed against all the core elements that make up the nation state: its territoriality with the accompanying notion of frontiers; its sovereignty, implying exclusive jurisdiction over all people and property within those frontiers; its monopolistic control of the major means of physical force by which it upholds that sovereignty, both internally and externally; its system of positive law which overrides all other law and custom, and which implies that rights exist only if sanctioned by the state; and finally, the element that was added last - the idea of the nation as the paramount political community. PACIFISM, PACIFICISM AND ANTI-MILITARISM
In discussing pacifism some clarification of terms is necessary. The word 'pacifist' was coined (as recently as 1901) to refer to all those who opposed war and worked to create or maintain peace between nations. This broad sense of the term is still current, but in Anglo-American usage, 'pacifist' has the narrower meaning in which it refers to those whose opposition to war takes the form of refusing personally to take part in it or support it. Such persons, for reasons which will become clear, have also usually opposed all overt violence between human beings, though not necessarily the covert violence, usually referred to as 'force', the kind used by police. 'Pacificist' is perhaps the more appropriate term to convey the broader meaning. 'Pacificists' may support the use of military forces in 'peace-keeping' operations, whereas 'pacificists' are generally 'anti-militarists'. However, not all anti-militarists are pacifists. Historically, anti-militarism is associated with the belief that most modern wars are fought in the interests of ruling classes, such as feudal lords or capitalists. In the late 19th and early 20th centuries, before socialist parties controlled any states, many socialists were anti-militarists and some socialist leaders, such as Keir Hardie, were also pacifists. The socialist anti-militarist might, if he were not a pacifist, when war broke out, join the army in the hope that thereby he could speed the downfall of capitalism, perhaps by spreading disaffection among the troops and persuading them, if a revolutionary situation arose, to use their weapons against their class enemies. In practice, 'pacificism', 'pacifism' and 'anti-militarism' often overlap, but the terms do stand for fairly distinct orientations.
British amateur named world's top civilian cyber defender in hacking challenge staged by the U.S. military
Chris Doman from Essex lost out only to a professionals team from U.S. defence giant Northrop Grumman
He is one of three UK competitors who placed in the top 12 of the global competition held by U.S. Department of Defense
Now he is eligible to take part in the next round of face to face competitions held by Cybersecurity Challenge UK
World's top civilian cyber defender: Chris Doman, 26, from Essex finished second overall in the 2012 Digital Forensics Challenge
A British software developer has been named the world's top civilian computer security expert in a competition run by the U.S military.
Chris Doman, 26, from Essex finished as the highest-ranked civilian and second overall in the 2012 Digital Forensics Challenge, held by the U.S. Department of Defense Cyber Crime Centre.
He beat competition from almost 2,000 cyber defenders from 53 countries, losing out only to a professional team from multibillion pound U.S. aerospace and defence firm Northrop Grumman.
The final standings provided further good news for the health of the country's home-grown cyber talent pool as the UK contributed more participants than almost any other country.
Two more British amateurs, Matt Bartlet and Chris Moore, finished in the top 12.
The DC3 Digital Forensics Challenge is a global competition designed and hosted by the US Department of Defense Cyber Crime Center.
Considered one of the toughest forensic competitions in the world, it takes the form of scenario-based exercises replicating the complexity digital forensics examiners face extracting and scrutinising data to solve cybercrime.
Areas covered include file signatures, hashing metadata, data hiding, communication recovery, and information concealment.
Chris Doman is a computer science graduate, a former web developer, and the co-founder of Ignite Research, a start-up he set up in 2009 with a school friend to tackle various projects using their software expertise.
Ignite's latest project, Hotelsweep, represents the world's largest collection of hotel data collected into a single system.
Despite his obvious talents with information technology, success in the DC3 competition came as a surprise and has prompted him to start applying for his first job in cybersecurity.
Mr Doman's success has made him eligible to take part in the Cybersecurity Challenge UK: Here a team tackle the challenge in an event this year
HACKER JAILED FOR LEAKING NUDE IMAGES OF SCARLETT JOHANSSON
The man who hacked email accounts belonging to a swath of A-list celebrities including Scarlett Johansson, Mila Kunis and Christina Aguilera has been sentenced to 10 years in prison.
Christopher Chaney, 36, pleaded guilty to nine felony counts earlier this year - including identity theft, wiretapping, and unauthorized access - after he leaked several nude and revealing photos of the women online.
During the sentencing, Chaney was also ordered to pay $76,000 in restitution to Johansson, Aguilera and Renee Olstead.
Chaney, of Jacksonville, Florida, was arrested last October as part of a year-long investigation of celebrity hacking that authorities dubbed 'Operation Hackerazzi.'
He was hunted down by federal agents using a battering ram to his run-down brick home home which he had once shared with his late grandmother.
The depth of his hacking - which kept the unemployed Chaney glued to his computer screen for days at a time - enabled him to witness exchanges between celebrities, their family members and their doctors.
In all he was accused of illegally accessing the private information of around 50 stars with virtually no technical computer training.
'It's a year-long competition but I only decided to enter a month before it closed so time was a bit of an issue,' Mr Doman said.
'I looked through all 34 challenges and wrote a plan of how to do them all and how long it would take.
'It's all certainly possible to solve but it's not easy and you have to think carefully about the time required for each challenge.
'Security has always been an interest. At school I would publish computer security and operating system design tutorials. However setting up my own company left me with less time to pursue this interest.
'The Cybersecurity Challenge has certainly reignited my love for cybersecurity and problem-solving. I did better than I expected, and it's given me a boost to start applying for work in this field.'
Jim Christy, Director of Futures Exploration at the Department of Defense Cyber Crime Center said: 'This year's DC3 Digital Forensics Challenge saw the highest ever number of players and submissions, and a significant increase in the standard of the competition.
'All this makes Chris's achievement - finishing second as an individual, and beating teams of professionals from some of the largest companies in the world and government's cyber workforces - all the more remarkable.'
Mr Doman's success in the DC3 competition has also booked him a place to take part in the next competition run by Cybersecurity Challenge UK, the Sophos Malware Hunt in January.
There 30 talented amateurs from various virtual first stage Challenge competitions will take on the role of forensics and defence specialists working for the UK Government facing attack from both both cyber criminal gangs and hostile nations.
He will be joined at the Malware Hunt by his fellow top ranked UK candidates from the DC3 competition, IT professional Matt Bartlett, who finished ninth and Chris Moore, a fourth-year student at Durham University, who finished 12th, the highest ranked undergraduate in the world.
Next step: Thirty talented amateurs from various virtual first stage Challenge competitions will take on the role of forensics and defence specialists working for the UK Government
Stephanie Daman, CEO of Cybersecurity Challenge UK, said: 'Chris's success in this global competition and the performance of UK competitors more generally is a powerful demonstration of the level of amateur talent we have here in the UK.
'Unfortunately for a profession like cybersecurity where employers are desperate to find new talent, Chris's story of an early interest in the subject that wasn't pursued in later life is worryingly familiar.
By Todd Starnes
The minister of a Methodist church made national headlines after she scolded Donald Trump for injecting politics into a campaign stop.
The Rev. Faith Green Timmons came on stage and stopped Trump in the middle of his remarks at Bethel United Methodist Church.
Click here to join Todd's American Dispatch: a must-read for Conservatives!
She told him to stay focused on the water crisis and not Hillary Clinton.
“I invited you here to thank us for what we've done in Flint, not give a political speech,” the reverend told Mr. Trump.
Trump graciously complied with her demand.
But something doesn't pass the smell test. Consider this screen grab from the minister's Facebook page:
“We have our chance to show Donald Trump that this nation is filled with intelligent, wise black citizens of integrity many of whom live right in Flint, Michigan,” she wrote. “What he will see is how we are braving a man-made catastrophe. HE WILL NOT USE US, WE will EDUCATE HIM!!!”
Well, I guess the Rev. Timmons showed Mr. Trump — ambushing him in a House of Worship. I will give her credit for hushing up a protester who kept interrupting his remarks.
By the way, the Rev. Timmons has since deleted that Facebook posting. Hmm.
Mr. Trump showed great restraint and class as he complied with her request. And he deserves credit for at least trying to start a dialogue.
I wonder if Rev. Timmons “educated” President Obama like she did Mr. Trump?
How Many Electronic Toy Robots Did You Have in the 80s? The 1980s was a fruitful time for robotic buddies and the toys that imitated them. It's no wonder the decade saw so many electronic toy robots hit the market. PCMag reviews products independently , but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page. Terms of use
The 1980s witnessed a rare explosion in American robot mania. It led to the creation of personal home robots, such as the HERO, and a cavalcade of toy robots that were both functional and fanciful. You can thank George Lucas for that.
The wild popularity of sentient Star Wars droids like R2-D2 and C-3PO, when combined with the personal computer revolution, made the 1980s a fruitful time for robotic buddies and the toys that imitated them. People wanted to make real R2-D2s for themselves, and boy did they try.
By the end of the decade, Star Wars fever had died down and most people realized that sentient robot servants were nowhere near possible with the technology of the time. Those factors led to much furrier robots in the 1990s that pretended to be household pets or mogwai...but we'll save that story for another time.
Below, we'll take a look at 12 electronic robot toys—miniature cousins of the bigger home robots—that didn't just sit there looking pretty like a Transformer (ok, some of them sat there), but actually did stuff in an electronic, robotic way. When you're done reading, I'd love to hear about your favorite vintage robots in the comments.
(This story was originally published on July 9, 2011)
NHS Trust fined for radioactivity leak
Plymouth Hospitals NHS Trust has been ordered to pay almost £20,000 in fines and costs after exposing staff and properties in two countries to radioactive material.
The case, brought against the Devonshire Trust by the Environment Agency (EA), related to a single small radioactive implant, called a 'seed'.
Commonly used to tackle prostate cancer - implanted directly into the glad to deliver a high dose of radiation - singular seeds, around the size of a grain of rice, are relatively harmless, with cancer sufferers often having up to 100 implanted at a time. However, one such seed was damaged during an operation in October 2008, which staff at Derriford Hospital, Plymouth, failed to notice.
The damaged seed was only discovered nine days later, after the Trust returned a container thought to be empty, back to the seed manufacturers in Germany.
Even at that point, the Trust kept quiet; acting only in December, when contamination was detected as part of a routine inspection. The Environment Agency, which by law should have been told immediately, was not informed until 69 days after the incident.
Finding against Plymouth Hospitals Trust, magistrates ruled that the Trust had acted in an "extremely careless" manner with regard to both managing the spread of contamination, and informing the correct authorities.
Speaking after the hearing, the EA's Gary McMeekan said: "This case was about a failure to carry out a risk assessment on the use of new equipment, failures in the Trust's management arrangements and the consequences that resulted from those failures.
"We do not believe that there was any risk to the environment or to human health. However, if the Trust had carried out a risk assessment the incident could have been avoided."
Plymouth Hospitals NHS Trust admitted to failing to prevent damage to a sealed radioactive source containing iodine 125 on 28 October 2008. It also admitted to failing to minimise the spread of contamination, failing to dispose of a damaged radioactive source and failing to tell the Environment Agency as required by its permits.
The Trust was fined £10,000 and ordered that it pay £9,228 costs.
Sam Plester
The investigation into Russia's election meddling and any potential ties between Trump campaign staff members and the Kremlin is reportedly focusing on an 18-day period in early 2017 leading up to former White House national security adviser Michael Flynn's resignation.
According to NBC News, the investigation is honing in on the time period between Jan. 26 and Feb. 13, which was the day Flynn resigned.
ADVERTISEMENT
On Jan 26, former acting Attorney General Sally Yates told White House Counsel Don McGahn that Flynn was not telling White House officials the truth about his conversation with the Russian ambassador to the U.S., Sergey Kislyak.
Flynn at the time said he “inadvertently” provided Vice President Pence with “incomplete information” regarding his conversations with Kislyak.
Special counsel Robert Mueller is investigating why it took Flynn 18 days to resign after the president was briefed on Yates's caution to McGahn, the report said.
Two individuals confirmed to NBC News that the investigation appears to be focused on President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE potentially obstructing justice during that timeline.
Sources told NBC News that it looks like Mueller wants to know if Trump instructed Flynn to lie to officials.
Flynn earlier this month pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI, becoming the first former Trump administration official charged in Mueller's probe.
Milwaukee Finds A Fix For Stormwater Overflows: Abandoned Basements
Enlarge this image toggle caption Michael Sears/MCT/Landov Michael Sears/MCT/Landov
Some basement flooding could become happy occurrences, if more cities walk in the watery footsteps of Milwaukee.
As part of a new citywide sustainability plan and an attempt to reinvent itself as a "fresh coast" capital, Milwaukee is upgrading its water systems, and is researching options for tackling its chronic problems with stormwater management.
The city recently released a feasibility study that examines turning vacant basements into cisterns, preventing the untreated runoff from reaching the local rivers or Lake Michigan. The idea is the brainchild of Erick Shambarger, the deputy director of the city's Office of Environmental Sustainability.
After Milwaukee experienced major storms and subsequent flooding in 2008, 2009 and 2010, the city put together a Flooding Study Task Force, which included Shambarger.
A frequent topic of discussion was how to keep water out of people's basements. Milwaukee has a combined sewer system that collects both domestic waste and rainwater runoff, so when street flooding would overwhelm the sewer system, water and sewage would back up through the floor drains in people's basements.
While looking at a map of where the basement flooding was worst, Shambarger noticed that the location overlaps with the center of the city's foreclosure crisis. Hundreds of these foreclosed houses cannot be economically salvaged and are being razed by the city. Cue Shambarger's light bulb.
"If we are going to demolish the house anyway and there's going to be a vacant lot there, why not keep the basement portion of it?" he says. "Let's get water into those basements, and in the process keep other basements dry. We are making good use of a hole in the ground that somebody put there for us."
Shambarger and his team called the idea a "BaseTern" and trademarked the name on behalf of the city. Curtis Hulterstrum, the senior water resource engineer at HNTB Corp., examined multiple options for how the basements could be converted and the way BaseTerns would manage stormwater. Essentially, the basements will be used to immediately take the pressure off the sewage system by diverting and holding street and roof water "runoff" until the storm is over.
Water would flow into the structure, which would be covered with turf grass, via drains on top of the basement. It could flow out of the basement into the sewer system via the standard floor drain, or by adding multiple holes in the basement floor to allow some water to sink into the ground safely, or a combination of the two routes.
Kevin Patrick, a lawyer specializing in water issues, finds it "highly doubtful" that stormwater could be controlled in this manner, particularly in a way that is more economical than traditional stormwater solutions. But Hulterstrum says that it all depends on how you configure the outlet pipes, adding that costs will vary depending on the complexity of the BaseTern.
Shambarger says Milwaukee will begin measuring the idea's value by building a pilot BaseTern, hopefully by next summer, the city's rainy season. If Milwaukee finds success in the BaseTerns, it would be a big step up in the city's initiative to become a water technology hub.
The Fund for Lake Michigan paid for the feasibility study, and executive director Vicki Elkin says she'd be open to considering funding the pilot program as well. She says she hopes to learn not only how well the idea works, but whether it can be replicated in other areas of the city.
"What I'm hearing from engineers is that it's really place-dependent," she says.
David Waggonner, a water expert in New Orleans, says the idea sounds like a "worthy experiment." He adds, "I hope that it's a scale that will be replicable." Hulterstrum and Shambarger say the city has been getting a lot of interest surrounding the project, especially from other cities in the Great Lakes region.
Rapid uptake of solar panels puts dent in electricity market, report shows
Updated
A new report shows Australians have pounced on ways to save on their electricity bills by installing solar panels at an extraordinary rate.
The Climate Commission's Solar Energy report found more than 10 per cent of Australians, or 2.5 million people, use solar power for their homes.
It found there are now more than 1 million rooftop solar systems in Australia, up from 8,000 in 2007, with most uptake in the mortgage belt suburbs of Queensland, New South Wales and Victoria.
Climate Commission chief Tim Flannery is calling it "a solar revolution".
Key points Report found 2.5 million Australians use solar power in their homes
Now more than 1 million rooftop solar systems in Australia
Most uptake in the mortgage belt suburbs of Queensland, New South Wales and Victoria.
Cost of production of solar panels has declined 80 per cent in the last four years
"The things that have happened over the last five years in solar and in Australia weren't anticipated by anyone," he said.
"If you look at the government projections as to how the solar industry was going to develop, they were suggesting it would grow to the point it is now only by 2030."
Professor Flannery says it is just the beginning, with solar thermal power the next frontier in the renewable energy revolution.
"It has added up to a revolution because what it's done is put in the hands of the people the capacity to generate their own power," Professor Flannery said.
But he says it is not wealthy people installing solar panels.
"They are people on fixed incomes, particularly who don't like this idea of getting a bigger and bigger electricity bill every year, and people with large mortgages," he said.
Electricity market feels effects
"For every person with solar panels on their roof, that's effectively one less customer for the big utilities.
"It's changed the time where the peak load occurs and it's also helped to cause a decrease in the overall size of the electricity market."
In the future, Professor Flannery believes solar power may challenge other forms of electricity generation.
"There are a couple of new solar technologies which are really growing in popularity now, one of them being solar thermal that lets you generate electricity 24 hours a day," he said.
Professor Flannery expects some innovations that will see renters, not just homeowners, accessing the solar sector.
"One possibility that's not yet available in Australia, but is mooted, is the idea of community solar farms," he said.
"So that you can buy a couple of solar panels on a community roof space, like a local market or community building, and then use that as your electricity generation unit."
Problems with solar power programs
Governments across the country have been forced to cut the rebates, or feed-in tariffs, paid to customers whose solar power generation puts energy back into the grid.
"All around the world, not just in Australia, those feed-in tariffs have had to be cut because the economic benefit you get from putting in cheap solar panels and claiming a tariff was just too great," Professor Flannery said.
"In the last four years the cost of production of solar panels has declined 80 per cent.
"Since those rebates have been cut off, the industry has continued to grow strongly."
The Climate Commission says Australia leads the world in having the largest number of individual installations.
But in terms of total capacity for solar panels, Germany is ahead.
"But we're the sunny country you know, so I think Australia will catch up," Professor Flannery said.
Topics: solar-energy, electricity-energy-and-utilities, research-organisations, australia
First posted
Arizona State Representative Bob Thorpe has introduced an ill-advised piece of legislation that would undermine the principle of academic freedom and violate the First Amendment. If passed, HB 2120 would prevent public institutions of higher education and K-12 public schools from including curriculum or activities that “promote[s] division, resentment or social justice toward a race, gender, religion, political affiliation, social class or other class of people.”
Academic freedom demands that instructors and their institutions set the curriculum through shared governance without government interference. Otherwise, only politically popular approaches would ever be taught in classrooms.
Preventing instructors at public institutions from having a curriculum that could be seen as promoting social justice, division, or resentment is not just an unwise policy—it is also unconstitutional. It has been decades since there was any question that the First Amendment applies in full force at public universities. Indeed, in Healy v. James, 408 U.S. 169 (1972), the Supreme Court held:
[T]he precedents of this Court leave no room for the view that, because of the acknowledged need for order, First Amendment protections should apply with less force on college campuses than in the community at large. Quite to the contrary, “the vigilant protection of constitutional freedoms is nowhere more vital than in the community of American schools.”
Prohibiting instructors from teaching particular perspectives or topics is precisely the kind of content- and viewpoint-based restriction forbidden under the First Amendment. This does not change even if someone on campus might deem those perspectives or topics likely “to promote social justice, division, or resentment.” In practice, this legislation would confer unfettered discretion on campus administrators to shut down discussion on nearly any subject. For example, how could a professor teach about the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, or even the American Civil War without risking being accused of violating this statute by sounding overly sympathetic to social justice—however defined—or risking the creation of resentment or division?
Another of HB 2120's fundamental flaws is a troubling, content-based carve-out that illustrates why the framework of the bill is unworkable. It states that:
This section does not restrict or prohibit the instruction of the Holocaust, any other instance of genocide, or the historical oppression of a particular group of people based on ethnicity, race, or class.
This appears to be an effort to ensure that a professor can teach about genocide in spite of the statute's broad language. Yet it's not clear whether it requires instructors to do so in a manner that does not “promote division, resentment, or social justice,” or if this is the one context where it's acceptable to promote social justice, or risk causing division or resentment. These sorts of viewpoint-based exceptions are unconstitutional. And the fact that such an exemption was included in the bill indicates that even its authors understand the perils of these kinds of blanket prohibitions in an academic setting.
What's more, the cost for violating HB 2120, if passed and left unchallenged, could be massive. If the Arizona attorney general were to determine that the statute was violated by the educational institution, and the violation were not remedied within 60 days, he or she could direct the state treasurer to withhold up to 10% of the institution's budgeted funding. The bill does not make clear if each violation could trigger a separate 10% penalty, or how an institution could challenge the attorney general's determination.
In last year's session, the Arizona legislature passed important legislation to protect college students' free speech rights when it approved of bills that prohibited institutions from quarantining expressive activities on campus into tiny, misleadingly labeled “free speech zones.” That legislation passed overwhelmingly and with the support of Representative Thorpe. That indicates to FIRE that he cares about free speech on campus. Hopefully, now that the deeply problematic flaws in his bill have been called to his attention, he will scrap this proposal. If he does not, we hope his colleagues will do it for him. With last year's step forward for free speech on campus, it would be a terrible shame if Arizona took such a massive step back.
Beyond the challenges that Xbox has experienced especially with the sales performance of the family console of Xbox One, the overall picture of the brand is exceptionally positive. Recently, Microsoft's most senior executives held a conference on the company's financial report and reported that the Xbox brand is performing well and continues to grow.
Today Satya Nadella, CEO of Microsoft, mentioned in the financial report that the Xbox brand has positioned itself in a very good way worldwide in different areas and has been able to take advantage of great opportunities presented thanks to the expansion of the video game industry. In that sense, Nadella has stated:
Related Halo Infinite Rumored to Have RPG Elements and a Story That Adapts to User Decisions
Our gaming business now is more than nine billion dollars and growing profitably. The gaming world is growing faster than ever before from gameplay across multiple devices, to the explosive growth in streaming and esports, to new subscription services and mixed reality scenarios. We're uniquely positioned to capture a large share of this opportunity because of our ability to unite the global community of gamers through Xbox Live – now 53 million-strong, and growing – and to enable new experiences across PC, consoles and mobile.
At the same time, the CEO of Microsoft has announced that with the forthcoming launch of the Xbox One X, Microsoft intends to expand the options for its user base to meet the central objective of the company's video game division, which is to make players enjoy the games they want, with the people they want and on the devices they want.
Finally, Satya Nadella revealed that the new services of the Xbox brand, Xbox Game Pass and Mixer have had a great start and have enjoyed good reception by players.
We launched two new services to broaden our reach and enrich our gaming experience, both of which are off to a very strong start. Mixer, a new livestreaming service makes it easier than ever before for gamers to create and share across platforms, and to interact in entirely new ways. The Xbox Game Pass is a digital subscription service that expands our existing gaming value proposition.
What do you think about the statements of Satya Nadella? Let us know your opinion in the comments below.
How can you tell the difference between The North Face and Patagonia?
Just looking at the merchandise of each, the two companies are easy to confuse. With little difference in price point for most items, the two companies' main products (winter athleticwear) look just about the same, and it can be difficult to see which brand has the upper hand.
And despite their reputation as the clothing of suburban high school students, both Patagonia and North Face are well known as front-runners in the field of ecologically responsible companies. Organic fibers, ethical treatment of workers, minimizing emissions from company workshops, and transparency on business ventures are the orders of the day for both companies.
One key aspect that separates the companies is their annual revenue: The North Face made $2 billion in 2013, while Patagonia brought in a little over $570 million.
But Patagonia isn't ramping up their efforts to better compete in numbers with The North Face. In fact, according to their founder Yvon Chouinard, they're not interested in increasing profits at all.
What?
Just last September, Patagonia unveiled their latest marketing goal: limiting growth. Yep, you read that right. Patagonia announced they're aiming (with some specific action items) to make less than they have in previous years, in order to better serve the environment. They're calling this new campaign “The Responsible Economy.”
Via Patagonia.com
In an interview with GreenBiz last year, Chouinard argued that “green” is a buzzword that no longer has meaning, and that green products too often become easy ways of making companies and consumers feel satisfied with minimal actual change.
Rather, Chouinard is looking for ways to make products less disposable, and challenge consumers to be more responsible with their purchases, when they do buy:
“I believe in ‘appropriate technology.' We want to make something that replaces an old, efficient product.” “We ask our customers to think twice before you buy a jacket from us. Do you need it, or are you just bored? … Since corporations run the government, if you want to change the government, you have to change the corporations. If you want to change the corporations, change the consumers.”
To make matters even more interesting, Patagonia has additionally begun selling used Patagonia clothing and merchandise in stores in five cities nationwide, with plans for expansion. They have also created an investment fund to help environmental activism startup companies (according to this 2014 Adweek article).
Companies that are the direct competitors of Patagonia, including The North Face, have published relatively little in response to these calls to action. In fact, The North Face has little intention of diverging from the typical business plan of growth above all. They announced in their 2013 annual report that they plan to see their annual earnings raise to 3.3 billion by 2017.
What does Patagonia's marketing push mean for their appeal? As a selling strategy, suggesting that people shouldn't purchase their apparel could backfire miserably. For consumers to believe in this “anti-growth” campaign, they would not only have to believe that Patagonia is sincere, but also be willing to set aside their own materialist wants for “the greater good.” In this kind of un-marketing strategy, Patagonia only wins if you don't buy their latest athleticwear, and you also don't buy from any other brand.
Even so, it appears revenue and popularity are what Patagonia stands to lose, if the campaign isn't viewed as sincere. But popularity doesn't seem to be a problem with Patagonia's anti-growth plans. Back in November 2011, on Black Friday, Patagonia sold its winter line with tags that read, “Don't buy this jacket.” Black Friday customers were swayed by the tags, but ironically not to buy less from the company: thanks in part to the tags, Patagonia saw its revenue increase 30% from the previous year's Black Friday. Chouinard believes that rise in sales was due to winning new customers over from other brands.
It's clear that these days, in the realm of big business and environmentalism, Patagonia is easily outshining The North Face, with its promises of real change. If you're looking for a different company than all the others, Patagonia wants you to look no further. But if you believe in Patagonia's mission, there's no need to run out and support their company with your cash—at least, not until you're in the market for a new (or new-to-you) coat.
Buy less, but when you must, buy Patagonia.
Of course, companies like The North Face that are interested in growth for growth's sake (and also in raising money to have greater capital for doing good) will continue to use traditional marketing techniques to appeal to customers. It has always been the responsibility of shoppers to read between the lines of marketing campaigns and to buy what is best, not what is marketed best. Patagonia has simply upped the deal, by asserting that they are more interested in the greater environmental issues at hand, than in their profits and your money.
At the end of the day, maybe Patagonia is right—maybe we need to rethink the way we respond to calls for increased consumption. Perhaps buying less, and foregoing that new winter jacket because last year's still works isn't about denying yourself the latest in fashion, but about being responsible stewards of the earth. We've got to change how we reward companies that we trust and respect.
But in order to do that, we as potential consumers must be responsible for taking the initiative to wait to buy things until we need them. Patagonia alone can't stop consumption unless we shop with care, and “buying into” the values of a company doesn't have to mean buying a new product—or any product at all.
So do you really need that new fleece this fall?
4. Don't pay until all bills are in. You may receive a hospital bill with scary-looking high “charges” on it. Don't panic, and don't write a check. They're list prices, typically much higher than the network price you'll actually owe. Save all provider bills and compare them with the explanation of benefit (EOB) forms that you'll eventually get from your health plan. You will generally owe only the “patient responsibility” amount indicated on those forms for in-network care.
5. Fight back against stealth out-of-network bills. If you get blindsided by a bill from a non-network doctor after surgery or an emergency-room visit in a network hospital, you might be able to get it reduced if you make enough noise. First, ask the doctor to discount the fee. If that fails, complain to the hospital, your insurer, your employer (especially if you work for a large company), and your state insurance department or state health insurance consumer advocate. See our advice on managing your health-care bills.
6. For elective out-of-network care, find out about your plan's reimbursement policy. That information should be in your health-plan documents, but if not, call the plan and ask. Some set their own “allowed amount,” some use the Fair Health pricing database, and some pay a set percentage of Medicare's fee schedule. Typically a plan will pay a portion, such as 60 percent, of that agreed-upon price. You'll be obligated to pay the rest plus the balance of whatever your out-of-network provider decides to charge. So if a non-network doctor charges $2,000 for a treatment and the insurance company says the allowed price is $1,000, it will reimburse you $600 and you'll owe the doctor $1,400.
7. Negotiate prices with the out-of-network provider in advance. Start by looking up the “fair” prices in your geographical area for your test, procedure, or operation on FairHealthConsumer.org, HealthcareBlueBook.com, or both. Fair Health also has a sliding tool that shows what your reimbursement will be if your plan pays a percentage of Medicare's fee schedule for out-of-network services. Use those results as a basis for negotiating a price agreement with the out-of-network provider, and get it in writing. Healthcare Blue Book has a printable standard contract you can use for that purpose. Failure to agree on a price in advance could leave you liable for a very, very large balance bill.
8. For complex out-of-network procedures, prepare for lots of homework. If your procedure or surgery isn't included on either HealthCareBlueBook.com or FairHealthConsumer.org, ask the out-of-network provider for the CPT codes (standard medical billing codes) for each service to be performed. Also get the provider's tax identification number and the ZIP code of the location where the service will be performed.“Call the insurance company with this information, and they are absolutely obligated to tell you what they will pay,” says Jennifer Jaff, executive director of the nonprofit group Advocacy for Patients with Chronic Illness. “This is not information they're going to have at their fingertips. Chances are it's going to take days.” Once you have that information, negotiate with your provider as above.
Woman charged over racist tirade on Sydney train
Updated
A woman has been charged with racially abusing other passengers while travelling on a train in Sydney.
The 55-year-old was arrested on the New South Wales Central Coast on Thursday.
A commuter captured her racist tirade on camera on the train between Central and Strathfield stations on Wednesday afternoon.
She will face a Sydney court later this month.
Investigators are appealing to any passengers who witnessed the incident to come forward.
It is believed the confrontation began when the woman tried to get children travelling on the train to give up their seats.
In the video the woman abuses the man filming and a woman sitting next to him.
"Can't you get an Aussie girlfriend? You had to get a gook, you sad, poor pathetic man... Is it really that small you can't get an Aussie girl?" she said.
"What's wrong with Hong Kong? Why'd you come to this country? This is our country."
The woman also mocked the passenger's accent and pulled at her eyes in a racist gesture.
"I'm actually married. I'm not with her," the man replies.
Officers met the abusive woman at her destination, Strathfield Station, after other passengers complained about her behaviour to train guards, but they failed to take any action.
"Their inquiries basically left this person to go about her journey and travel to another destination," Assistant Police Commissioner Max Mitchell said.
A similar incident last year led to a woman being charged with offensive language after she verbally abused an Asian student on a Sydney bus.
Assistant Police Commissioner Mitchell has described the latest incident as "totally abhorrent".
"This behaviour is totally unacceptable and we will not tolerate this sort of behaviour occurring anywhere on the public transport system," he said.
"This person has committed offensive behaviour. It is a crime that we will not tolerate, particularly in regards to the racial motivation behind this incident."
Call to retain Racial Discrimination Act in current form
Race Discrimination Commissioner Dr Tim Soutphommasane said in a statement there was no excuse for acts of racial insult, humiliation and intimidation.
"I commend those passengers who have brought this incident to public attention," he said.
"It is important that we hold people accountable for racist abuse and vilification.
"When confronted with such conduct, everyone should consider a response, including reporting it to a relevant authority."
Dr Soutphommasane told the ABC the incident highlights the importance of retaining the Racial Discrimination Act in its current form.
The Federal Government wants to repeal Section 18C of the Racial Discrimination Act, which prohibits offensive behaviour based on racial hatred.
But Mr Soutphommasane says the law sends a clear message about what is unacceptable in Australian society.
"One of the serious problems with signalling to the community that you have a right to be a bigot is that it can embolden people to believe that they can racially abuse and vilify someone else and not have to face consequences for doing that," he said.
"So I believe it's important that we retain the existing protections under the Racial Discrimination Act.
"The law broadcasts our society's commitment to saying no to racism."
The woman from Buff Point was issued with a notice to appear in court on July 31 for offensive language.
Topics: race-relations, police, strathfield-2135, gosford-2250
First posted
The suspect used a long blade "similar to a machete," the police said on Monday.
According to the couple camping on the outskirts of Bonn, the man entered their tent early on Sunday and threatened them with his weapon in "broken English." He then forced the 23-year-old woman outside, raped her and fled the scene in the direction of the Rhine river.
The victim's 26-year-old boyfriend called the police. The authorities managed to secure multiple pieces of evidence and launched a manhunt for the suspect which included a helicopter and a sniffer dog team. Despite their efforts, however, the suspect remained on the loose.
On Monday, the police published a facial composite sketch of the assailant and asked the public to help them in the search. According to investigators, the suspect is a dark-skinned individual in his 20s, and around 180 centimeters (5 feet 11 inches) tall. At the time of the attack, he was wearing a light-colored pair of jeans and a short jacket.
Police were also investigating reported sightings near the crime scene.
The issue of migrants and sex crimes is an especially sensitive topic in this area of Germany, after the mass sexual assaults against women in the nearby city of Cologne during New Year celebrations on December 31, 2015.
Starting Friday, Uber users in 10 lucky cities around North America can summon a limited-edition ice cream cone from the ride-sharing app that unlocks free treats from McDonald's through September.
Uber will add an ice cream option at 11 a.m. Friday in Atlanta, Boston, Dallas, Los Angeles, Miami, New York City, San Francisco, Seattle, Toronto and Washington D.C. Uber's website says people who request ice cream and get matched will receive ice cream for up to four friends. They'll also receive a cone for free McDonald's soft-serve ice cream every Friday through Sept. 22.
Although Cincinnati didn't make the cut, Uber's website suggests checking its Cincinnati blog for any ice-cream related news and upcoming events.
Uber has offered occasional ice cream delivery since 2012, bringing more than 200,000 treats to cities around the world.
During a quiet moment on a nondescript offseason night, NBA finals MVP Kevin Durant and advertising-copywriter-turned-moderately-successful-rapper Lil' Dicky engaged in a casual conversation about the Cavaliers possibly trading LeBron James. It was civil, sincere, and engaging; a total rarity for Twitter.
The conversation was topical in that LeBron is a free-agent-to-be who's reportedly frustrated with the Cavaliers' dysfunction. It was also a complete fantasy because LeBron James cannot be traded — legally because he has a no-trade clause and functionally because no team would ever trade LeBron freakin' James.
Still, it got us thinking: What if the Cavaliers actually could trade LeBron and decided they needed to do so? What could possibly be fair value for the greatest basketball player of this generation?
Behold, our ideas:
WE'RE ACTUALLY KINDA SERIOUS ABOUT THIS ONE
The trade
WHY THE CAVS DO IT
There's a perfect storm of circumstances brewing between Boston's current place in the NBA hierarchy, its absurd treasure trove of assets, the Cavaliers' dysfunction, and the threat of James bolting for nothing next summer. In any other year, Dan Gilbert would automatically lean on LeBron and friends for a final title run, but the superteam in the Bay Area changes that dynamic.
If the Cavs are resigned to losing LeBron next summer anyway, netting a haul like this sets them up well for an entire generation moving forward. A potential lineup of Kyrie Irving (should he want to stay with Bron gone), J.R. Smith, Jae Crowder, Kevin Love, and Al Horford with Derrick Rose, Kyle Korver, Tristan Thompson, and one of Brown OR Tatum coming off the bench also ensures the Cavaliers' short-term prospects won't be nearly as dark as the last time the King walked.
WHY THE CELTICS DO IT
The same concern that LeBron would leave next summer exists for Boston, but the Celtics have a deeper roster now than Cleveland does and would be a much bigger title threat. LeBron surrounded by Isaiah Thomas, Gordon Hayward, and Brad Stevens would be a lot more likely to knock off the Warriors than LeBron surrounded by a disgruntled Kyrie (or whatever pennies-on-the-dollar return they'd get for him), Kevin Love, and Ty Lue. Getting that ring would be worth it even if LeBron leaves.
There's also a non-zero chance that LeBron would embrace his situation and sign another contract in Boston. But even if he doesn't, the Celtics are still set up nicely into the future with two blue-chip players (assuming Thomas re-ups), plenty of promising young players and picks, and one of the best coaches in the league.
-Alex Rubenstein
BIG BALLER SCENARIO
The trade
LeBron James to the Lakers
The entire Ball family to Cleveland
WHY THE LAKERS DO IT: It's LeBron-freaking James. You get to put the biggest star in your city since Kobe, and you get to remove a potential headache in LaVar. It's perfect. Now we don't just get LeBron gets to go to the most marketable city of his career, giving him the opportunity to start not just “Is LeBron better than MJ?” talk, but also “Is he the best Laker ever?” chatter.
WHY THE CAVS DO IT: Young talent and a new beginning. You trade off LeBron here, Kyrie in a separate deal and suddenly you've gone from having a point guard who thinks the world is flat to a family who thinks it revolves around them.
Meanwhile, the Ball family will never reach the heady heights of popularity it craves in Los Angeles. Too many fish, even for a big pond. They can walk in and totally own Cleveland. Big Baller sausages, the Browns will be renamed the “Cleveland Balls,” and in time the city will become “Balleveland.” The sky is the limit for their marketing genius. Also, you know LaVar would write passionate letters in Comic Sans as well.
-James Dator
BANANA BOAT REUNION
The trade
Just look at the image.
WHY THE BANANA BOAT DOES THIS
The banana boat has been patiently waiting since 2015 for its crew to finally reunite. Honestly, the boat has been waiting since the 2003 NBA draft for LeBron James, Chris Paul, and Dwyane Wade to play together. But it wasn't public knowledge until the banana boat photo leaked a couple of summers ago.
This isn't just about basketball. This is bigger than the game. This is about brotherhood. This is about family. This is about a bunch of old-ish NBA players finally teaming up because it just feels right.
WHY THE OTHER TEAMS DO THIS
Because the NBA has completely lost its mind trying to beat the Warriors.
-Whitney Medworth
TO THE U.S. SENATE
The trade
LeBron to Washington, D.C.
A congressional seat for LeBron in the state of Ohio, Gogo music, fried chicken with mumbo sauce, and Otto Porter to Cleveland.
Why the D.C does it
Look, I know what you're thinking: That's way too much. Nothing in this world is worth the wholesome taste of good chicken drenched in pristine mumbo sauce. Don't even get me started on the Gogo. Seriously, don't get me started, because I won't stop.
But it's also LeBron James. He's the greatest player of this generation, and D.C. hasn't seen a title in any sport in 25 years. It's time for the capital city to be a contender again, even if that means giving up things we hold near and dear to our hearts.
Why the Cavs do it
This would be the greatest transaction in NBA history. It would finally catapult Cleveland somewhere on the list of places people actually want to visit. “We have the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame,” locals will tell you, but rock hasn't really been in for almost two decades. What about the lakes? Ain't nobody worried about no lake, Cleveland.
But good fried chicken? People travel for that. And what goes best with some good chicken? Some mumbo sauce and a bit of percussion on a beat.
Plus, LeBron still gets to make political decisions for the state. It's a win-win.
-Michael Sykes
BRING THE CITY OF NEW YORK TO CLEVELAND
The trade:
LeBron James to New York
Actual Nightlife, 47 Bodegas, the J train, 4,721 pizzas, 10,000 pounds of Oxtail, 1,950 cheesecakes, and 1,458 slices of chopped cheese to Cleveland.
Why New York does it
It's LeBron James, the greatest basketball star this generation going to the biggest market on the planet. There's no explanation necessary for this one. With LeBron and the players who will flock to join him in New York, the Knicks can see their first championship since 1973 and bring true joy to a fan base that's been neglected for decades.
Why Cleveland does it
Let's face it. Some of the best food you'll find in this country is in New York. It's called the melting pot for a reason: You get food from everywhere on Earth here. How many Clevelanders have salivated over a plate of braised oxtails that's been slow-cooked for 12 hours, served with rice and peas, mac and cheese, cabbage, plantains, and sorrel?
They probably don't understand the gratification that comes with lifting your aluminum tray — one side much heavier than the other — knowing full well your server has blessed you with a copious helping of this sacred dish. With this trade, at the low cost of a 32-year-old LeBron James, Dan Gilbert can bring real happiness to a community that's been deprived of good food for centuries.
What's a championship when you can bring cheesecake to The Land?
-Kristian Winfield
THE GALAXY FAR, FAR AWAY
The trade
LeBron James to the Empire
Darth Vader, the Death Star plans, 12 stormtroopers, and two Super Star Destroyers to the Cavs
Why the Empire does it
The Emperor is always secretly on the lookout to replace Vader with an apprentice that can be more powerful. This is a person who goaded Anakin to behead Count Dooku just for the chance that Anakin would take his place. So sacrificing Vader and a series of other goodies for the opportunity to corrupt LeBron is very much in Sidious' character.
Why the Cavs do it
Vader isn't Bron, but he's a star in his own right and a marketing machine that'll keep fans engaged during a rebuild. The Death Star itself is obviously off limits, but the plans could be useful to ransom if LeBron wants to return one day. (Think of them like the Heat sending over two draft picks in a LeBron sign-and-trade, which helped the Cavs rebuild to recruit James back later on.) The Super Star Destroyers can be quality rotation players for a couple of years, and while the stormtroopers are disposable, it's possible one develops into something useful.
-Mike Prada
AND THEN ... HOODIE MELO
2:34 p.m., Tuesday, Aug. 22
(We're in an office somewhere in New York City. A whiteboard with names of NBA players stretches across one wall. The faint scent of peyote still lingers, but it's weeks old. Knicks general manager Scott Perry dials Cavaliers general manager Koby Altman.)
PERRY: Koby! I heard you might be trading LeBron.
ALTMAN: Actually, yeah. NBA Reddit is convinced that James is leaving next year, and so if they think so, it must be happening. We might as well get something in return.
PERRY: Oh that sucks. Well, I've got an offer for you.
ALTMAN: Like ... for LeBron? You're going to offer someone on your roster for ... LeBron?
PERRY: Yeah. How about Melo for LeBron straight up?
ALTMAN, in his Cleveland office: —an you hear me? Can yo— Scott, I think I'm losi- ... I'm going through a tunnel, it must b— ... —ell phone cutting out.
[the phone call cuts out]
11:32 p.m., Sunday, Sept. 3
(We're in that same New York City office. Empty Monster energy drinks litter the floors now. The peyote smell is back, and it's fresh. Weird, right? Maybe someone left a stash of it in here. Scott Perry, red-eyed and in a crumpled dress shirt, wearily types a number into his phone.)
PERRY: Hey, Koby? I've been trying to reach you for a couple of weeks. Our conversation got disconnected last time?
ALTMAN, to himself: Why did you answer this phone call?
ALTMAN, to Perry: Oh yeah man! I, uh, don't think that we're interested in that tra—
PERRY: Carmelo is going to play every game in a hoodie.
ALTMAN, voice rising: —de beCAUSE WE'LL DO IT.
PERRY: Well, I was also going to call the Kin—
ALTMAN: OK WE'LL INCLUDE KEVIN. AND KYRIE, TOO.
PERRY: Oh, wow. Well, I guess ...
ALTMAN: I'M CONNECTING ADAM SILVER RIGHT NOW.
SILVER, with what sounds like Migos in the background: um, hey, guys what's up?
ALTMAN: Hi Adam. We're making a trade. Please approve it.
Takeoff, faintly over Silver's phone line: —nd did it look like black olives was left off of our pizza orde—
SILVER: Oh shoot, sorry fellas, I'm hosting a few friends for some wine and cheese tonight. Let me go into the other room. OK, OK, I'm good now. What's the trade?
ALTMAN: It's Kyrie, Kevin, and LeBron fo—
SILVER: um
ALTMAN: —r Melo who's gonna wear a hoodie all season.
SILVER: OH
ALTMAN, dropping a photo into the NBA general manager Slack channel: Here it is:
SILVER: I'm not sure the money or like literally any other rule you have to follow when you make trades matches up but ...
[small pause]
SILVER: Approved. Congrats, fellas.
[Perry hangs up. Silver is still stunned. Altman grins in satisfaction.]
ALTMAN: I told you I'd get these guys traded before the season starts.
SILVER: Wow. Just wow. I can't believe you fleeced the Knicks like that.
-Tim Cato
Now it's your turn. Let us know your most ridiculous fake LeBron James trades in the comments section.
Vice President Joe Biden privately met with Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) in Washington on Saturday amid speculation that he is preparing to launch a campaign for the White House, CNN reported.
According to the New York Times, the hour-long meeting took place at the Naval Observatory, with no aides present.
The purpose of the meeting is not known, but The New York Times reported on Friday that Biden was reaching out to potential campaign donors. Biden has said that he will make a decision on a run at the end of the summer.
Warren is seen as an influential Democrat. Clinton also met with Warren in December before launching her presidential campaign, and sought policy suggestions on several issues, including income inequality, according to The New York Times.
While Warren had publicly urged Clinton to run for president, the Massachusetts senator has stopped short of endorsing Clinton's progressive credentials.
This article has been updated with additional details about the meeting.
Also on HuffPost:
The Daytime Emmy for Outstanding Legal/Courtroom Program is a category of the Daytime Emmy Awards dedicated to the court show genre. It was first introduced in 2008. Previously, court shows were grouped miscellaneously in the talk show category.
In its first season, Cristina's Court became the first winner in this category in 2008. Last Shot with Judge Gunn won the award in 2012, only one season into its run. Last Shot is the first nontraditional courtroom series to receive the award. In 2013, Judge Judy won the award for the first time, making the show the first long-running, highly rated court show to win an Emmy.
2000s [ edit ]
2010s [ edit ]
Multiple wins [ edit ]
3 wins
2 wins
Multiple nominations [ edit ]
9 nominations
3 nominations
2 nominations
Image copyright Getty Images
Four years after a giant orange stadium appeared on their land, the inhabitants of Matsafeni village outside Nelspruit in South Africa say they are still waiting for their World Cup legacy.
"They lied to us and betrayed us," said Imaan Milanzi, a community liaison officer, pointing to a muddy hole in the ground surrounded by rubbish, bushes and banana plants.
Half a dozen people, holding battered old plastic paint tubs, had formed a casual queue, waiting for their turn to access the borehole - their one, trickling water supply.
"Things didn't go as planned," said Mr Milanzi, of the local government's redevelopment plans.
"They first promised to supply water, upgrade houses and roads. But they just built the stadium and disappeared."
Image copyright AFP Image caption Nelspruit residents are disappointed that nothing else was developed except the "giraffe stadium"
The South African authorities spent some $2bn (£1,2bn) on infrastructure and other upgrades in order to host the 2010 World Cup - a tournament widely viewed at the time as a glorious, crime-free, profitable, reputation-changing, success.
Even if Fifa gave us all the money it made, that's not going to address all the poverty and inequality Danny Jordaan, South Africa's World Cup organiser Brazil 2014: What fans need to know
But four years on, what remains of the much-touted legacy, and what lessons could South Africa offer Brazil?
Motorway tolls
"It was a success for Fifa and the corporate sponsors made a lot of money, but it left local businesses and the state floundering," said Johannesburg-based researcher Dale McKinley, pointing out that of the eight stadiums built or refurbished for the World Cup, only one - the iconic FNB stadium outside Soweto - "is financially viable".
Indeed, campaigners are now demanding that the most expensive stadium, in Cape Town, be pulled down.
The tournament did accelerate work on the Gautrain - the high-speed rail link between Johannesburg, its airport, and nearby Pretoria - and prompted some major motorway upgrades and a new bus system for Johannesburg.
But critics say the Gautrain is priced out of the reach of most South Africans, and highly controversial new tolls on the motorways mean drivers are still paying for the renovations.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The high-speed Gautrain connects OR Tambo airport with Johannesburg and Pretoria
"The infrastructure is good, but why was the money not used properly at the World Cup [so that we wouldn't be] left with these debts, and are now paying two or three times over again; and the prices of those services are beyond the means of a large percentage of our population which can't afford them," said Mr McKinley.
'Hint of smugness'
The man who ran South Africa's World Cup, Danny Jordaan, concedes that the Nelspruit stadium - which cost three times the initial estimate and was surrounded by allegations of corruption and the subsequent murder of two whistle-blowers - still represents a "huge challenge".
But sitting by the pitch inside an empty FNB stadium, Mr Jordaan told me that expectations about the impact of 30 days of football were unrealistic.
"Even if Fifa gave us all the money it made, that's not going to address all the poverty and inequality" in South Africa, he argued.
Besides, he said, the main aim and legacy of the tournament was to "rebrand" the country - and indeed the continent - as a "hopeful, rather than hopeless" place, in order to attract more tourism and foreign investment in the decades ahead.
Image caption Residents in Nelspruit were promised a better water supply
In that sense, Mr Jordaan said, the peaceful, profitable tournament had been "a triumph".
Contemplating Brazil's experiences four years later, there is more than a hint of smugness among officials here.
After all, chaotic, crime-ridden South Africa pulled off an impeccably organised, crime-free World Cup, with all its stadia ready long ahead of time.
Mr Jordaan was critical of Brazil's slow infrastructure preparations, and of the lack of "competition" in the bidding process for a South American host nation.
He said South Africa had been fortunate that its tournament had come after years of economic growth, which meant that "we did not have to move money from social investment".
'Slap in the face'
And yet, following the tournament, Fifa built just five mini-soccer pitches around South Africa as part of its promise to support the development of football.
I would say to them that they should just be careful not to accept anything that they hear from the officials Imaan Milanzi, Nelspruit community liaison officer
Mr McKinley described the legacy project as "a slap in the face".
"A handful of projects is given World Cup money. They could have built a pitch in every school with the money they made. Why is Fifa so greedy?"
At one pitch, on a hillside overlooking the township of Alexandra outside Johannesburg, children were getting lessons from volunteers on a recent afternoon after school.
Fifa "did a good job", said Mooki Dube, programme officer at the Grassroot Soccer charity, which is now looking for new funders to support its work.
"We appreciate what they did for us. But they could do more, and if they did do more, that would be welcome."
Back in Nelspruit, I asked Mr Milanzi what advice he would have for Brazilians as they prepare for their World Cup.
"I would say to them that they should just be careful not to accept anything that they hear from the officials," he said.
"The officials are just there to make money from the stadiums and leave them in their current situation."
Things are never as they seem when a player with the dynamics of Ryan Kesler gets dealt away. You always feel like they should be worth more, until the cold, hard market delivers its accurate depiction of what that player's value is at this precise moment in his career.
Nick Bonino, a real good No. 3 centre; Luca Sbisa, a solid young, second-pairing defenceman; and the 24th pick in the draft. Plus a swap of third-round picks with the Anaheim Ducks.
In this deal, Anaheim gets more today, but Vancouver kills it on the tomorrow. If that isn't yet another sign that the rebuild is on in Vancouver, then you haven't been watching of late.
Or you weren't watching on Friday, as new general manager Jim Benning swung a deal that sent overpriced defenceman Jason Garrison to Tampa, along with the rights to college player Jeff Costello and a seventh-round pick, for the 50th pick in the 2014 draft. They weren't done yet. In a third trade, the Canucks acquired forward Derek Dorsett from the New York Rangers in exchange for the 85th pick in this year's draft. That left Vancouver with pick Nos. 6, 24, 36, 50, 66, 126, 156 and 186 this weekend.
Kesler was aging, expensive and getting worn down. Garrison was never worth the UFA deal that former GM Mike Gillis gave him. It took a new GM to walk in without any connections to either player and clear the decks, and the Sbisa acquisition clearly made the Garrison deal that much easier for Benning to make.
As for the Kesler trade, the more we think about it, the more we like it for Vancouver. There are a lot of hard miles on Kesler, who may never again be the guy who dominated Nashville and San Jose, then limped through the rest of that Stanley Cup Final in 2011 like the consummate thoroughbred. Surgical procedures have robbed Kesler of the ability to be that guy anymore — at least for prolonged stretches — and perhaps his medical file is the primary reason for a return from the Ducks that came in a tad short of what many of us expected.
And we forget that a player of Kesler's experience has a long track record, which in this player's case would hurt the Canucks' position almost as much as his short list of destinations did.
Here's the deal: Kesler wasn't well liked by many of his teammates, and Anaheim GM Bob Murray's intelligence would have taught him that. We're willing to say that on the record, even though NHL players do not go on the record with confirmation of something like that.
The guy is prickly, and by my contacts within the Canucks organization, that attitude went well beyond his dealings with media and stretched to team employees, few of whom will be sad to see this transaction finally get made.
Inside the room, Kesler's wish to be dealt at the March 5 trade deadline was seen by one Canuck veteran I spoke with as a guy jumping ship when times were tough. He was happy to be a Canuck when they were winning the Northwest and making Cup runs, but the minute times got tough he was ready to move on.
And so he did, to a contender with a solid, veteran dressing room and a strong culture that can absorb a difficult personality without fear. Besides, Kesler will make Anaheim better, and his history is that he's happy as long as the team is winning, which the Ducks will do.
Meanwhile, the Canucks rebuild got into high gear Friday, as Benning cleared cap space for what we believe will be a concerted run at UFA goalie Jonas Hiller (or, perhaps, Ryan Miller). The GM moved two expensive 29-year-olds Friday, created salary cap space, and planned to load up on prospects at the draft later that night and on Saturday.
The acquisition of Sbisa, a 24-year-old who never quite lived up to his 19th-overall draft status, gives Benning a younger, bona fide NHL defenceman nearing his prime. Bonino is 26 and can likely jump from his No. 3 centre role in Anaheim into Kesler's No. 2 spot in Vancouver for now.
Benning grabbed the reins big-time Friday. And there is no reason to believe he's done dealing yet.
Story highlights Joy Strickland: My son was killed by teenagers who were drug abusers
Strickland: Drug prohibition does not protect our children from drug violence
She says marijuana legalization in two states can be catalyst for federal reform
Strickland: Our drug policy should focus on public health rather than law enforcement
Dear Mr. President:
Congratulations on your hard-fought and historic re-election. The American people have entrusted you with a second term in the Oval Office. As you consider your agenda for the next four years, it is my sincere hope that you will commit some portion of your brilliance and pragmatism to fixing our broken drug policy.
The issue became personal for me when my tall, handsome and gifted 19-year-old son was killed, with a friend, in a random crime by two teenagers who were drug abusers and low-level drug traffickers looking for someone to carjack on June 19, 1993.
Compassion demands that we do everything in our power to protect children from drugs, the ravages of drug dealers, and drug-related crimes. But drug prohibition has the opposite effect, exposing children to turf wars, gang violence, and access to drugs.
recent Gallup poll indicates that a record 50% of Americans favor legalizing marijuana. But the federal government remains wedded to an outdated, 75-year-old policy that has no hope of ending the drug war.
Joy Strickland
In the absence of thoughtful leadership on this issue from Washington, a growing number of states have moved to fill the void. Seventeen states and the District of Columbia have approved cannabis for medical use.
But owners, operators and employees of marijuana dispensaries, caught in the conflict between state and federal drug laws, have come under pressure. Drug Enforcement Administration agents, dressed in full riot gear, have made good on threats to raid dispensaries, destroying personal property and livelihoods in the process. No American citizen should be put in this position.
Undaunted, states continue their forward march. In an unprecedented move on Election Day, Colorado and Washington state passed laws representing a brazen challenge to federal prohibition: Both legalized marijuana.
Currently, the penalty gap among states for marijuana possession is far from ideal. In one state, drug possession may be inconsequential, while in another, the consequences could follow you for the rest of your life. An inconsistency of this magnitude is not tenable.
The new laws in Colorado and Washington state could result in an escalation of the drug war, or they can be a catalyst for federal reform.
I'm hoping and praying for the latter.
Americans deserve a drug policy based on science, compassion and equity. Instead, we have a policy that ignores science, increases harm, and is rife with contradictions.
Despite efforts dating back to 1972, marijuana remains on Schedule 1 of the Controlled Substances Act. Drugs in this category include cocaine, opium, heroin, and other highly addictive, deadly drugs.
Part of the justification for the Schedule 1 classification is the federal government's insistence that marijuana has no medical benefits. But the Department of Health and Human Services obtained U.S. Patent 6630507 for cannabis in 2003. In a stunning contradiction to the Schedule 1 classification, the patent abstract states:
"The cannabinoids are found to have particular application as neuroprotectants, for example in limiting neurological damage following ischemic insults, such as stroke and trauma, or in the treatment of neurodegenerative diseases, such as Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease and HIV dementia."
To paraphrase one observer, listing marijuana with Schedule 1 drugs is like including a rubber spatula in a "deadly weapons" category alongside semiautomatic rifles.
Among the privileged, problematic drug use is treated as a health issue. But poor, black, and brown people are far more likely to be arrested and criminalized than given access to treatment.
Americans are 5% of the world's population, and 25% of those incarcerated . Our incarceration rates are the highest in the history of the world, representing a shameful waste of human potential. And the drug war is the vehicle that has brought us to the destination of mass incarceration.
Meanwhile, drug trafficking is a problem of supply and demand. The first step toward drug policy reform should be to determine the effectiveness of current strategies in having a sustainable impact on the supply of or the demand for drugs. Ineffective strategies and programs must be discontinued. We can't afford to continue expensive policies that don't work.
Secondly, we must transform our drug policy from a law enforcement model to a public health approach. This means investing substantially in effective prevention, working with states to encourage harm reduction strategies and making treatment available on demand.
The federal government must adopt a policy of controlled legalization for all drugs, starting with marijuana. Federal legalization would protect our children from drugs in a way that law enforcement can't, eliminate the penalty gap from state to state for drug possession, and mark the beginning of the end to mass incarceration.
On behalf of my family and the millions who have been victimized by the drug war, I urge the president to give this critical issue the time and attention it deserves.
Follow us on Twitter @CNNOpinion
Now, if you're here reading this, you're probably one of two types of people – a Bitcoin enthusiast who's curious about using his or her virtual resources to play some online casino, or an online casino enthusiast looking to learn more about just what this whole Bitcoin thing is and how it can be used to play casino games, poker and bingo. either way, you've come to the right place! The people in the first category obviously need no introduction to the concept of Bitcoins, but those in the second one may need a quick summary. Don't worry, I'm going to be quick – just skip to the next paragraph if you already know all of this! Bitcoin is what's known as an e-currency – meaning that it has no physical form (no coins or bills that you can hold in your hand, nor checks that you can write), and in addition it's also not owned by any person, company or government. Hell, nobody even quite knows who made it! What matters is that numerous people are using the currency to sell goods online safely and securely outside of official channels (namely – banks). If you so desire, you can later convert Bitcoin into other currency, or you can leave it like this and pay online with it.
While at first pretty much the only things you could buy with Bitcoins were illegal ones (the famous drug selling website Silk Road accepted them), over the years there have been many more, thankfully legitimate, services which accept the currency. Hell, there are even terminals in some cities around the world which allow you to pay your bills and taxes with Bitcoins, how cool is that? Naturally, often plagued by legal trouble even when they operate lawfully, online casinos were among the first to start accepting Bitcoins when making deposits. Some of the biggest casinos that are active in Europe now accept the currency, but really, you'd need to manually check each one to see if they're willing to take your money that way. Hmm, if only there was a site which told you exactly which online casinos worked with Bitcoin… Oh, wait! This site shows you how to find the best bitcoin casino easily and conveniently, without the hassle of having to check dozens of casinos by yourself. The work is already done for you!
The site will verify each casino to ensure that it's legitimate, and then will post a recommendation giving players a thumbs up or thumbs down. Sometimes they'd even go above and actually full on review various Bitcoin-centric online casinos – for example Bitcasino, you can find a detailed review here, which I highly recommend checking out so that you'll know exactly what you're going into. The reviews talk about the standard stuff that you'd want to know when visiting an online casino, such as the games (and the software they run on), the minimum and maximum deposit amounts, that kind of thing. It just so happens that every casino that's currently reviewed or mentioned on the site just so happens to accept Bitcoins. So if that's what you want, you're pretty much all set! All you need to do is read through them, check out precisely what you need and what you're looking for and, at last, sign up to your online casino of choice! And all I can say is happy gambling!
By Madcow Morning News
When terrorist pilots Mohamed Atta, Marwan Al-Shehhi and Siad Al-Jarrah spent the last six months of the year 2000 practicing “touch-and-go's” at the Venice Municipal Airport, they were sharing the runways with a second clandestine operation which has gone unmentioned until now.
According to The New American Drug Lords, a new 2-hour documentary by investigative journalist Daniel Hopsicker, the second ongoing operation in Venice while terrorists took flight training there was a Drug Trafficking Organization (DTO), with a global reach, and a talent for avoiding publicity.
Among the chilling conclusions of The New American Drug Lords, a new 2-hour documentary by investigative journalist Daniel Hopsicker:
“An international drug trafficking network has been operating in Venice since the early 1970's, when the notorious paramilitary drug trafficking organization known as The Company had a base at the Venice Airport.”
Today, the successor to The Company appears to be the major drug trafficking operation an hour up the coast from Venice, at the St. Petersburg-Clearwater Int'l Airport, where two American-registered airplanes took off before being busted in the Yucatan carrying a cumulative total of ten tons of cocaine.
Some wisdom from a true American hero
Using “cut-outs” like foreign pilots and Saudi money-man Adnan Khashoggi to provide plausible deniability to the drug network's U.S. sponsors, the organization was run—or at least received protection from—America's Central Intelligence Agency, with powerful connections to prominent figures and top financiers in the national Republican Party.
Wally Hilliard's drug operation in Venice has strong links to the St. Petersburg operation. Many have already been reported. New ones are still surfacing. The two operations may in fact be the same operation.
Almost 50 years ago, New Orleans District Attorney James Garrison puzzled over what was visible, what was not, and what it meant.
“I knew by now that when a group of individuals gravitated towards one another for no apparent reason,” he wrote in On the Trail of the Assassins, “or a group of individuals inexplicably headed in the same direction as if drawn by a magnetic field…Or coincidence piled on coincidence too many times…As often as not the shadowy outlines of a covert intelligence operation were somehow becoming visible.”
It made sense then. It makes sense today.
“THAT Company? Yep. That Company.”
I have known since 2004, (I reported it in my book Welcome to Terrorland) that when Mohamed Atta arrived at Huffman Aviation, a Lear jet (N351WB) belonging to the flight school's owner, Wally Hilliard, was flying weekly drug flights—a total of 39—to Venezuela and back,” says Hopsicker.
“Then, three weeks after Atta's arrival, Hilliard's Lear was seized by DEA agents at Orlando Executive Airport who found 43 lbs. of heroin onboard. According to the Orlando Sentinel, it was a Central Florida record.”
After the 9/11 attack that killed almost 3000 people, one would think that this incriminating fact alone would be enough to spark a Watergate-style Congressional Inquiry. Alas, the connection between Atta's arrival and Hilliard's drug trafficking has never been remarked on officially.
Today, that seems to have been a case of the less said the better.
The Company's contingent at the Venice Airport numbered as many as a dozen pilots and associates, and was led by a mysterious Cuban exile, Mario Silverio Villamia, using the alias Frank Guzman, who was named along with Jack Ruby in a 1964 FBI document to the Warren Commission.
Federal prosecutors said The Company (the subject of Sally Denton's excellent The Bluegrass Conspiracy, which first raised pointed questions about the involvement of the CIA with the group) was composed of three hundred or so Special Force's veterans, former military intelligence officers, ex-DEA Agents, policemen, and even judges.
Going “Whole Island” in the Bahamas
A small mountain of evidence, including eyewitness interviews, financial records, court documents, even the FAA's Aircraft Registry, is introduced in the course of the two hour show to demonstrate the connections between the planes, the drugs, and the CIA.
In addition to ten tons of cocaine which instantly became Lost Luggage, the second SkyWay Aircraft… Larry Peter's SkyWay Aircraft…may be in deeper than was thought.
All by itself Peter's SkyWay sold nine airplanes to cartels that were caught or seized for hauling cocaine.
The silence on this issue by law enforcement and the U.S. Dept of Homeland Security is unnerving.
“If you lived in Medellin and police discovered 1o tons of cocaine, people would be looking around for Pablo Escobar, or, since he's dead, the new Pablo Escobar,” says Hopsicker. “But the drug trafficking operation in St Petersburg has received barely a smattering of unfavorable publicity.“
Also in the documentary you'll hear eyewitness testimony about how one of Hilliard's Lear jets (N35NK) flew three times a week to Rum Cay in the Bahamas in 2003 and 2004 to support an Adnan Khashoggi-led move to take over the island,” said Hopsicker.
“The island was isolated, it has only one policeman.
And it has a brand new 5000-ft runway, making it a perfect place for twin-engine planes and business jets to refuel in discreet privacy enroute to and from South and North America.”
That accomplished, the plane began flying CIA extraordinary renditions.
The Big Taboo
That the connection between Mohamed Atta and Wally Hilliard's drug trafficking has not been aired before the nation is a testament to the power of one of our country's Big Taboos, which somehow “protects” the American public from having to confront either the existence or identity of their own “home team” in the drug wars.
The New American Drug Lords would have it no other way. Few believe things will be changing anytime soon.
“Questions about drug trafficking and 9/11 weren't being encouraged—putting it mildly—back in 2002 & 2003,” said Hopsicker.
“When the FBI found out that Amanda Keller, Atta's erstwhile American girlfriend, had seen him regularly using cocaine, they did nothing to discourage her—again, putting it mildly—from slipping out of town and disappearing, until I was found her hiding in Ohio more than a year later.”
So, who is the Procter & Gamble of the drug business?
How does $300 billion worth of drugs get distributed to retail as efficiently as if it were razor blades or Charmin bathroom tissue each year?
The very question is verboten.
The elephant in the living room escapes exposure through the invocation of a taboo.
Learning from the Tongans
The word ‘taboo' comes from the South Pacific island of Tonga, meaning “a prohibition against touching, saying, or doing something for fear of immediate harm from a supernatural force,” was brought back to Europe by the legendary Captain Cook.
While taboos exist in all societies, according to anthropologists say, only the Tongans apparently felt free enough to give it a name.
Tongan taboos can mostly be traced to risks to health and safety, for example, banning foods which can make you sick. Worldwide, most taboos concern avoiding objects and actions considered significant for the maintenance of social order.
The American Drug Lords bear less of a resemblance to the Tony Montana character in “Scarface” than to preppy Yale and Harvard-educated scions of America's traditional political elite.
This is a fact some might consider injurious to the current social order.
The subject isn't even raised. Not in polite company. Not in newspapers. Not even in books, except of course, those which reside beyond the Pale, in Conspiracy Land.
Don't take my word for it.
The power of the taboo against discussing the American role in the global drug trade is painfully visible in a recent book by Tim Weiner, a Pulitzer Prize-winning reporter for the New York Times.
Wiener recently wrote a highly critical history of the CIA, called “Legacy of Ashes.” You can't get much more critical about an institution than to call a history of it “Legacy of Ashes.”
Yet, in a 702-page book, Pulitzer Prize winning reporter Weiner brings up CIA drug trafficking exactly zero times. Not once. Not a single mention.
How odd. Even troglodytes are aware of the many controversies over drug trafficking which have swirled around the CIA in its 60-year history.
Apparently, taboos don't exist today only in places like Borneo, and the pages of National Geographic.
They exist here, too.
Right here. Right now.
“The New American Drug Lords”
http://www.danielhopsicker.tv
Buy the film here.
Advertisements
C.J. Spiller has played on two Buffalo Bills teams that have gone a combined 10-22 under head coach Chan Gailey. He has 884 rushing yards and eight career touchdowns, but that's not stopping him from talking up the team's prospects heading into the 2012 season.
"We split with New England. We had the Giants on the ropes. We are close to being a Super Bowl team," Spiller told NFL Sirius XM Radio on Thursday, reports Gregg Rosenthal of NFL.com. "We have to protect the ball."
The Bills beat New England for the first time in 16 tries during Week 3 of the 2011 season in the midst of an impressive 5-2 start. They fell apart down the stretch, going 1-8, and got smoked by the Patriots 49-21 to finish out the year. As Spiller notes, both games were decided by which team won the turnover battle.
Against the eventual Super Bowl champion Giants in Week 6, Buffalo was tied with New York in the fourth quarter, but costly interceptions by Ryan Fitzpatrick allowed the Giants to close out the win. Both interceptions were thrown off Fitzpatrick's back foot - something new quarterbacks coach David Lee is working to correct.
Buffalo faced off five times against playoff teams in 2011, going 2-3. Their biggest win was a Week 16 trouncing of the Denver Broncos on Christmas Eve. The Bills' only win in their last nine games was over a team that would advance to the Divisional playoffs with a victory over the Pittsburgh Steelers. The other match-up was a last-second loss to the Cincinnati Bengals in Week 4.
If Spiller has anything going for him, the NFL is a league where you can go from worst to first in one season. The Broncos picked second in the 2011 NFL draft and won their division. The San Francisco 49ers went 13-3 and were a few plays from the Super Bowl a year after posting a 6-10 record. It could happen.
Netflix and Marvel's “A.K.A Jessica Jones” has added three cast members for its upcoming season, Marvel announced Thursday.
Eka Darville (“The Originals”) plays Malcolm, a neighbor of Jessica's whose own journey will intertwine with her quest in a surprising way. Erin Moriarty (“The Kings of Summer”) plays Hope, a young girl who becomes a client of Alias Investigations. Wil Traval (“Red Widow”) plays an NYPD cop who takes “protect and serve” very seriously.
The trio join a cast that includes Krysten Ritter as the titular heroine; Mike Colter as Luke Cage; David Tennant as the villainous Kilgrave; Rachael Taylor as Jessica's best friend Trish; and Carrie-Anne Moss as a no-nonsense ally.
After a tragic ending to her short-lived superhero stint, Jessica Jones is rebuilding her personal life and career as a detective who gets pulled into cases involving people with extraordinary abilities in New York City.
The 13-episode series premieres on Netflix in 2015. Marvel's “Daredevil” series will make its Netflix debut on April 10.
Getty Images
Josh McCown said near the end of the regular season that he'd like to play another season in the NFL, but it won't be with the Browns after they released him this week.
While McCown's time with the Browns has been marked with injuries and losing, he said that he's “sad about leaving just because once you're there and you're part of the community you want to see that team succeed.” That success probably won't come until the Browns find themselves a franchise quarterback and McCown knows that releasing him gives them a spot to use in that pursuit.
“You need to take as many stabs at this as you can,” McCown said, via Cleveland.com. “That's why I wasn't as bummed out as I could've been when they released me. They need the roster spots to get this right and they're committed to it.”
If they fill the spot with a trade for Patriots quarterback Jimmy Garoppolo, McCown would be a fan. He said he believes Garoppolo can “carry a franchise” and has “some traits in the same mold” as Aaron Rodgers that have been boosted by years of playing with Tom Brady. He didn't go so far as to say that the Browns should give up the first overall pick, but he definitely put himself in the Garoppolo camp on his way out of Cleveland.
A while back we released Forker, a small PHP library that enables easy parallel processing. We've been using it in production for a couple of months now, so I figured it would be a good candidate for a first post.
How We Use It
Right now, we use it for network IO operations. Particularly, we use it to connect via SSH and execute commands on a bunch of machines in parallel. This has decreased the time it takes us to deploy new code to 2-3 seconds, instead of 2-3*n seconds that it took before.
Here's an example of how you can use Forker to run a command on many machines in parallel:
require "Forker.php" ; $servers = array ( 'machine1.example.com' , 'machine2.example.com' ); /** * Run a shell command on an array of servers using SSH, * returning the output and exit code. */ function runCmd ( $command , $servers ) { return Forker :: map ( $servers , function ( $index , $server ) use ( $command ) { $sshCommand = "ssh $server -c ' $command ' 2>&1" ; exec ( $sshCommand , $exitCode , $output ); return array ( 'output' => implode ( "
" , $output ), 'exitCode' => $exitCode ); }); } $results = runCmd ( "hostname" , $servers ); print_r ( $results );
This would produce something along the lines of: Array ( [0] => Array ( [output] => machine1.example.com [exitCode] => 0 ) [1] => Array ( [output] => machine2.example.com [exitCode] => 0 ) )
How It Works
fork()
Forker has three functions to provide the functionality behind its one public function. A protected method called fork() creates a connected socket stream pair, forks the current process and returns one socket to the parent, and one to child. These sockets are used for one-way communication from the child to the parent.
protected static function fork () { $results = array (); $sockets = stream_socket_pair ( STREAM_PF_UNIX , STREAM_SOCK_STREAM , STREAM_IPPROTO_IP ); $pid = pcntl_fork (); if ( $pid == - 1 ) { die ( 'Could not fork' ); } else if ( $pid ) { /* parent */ fclose ( $sockets [ 1 ]); $results = array ( 'stream' => $sockets [ 0 ], 'parent' => true ); } else { /* child */ fclose ( $sockets [ 0 ]); $results = array ( 'stream' => $sockets [ 1 ], 'parent' => false ); } return $results ; }
mapStream()
Up one more level there is the mapStream() function. This implements a typical map function over a provided array. The map function passes to the callback the array entry and a connected stream. The data written to the stream during each callback is read from the other end by the parent and returned from the original mapStream() call.
protected static function mapStream ( $things , $callback ) { $children = array (); foreach ( $things as $key => $value ) { $info = self :: fork (); if ( $info [ 'parent' ]) { $children [ $key ] = $info ; } else { $callback ( $key , $value , $info [ 'stream' ]); fclose ( $info [ 'stream' ]); exit ; } } return self :: getChildrenOutput ( $children ); }
The final public function 'map()' wraps the mapStream() function and allows the caller to just return a php object instead of writing to a stream. Returned objects are serialized and written to the stream and then deserialized before being returned in the resultant array.
public static function map ( $things , $callback ) { $outputStrings = self :: mapStream ( $things , function ( $key , $value , $stream ) use ( $callback ){ $data = $callback ( $key , $value ); fwrite ( $stream , serialize ( $data )); }); $results = array (); foreach ( $outputStrings as $key => $output ) { if ( $output === null || $output === '' ) $results [ $key ] = null ; else $results [ $key ] = unserialize ( $output ); } return $results ; }
It's an honor for me to be able to present this interview I did with Lifehacker editor Gina Trapani, one of my personal blogging heroes. Gina was one of the bloggers who inspired me to start Zen Habits, and she continues to set a standard of excellence to which I aspire to meet with each post.
Gina recently published the second edition of her Lifehacker-in-print book, Upgrade Your Life: The Lifehacker Guide to Working Smarter, Faster, Better , a book I highly recommend to anyone who hasn't been following Lifehacker religiously for the last few years (as I have). Even if you're a regular Lifehacker reader, Upgrade Your Life is a great collection of the site's best tips in an easy-to-read format.
In this interview, Gina reveals her top three productivity tips, what it was like at Lifehacker in the early days, how she wrote her book while writing and editing a massive blog, and her plans for the future. I hope you enjoy it as much as I have!
Leo: Your book is kind of a lo-fi version of Lifehacker, and I'm sure it's helping a lot of people who never read your blog before. What are you most proud of about the book, and what have people seemed to like most about it?
Gina: The book is a good introduction to Lifehacker for people who don't read blogs, and people who are less technically savvy that our daily online readers. It highlights our best material in a structured way. The reverse chronological format of a weblog is great for news, but not good for articulating a hierarchy of ideas, even with categories and tags. Each chapter of the book is dedicated to a digital productivity issue–email overload, document organization, attention management, portable work–and contains a specific solution to a problem (like keeping your inbox empty, or synchronizing files between work and home). The book encapsulates the spirit of the web site–which is this daily, ongoing conversation–in a handheld volume. Since web sites are this ephemeral thing that are hard to capture, I think readers really like having something they can throw in their backpack, flip through, reference, and show to their friends and family.
Leo: Writing a book while blogging and editing a top-ranked blog must have been a great challenge even for a productive person like yourself … tell us how you were able to firewall time for book writing.
Gina: It was a difficult challenge, probably the hardest I've ever worked in my professional career. During the heat of the process I wrote through nights and weekends, without much free time at all. I got the book-writing done by breaking it down into hour-long sprints. I used a kitchen timer and would set it for 60 minutes and write like mad, without getting up or stopping the whole time. My timer beeps once when there are 10 minutes left and twice when there are 5 minutes left, so I was able to wrap up whatever I was working on in that session. On good days I'd do 3-5 sessions like this throughout the day, on bad ones none. Over time I had a good read of how many hour-long sessions would produce a single hack, and a single chapter, so I was able to plot out my schedule in time for my editor's deadlines. I actually enjoyed blogging more during the book writing process because I can get a few posts published AND get feedback in an hour!
Leo: What was the “ah-ha!” moment for you, when you started to become more productive, to use lifehacks, to use technology as a productivity tool?
Gina: It wasn't a singular ah-ha moment for me–it happens whenever I fall off the wagon, regroup, and then see results. When I'm thinking about these things and applying them to my daily life and they work, I go, “Ah ha! See? If I always did the right thing…” Problem is, I don't follow my own advice as much as I could. :) But, whenever I get an email reminder from myself to do something I would've forgotten about had I not set it up, whenever someone says “thanks for getting back to me so quickly,” whenever I see progress on my personal projects … these are the times when I realize (again) that better habits and overall mindfulness works.
Leo: By the time I started reading Lifehacker, it was already huge. Tell us about the early days, when you had only a few hundred readers and you built it into the powerhouse it is today. How did you accomplish that feat?
Gina: The first few months of Lifehacker were a lot of fun but a lot of work. Today I've got a staff of 4 writers, a copy editor, and an intern all working together. Back then it was just me writing a dozen posts a day and reading and responding to all the email we received. It was great because I got to form personal connections with a smaller reader community. Since Lifehacker was my almost full time job from the beginning, I had most of the day to read, think, and write. The concept of life hacks was still very new, still something people were exploring in interesting ways. (Today it's become a way overused and hackneyed, and I take some blame for that!) Since Lifehacker is published under the Gawker umbrella, the power of the network really helped me grow the site's audience. That backing freed me up from worries about design, ads, traffic, or technical problems. I just got to write, and I focused my energy on producing the best content I could. That's the best thing any new blogger can do.
Leo: How do you not get into a rut? You write about the same topics every day, for at least a few years, and you manage to keep things fresh and interesting.
Gina: I try to always think about and experiment with new ideas, post spins, publishing formats, and coverage areas to stay out of a rut. Since we cover software and webapp releases and upgrades, we always have something new to write about as it relates to the “same old” productivity topics. Over the years we've expanded our coverage to DIY projects, various operating systems, and interesting platforms (like Firefox and the iPhone).
Leo: What do you see yourself doing in five years? What are your biggest dreams, now that you've achieved such success?
Gina: In five years I see myself doing the same things I am now–reading, writing, teaching in some form, and making things online. I'm not sure where or in what context exactly; I've got to leave some things to chance. My biggest dream? To be doing it smarter and better than I am now.
Leo: You've written about hundreds of productivity tips … but if you had to share the top 3 tips from your book, that you use every day and that do the most for your productivity, what would they be?
Gina: When I'm fully committed to using them, my three-folder system for managing email, my online calendar “tickler file” for reminders about stuff I need to do later, and my “doable to-do list” all save me from inevitable productivity meltdown on a daily basis.
To read more of Gina Trapani's productivity tips, visit Lifehacker or buy her book, Upgrade Your Life: The Lifehacker Guide to Working Smarter, Faster, Better.
KSP Weekly: Taking a ride to the Moon!
Welcome to KSP Weekly everyone. In 1971, the ninth manned mission of the Apollo program took place, Apollo 15. It was the fourth to land on the Moon and it was the first mission on which the Lunar Rover Vehicle was used. The mission began on July 26 and ended on August 7, but it was on this day, an hour before the burn to take the crew back home, that the last activity in lunar orbit took place: the release of the Apollo 15 Particles and Fields Subsatellite (PFS-1). The satellite was released into lunar orbit from the SIM bay. Its main objectives were to study the plasma, particle, and magnetic field environment of the Moon and map the lunar gravity field. Specifically, it measured plasma and energetic particle intensities and vector magnetic fields, and facilitated tracking of the satellite velocity to high precision. The satellite orbited the Moon and returned data from August 4, 1971 until January 1973. In later years, through a study of many lunar orbiting satellites, scientists came to discover that most low lunar orbits (LLO) are unstable. Fortunately, PFS-1 had been placed, unknown to mission planners at the time, very near to one of only four lunar frozen orbits, where a lunar satellite may remain indefinitely. The Apollo 15 mission was regarded at the time as the most successful manned flight ever achieved and it was very well documented, giving us some of the most emblematic video and photographic footage of the Apollo missions (NASA's full image archive for the mission is located here). How many of you have tried to recreate this mission on KSP, with both the LRV and PFS-1 deployments? It's certainly a challenge worth trying, but now let's move on to what you all came here for…news regarding KSP development.
The QA team is continuing with the verification testing of the final bug fixes for the upcoming 1.3.1 patch release. As part of this effort, the team has to double-check various hard-to-find strings, to ensure that they are present and correct. String testing, in case you didn't know, is the testing of a collection of units that have a logical relationship or flow from the user's perspective. As with every patch, we try to include the biggest amount of fixes we can and QA plays a crucial part identifying the issues and verifying the ones reported by the community, so that the devs can correct them.
Similarly, QA is playing a huge role on the current phase of the development of the updated version of KSP for consoles. As we've explained, we are currently putting the console builds under the most scrutinous testing we can with both the internal and external testing teams throwing everything at them. This close inspection has allowed us to detect even the smallest issues. For instance, the team recently found an interesting console bug, where going back to the Space Center will also revert a craft to the runway under some circumstances. This and any issue found is immediately and directly reported to our friends at Blitworks, who with the help and expertise from our team work to find a solution and implement it for the following builds. Additionally, at this point we can confirm that there will be partial support for the cheats menu on consoles, but not everything will work as it does on PC today. However, we will try to improve the support in future versions we release.
The development of the Making History Expansion continues and each passing week it's looking better. Although the work on its design continues, that hasn't stopped the devs to advance with the development and to continue the work on some of the features. Some of the tasks involves improving processes that help to organize ourselves. For example, this week we've spent some time on the build pipeline so we can start testing the work on asset bundles and expansion loading throughout the entire process. This involves updating the Jenkins build jobs, adding steps where necessary and sorting out the distribution endpoints as well. Jenkins is a server that helps to automate the non-human part of the development process, with continuous integration and facilitating technical aspects of continuous delivery. It's not as exciting as coding in KSP, but is sort of important if we want people to be able to play all our work.
In other respects, the devs completed the work from last week regarding the UI elements for all vessel parameters and setup for the start of a mission. They also completed hooking up the Mission Builder scene to the VAB and SPH scenes to allow the Mission Creator to switch to these scenes in order to create vessels they wish to supply as part of a mission. Also saving of vessels in the VAB and SPH during mission building persists these files to the mission folder and when the Mission Creator returns to the Mission Builder Scene directly from the VAB or SPH any craft files they have saved become immediately available for them to assign in their mission. As a Mission Creator you can provide already built vessels for a mission or allow the player to build their own within the constraints defined by the Mission Creator.
The vessel placement on celestial bodies feature got its final touches this week, too. It is now integrated with the rest of the Mission Builder and the Mission Creator will now be able to rotate vessels and edit their positional values in the different panels of the UI. So now we are able to add vessel placement and information within mission nodes. Hopefully this will all be finalized in the next week and this will bring a great deal of functionality to the Mission Builder, along with the other features that are already implemented as we are starting to see some features of the Mission Builder drawing closer to development complete. Similarly, some of the devs have been working on a new Orbit Editor, which will let Mission Creators manipulate the orbit of different objects, such as the vessel location, and make orbit comparison tests around the celestial bodies.
Apart from the tasks mentioned above, the team has been working on importing and exporting missions in nice compressed packages, as well as on a UI selection system for the Mission Builder parameters. This new system shows visual cues on the selected parameters and handles the activation and deactivation of the parameter Graphic Action Pane, for short, GAP ( if the parameters have one). The team also spent some time working on the new service module's code - yes, the one we showed you last week.
Simultaneously, on the artistic side of the development, the team finished with the modeling of the Voskhod 1- and 2-inspired IVAs and are now texturing the details. The artists have also began designing a mobile launch pad! This launch pad has to be modular to fit various diameters, and has to have a terrain leveling system. The artists are taking inspiration from the crawler-transporter with some elements from other industrial facilities and applications. More details will be released later about this mobile launch pad and how it will work.
Finally, we remind you that you still have another week to participate in our latest KSP Challenge - The Mun Arch Speed Challenge! So go check it out and share your creations!
That's it for this week. Be sure to join us on our official forums, and don't forget to follow us on Twitter and Facebook. Stay tuned for more exciting and upcoming news and development updates!
Happy launchings!
Although Mbete has previously commented on judicial "overreach", this is the first time she has directly accused "some judges" of being prejudiced against the ANC.
Mbete said she had raised similar concerns during a meeting attended by her National Council of Provinces counterpart Thandi Modise, President Jacob Zuma and Mogoeng in Cape Town at the end of 2015. The four met as leaders of the three arms of the state - parliament, the judiciary and executive.
She said "one grave matter of concern" she spoke about at the meeting was that there were "signs that there are [judges] who are so politicised in the way they do their work".
"When there is a case that affects someone from the ANC, those cases would find their way [into the courts] and if they end up in the hands of certain specific judges, forget it, you are going to lose that case. It has nothing to do with merit, correctness or wrongness. Some names pop up in the head already," she said without naming the judges or the cases concerned.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
A Northern Ireland DUP Assembly Member has told children at a school that homosexuality is “an abomination”.
Tom Buchanan, a retired school teacher, made the remarks last week during an Assembly ‘Let's Talk' event.
The discussion was held at the Westville Hotel in Enniskillen, County Fermanagh.
Mr Buchanan, a member of the Democratic Unionist Party, was asked to outline his views on homosexuality and equal marriage. He responded by saying that homosexuality “isn't right” and is “an abomination”.
The Ulster Herald reports the majority of students voiced their disapproval at the comments – although some applauded.
Reacting to Mr Buchanan's comments, retired schoolteacher and gay rights activist, Stephen Birkett, from Strabane, said: “People like this live in the dark ages. This sort of remarks to schoolchildren are stupid and annoying and obviously he (Buchanan) has no concept of what people are really like.”
Mr Buchanan belongs to the same political party as controversial Northern Ireland Health Minister Edwin Poots.
The senior DUP politician has repeatedly been in the headlines following his unsuccessful legal attempts to prevent civil partners and unmarried couples from adopting children in the province – along with maintaining the lifetime ban on gay men giving blood in Northern Ireland.
The DUP has repeatedly blocked efforts to legalise equal marriage in Northern Ireland.
"Anybody who is watching the game, you know if you're watching the game. When the ball got to the pinch post it was never. …," Jennings said, speaking in general terms. "You got Derrick Rose, who can score, who can do things. You have (Porzingis). Guys could never really find their shots or find their rhythm. So it was like, something's wrong with that. You have Derrick Rose who can get to the rim with ease and score. But even he was out there lost. That's how I looked at it. I looked at it that he didn't know what was going on. KP, he was trying to come into his second year trying to find himself, and he couldn't really find a rhythm either. So it's definitely difficult."
For the first time since the repeal of "Don't Ask, Don't Tell," the entire military will be celebrating LGBT pride month this year. But it's the second year for a pride celebration at the naval base in Millington. In fact, the Millington base was the first-ever command outside of the Pentagon to host an LGBT Pride Month event last year.
June is nationally recognized as LGBT pride month, although the official city celebration isn't held until October. But on Thursday, June 26th, Naval Support Activity (NSA) Mid-South will host their second annual "Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender Pride Month" event at 12:30 p.m. at the Helmsman Club on-base.
The keynote speaker will be retired Master Chief Petty Officer Tim R. McVeigh, the first active duty military member to succeed in judicially challenging his “Don't Ask Don't Tell” removal. The celebration will also recognize the 45th anniversary of the Stonewall Riots. Vocalists from the Navy Band Mid-South will perform.
The event will take place inside the gated installation, so it is only open to military members.
The Mexican Mafia Vs. Hollywood
2010-04-09
A leader of La Eme (pronounced em-MAY), a prison born Mexican-American gang so powerful it's often described as the Mexican Mafia, is trying to explain to a federal prosecutor why the group would target one of its own members for assassination. According to this accused murderer, the target in question was in a fight with police when he did something that, by La Eme standards, is utterly unforgivable: He cried.
La Eme places an emphasis on image and honor that may seem absurd to some, but is no laughing matter to its members. Mess with either, as some say actor-director Edward James Olmos did when he made the 1992 movie American Me, and you're looking for trouble. Shortly after American Me's release, something worse than trouble caught up with three people associated with the production: They were murdered-conceivably in retaliation, though the connection is by no means clear-cut, for the film's depiction of gang life. The perceived disrespect shown by scenes of sodomy and betrayal allegedly required La Eme to avenge its honor. Olmos himself, the director, co producer, and star of the movie, reportedly responded by applying for a concealed- weapons permit and surrounding himself with bodyguards. Olmos, some said, was targeted for death.
Within four years of the release of American Me, members of La Eme were on trial for the murders of the three individuals involved with the movie (and for four other homicides as well), creating a moment in moviemaking history where the line between life and art has become a messy blur. Utilizing the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations (RICO) statute normally reserved for organized crime cases, the federal government began presenting its case against the accused-twelve alleged La Eme kingpins and one associate-on November 19, 1996, in a trial that proceeded through a very hot summer. Charged with 29 counts of criminal activity, including six attempted murders, conspiracy to commit eight others, extortion, and narcotics distribution, the defendants include Benjamin "Tope" Peters, 54, who is considered one of La Erne's founding members; his involvement with the gang dates back to 1957. Another defendant, Daniel "Black Dan" Barela, was allegedly voted into La Eme sometime in the mid-1970s. And Ruben "Tupi" Hernandez, 35, has worked his way into the upper stratum over the past fifteen years, according to the prosecution.
The initial indictment against the thirteen defendants also named Olmos as extortion “Victim Number 1," and although that count has now been dropped, one La Eme member is quoted in court papers as calling Olmos “fair game." Neither the U.S. Attorney's office nor Olmos will say if he will take the stand against the organization he cinematically confronted, but references to American Me are present throughout the latest indictment document. When Olmos chose to do away with the typical romanticism associated with Hollywood's depiction of gangsters, celluloid and the real world crashed and burned.
The Mexican Mafia got its start as the memory of the Zoot Suit Riots still raged in the minds of Los Angeles' Latinos. On June 3, 1943, in what is widely accepted as a racially motivated event, U.S. servicemen brutally attacked Mexican-American civilians dressed in showy zoot suits (at the time an ostentatious fashion craze among nervier Latinos), initiating a riot that would last more than a week. After the violence subsided, the Los Angeles City Council proposed a law making it a misdemeanor to wear a zoot suit, further stripping the city's Chicanos of their pride.
About ten years later, fighting against their status as a minority on the streets and in prison, incarcerated Latinos made a bid for power where they had had none. As one American Me character observes, "Belonging felt good, but having respect, that feels even better." The main characters in American Me are inspired by two preeminent leaders of the prison movement that gave birth to La Eme-Rudolfo "Cheyenne" (or "Shy") Cadena and Joe "Pegleg" Morgan. Cadena educated himself while in prison, and became a fierce proponent of Chicano empowerment and cultural unity. While trying to forge peace between two waging Latino groups, he was slain by his rivals in what was "a hit that shouldn't have happened," says Floyd Mutrux, who wrote the American Me screenplay in the early '70s, shortly after Cadena's death. The La Erne leader was instantly transformed into a legend, and, Mutrux says, the mantra became "Shy's in the sky."
Morgan, who died in 1993 at the age of 64, was of Slavic descent-not Mexican at all. A youth spent in the heavily Latino neighborhoods of East Los Angeles instilled in him a Chicano identity that he expressed through a fierce command of the language, the customs, and the culture. He was also well steeped in violence-his first trip to prison came at age 16, for murdering the husband of his 32-year-old lover with a tire iron and burying the man in a shallow grave in Malibu. His final incarceration was for the murder of another man, and although he was considered the top man of the La Erne hierarchy, he succumbed to cancer before the antiracketeering trial could begin.
By the time of Morgan's death, in November of 1993, La Erne's control inside California's federal penitentiaries had reached mythic proportions. The group had become so formidable that it was able to wield its power outside the penal institutions. At the point American Me hit theaters, La Erne was allegedly levying "taxes" against the individual Latino neighborhood gangs, controlling drug trafficking, and assaulting or murdering those who disrespected its command. Ironically, La Erne also used its power to stop violence. In the early '90s, the organization ordered other gangs to stop drive-by killings and to settle differences one-to-one, or face La Erne's rage. The immediate drop in the area's murder rate was remarkable. But officials saw no altruism in the move, calling it a bid to lessen police presence so that La Erne could increase its drug-trade profits unencumbered.
Back in the 1970s, however, when Mutrux first scripted American Me, he saw Cheyenne Cadena's attempt to organize Latinos as a noble quest for honor at a time when prejudice ruled. "These kids were being treated as third-class citizens," says Mutrux, "and grew out of
that. It was all about dignity and respect. Cadena stood up for his people." Mutrux, whose credits as writer and/or director include Aloha, Bobby and Rose, American Hot Wax, and The Hollywood Knights, watched his script languish in development hell for two decades, despite the acclaim attached to it. At various points along the way, Al Pacino signed on, Lou Adler was expected to produce, and Hal Ashby became interested in directing. When Edward James Olmos got involved, Mutrux was initially pleased. But as Olmos began to rewrite, Mutrux's pleasure soon turned to anger. According to Mutrux, Olmos's revisions brought a Manichaean perspective to the script; the writer felt Olmos was ruthlessly stripping the characters of the qualities that had compelled Mutrux to chronicle them in the first place, dehumanizing rather than deglamorizing them. "It was a great story of a warrior and a visionary," Mutrux says. But Olmos didn't necessarily see it that way. He wanted to make a flat-out cautionary tale, the more harrowing the better. This meant, whether calculatedly or not, hitting La Erne in its most vulnerable place: its pride.
In fact the same Olmos inserted scenes that infuriate Mutrux also apparently angered La Erne. Early in the film, the character named Santana, a barely veiled Cadena, is sodomized at knifepoint. Many years later, when Santana is released from prison, he experiences sexual dysfunction, and in the middle of making love with his girlfriend he flips her over and begins to sodomize her. Finally, while Cadena was stabbed almost 70 times by his enemies, Santana's vicious death comes at the hands of his fellow gang members, a turn of creative license that flies in the face of La Erne's strict sense of honor. None of the scenes are part of Mutrux's original screenplay, and he accuses Olmos of trying to make a "message" movie by replacing what he considered Cadena's dignified attempts at empowerment with scenes of brutality. "Not only is it not true but it is a horrible piece of fiction to put on the leader of the Mexican Mafia," Mutrux says, still enraged at what he sees as a personal betrayal. "<American Me 1 was a love story. But Eddie fucked me, he fucked the Mafia, he fucked the studio, and he fucked himself."
TAYLOR HACKFORD-who directed Blood In Blood Out (also known as Bound by Honor), another film that originated from a Mutrux script and has similar themes-does not share the screenwriter's vehemence. But he does agree that American Me violated La Erne's number-one credo, thus creating the potential for reprisals. "Their whole system is based on respect-respeto and these people are very, very serious. If you put things on the screen, they are going to react." Hackford changed the name of La Eme to La Onda in his film at the urging of his
writer, Jimmy Santiago Baca, who had spent time in jail and was keen to avoid La Erne's wrath. Hackford explains: "First off, you have to protect the people working on your film from immediate and obvious coercion, and secondly, you must have a certain respect within your piece for this group, who live their lives a certain way . You are visiting in their lives, and this isn't a life that's make-believe. To deny that ' is to invite a response, and in American Me, well, people may have died because of that movie."
IN TRUTH, THE ACTUAL links between the three well-publicized deaths and American Me seem somewhat tenuous. Although the first murder occurred just twelve days after the opening of the film (on March 25, 1992) and victim Charles "Charlie Brown" Manriquez, 53, was carrying an American Me business card when he was shot down at the Ramona Gardens Housing Projects (where several scenes were filmed), it's said that his advisory role on the picture was minimal. One thing is certain, he was no innocent bystander, although he allegedly had once been a dominant La Eme leader, he had become an intravenous drug user and petty criminal-s-hardly the image of a La Eme warrior. The next and most prominent murder happened less than two months later. Ana Lizarraga, 49, a gang counselor who worked on film as an adviser and has a small role as - grandmother, was gunned down execution style on May 5, 1992, in her driveway, as she was packing her van to go to her mother's funeral. Employed by Community Youth Gang
Services, an agency bent on steering kids away from the gangs, she had taken a four-month leave to work on the film. Although the court documents indicting alleged La Eme members linked her involvement in American Me with her murder, prosecutors took a different tack during the early portion of the trial. Instead, they contend she was killed because she was considered a snitch. Her many years working among the gangs could easily have earned her enmity in the projects, totally separate from the film.
The final homicide remains the most remotely connected. Rocky Luna was shot to death, also at Ramona Gardens, on August 7, 1993, about a year and a half after the movie came out. His advisory capacity on American Me was nebulous, but his gang activity was notorious. Even director Hackford admits, "Maybe these deaths are unrelated. The unfortunate reality of that community is that some people will not be alive a year from now." Hackford himself had a drive-by shooting on the set of his Blood In Blood Out in which a 27-year-old caterer was seriously wounded. And Arturo Jimenez, a nineteen year- old with a bit part in American Me, was killed, again at Ramona Gardens-but this time it was a sheriff's deputy rather than a gangster who wielded the gun.
Still, the idea that La Eme retaliated with murder because of the film remains firmly lodged in the minds of many in Hollywood. One young director, Miguel Arteta (whose independent and edgy Star Maps was recently picked up for $2.5 million by Fox Searchlight), recalls hearing of the shootings while making his film in East L.A. "We were definitely intimidated when we heard, and the idea that Eddie was in jeopardy because of it made me sad. That Latinos are killing other Latinos makes me sad, and I respect Eddie for trying to tackle the subject matter." (Other requests for interviews were declined, including by Edward James Olmos, who hasn't commented on the subject since the trial started.) Hackford, on the other hand, is dubious about the wisdom of Olmos's project: "To try to convince little chavalitos may feed a certain machismo, but it is not away to go."
It is possible that Olmos, who is known for his attempts to reach youths, may have risked La Erne's wrath in order to try to deter gang involvement. His activism is a defining part of his character: He constantly visits schools, counseling at-risk teens against violence. He also promotes voter registration; organizes food relief for residents of Chiapas, Mexico; works as an ambassador to UNICEF; and more. He has even participated in the organization of a truce among warring gang factions. His films often reflect this commitment, including his Oscar-nominated performance as a math teacher in Stand and Deliver. But American Me was big-time-a $16 million opportunity for Olmos as an actor, producer, and director to try to make a difference, and interviews with him at the time of the movie's release indicate that that was his intent.
Olmos is not the first to face consequences for controversial thematic material: There are rumors that Francis Ford Coppola was threatened by the Italian Mafia because of TheGodfather, and the death threats leveled against Martin Scorsese by religious-right extremists for The Last Temptation of Christ were widely reported. One of the most famous instances, of course, is the fatwa pronounced against author Salman Rushdie. But even if La Erne's members are not guilty of murderous, movie-motivated retribution, the trial once again exposes the ugly conspiracy of powerlessness and violence that often exists in certain parts of the Latino community something Olmos had tried to address in American Me.
The Irish capital's economy is surging on predictions of a big business exodus from London, but outside the city the mood is not so buoyant
Dublin rents have smashed every record. The number of cranes on the city's skyline has doubled in just a year. Michelin-starred restaurants warn diners not to bother trying for a reservation until 2018. And at a giant new bar and restaurant complex in Temple Bar – immediately next door to U2's Clarence Hotel, emblematic of Ireland's boom years – Bono and The Edge last week partied until 6am after a sell-out gig. Is this the birth of the Celtic Tiger, mark II?
The economic turnaround has been staggering. As recently as 2012, Ireland's unemployment stood at 15.2%, wages had been slashed, property prices in Dublin had collapsed by 56% and the country's economy was on an €85bn life support loan from the EU and the IMF. Today, unemployment is down to just 6.2%, with the Bank of Ireland forecasting GDP growth of 4.8% this year, after a healthy 5.1% last year. In 2017, Ireland will be Europe's fastest-growing economy – for the fourth year in a row.
Irish taoiseach urges Northern Ireland to back staying in single market Read more
“We're back, lads,” said one tweet last week, with the hashtag #CelticPhoenix, and a picture of an advertisement for a trainee yacht broker. Meanwhile, listicles and tweets compete to highlight signs of excess: €17.25 for a vodka and a pint of lager in Dublin's Shelbourne hotel; a Thai restaurant offering to deliver a doggy treat of rice pudding with mango coulis along with its red and green curries; €2.49 for an avocado in posh supermarket Donnybrook Fair; and Aer Lingus selling day trips to New York.
At this week's Galway Races, the biggest event in the Irish horse racing calendar, corporate hospitality packages sold out faster than at any time since the Celtic Tiger years (from 1995 until the financial crisis), with record prize money on offer and spending heading back to, though not yet ahead of, the boom years.
“There is as much work as you want,” says one south Dublin electrician, who wanted to remain anonymous to avoid upsetting his clients. At the peak of the Irish construction boom in 2006 his company, which he owns jointly with his father, employed 14 other electricians. By 2012, his Dad had to let everyone go, including him.
“No one wanted electricians. But now I've got six lads working for me, and we're flat out. It's exactly like before. House prices are rising so fast that people are stripping out stuff just a few years old and chucking it in skips. But what about the next bust? We never seem to learn.”
Brexit is playing a part in an office construction boom under way across Dublin. The Irish Times keep a monthly tally of the number of cranes visible from its office – in July there were 69, more than double the 34 when the survey began in February last year.
What will be Dublin's tallest building is rising in Capital Dock, just east of a cluster of developments that already house the flagship international headquarters of Google, Facebook and Airbnb. Banker JP Morgan will be taking much of the new space in Capital Dock, doubling its head count in the capital.
People really want the Celtic Tiger to come back. They want their stuff back Paul Howard, journalist
But economist David McWilliams points out that commercial rents in Dublin, at €673 per square metre, are now 42% higher than in Frankfurt – and that Irish property investors must be praying for not just a hard Brexit, but a granite one. “If Brexit doesn't drive a massive uptake in demand, we are in for a massive wobble in our inflated commercial property market,” he wrote online last week.
Ireland's traditional escape valve in tough times – mass emigration – reappeared with a vengeance after the crash. But many Irish people are now returning: official figures show that after seven years of net emigration, the tide turned in 2016.
Eoghan O'Donnell from Galway graduated in 2010 to the worst jobs market for decades. In such times, the Irish used to head to Boston and New York, but the new “generation emigration” headed for Melbourne, Sydney and Perth.
Last November, after four years in Melbourne, Eoghan and his fiancee, Sarah, returned to Ireland. “We have only seen positives since arriving back on native soil,” he says. “The grey cloud has lifted, despite what some of the naysayers believe. Over the past few years we went from seeing businesses close to seeing new businesses open. There is a sense of hope and positivity in the country.”
His one gripe – shared by nearly all Dubliners – is the high rents demanded by landlords: “Rents in Dublin are the same as in Melbourne, but the pay is not nearly as high.”
Average monthly rent in Dublin is around £1,450, comfortably higher than London's £1,277 average.
Dublin's acute homelessness problem rose to national prominence last December when the Home Sweet Home campaign took over a disused office block in the city centre – along with a host of Irish celebrities including singers Glen Hansard and Hozier and film-maker Jim Sheridan. They later formed a human shield to block a high court-ordered eviction.
In 1998, journalist Paul Howard created the wealthy rugby jock Ross O'Carroll-Kelly, with a satirical column in the Irish Times and books including the pre-crash Guide to (South) Dublin: How to get by on, like, €10,000 a day, and the post-crash Downturn Abbey.
Howard is sceptical about the phoenix economy: “I started off lampooning rugby, but turned it into a weekly social commentary to vent my spleen about the new Ireland, which I found very vulgar.
“The boom was the first real prosperity we ever had. But it wasn't real; it was based on people selling houses to each other. I still meet taxi drivers today who bought three houses in the boom. They are still living in financial limbo.
“My dad was a factory worker. Lots of his friends started buying multiple properties. Every town in Ireland has probably 20 local people with serious levels of debt they will never get out of after buying in 2006/07 at the top of the market. They were buying plots of land outside Dublin that were suddenly worthless after the crash. But we still believe in all the things we believed in 10-15 years ago ... I have a sense that people really want the Celtic Tiger to come back. They want their stuff back.
“I remember, during the Celtic Tiger, the bane of my life was going into a bank to pay the electricity bill. You just couldn't get in and out without a sales spiel from some 24-year-old: ‘I see you have savings. What are your financial plans?' I'd say that my plan was for him to put it in the safe and have it there for when I want to come and get it. But he would say ‘the money's not working for you'. Unfortunately, we still believe in that nonsense.”
Drive 120 miles north-west from Dublin and you swap the capital's boom for rural bust in Ballaghaderreen, County Roscommon. In landlocked counties such as this and neighbouring Longford, residents scoff at suggestions of a new Celtic Tiger.
Hardware shop owner and local councillor Michael Mulligan says: “Nothing has changed in the past five or six years. Ballaghaderreen is a fine town and I'm proud of it, but the unemployment is chronic. My takings are still 50% down from the boom years, and I've had to let people go.
“There are around 150 vacant houses and 30-40 big industrial units lying empty. We're like a thorn in the side of the success that the Dublin government talks about. If you look around for young people here, they've nearly all gone, to Dublin, London or Australia. It's hard even to put together a football team.”
Ballaghaderreen has the lowest property prices in Ireland, with the average house valued at €58,000, compared with €548,000 in South County Dublin.
The economic gloom in rural Ireland is widely attributed to governing party Fine Gael's general election failure in 2016. Taoiseach Enda Kenny campaigned around the slogan “Let's keep the recovery going”, but many voters responded, “What recovery?”
Economists insist, however, that the Irish recovery is now broader and deeper than just Dublin. Loretta O'Sullivan at Bank of Ireland says jobs growth is the key indicator. Ireland is creating about 1,000 new jobs a week, three-quarters of them outside the capital. “The important distinction between now and the Tiger period,” she says, “is this is not a credit-fuelled boom. Credit growth in Ireland is still quite muted. What we are seeing is job gains, plus some income growth and low inflation.”
If car dealerships have their way, New York could become the fourth state to effectively ban Tesla's direct sales model.
The president of the Greater New York Automobile Dealers Association told the New York Post last week that he feels confident the Empire State can follow New Jersey in blocking Tesla's business model, which cuts out dealers and sells cars directly to consumers.
Related: Tesla Stock Races Ahead on Visions of Electric Future
The New Jersey Motor Vehicle Commission voted to block Tesla's sales model last Tuesday, drawing the ire of the electric carmaker's many fans. Tesla founder Elon Musk also lashed out at the decision, vowing to pursue legal remedies to fight the ban.
New Jersey's car dealership organization aggressively lobbied against Tesla's approach. Representatives of New York state's dealership lobby met with Gov. Andrew Cuomo last year to pitch a direct sales ban, according to Capital NY.
Doug Wells, owner of the Mercedes-Benz of Brooklyn dealership, told CNBC on Monday that the dealership model works better for consumers than Tesla's direct sales platform. It also provides a network that helps entrepreneurs grow their businesses.
"The dealer model works for consumers," Wells said on "Squawk on the Street." "One, it gives them a place to service their car. If they're traveling and their car breaks down they can go to another local dealer that's the same franchise."
Related: The Coolest Green Cars at the 2014 Detroit Auto Show
Traditional franchised dealers sell cars on behalf of automakers, but electric automaker Tesla wants to upend that system. Dealership organizations in Texas and Arizona have successfully fought Tesla's direct sales model, and other states have limited Tesla's approach.
Dealers say the franchise model increases accountability and competition, which lowers prices. But critics say dealers have created an effective monopoly on car sales.
This article originally appeared in CNBC.
Read more from CNBC:
There is a lot to like about the Galaxy Note 8, but one part of it has already won an award of sorts. DisplayMate, producers of what's recognized as the best suite of tools for display diagnostics and calibration, has given the Note 8's display their first ever A+ rating, calling it "the most innovative and high-performance smartphone display that we have every lab tested."
That is some very high praise from a company that knows everything there is to know about displays. We're used to hearing that Samsung makes some of the best, if not the best displays available, and it's not surprising that the Note 8 carries the company's latest advancements when it comes to making them. What we weren't prepared for was hearing so many things the Note 8's screen does better than anything we have seen before. The Note 8 matches or sets performance records for a list of features.
Largest Native Color Gamut with a score of 112% for the DCI-P3 color space and 141% for the sRGB / Rec.709 color space
with a score of 112% for the DCI-P3 color space and 141% for the sRGB / Rec.709 color space Highest Peak Display Brightness at 1,240 nits
at 1,240 nits The Highest Contrast Rating in Ambient Light with a score of 270
with a score of 270 Highest Screen Resolution: 3K (2960x1440, 521 ppi)
3K (2960x1440, 521 ppi) The Highest Contrast Ratio: Infinite
Infinite Lowest Screen Reflectance of just 4.6%
of just 4.6% The Smallest Brightness Variation with Viewing Angle at 29%
Overall, the Note 8 scored "very good" or "excellent" in every testing category except for the Brightness Variation with Average Picture Level section, which OLED displays are unable to accurately process using the current technology.
I can't understand Marvel's publishing schedule at all sometimes. The Age of X Alpha one-shot that started this crossover shipped on January 26th and nearly a full month passed before we saw Chapters 1 and 2 last week with both shipping on February 23rd. After all the hype surrounding this event with weekly Historical Logs included in books shipping in December and writer Mike Carey providing additional backstory online leading up to the release of Alpha, it's followed by a month of nothing and a week of double shipping. It felt like a huge loss of momentum, but the books may have been good enough to overcome the wait.
Spoilers to follow.
Carey does a fantastic job establishing the situation the mutants find themselves in Chapter 1 and makes the Alpha issue feel a bit unnecessary. He does a far better job here by throwing the reader headlong into a world that has recognizable characters but everything seems wrong about their circumstance. There's a real sense of mystery as even the characters living in this world begin to see that something is amiss.
Clay Mann's interior art is superb and captures some amazing energy on the battlefield along with some dramatic moments. Basilisk jumps right off the page early on and Rogue (known alternatively as Legacy and Reaper in this world) is the focus of some particularly striking panels. Her torment as the “Reaper” rushing to the front lines to absorb the powers of the dying before they're lost is palpable and her interaction with the mysterious “X” is truly intriguing.
The issue sports a cover by Lenil Yu that features a huge cast of players seen within. It's been floating around the internet for months, but it still looked great on the shelf. I'm glad to see that Yu has been tapped to provide covers for X-Men Legacy throughout Age of X.
I still don't understand why the build up to this series rolled out the way it did, but I really enjoyed this book. The first read through was rough, but I think that was more my exhaustion than any fault of the comic itself. There was an upside to not having to wait long for more intrigue and mystery as Chapter 2 (New Mutants #22) was right there in my hands the same day, but I'm concerned about how long the wait for Chapter 3 might be (it's currently scheduled for March 9th). Making things even more ridiculous, Marvel released a teaser for the May issue of X-Men Legacy last week and while it looks really interesting, it makes it seem like Age of X is an afterthought. I know they need to promote their product, but it's hard not to feel like this crossover is suddenly passé when it's really just beginning.
Read more about this series at our Age of X hub.
Keep up with all of our Age of X reviews:
Age of X: Alpha #1 / Age of X: Chapter 2
Distract others: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Google
Pinterest
There are several individual parts operating behind the scenes to create the music you love.
The most familiar pieces of the music recording process are the producer(s), an emcee, and the emcee's posse. But, the secret component to the process is the ghostwriter.
An artist's greatest fear is to be washed up and played out. Vibing with other artists is necessary to keep them afloat. One vibe session can create a snowballing effect that results in truly great art.
Think about it for a second. If you already found your sound, had hit records you wrote yourself, wouldn't you want to hire someone that has bars to help your sound stay fresh? The ghostwriter serves as an inspiration to develop your sound in ways you would never have thought.
Did Michelangelo paint the Sistine Chapel by himself? No, he didn't. He had several assistants help make one of the greatest masterpieces in human history. So, just look at a ghostwriter in that fashion.
The best is when a ghostwriter has a particular sound that's hot. Out of that heat a musical flower might sprout looking to break through the sod and join the other stars above the topsoil. An artist can help someone discover a new sound or a new perspective.
That artist is LA songwriter/rapper Gizzle. She's ridiculously talented and helped write songs with the likes of Kanye West, Ty Dolla $ign, Travis Scott, G-Eazy, and Nicki Minaj.
She now wants to break out into her own lane. Kulture Hub linked up with Gizzle in a phone interview to tap into her musical wisdom and the transition she's making into her own artistry.
Peep this playlist featuring songs Gizzle help write:
You might not know it, but Gizzle has been in the game for some time now – over 10 years. She aspired to become the “best rapper ever” since the age of 12. Now at 28, she's finally getting the platform she deserves.
The possibility of becoming a star didn't cross her mind until labels caught wind of her while she was still in high school at the age of 16. Little did she know she would step into the lane of a songwriter.
It was her manager, Cudda Love that gave Gizzle the opportunity to possibly obtain the limelight from behind the curtain. This was meant to be her path and avidly reading up on the “game” kept Gizzle on her toes from becoming a record deal horror story.
Under her grandfather's tutelage, she discovered a newfound understanding of what she wanted to accomplish. Her grandfather realized how great she was going to be and made her study the game. Gizzle learned to look at the game from the perspective of a student, she spoke of her grandfather's prudence,
“It's kept me from signing a record deal thus far (laughs). I think, my grandfather pushing my uncle and me to really study the industry before we dived in was really important. I think that's how you should approach anything that you want to learn, be good at, or successful in. You should always approach it as a student first…”
Gizzle continued,
“I kind of apply that to every area of my life when I want to try something new. There are a lot of people that are experts in each industry for a reason. They laid a lot of the blueprint down for you. If you don't take advantage of the knowledge that's available you are really doing a disservice to yourself.”
Her studious attitude kept industry wolves at bay. Yeah, Gizzle knows what's good. She knows what to look for, she understands the logic of the music deal, and no one will ever pull the wool over her eyes.
She's definitely a seasoned artist for someone still so young. Gizzle mentioned a book which she is currently reading for the second time, All You Need to Know About the Music Business. She stressed that having a basic knowledge of the industry “makes a world of a difference.”
“All the horror stories of people signing bad deals. You would think those things don't happen anymore, but they still do and the books are still around.”
Gizzle has always been infatuated with words and idioms. Growing up, she wrote poetry to express herself.
At around eight years old, while her father was in and out of jail, Gizzle would respond to her father's seven-page letters.
Back then she didn't realize it, but now she grasps how writing poetry and penning letters aided her in finding her voice and expressing herself creatively.
The support of her family and teachers confirmed her talent and as a kid she knew what she would be doing for the rest of her life.
“I've always had the support of whatever English teacher and all of my creative writing teachers. I've had some really, really, really good teachers who wouldn't mind if I turned in a homework with raps on it or if I wasn't paying attention because I was writing raps in class. I think that was confirmation along the way. It was with that and the support of my family I never second-guessed what I would do with my life once I decided.”
Time has allowed Gizzle to evolve into a very special artist. Although she's from LA, her flow sounds so NY. Her music presents itself as raw, raspy, urban, and real.
Watch her lyrically flex in “Melanin”
All kinds of rapper's flows have influenced her style. Jay-Z is her all-time favorite rapper. The LOX, Lil Wayne, and the east coast battle rapping era laid the framework of her genius. Gizzle “wanted to rap and learn the phonetics of rap and the different styles of lyricism.”
Missy Elliot's attitude towards creativity, production, and songwriting helped her understand what it means to think outside of the box. Along with Elliot, Timbaland and Teddy Riley inspired Gizzle's push for individuality.
Her godfather Teddy Riley helped Gizzle put her first demo together and is responsible for getting her in the industry.
The industry has done her a great favor. Opportunity presented its way through other artists. The knowledge Gizzle has gained from songwriting and collaborations is incredible.
Working with P. Diddy definitely had an impact on her music. She spoke on being in the same room with Puff, who she considers a big brother and mentor,
“Anytime you have a chance to just be in the room with Puff it's a blessing. You are going to take away something, you're going to leave more motivated with more belief in yourself…”
Gizzle continued,
“He doesn't stop at good enough, always encouraging you to set the bar a little bit higher, to be a little bit better than before. He's a little bit of a perfectionist. He has a lot of pride in what he does. Whatever he believes in he's going to go hard for. It could be a project he's working on, a company he's working with, an artist he signed, his friends, his family. That's what I'll always take away from Puff – dedication, determination, and belief.”
Along with big brother Puff, is Ty Dolla $ign is another of Gizzle's favorite collaborators. Gizzle loves working with the Taylor Gang artist. Every time they get in the studio issa vibe. Together they were able to knock out Dolla $ign's part on Kanye West's “Real Friends” in 20 minutes.
Vic Mensa is another rapper, Gizzle respects and loves to work with as well. She admires “the dedication to his craft.”
Gizzle has taken what she has learned from working with other artists and applied it to her own career. She's stepping out of the shadows and into the limelight with an ingenious set of concept records. Her first solo music projects will be EPs made over the course of a week in different cities.
Each city she records in, Gizzle has a special connection to. Projects to come will be recorded in Atlanta, Philly, LA, and Denver. Atlanta to her is an epic hub for up and coming artists and it's like a second crib to Gizzle.
She has had a deep love for Philly from when she was a child. LA is her hometown and Denver has a cultural art scene that took her breath away.
7 Days in Atlanta is the first of the four.
Although the series of EPs are for the fans, Gizzle looks at them in as “a way to stay creative and expansive.” She wants to immerse herself in the culture traveling, meeting people, and building a relationship with each city she visits.
Next year she plans on taking the 7-day projects worldwide. Mind you this is all while she readies her debut album.
Gizzle's work ethic and dedication to her craft are truly unique. Her wisdom is one of a kind as she learns from others and studies her career has nowhere to go but up.
Before we ended our conversation she left a message for the all the youth dem,
“Save your money, work on your craft, do it every day, and be fearless. Be as fearless as you can be. The older you get in life you'll start to perceive these obstacles that don't exist and that might take some of your momentum. But stay focused on your goal. Once you decide what you want to do, just be steadfast in that. Anything you work on every day, you cannot get worse at, you will always get better. Opportunity comes when you work hard, are talented, and prepared. Just be prepared for whatever opportunity that will come.”
Stay fearless and focused and you can accomplish whatever it is you set out to achieve, word to Gizzle.
The Knox Boot embodies that perfect balance of casual and sophisticated that makes it the only casual boot you'll ever need. It's built on our 115 last, same as our dress shoes, so it has a sleek silhouette that keeps it out of the work-boot realm. This last fits tru-to-size and with multiple widths available there's definitely a size to fit just about anyone.The Lactae Hevea Cricket soles are crafted with a storm welt to give it just the right amount of ruggedness and comfort.
There are two options for upper leather. First up is the famous Horween Chromexcel leather. What can we say about Chromexcel that hasn't already been said? It's highly water-resistant, low maintenance, incredibly durable, oh and did we mention it's strikingly handsome? Option number two, for the man who wants something a little different; Cumberland suede. Cumberland is a full-grain suede made right here in Maine by Tasman Leather. It's waterproof and comes in three handsome colors that will pair well with jeans or chinos. For those that may need a refresher on full-grain suede, it's often called a "reverse" or "flesh-out" or we've even heard it called "rough-out", all this means is the hide is tanned with the grain intact, and the tannery finishes the leather on the flesh side of the hide rather than the grain side. Full-grain suede is the toughest and highest quality leather suede money can buy. The Knox boot comes fully-lined with tan cowhide lining, adding further to the durability of this boot. We've engineered every detail of the Knox boot to last a lifetime.
Blake Welt Stitch Construction. Made in Maine, USA.
Made to order - each pair will be made especially for your in three to four weeks.
Billionaire Gina Rinehart's Hancock Prospecting is facing fines totalling more than $178,000 after the company allegedly failed to lodge annual reports.
The crown alleges that Hancock Prospecting and two related companies, Hancock Minerals and Hope Downs Iron Ore, failed to lodge annual financial reports within the mandated four-month period between 2008 and 2012.
Gina Rinehart's companies face 13 counts related to breaches of corporations law. Credit:Bohdan Warchomij
The companies face 13 counts related to breaches of corporations law.
Each offence carries a maximum penalty of $13,750, or a total of $178,750.
The matter has been adjourned to Perth Magistrates Court for mention on May 14.
Mrs Rinehart, Australia's richest person, recently secured an $8 billion debt funding package to complete her Roy Hill iron mine, rail and port project.
AAP
Paul McMahan Set To Hit The Road With Destiny Motorsports in 2016
PETERSEN MEDIA: After completing their first full season on the World of Outlaws trail, Destiny Motorsports is pleased to announce that Paul McMahan has been hired to pilot their car with the ‘Greatest Show on Dirt' in 2016.
“I am extremely excited for the 2016 season already,” Paul McMahan said. “I can't wait to get home see my family, and then get to the shop and start preparing with the team for the Winter Heat Showdown and the World of Outlaws Tour.”
Monday morning, David Gravel announced he would be leaving the team, and the door opened for the California native turned Nashville, TN resident to take over the driving duties for Destiny Motorsports.
“First off this entire team wishes David Gravel the best of luck in his future endeavors, and we thank him for his services,” Destiny Motorsports owner, Rick Rogers said. “Moving forward, we are eager to get going with Paul McMahan in our car. He is a stand up guy off the track, and performance on the track certainly speaks volumes.”
Over the last three seasons McMahan has been strong with the World of Outlaws. In a three-year span, McMahan has run third in the World of Outlaws point standings on two occasions, and has the third most wins in that stretch sitting only behind Daryn Pittman and Donny Schatz.
Over the course of his career, McMahan has racked up 26 career World of Outlaws feature event wins, a stat that has Destiny Motorsports Crew-Chief, Scott Benic excited about the future.
“Paul McMahan is a veteran World of Outlaws driver that we are lucky to have,” Benic said. “We were able to show speed at times throughout the 2015 season, and having McMahan climb in out car, I feel confident we will be contending for wins in 2016.”
With the 2015 season wrapping up this past Sunday, preparations are already well underway for the Destiny Motorsports team to hit the track in Yuma, AZ for the 2nd Annual Winter Heat Showdown taking place in early January.
“This seems like it is going to be a great fit for my family, and I,” McMahan added. “Rick and Barb Rogers are great people, and I am really looking forward to working with Scott Benic again after some experience with him back in 1997.”
Destiny Motorsports would like to thank MonDak Portables, Ft. Union Supply and Trading, Benic Enterprises, Rick Rogers Construction, Maxim Chassis, Boss Signs and Graphics, Rod End Supply, Driver Websites, Petersen Media, GME Manufacturing, ButlerBuilt, Simpson Race Products, Parker Engines, Keizer Wheels, DMI, Red Devil Brakes, Champion Oil, All Pro Cylinder Heads, Astro Titanium, and Hoosier Tire for their support in 2015.
ON TAP: The season has come to a close.
STAY CONNECTED: Stay updated with Destiny Motorsports by connecting via social media, www.facebook.com/destinymotorsports, and on Twitter, @DestinyMS7. You can also check us out on the web at www.destinymotorsportsinc.com. To stay up to speed with Paul, you can follow him on Twitter @PaulMcMahan.
PETERSEN MEDIA: Petersen Media is a promotional agency that can handle your public relations, marketing, and any other promotional needs. Petersen Media utilizes multiple tactics to help you reach your intended audience, and boost awareness.
For more information contact sales@petersenmediainc.com, by phone at 916-342-3424, visit www.petersenmediainc.com, www.facebook.com/PetersenMedia, or follow www.twitter.com/petersen_media.
Mike Trout isn't going to win the AL MVP this year either. The Angels are 67-76 and haven't been in the playoff race for months, and while it's an individual award, it almost always goes to a player on a playoff team. The argument essentially goes something like this:
It's not the best player award, it's the most VALUABLE player award. And the (insert bad team here) would have finished out of the playoffs without him too. Those numbers he put up didn't actually lead to a winning season, so he can't be as valuable as (insert other good player on a playoff team), who helped carry his team to the postseason.
Essentially, this argument suggests that there is little or no value to be gained from wins that do not result in postseason berth, or at least playoff contention. The Angels would be the Marlins without Mike Trout, but when discussing MVPs, both teams are just seen as equally lousy, and there is little credit given for the separation created between bad teams. Losing is losing, and it doesn't really matter what you do if your team doesn't win.
Here's my question, though: when using these criteria to determine the MVP, why is this point only valid at the seasonal level? If performance in a losing season has no value, then surely that same theory holds at the game level, right? If a player has a huge game but his team loses, well, they would have lost even if he hadn't played. At the end of the day, his performance did not change the standings one bit. He might have played well individually, but the value of those contributions was negligible because his team lost.
Carried to its logical conclusion, this theory suggests that MVP candidates should only be considered based on their performance in the games that their teams won. After all, performance in losses didn't affect their teams overall result, and those hits and runs all turned out to meaningless in the end, so, why would we consider the stats piled up in a losing effort?
Thankfully, Baseball-Reference has this split available in their play index, so we can look at the leaderboard of performances in team wins. Since it's B-R, we'll sort by OPS+, so just remember to adjust high OBP guys up a bit and low OBP guys down a bit, since OPS overrates SLG in relation to OBP. Here's the list of the best AL hitters in winning efforts:
While Cabrera is trouncing Chris Davis in overall offensive numbers, their numbers in games that resulted in a win are actually very close. Davis has played in three more O's wins than Cabrera has Tigers wins, and while he has six fewer hits, his distribution of hits have skewed far more towards the impactful side, as he has 11 more doubles and six more home runs. He's slugging .779 in games the Orioles have won, compared to .735 for Cabrera in Tigers wins. Once you factor in Cabrera's advantages in singles and walks, he still comes out as the better hitter, but it's really close, at least in terms of hitting.
If you wanted to do a complete comparison, you'd also want to include defense and baserunning, and Davis probably comes out slightly ahead in both of those. At the very least, the relative performances of Davis and Cabrera in their own team wins would make it a coin flip between the two, since performance in a team's losses don't matter, and that's where the real gap between them comes in. In losses, Cabrera has a .985 OPS, while Davis is just at .816, but since the argument is that there is no value in production that does not result in a win, those numbers should theoretically all be ignored.
As you can probably imagine, I don't really buy into this line of thinking. I think wins and losses are measures of a team's overall performance, and the MVP award is a measure of individual value. I do not think that we should give a player MVP credit for the performance of his teammates, which is something he has no control over. And I do not think that performance in losses is worthless, nor do I think that a player on a losing team had minimal value.
But a lot of people believe that argument. Most of the people who have MVP votes believe that argument. That argument is going to be the reason Miguel Cabrera runs away with his second straight MVP award, and Mike Trout probably won't even finish in the top two. But, I would challenge people who believe that performance in a losing season does not matter to also not consider performance in losing games. If you can't be valuable on a losing team over 162 games, how can you be valuable on a losing team in a single game? Let's be consistent. Either performance in wins is the only thing that matters, or overall individual performance matters. Pick one and run with it.
Malware
Flashback Trojan Spreading; Mac Users Should Be Wary of Flash Installers Posted on September 28th, 2011 by Peter James
Following our recent security memo about the Mac Flashback Trojan horse, Intego has seen an increase in the number of Mac users infected by this malware. After publicizing this threat, many users have posted both in the comments on this blog, and on other blogs and forums about having either seen this malware download, or actually installing it.
If you end up on a site that is serving this malware, you will see something similar to this:
The first things you see are the crashed plugin graphic and the purported error messages. After this, the fake Adobe Flash installer screen pops up, and then the Flashback Trojan horse installation package downloads. At this point, if you have the default Safari settings - which allow "safe" downloads to open automatically - you will see an Installer window open.
This is effective social engineering. Savvy Mac users will not be fooled, because they know that a Flash installer would never appear in this manner, but two things make this approach believable. First, Flash Player is not installed on Mac OS X Lion, so users will need to install it themselves if they want to view Flash content on the web. Second, if they do have Flash Player installed, and have set the Flash Player preference pane (in System Preferences) to automatically check for updates, they may think that this is an update alert. (We have never had any such alerts, in spite of having checked that setting.) So this can easily fool many Mac users into downloading the malware.
For these reasons, Intego is raising the risk level of this malware to medium.
If you see a web page similar to that shown above, do not run any installer, and if the Installer window does not open, check your Downloads folder for any package file that contains the name Flash, then delete it. Only download Flash Player installers from the Adobe web site.
Note: if anyone who has been infected by this Trojan horse knows the URL at which they got it, or has a sample, please send an e-mail (with sample attached, and zipped, if possible) to sample@virusbarrier.com. Thanks.
This entry was posted in Malware and tagged Flashback, malware. Bookmark the permalink.
Rapper also reveals new tracklisting for the album, which is to be premiered tonight in New York
Kanye West has revealed the latest title for his new album – and this one might just stick, given that the album is set to receive its world premiere on Thursday night at Madison Square Garden in New York, before being released to the world.
On Wednesday night, West tweeted what he described as the “final track list for The Life of Pablo”. It comprises 10 tracks:
Ultra Light Beams Father Stretch My Hands Pt 1 and Pt 2 Freestyle 4 Famous High Lights Feed Back Fade FML Real Friends Wolves
The album has previously been called So Help Me God, Swish and Waves (see what we said about that in January), the last of those titles provoking a Twitter beef with Wiz Khalifa. When the album was still called Swish, West had shared a proposed tracklist, from which only Father Stretch My Hands, High Lights, Fade, FML, Real Friends and Wolves remain. Removed from that tracklisting is No More Parties in LA, the track featuring Kendrick Lamar that West released via Soundcloud in January.
KANYE WEST (@kanyewest) Final track list for The Life Of Pablo pic.twitter.com/PMH94MAAeJ
One person, at least, was grateful for the change to the album tracklisting. Travis Scott tweeted in response to West his thanks for “putting feed back back on the album”, implying that he appears on the track.
TRAVIS SCOTT (@trvisXX) @kanyewest thank u for putting feed back back on the album. !!!!!!!!!!!!!
The Pablo of the album's title may be Pablo Picasso. On No More Parties in LA, West made what seemed to be a reference to the painter, rapping: “ “I feel like Pablo when I'm workin' on my shoes / I feel like Pablo when I see me on the news / I feel like Pablo when I'm workin' on my house.” Speaking at Oxford University in 2015, West compared himself to Picasso, saying: “My goal, if I was going to do art, fine art, would have been to become Picasso or greater.”
Thursday night's event is more than an album launch. It also doubles as the launch of West's latest fashion range, Yeezy Season 3, and will feature a performance by the artist Vanessa Beecroft. The event is being streamed live to cinemas around the world.
To make the most out of your pumpkin, you really have to try these waffles. If you don't have a waffle maker, you can use the mixture to make delicious low-carb pancakes!
Adding pumpkin purée to baked goods makes them moist and soft, while keeping them low in carbs.
Coconut oil, which is one of my favourite ingredients, makes the waffles moist, adds flavour, has many health benefits and helps with weight loss.
0 hours, 5 minutes
Hands-on 10 minutes Overall 15 minutes
Nutritional values (per serving, 2 waffles)
4.5 grams 4.1 grams 18.2 grams 26.1 grams 18.4 grams 337 calories
Total Carbs 8.6 grams Fiber 4.1 grams Net Carbs 4.5 grams Protein 18.2 grams Fat 26.1 grams of which Saturated 18.4 grams Calories 337 kcal Potassium 202 mg
Macronutrient ratio: Calories from carbs (5.6%), protein (22.4%), fat (72.1%)
Ingredients (makes 2 servings, 4 waffles)
Notes: If you use the optional ingredient listed above, don't forget to add extra carbs (~ 2 grams).
When looking for ingredients, try to get them in their most natural form (organic, without unnecessary additives).
A fun way to learn about healthy low-carb eating! Take the Keto Diet Quiz
Print Recipe Download Recipe
Instructions
Crack the eggs into a bowl and whisk them with melted coconut oil, Erythritol and Stevia.
Note: To melt the coconut oil, microwave for about 10 seconds. Make sure the oil is not hot when you add it to the bowl with eggs!
Add the pumpkin purée and process until smooth. Pour in the cream (or coconut milk) and mix well. Add protein powder, coconut flour, baking soda and the gingerbread spice mix.
Note: Instead of ready-made (sugar-free) spice mix, you can use a mixture of cinnamon, nutmeg, ginger, allspice and cloves. Preheat the waffle maker, typically, in the closed position. Do not pour the batter in until it's heated according to the manufacturer's instructions. Close the waffle maker and cook for a minute or two. Time depends on the waffle maker. When done, place on a serving plate and enjoy! :-)
Optional: Top the waffles with crème fraîche, sour cream, full-fat plain yogurt or coconut cream! You can find how to make amazing dairy-free whipped coconut cream on Vanessa's website, the founder of HealthyLivingHowTo.
Do you like this recipe? Share it with your friends! Pinterest Reddit
Martina Slajerova Creator of KetoDietApp.com I changed the way I ate in 2011, when I was diagnosed with Hashimoto's, an autoimmune disease that affects the thyroid. I had no energy, and I found it more and more difficult to maintain a healthy weight. That's when I decided to quit sugar, grains, and processed foods, and to start following a whole-foods-based ketogenic approach to food. More posts by Martina Slajerova
'It's the biggest movie Marvel has made...'
It's not all X-Men: Days Of Future Past in the new issue of Empire. Everything from Nymphomaniac to Need For Speed is in there, and to add to the mix, here are a few words from James Gunn on something the Monty Python boys would no doubt call "completely different": Guardians Of The Galaxy.
Aside from a Comic-Con preview, the film remains very firmly under wraps - Empire's take on the footage: very funny, very slick and very encouraging - and Marvel fans have had to make do with concept art. Here, director Gunn (who previously brought us Slither and Super), tells Empire a little bit more about what to expect from Marvel's biggest roll of the dice yet.
"Visually, [it's] the biggest movie Marvel has made, because of the big, big starscapes and big action sequences," he says, adding: "Our characters are basically all villains to begin with. If The Avengers are The Beatles, the Guardians are The Rolling Stones."
Comparing your film to The Avengers... that makes sense. Comparing your film to The Rolling Stones? That's taking the Mick - though that's half the point when it comes to this particular group of suspect spacefarers.
"There's a lot of strange stuff in the movie. But I think the thing that makes it different from the rest of the other superhero movies out there is that they try and take something seriously that really can't be taken seriously because the concept is just too fun at its core."
If you're not already up to speed, here's why there's so much fun going on: Guardians finds Chris Pratt as Peter Quill (AKA Star Lord), a wise-cracking human pilot who gets tangled up with a group of renegades and mercenaries who eventually bond together as a mismatched team featuring a talking raccoon with a taste for explosive weaponry (Bradley Cooper) and a tree-being whose entire vocabulary is "I am Groot" (Vin Diesel).
Other cast members include Zoe Saldana, Lee Pace, Benicio del Toro, John C. Reilly, Glenn Close, Dave Bautista, Karen Gillan, Djimon Hounsou and Ophelia Lovibond. The world will see how the Galaxy will be guarded come August 1 this year.
San Francisco Supervisor John Avalos, the leading advocate for expanding San Francisco's sanctuary city policies, attacked Donald Trump in explaining his newest resolution to a Board of Supervisors meeting last Tuesday.
Last year, San Francisco's sanctuary city policy, which effectively protects criminals from deportation by barring local cooperation with federal immigration enforcement, was the focus of negative press nationwide after a young woman, Kate Steinle, was shot by an illegal immigrant who had previously been deported five times and convicted seven times.
Supervisor Avalos used a speech on Tuesday to argue that San Francisco's sanctuary city policy should actually be expanded to make it even more difficult for local law enforcement to notify Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) officials when they have detained an illegal alien.
Avalos paid lip service to Steinle's death, and then immediately pivoted to attack presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump and attempt to spread the blame.
Avalos said:
That was a very tragic incident. Ms. Steinle was a very sympathetic person to a lot of people, and that led to people having a very passionate interest in whoever was responsible being held accountable. Except the level of responsibility seemed to be spread across many, many people, such as what can happen when an event gets very, very politicized. At the presidential level, where people are running for President of the United States, we saw Donald Trump, who is putting forward a campaign based on hatred and xenophobia and anti-immigrant hysteria, that that had an impact on undermining what we had put forward as the standards of our sanctuary city policy.
Avalos tried to shift blame for Steinle's death to everything except the illegal alien felon who shot her, and the policy that drew him to, and kept him in, San Francisco.
Avalos blamed the police, too, for the gun used in the murder:
Immediately after the tragic death of Kate Steinle, people were questioning why we had a sanctuary city policy and were blaming our sanctuary city policy for her death, even though there were other factors that contributed to that, including how a law enforcement officer's gun got onto the pier, where it appears to be accidentally shot off by an immigrant man, who is blamed as well for her death.
The attacks on Trump continued. After Breitbart News lead investigative journalist Lee Stranahan was unlawfully ejected, Avalos followed with a pun that attacked Trump's opposition to illegal immigration — casting Trump's policy as an attack on all immigrants:
We have to stand up and be courageous in this time when the fear of immigrants is so strong and it's being trumped up in our presidential election.
Avalos's call to “stand up and be courageous” came after Stranahan was removed from the meeting, purportedly because he was hurting the feeling of illegal alien protesters by recording the meeting, which is permissible under the First Amendment and the Brown Act.
The people applauding in that video are all breaking the rules of the Board of Supervisors @stranahan — Lee Stranahan (@stranahan) May 11, 2016
As Breitbart News reported:
Stranahan was unlawfully thrown out of a Board of Supervisors' meeting for filming radical pro-amnesty protestors disrupting the discussion and breaking the rules repeatedly without repercussion.
As Avalos later wrote in an email obtained by Breitbart News, his justification of the removal was less than courageous:
The reporter was video taping people in the audience and they felt intimidated by him doing so. Some of them were undocumented immigrants and they thought he knew that so they believed that he was harassing them.
After the incident, Avalos continued to attack Stranahan with the same accusations of racism that he'd used against Trump.
The next vote on expanding San Francisco's sanctuary city policy will be held on May 24.
Bruce Arians is a football lifer, bouncing from Virginia Tech to Alabama to Temple to the Chiefs and Saints and Colts, among others, taking football jobs where he could find them.
Pittsburgh, though, holds a special place in him. Arians worked with the Steelers for eight seasons, three as Bill Cowher's wide receivers coach and five as Mike Tomlin's offensive coordinator. He won two Super Bowls with them and helped turn Ben Roethlisberger into one of the NFL's best quarterbacks.
That's why it was especially painful when it all come to an abrupt halt after the 2011 season and the Steelers surprisingly didn't renew his contract.
Article continues below ...
It all worked out fine for Arians — who won one Coach of the Year award as an assistant with the Indianpolis Colts filling in for Chuck Pagano and has added a second in his first three seasons as head coach of the Arizona Cardinals — but it's clear he's still emotional about how his tenure ended in Pittsburgh.
In an episode of HBO's "Real Sports" that will debut next week, Arians sat down with Andrea Kramer to discuss his side of how it all went down with the Steelers and why he feels betrayed. Below is the video and transcribed interview.
WASHINGTON — Senate Republicans scrapped a long-standing precedent requiring 60 votes to end filibusters of Supreme Court nominees in order to push through President Trump's Supreme Court nominee, Neil Gorsuch
Most Democrats joined a filibuster of the nominee, arguing that he was outside of the legal mainstream and that Republicans owed them a “consensus” nominee after they blocked a hearing on former President Obama's nominee Merrick Garland last year. The first vote to end debate on Gorsuch failed, 55 to 45 Thursday morning, with just four Democrats joining Republicans to end a filibuster.
Then, Republicans changed the 60-vote precedent on a party-line vote, 52 to 48. The Senate then voted to end debate on Gorsuch with 55 votes: three Democratic senators — Joe Donnelly, Heidi Heitkamp, and Joe Manchin, all of whom are up for reelection next year in conservative-leaning states — joined the Republicans. Now, just 51 votes are required to end a filibuster and proceed to a floor vote to confirm a Supreme Court nominee.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell was always clear that he would change the precedent of the Senate if Democrats refused to allow a vote on Gorsuch. “We need to restore the norms and traditions of the Senate and get past this unprecedented partisan filibuster,” McConnell said on the floor, before starting the process.
Senate Democrats may still take 30 hours of debate before the final vote, which is now expected to take place on Friday evening.
The battle over changing the rules has caused much handwringing in the Senate, which prides itself on being more deliberative and bipartisan than the rowdier House. Some Senate Republicans, such as Bob Corker of Tennessee, have argued this was a step that could “destroy” the Senate, and possibly lead the body to also change its rules and only require 51 votes to end debate on legislation. That would mean a majority party could quickly push through bills, instead of requiring some buy-in from the other side.
View photos Judge Neil Gorsuch testifies before the Senate Judiciary Committee, March 22, 2017. (Photo: Ron Sachs/CNP/MediaPunch/IPX via AP) More
But McConnell said Tuesday that not a single member of his caucus would vote to change the legislative filibuster, since it “ makes the Senate .” Republicans blame Democrats because they eliminated the filibuster for lower-court judges in 2013 and because they blocked Gorsuch. The Colorado jurist's backers note that he attracted some support from liberal lawyers and is widely viewed as qualified for the job. “The majority of my Democratic counterparts simply disagree with the notion that the filibuster should only be used in the nomination process under extraordinary circumstances,” said Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine.
View photos Sen. Steve Daines of Montana speaks on behalf of Judge Neil Gorsuch's nomination to the Supreme Court. (Photo: Win McNamee/Getty Images) More
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said in a floor speech before the cloture vote that he believed the blame should be apportioned more on Republicans than Democrats. “We believe that what the Republicans did to Merrick Garland was worse than a filibuster, declaring mere hours after Justice Scalia's death that they would deny the constitutional prerogative of a president with 11 months of his term left,” Schumer said.
“In a post-nuclear world, if the Senate and the presidency are in the hands of the same party, there's no incentive to even speak to the Senate minority,” Schumer said. “That's a recipe for more conflict and bad blood between the parties, not less.”
West Virginia Sen. Joe Manchin is one of a handful of Democrats who voted to end a filibuster on Gorsuch, criticized the “hypocrisy” of both sides in a statement right before the vote — saying both parties are sticking to “talking points” instead of trying to fix the situation.
“This is precisely what is wrong with Washington, and if it happens, both Democrats and Republicans will bear the shame,” Manchin said.
Read more from Yahoo News:
Capitalism has generated massive wealth for some, but it's devastated the planet and has failed to improve human well-being at scale.
• Species are going extinct at a rate 1,000 times faster than that of the natural rate over the previous 65 million years (see Center for Health and the Global Environment at Harvard Medical School).
• Since 2000, 6 million hectares of primary forest have been lost each year. That's 14,826,322 acres, or just less than the entire state of West Virginia (see the 2010 assessment by the Food and Agricultural Organization of the UN).
• Even in the U.S., 15% of the population lives below the poverty line. For children under the age of 18, that number increases to 20% (see U.S. Census).
• The world's population is expected to reach 10 billion by 2050 (see United Nations' projections).
How do we expect to feed that many people while we exhaust the resources that remain?
Human activities are behind the extinction crisis. Commercial agriculture, timber extraction, and infrastructure development are causing habitat loss and our reliance on fossil fuels is a major contributor to climate change.
Public corporations are responding to consumer demand and pressure from Wall Street. Professors Christopher Wright and Daniel Nyberg published Climate Change, Capitalism and Corporations last fall, arguing that businesses are locked in a cycle of exploiting the world's resources in ever more creative ways.
"Our book shows how large corporations are able to continue engaging in increasingly environmentally exploitative behaviour by obscuring the link between endless economic growth and worsening environmental destruction," they wrote.
Yale sociologist Justin Farrell studied 20 years of corporate funding and found that "corporations have used their wealth to amplify contrarian views [of climate change] and create an impression of greater scientific uncertainty than actually exists."
Corporate capitalism is committed to the relentless pursuit of growth, even if it ravages the planet and threatens human health.
We need to build a new system: one that will balance economic growth with sustainability and human flourishing.
A new generation of companies are showing the way forward. They're infusing capitalism with fresh ideas, specifically in regards to employee ownership and agile management.
The Increasing Importance Of Distributed Ownership And Governance
Fund managers at global financial institutions own the majority (70%) of the public stock exchange. These absent owners have no stake in the communities in which the companies operate. Furthermore, management-controlled equity is concentrated in the hands of a select few: the CEO and other senior executives.
On the other hand, startups have been willing to distribute equity to employees. Sometimes such equity distribution is done to make up for less than competitive salaries, but more often it's offered as a financial incentive to motivate employees toward building a successful company.
According to The Economist, today's startups are keen to incentivize via shared ownership:
The central difference lies in ownership: whereas nobody is sure who owns public companies, startups go to great lengths to define who owns what. Early in a company's life, the founders and first recruits own a majority stake—and they incentivise people with ownership stakes or performance-related rewards. That has always been true for startups, but today the rights and responsibilities are meticulously defined in contracts drawn up by lawyers. This aligns interests and creates a culture of hard work and camaraderie. Because they are private rather than public, they measure how they are doing using performance indicators (such as how many products they have produced) rather than elaborate accounting standards.
This trend hearkens back to cooperatives where employees collectively owned the enterprise and participated in management decisions through their voting rights. Mondragon is the oft-cited example of a successful, modern worker cooperative. Mondragon's broad-based employee ownership is not the same as an Employee Stock Ownership Plan. With ownership comes a say – control – over the business. Their workers elect management, and management is responsible to the employees.
REI is a consumer cooperative that drew attention this past year when it opted out of Black Friday sales, encouraging its employees and customers to spend the day outside instead of shopping.
I suspect that the most successful companies under this emerging form of capitalism will have less concentrated, more egalitarian ownership structures. They will benefit not only financially but also communally.
Joint Ownership Will Lead To Collaborative Management
The hierarchical organization of modern corporations will give way to networks or communities that make collaboration paramount. Many options for more fluid, agile management structures could take hold.
For instance, newer companies are experimenting with alternative management models that seek to empower employees more than a traditional hierarchy typically does. Of these newer approaches, holacracy is the most widely known. It promises to bring structure and discipline to a peer-to-peer workplace.
Holacracy “is a new way of running an organization that removes power from a management hierarchy and distributes it across clear roles, which can then be executed autonomously, without a micromanaging boss.”
Companies like Zappos and Medium are in varying stages of implementing the management system.
Valve Software in Seattle goes even further, allowing employees to select which projects they want to work on. Employees then move their desks to the most conducive office area for collaborating with the project team.
These are small steps toward a system that values the employee more than what the employee can produce. By giving employees a greater say in decision-making, corporations will make choices that ensure the future of the planet and its inhabitants.
Follow me on Twitter.
Watch on Forbes:
One persistent suggestion in the post-Newtown conversation about gun control is a law requiring the registration of all guns, even so-called "long guns" like the rifle Adam Lanza used in the school killings. Lost in the discussion: Canada tried it and gave up, discovering like several other nations that attempting to identify every gun in the country is an expensive and ultimately unproductive exercise. Criminals, of course, don't register their guns. And even law-abiding citizens tend to ignore registration when it comes to long guns mostly used for hunting and target shooting.
Fans say a central registry would make it easier for police to track down weapons used in crimes, and perhaps even make gun owners more responsible. With all the guns registered, owners could be held liable if their guns turn up at a crime scene and they failed to report them as stolen.
Universal registration drives NRA types nuts: The more paranoid among them fear it would be a tool for government agents to seize their guns, while the less so worry that anything that has been registered also can be taxed.
Maybe they shouldn't worry. Universal registration has been tried in several countries, most recently in Canada. The program turned out to be far more expensive than expected and didn't have any discernable impact on crime, perhaps because long guns are used so rarely by criminals in the first place. Canada's gun homicide rate, according to the handy statistics at Gunpolicy.org, has held steady since the late 1990s.
Canada passed a strict gun-control law in 1995, partly in reaction to a 1989 shooting at Montreal's Ecole Polytechnique with a semiautomatic rifle. The law required universal regulation of guns, including rifles and shotguns. Proponents said the central registry would give law-enforcement agencies a powerful new tool for tracking guns used in crimes. They also claimed it would help reduce domestic violence and suicide.
Canada's then-Minister of Justice Allan Rock supported the law, telling Parliament:
Registration will reduce crime and better equip the police to deal with crime
in Canadian society by providing them with information they often need to
do their job … Registration will assist us to deal with the scourge of domestic
violence … Suicides and accidents provide another example … If a firearm is
not readily available, lives can be saved. If registration, as the police believe, will
encourage owners to store firearms safely so those impulsive acts are less likely,
the result may be different.
The law passed and starting in 1998 Canadians were required to have a license to own firearms and register their weapons with the government. According to Canadian researcher (and gun enthusiast) Gary Mauser, the Canada Firearms Center quickly rose to 600 employees and the cost of the effort climbed past $600 million. In 2002 Canada's auditor general released a report saying initial cost estimates of $2 million (Canadian) had increased to $1 billion as the government tried to register the estimated 15 million guns owned by Canada's 34 million residents.
The registry was plagued with complications like duplicate serial numbers and millions of incomplete records, Mauser reports. One person managed to register a soldering gun, demonstrating the lack of precise standards. And overshadowing the effort was the suspicion of misplaced effort: Pistols were used in 66% of gun homicides in 2011, yet they represent about 6% of the guns in Canada. Legal long guns were used in 11% of killings that year, according to Statistics Canada, while illegal weapons like sawed-off shotguns and machine guns, which by definition cannot be registered, were used in another 12%.
So the government was spending the bulk of its money -- about $17 million of the Firearms Center's $82 million annual budget -- trying to register long guns when the statistics showed they weren't the problem.
There was also the question of how registering guns was supposed to reduce crime and suicide in the first place. From 1997 to 2005, only 13% of the guns used in homicides were registered. Police studies in Canada estimated that 2-16% of guns used in crimes were stolen from legal owners and thus potentially in the registry. The bulk of the guns, Canadian officials concluded, were unregistered weapons imported illegally from the U.S. by criminal gangs.
Finally in 2011, conservatives led by Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper voted to abolish the long-gun registry and destroy all its records. Liberals argued the law had contributed to the decline in gun homicides since it was passed. But Mauser notes that gun homicides have actually been rising in recent years, from 151 in 1999 to 173 in 2009, as violent criminal gangs use guns in their drug turf wars and other disputes. As in the U.S., most gun homicides in Canada are committed by young males, many of them with criminal records. In the majority of homicides involving young males, the victim and the killer are known each other.
The bigger lesson of Canada's experiment, Mauser says, is that gun registration rarely delivers the results proponents expect. In most countries the actual number registered settles out at about a sixth. Germany required registration during the Baader-Meinhof reign of terror in the 1970s, and recorded 3.2 million of the estimated 17 million guns in that country; England tried to register pump-action and semiautomatic shotguns in the 1980s, but only got about 50,000 of the estimated 300,000 such guns stored in homes around the country
Canada's suicide rates don't appear to have been affected by the gun law, either. The overall suicide rate fell by 2% between 1995 and 2009, according to Statistics Canada, but gun deaths only average about 16% of suicides and a decline in gun deaths was almost entirely made up by increases in hangings.
Some police officers also questioned the efficacy of the registry in protecting them on domestic-violence calls, since the registry was riddled with inaccuracies and didn't say where guns are located, only who owns them. Either way, long guns are only involved in about 18% of female spousal killings in Canada. Knives account for 31%, according to Mauser.
There are problems with interpolating Canada's experience to the U.S. First of all, the statistics suggest the two countries are vastly different on a criminal-culture level. Canada's overall homicide rate is just 1.8 per 100,000, according to the database at Gunpolicy.org, versus 5.1 in the U.S. So we Americans kill each other at a much higher rate, period. (Before you condemn Americans as bloodthirsty, look at Russia: Its murder rate is 15 per 100,000!)
Canada's gun homicide rate is also proportionally lower at 0.5 per 100,000, a rate that has held roughly constant since the late 1990s (versus a significant decline in the U.S. rate to 3.6). But Canada's 173 gun homicides -- many of them with pistols smuggled in from the U.S. -- are little more than statistical noise on this side of the border, representing just 4 days' worth of gun killings on American streets.
The fact is every country is different and rates of gun ownership versus homicides have almost no correlation with each other. (See this Mauser article in the Harvard Journal of Law & Public Policy for a chart illustrating the point. Russia's (legal) gun ownership rate is a rock-bottom 4,000 per 100,000 citizens and the country has a murder rate exceeding 15; Norway's gun ownership rate is 30,000 per 100,000 and the murder rate is below 1.)
The bottom line is there are sensible things the U.S. can do to try and curb gun violence, including following Canada's lead and passing strict regulations covering who can possess handguns -- and jailing anyone found with one illegally. I believe most gun owners would agree to personal gun licenses, since hundreds of thousands of pistol owners have already gotten licenses. Most hunters also grew up in a culture of strict regulation, where any passing game warden can ask to see your license and inspect your semiautomatic shotgun to make sure it has a plug limiting it to three shells. Any more and you lose your guns.
But Canada's experience suggests focusing on the hardware instead of the shooter is an expensive and ultimately fruitless endeavor. I would be curious whether that country's pistol registry has been more effective.
Long-time protector of Ottawa River, Patricia Tait, shares tips on how to preserve your local water resources.
By Sarah Fox
Photography By Blair Gable
A river can be a place you go to for a weekend camping trip every summer, a venue for a day excursion or the backdrop to an afternoon spent reading outdoors. For people like Patricia Tait—who find happiness in these liquid landmarks—the river is home, and the zeal to protect it is a strong current flowing through their hearts.
Patricia is a volunteer riverwatcher for the Ottawa Riverkeeper, a program licensed by the international Waterkeeper Alliance, which preserves and protects water by connecting local Waterkeeper organizations worldwide. Like the alliance, Ottawa Riverkeeper's central goal is swimmable, drinkable and fishable water.
Having lived on the river for over 30 years, Patricia's life and the river are intertwined. Her connection can be traced back to childhood, as she recalls, “My first real encounter with the Ottawa River was in Norway Bay, a beautiful beach area on the Quebec side of the river, where we had a cottage. I learned to swim there when I was about 6-years-old.”
A warm introduction to the river anchored a deep love and appreciation for the waterway and all it provides. Today, Patricia lives upriver from the site of her fondest childhood memories and spends as much time as possible on the river itself. “I am out in my canoe or kayak almost every day for exercise, to take the grandkids out, to see the sunset, or, to check up on the bald eagles and ospreys that nest near our bay.”
Always a source of rest and relaxation, the river also plays a practical part in the Ontario resident's life. It's a medium for transportation and Pat's preferred “road” when visiting friends in her neighbouring town.
As a water lover, Patricia was naturally attracted to the Ottawa Riverkeeper, an organization that believes if you use the river, you won't abuse it. She lives the truth of this sentiment and has added travelling to three different locations on the river to test temperature and turbidity—to help determine the quality of the resource—to her list of regular water activity.
When not on the water enjoying the elements or monitoring changes in the habitat for Ottawa Riverkeeper, Patricia can be found out advocating for its wellness. She regularly speaks to audiences about how the river acts as a watershed stretching over 1200 km in length. In 2014, her advocacy work and time spent in the field earned the conservationist the Mayor's City Builder Award.
As for what motivates her, that's a matter of the future. She hopes to inspire younger generations to continue her work and start a legacy of their own as watchers, advocators and protectors of the river.
Being someone who knows the history of her local environment, the future weighs heavy on her mind. Over the years, Patricia has witnessed highs and lows in the life cycle of her beloved river. She remembers heartbreaking scenes like the “fish kill,” when a heavy rainfall overflowed sanitation systems and changed the temperature of the river, resulting in the death of hundreds of catfish. Then there are the bright spots; like when she stumbled upon an aquatic organism called a bryozoan. “It indicates that life is pretty darn good,” Patricia explains. “If you see them, the water is in good shape; it's a good thing. They're so sensitive that they can't survive water with a pollution problem.”
Patricia holds on to memories like these with optimism, but remains aware that there are issues threatening wildlife dependent on the Ottawa River. She speaks passionately about non-natural shorelines, microplastics and invasive species, while voicing the most concern for a proposal quietly underway—one threatening to dump radioactive waste on the shores of the river.
“If successful, construction could begin as early as 2018. Leakage of contaminants into the river would be devastating—to aquatic life on the river and as a source of drinking water for millions of Canadians.”
By preserving the habitat of her home river, Patricia hopes to make a larger impact on the global environment. “You help locally because you know that globally you are in trouble,” she says. “If everybody does something locally, we're going to make life better.”
Read on for Patricia's tips on how you can make a difference by acting locally, while thinking globally this Earth Day and beyond.
Patricia's 5 tips to living a water-conscious life:
“Never buy another plastic water bottle again.” Be wary of products that contain plastic, specifically microplastic. Unfortunately, it is difficult to dodge, but Patricia suggests people purchase a refillable water bottle and avoid whenever possible. “Plastic is part of our life, but the cheap plastic is awful. It's the plastic that everyone needs to go after—that's the plastic that breaks down and ends up in the oceans.”
“In your garden, select native plants.” Patricia has witnessed firsthand the affect invasive species can have on the surrounding habitat. People have spruced up their gardens with plants that—unknown to them—are not natural to the area and end up affecting the larger ecosystem. “Check with your garden centre,” she suggests and find out what is native to your area. “The benefit of native plants is they are easy maintenance.”
“Build a rain garden.” Find a low spot in your garden or lawn that is at least three metres from the house and septic system to plant native vegetation. Make sure the area receives full or partial sunlight and that water will properly drain into the soil. Patricia says you can test this by doing a percolation test. “Dig a hole and fill it with water. In a good drainage area you will see bubbles pop on top of the water; the slower the drainage rate, the deeper the depressed area must be. Typically, a rain garden should be 8 to 28 inches deep.”
“Any time you walk, pick up garbage.” For those who don't have yards to build rainwater contraptions, being conscious of the amount of garbage on the streets around you is something everyone can do easily. “If you walk on a busy street, there's going to be a drain. If the drain has garbage around it, then that garbage is going to end up going through the sanitation system, where it may or may not be caught and end up in the river.”
“Report anything in the water that doesn't look right.” Everyone can be the watcher of their local water source by keeping an eye out. “Gather up some friends and host a walk alongside a creek, a river or a pond.” If there is something in the water that looks out of place, or something you can't dispose of yourself, report it.
Take the pledge and help build a more caring and compassionate Canada.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/vNyV
— After a silent protest at the General Assembly last week, demonstrators turned up the volume on Tuesday - and into Wednesday - in an overnight sit-in at House Speaker Thom Tillis' office.
Nearly 20 protesters, described as "workers from McDonald's, Wendy's and Bojangles and clergy members" and dubbed the 'Tillis 15,' refused to leave Tillis' office for nearly 11 hours. Fourteen were arrested at about 1:45 a.m. Wednesday.
They were handcuffed with plastic zip-ties and led out of the building one by General Assembly police.
General Assembly Lieutenant Martin Brock says all 14 will be charged with second-degree trespassing and violation of building rules.
"We are so proud of the hundreds of new and old friends who took a day off work to advocate for to repent, repeal and restore demands to all of our legislators, Democrat and Republican," State NAACP President Rev. William Barber said in a 1 a.m. statement. "People will die as a result of these cruel policies that have been put in place. People will lose the fundamental right to vote. We cannot stand idly by as our brothers and sisters are hurting."
The protest began with members of the "Moral Monday" movement gathering at the Legislative Building Tuesday afternoon to pray outside Tillis' office, and more than a dozen protesters went inside bearing signs with sections of the U.S. and North Carolina constitutions regarding their rights to assemble and petition their legislators.
Police were called in to persuade the protesters to leave instead of waiting to speak with Tillis, who was presiding over the afternoon House session.
The signs are in response to rules regarding public decorum in the Legislative Building that lawmakers adopted two weeks ago. The rules allow police to arrest people if they “disturb or act in a manner that will imminently disturb the General Assembly.”
Last week, hundreds of people marched through the building with tape across their mouths to protest the new rules.
Barber said at the time that protesters returning to downtown Raleigh on Tuesday would not be silent.
The NAACP plans to challenge the rules in court.
"(Lawmakers) need to listen to what Henry Thoreau said. Any rule that's unjust, we have a right to violate – a moral responsibility," Barber said. "So, a rule is not going to stop us from opening our mouths."
General Assembly Police used couches to block hallways off from protesters, who held hands in solidarity as they lined the second floor rotunda of the Legislative Building and quietly hummed the civil rights song "Ain't gonna let nobody turn me around.
As police cleared the crowd outside in an orderly fashion with Barber's help, protesters inside Tillis' office could be heard singing hymns.
Tillis declined to meet with the protesters, and they began to chant, "Hey hey, ho ho. Thom Tillis, where'd you go?"
Chief Jeff Weaver of the General Assembly Police said he didn't plan to arrest the protesters in the speaker's office.
"Speaker Thom Tillis and his aides have refused to engage in a serious discussion over the deep and weighty issues, and now they are playing a waiting game in hopes that we will lose heart, pack up and go home," Barber said in a statement.
Supporters tried to deliver pizzas to the protesters, but the sergeant-at-arms turned them away, saying it was too crowded inside the office. Later, sleeping bags were dropped off at the building as the protesters settled in for a long night.
Those outside Tillis' office, including Barber, left at the request of police.
Tuesday's demonstration kicked off with about 200 people singing, clapping and chanting in a tent on Halifax Mall shortly after noon. Organizers handed out signs and sheets of talking points for volunteers who planned to lobby individual lawmakers for an expansion of Medicaid, the restoration of the Earned Income Tax Credit, the extension of unemployment benefits, more money for teachers and public schools and stronger environmental regulation.
Cassandra Belcher Tripp worked her way through the Legislative Building later in the day, knocking on doors.
"We want the people in the House and Senate to know that we have a voice, and we all want to be heard," Tripp said.
Barber decried attempts by conservative pundits to brand the Moral Monday movement as a Democratic organization, reading quotes by notable Republicans praising Social Security, the Earned Income Tax Credit, environmental conservation and the perils of income inequality.
"Some things are bigger than Democrat or Republican," he said. "We are the center. The moral center."
He said called legislative leaders "extremists" who are "hurting all of us in North Carolina."
"We are black. We are white. We are young. We are old. We are Democrats. We are Republicans," he exhorted the crowd. "We are North Carolina. We are here to stay, and we are not going away."
Barber also called out a tracker for the conservative PAC America Rising, who was filming the rally at the rear of the tent, inviting him to bring his camera to the front for a better vantage point.
"Maybe you'll learn something," Barber joked.
The Rugby Football League has rejected the conditional offer from the ABC consortium for administration-hit Super League club Bradford Bulls.
Administrator Brendan Guilfoyle warned that if the bid, which was submitted last week, was not accepted the club could "cease to exist".
Bradford Bulls crisis timeline 27 March - Then-chairman Peter Hood announces the club need £1m to stay afloat after the bank changes the conditions of their overdraft, with the first £500,000 needed within 10 days.
- Then-chairman Peter Hood announces the club need £1m to stay afloat after the bank changes the conditions of their overdraft, with the first £500,000 needed within 10 days. 10 April - Having extended the deadline the club reach initial target.
- Having extended the deadline the club reach initial target. 9 May - Hood steps down ahead of an EGM where he was likely to face a no-confidence vote.
- Hood steps down ahead of an EGM where he was likely to face a no-confidence vote. 2 June - Director Stephen Coulby reveals the club's debt is worse than first feared and that £1.25m is needed to get the club to the end of the season.
- Director Stephen Coulby reveals the club's debt is worse than first feared and that £1.25m is needed to get the club to the end of the season. 14 June - Handed a winding-up order over unpaid tax.
- Handed a winding-up order over unpaid tax. 26 June - Bulls enter administration with Guilfoyle saying they have 10 working days to save themselves from "extinction".
- Bulls enter administration with Guilfoyle saying they have 10 working days to save themselves from "extinction". 2 July - Entire coaching staff are among 16 employees made redundant.
- Entire coaching staff are among 16 employees made redundant. 4 July - Head coach Mick Potter and the other coaches return to the club for free.
- Head coach Mick Potter and the other coaches return to the club for free. 10 July - Guilfoyle extends the deadline for when the club needs to have a new buyer to 27 July.
- Guilfoyle extends the deadline for when the club needs to have a new buyer to 27 July. 19 July - ABC consortium of local businessmen submits conditional bid for club.
- ABC consortium of local businessmen submits conditional bid for club. 25 July - RFL deducts club six points for entering administration.
- RFL deducts club six points for entering administration. 26 July - RFL rejects bid from the ABC consortium for the Bulls.
In a statement the RFL said: "The board of directors has deemed its conditional nature unreasonable and unrealistic.
"Details of a further offer are currently being assessed."
Guilfoyle confirmed that the bid for the club was conditional on the Bulls being allowed to continue in Super League and the new owners to buy back the ground, which is currently owned by the RFL.
Any prospective buyer needs to satisfy the RFL of their intentions before the club is re-admitted to the league and, although the governing body have the final say on the Super League licence, they are obligated to consult with the other 13 clubs, who are known to be split on the subject.
Earlier on Thursday, Bradford South MP Gerry Sutcliffe confirmed he is part of a rival consortium weighing up a bid for the club.
Along with Bradford-based businessman Omar Khan, Sutcliffe has met with Guilfoyle.
"It's a great club and I want to make sure that the long-term future is secure," he told BBC Radio Leeds.
"I see it as more than just a business venture, it's about the heritage of the city.
"Brendan was very frank about what was required and it is now a case of us trying to put a bid together in time for the deadline."
The final day for bids to be submitted for the Bulls, who were deducted six Super League points on Wednesday, is Friday.
Bradford Bulls entered administration on 26 June after attempts to raise £1m to keep the club running were unsuccessful.
Is “The Big Bang Theory” now more popular than “American Idol?”
After Thursday night, it sure looks like it.
In the half-hour from 8 p.m. to 8:30 p.m., the CBS comedy “Big Bang,” which just edged Fox's “Idol” last week, easily topped it this Thursday among 18- to 49-year-old viewers, the standard Fox has always used for success.
“Big Bang” reached a 5.4 rating for the half-hour vs. a 4.8 for “Idol” – a ratings number “Idol” surely did not expect to fall to this season. This despite recent efforts to return to tried and true material, like highlighting some hilariously deluded performers and zeroing in on arguments among the judges.
“Idol” can still assert that it tied “Big Bang” as the overall top-rated show of the night, because its second half-hour did spring up to a 6 rating. That gave “Idol” a 5.4 rating for the hour-long duration.
But compared with the ratings of “Idol” last year, Thursday night's decline was the biggest falloff yet. Last year on this Thursday, “Idol” averaged a 7.7 rating. So, it was down 30 percent this year.
“Big Bang” also had more total viewers than “Idol” in that half-hour, 15.96 million viewers to 15.46 million for “Idol.”
The CBS comedy is also apparently on the way up: it added 0.2 to its rating total compared with last week. “Idol” was down 0.4 in that half-hour from last week.
John Tyson believes his wife, Donna (inset) and son Jordan (inset) could still be alive if a 000 call was acted on differently.
John Tyson believes his wife, Donna (inset) and son Jordan (inset) could still be alive if a 000 call was acted on differently. Bev Lacey
A HEARTBROKEN John Tyson listened to the desperate final 000 phone call from his wife before declaring she and his son could still be alive today had someone else answered the phone.
It was a fiery ending to the Queensland Floods Commission of Inquiry's two-day visit to Toowoomba.
Mr Tyson sat quietly with his two sons Chris and Blake in the back of the courtroom all day yesterday before he finally took the stand to give evidence.
An emotional Mr Tyson read from a victim impact statement before answering questions about the tragic deaths of his wife and son.
“They're gone forever,” he said.
“They're never coming back.”
He went on to question the actions of the Toowoomba police officer, Senior Constable Jason Wheeler, who took Ms Rice's 000 call.
“I can't help but think had my wife and son been connected to a different operator, would the outcome have been the same?”
The packed court was played two harrowing recordings of 000 calls made by his wife Donna Rice, 43, and son Jordan, 13.
In the call made by Ms Rice, which took 28 rings to be answered, the 000 operator berated her for driving into floodwaters and when she requested a tow truck, abruptly told her “you can ring a tow truck”.
Jordan's 000 call was answered by a Queensland Fire and Rescue operator.
“...We're nearly drowning. Hurry up please!” he screamed into the phone.
The operator went on to tell Jordan: “I'll send a crew up straight away to you.”
In the final moments of the phone call, the family can be heard screaming at each other to “get on the roof” of the car.
Earlier, the inquiry heard evidence from Snr Const. Wheeler and his supervisor on January 10, Sergeant Robin Coleman.
Sgt Coleman defended the actions of staff in the call centre that day, saying they were overwhelmed by the number of incoming emergency calls.
He said there had not been enough staff, nor work stations to cope with the number of calls.
Snr Const. Wheeler, who said he'd had no official training as a call taker but had been working in the position for three weeks before January 10, agreed.
“It was mayhem in there,” he said.
The officer of 19 years said he couldn't recall taking any phone calls that day.
But he said he didn't place a high priority on Ms Rice's call because of the tone of her voice and the information she provided in the call (see a transcript of the call on this page).
It was that point, the interpretation of the tone of Ms Rice's voice, which angered Mr Tyson.
The father-of-four said he was visited by Assistant Commissioner Stephen Gollschewski on January 27.
He said Asst Comm. Gollschewski assured him his wife was calm during the phone call before her death but told Mr Tyson he could not listen to the call.
Mr Tyson heard that phone call for the first time on April 18.
“When I listened to the tape, trust me, she was anything but calm,” Mr Tyson said yesterday.
“You could hear the two kids in the background.”
Mr Tyson was angry he wasn't played the phone calls earlier and said he wasn't happy with the way Asst Comm. Gollschewski handled the situation.
“I felt very uneasy after (Asst Comm. Gollschewski's) visit, to tell you the truth,” he said.
Asst Comm. Gollschewski took the stand after Mr Tyson.
He said his advice was that it would be inappropriate to play the 000 tape to Mr Tyson on January 27 because the recording was subject to a coronial investigation.
The Assistant Commissioner also said there was a disciplinary investigation underway in relation to how police handled the situation.
An interim report on the findings of the inquiry is due by August 1.
Donna Rice's 000 call
THE following is a precise transcript of the 000 call made by Donna Rice on January 10 at 1.50pm. The 000 operator was Senior Constable Jason Wheeler at the Toowoomba District Police Communications Centre. The call lasted 110 seconds.
WHEELER: Police emergency, what's the location of your emergency?
RICE: Ah corner of James and Kitchener Street.
WHEELER: Yeah, water over the road?
RICE: Yeah, I'm stuck and the waters just about ready to come up the door.
WHEELER: Yep, you stuck are ya?
RICE: Yeah, very.
WHEELER: Why'd you drive through it if you're stuck?
RICE: I'm stuck yeah.
WHEELER: Yeah, why'd you drive through flooded waters?
RICE: Because it wasn't flooded when we were coming across.
WHEELER: So, you're saying in the space of one second all the water come up?
RICE: Oh well, it wasn't this bad then.
WHEELER: Yeah, well what's your name?
RICE: Donna Rice.
WHEELER: Who?
RICE: RICE.... R.I.C.E.
WHEELER: R.I.C.H.E
RICE: R.I.C.E
WHEELER: Alright, what's your first name?
RICE: (this section has intentionally been blanked out)
WHEELER: What's your first name?
RICE: Donna
WHEELER: Where are you at Kitchener Street?
RICE: Ahh James, I think it's James and Kitchener.
WHEELER: What's your phone number there?
RICE: Umm, ohh, wouldn't have a clue. Just on a mobile.
WHEELER: Righto, could be a while before we get police there, ok.
RICE: Ah, if you could just ring a tow truck for me.
WHEELER: Well you can ring a tow truck, we've got a million calls coming through at the moment.
RICE: Well, I haven't got credit to get em.
WHEELER: Well, have to be a phone call to tow truck, what sort of car you in?
RICE: Um, Mercedes-Benz
WHEELER: Well, you shouldn't have driven through in the first place. Alright.
RICE: Yeah I know, there's about 10 of us ...
WHEELER: Yeah, no, it doesn't matter, it's a flooded road. Bye.
RICE: Bye
Call terminated.
We have all heard that the era of automation is on the horizon. We see the testing of automated vehicles. We hear the warnings of huge losses of jobs in the future. We've seen the estimates of changes automation will cause within the world economy. But, for the most part, writers have felt safe. Writing and blogging require creativity. It's the foundation of the human skill set that is the most difficult to replicate using artificial intelligence.
But that doesn't mean that writers should be without worry. There are specific types of writing where AI will replace writers almost entirely, and it is possible to imagine a future where the majority of written content we consume online is created by bots. In fact, we've examples of AI-generated stories being used in the press already. As time goes on, these types of solutions will find more applications. Anything that is dry and data-based can be automated, but companies have struggled to emulate true creative writing.
To understand what type of writing is most likely to be automated, we should look at what traits lend themselves well to automation.
What Positions Are Most Likely to Be Automated?
National Public Radio provides a free calculator that evaluates jobs and assigns a score that represents the likelihood that it will someday be automated. According to NPR's automation estimation tool, there are four basic questions that you can ask about your profession that determine the likelihood that it will someday be automated:
Do you need to come up with clever solutions?
Are you required to personally help others?
Does your job require you to squeeze into small spaces?
Does your job require negotiation?
According to their tool, the likelihood of writing tasks being automated depends heavily on the type of writing. For instance, technical writers use short, structured sentences and use data to convey information. They produce product information, reports and internal documents. These tasks lend themselves well to automation. According to the NPR tool, technical writers have an 88.8% chance of having their jobs automated. The Associated Press' use of automated stock market reports is a good example of the type of writing job that will be squeezed out by artificial intelligence in the future. However, other writing positions such as authors and creative writers have as low as a 3.0% of being automated.
Major Hurdles for AI Writing
Artificial intelligence has started to creep into every facet of business, but AI for writing has fallen a bit behind the curve for numerous reasons.
There are some major hurdles when it comes to writing automated content that make it a more difficult. Even today, straight-forward applications such as language translation are still iffy at best. Google Translate might be solid enough to convey basic messages, but it often provides translations that are full of errors.
There are numerous hurdles that have to be overcome before bot-generated content is truly accepted by the mainstream:
Mastering analysis programmatically. Great writing is full of creative analysis. So while automated content might be able to put together basic factual articles, there is still a huge jump needed before AI is accurately analyzing data and conveying specific conclusions. Bots may be able to pull and report from a dataset, but will AI be able to draw realistic conclusions from that data? We have yet to see that kind of true artificial intelligence as of yet.
Appealing to the reader's emotions. People enjoy reading things that they connect with. This creates a question of whether AI will ever truly be able to connect with readers in the same way a person could. Being able to appeal to the reader's emotions will be tough to master. Yes, content bots will have access to hordes of data that can provide insight on word usage. They will be able to analyze pieces and make recommendations. But, being able to put together an entire article that tugs at the heart strings is a tough thing to code.
Making the content enjoyable. While AI might be able to master the reporting of facts, making the content enjoyable for readers has been tough. In certain types of writing, and specifically blogging, creativity is required to keep the reader engaged with the content. Will AI writers be able to conjure pop culture references that make the audience laugh? Will it draw comparisons to relatable scenarios? Until bots can produce blogs that intrigue readers, there will be a place for human-written blogs.
Examples of Bot-Generated Content Solutions
Despite major hurdles, there is no doubt that there is a place for bot-generated content in the future. The rollout of true AI-generated content will be slow, but it will come.
In fact, there are already several startups that offer solutions that are used to produce content by major companies. As of now, the focus of these solutions is on less-creative applications, but the foundation is being laid for bot bloggers of the future. Some of the major players in the AI-content generation scene that you should be familiar with include:
Automated Insights – AI-generated News Stories
Automated Insights is perhaps the most popular example of AI-generated content today. Their software aims to create natural language paired with data. They have already partnered with the Associated Press to deliver stock market reports and minor league baseball coverage. With this partnership, the AP has estimated that they will be able to deliver ten times as many stock market reports each quarter. This is a great example of how early implementations of AI-generated content might be deployed in the coming years. Simple data-based content that doesn't require a lot of creative input to convey important points will be the first to find a foothold.
Persado – AI-generated Copywriting
Persado is another excellent example of AI-generated content. The startup focuses on marketing, copywriting, and conversion optimization. Their software uses data to deliver small snippets of content like product descriptions and short-form copy, then optimizes that copy to improve conversion rates. They claim an average click-through lift of 68.4%, and boast a total of 16 Fortune 500 clients. They recently raised $30 million in funding from institutions like Goldman Sachs. This kind of applications seem perfect for bot-generated content. The writing is mostly short-form and focused on improving metrics, giving the AI a clear goal for each piece. These smaller content snippets will be much easier to automate and are likely to be among the first to find a foothold in AI content generation.
CortX – AI-generated Web Content
CortX is a startup in the AI web content space. They are the umbrella company for brands like WordAI and Article Forge, which focus on creating longtail SEO content that sounds natural. These services are another great example of the future of AI-generated content, focusing more on simple, fact-based content.
The Future of Blogging – Where is AI Most Likely to Fit In?
So, are bots the future of blogging and journalism?
Probably not, at least for now. But AI will play a critical role in the development of online content in general. There are many hurdles that AI-generated content must overcome before companies are willing to trust them with long form content. However, there are a few ways in which artificial intelligence will help bloggers and content creators as a supplement to the creative process.
Short, fact-based Content
Before we see full-blown AI storytelling solutions, we'll probably see a rapid increase in the amount of short, fact-based content that is generated using bots. Automated Insight's recent deal with the Associated Press to produce robojournalism is a good example of the type of content that is ripe for automation. As these solutions improve, more advanced analysis could be possible.
Copywriting and Split-Testing
Artificial intelligence is perfect for marketing applications. The ability to have AI analyze your messaging, recommend potential variations, test against a control, and optimize for conversion is a natural progression for the industry. Automating short marketing messages like headlines and product descriptions is much easier than trying to automate the writing and editing of a 1,000-word blog article.
Automated research
Creating great longform content requires that writers get their hands dirty. They may spend hours sifting through endless Excel documents to find interesting tidbits of data. But, sifting through and pulling from large datasets is where AI-generated content will shine. There are already solutions on the market that will allow you to pull interesting bits of data from a huge dataset with the click of a button. Connecting that data to a narrative is where humans excel. As time passes, we may see specialized tools for specific industries.
Should Writers Be Worried?
Most writing jobs are extremely competitive. The AI generated content of the future is only going to reduce the number of writing opportunities. Fortunately for writers, we are still quite a way from bots being able to replace a human touch when it comes to creative writing.
Writers should view early AI content generation as a tool in their arsenal, rather than competition. There may come a day when AI is able to supplant experienced writers, but there are other industries at much greater risk.
It's been about 20 years since the U.S. suddenly fell in love with the adorable 5-inch Beanie Baby dolls created by Ty Warner. In a new book called The Great Beanie Baby Bubble: Mass Delusion and the Dark Side of Cute, author Zac Bissonnette details how that passionate devotion rose up suddenly across the U.S. and then came to an end. Along the way, Bissonnette shows how Beanies helped foster the rise of ecommerce and all sorts of other unintended consequences, including — believe it or not — murder.
The Beanie Babies story at times reads like a Shakespearean tragedy as much as business school case study. It also is chock full of irony, such as the fact that an extremely unlikeable man such as Warner could be responsible for creating something so lovable. In an interview, Bissonnette likened Warner's obsession with creating the “perfect” Beanie to the maniacal focus late Apple CEO Steve Jobs put on designing products such as the iPhone that became a ubiquitous part of the modern world.
SLIDESHOW: 15 of the Most Valuable Beanie Babies
Like Jobs, Warner wasn't afraid to take risks. He ignored the naysayers after Beanie Babies flopped during their initial debut, and pressed forward with a product he believed in more than anyone else. Warner's obsession even became an asset. When he would suddenly change product designs, collectors and wannabe entrepreneurs would snap up the $5 plushes and resell them on eBay at mark-ups topping 1,000 percent. In 1999, Jeffrey White, a career criminal from West Virginia, shot and killed a coworker at a lumberyard after an argument over Beanie Babies.
Prices for Beanies eventually crashed and collections, which some people insured for thousands of dollars, became worthless. Warner's hubris eventually got the best of him, too. Earlier this year, he pleaded guilty to tax evasion.
The Fiscal Times spoke with Bissonnette about the colorful rise and dramatic fall of Beanie Babies and the lessons that people can learn from them.
Related: 10 of the Most Inappropriate Toys for Kids
The Fiscal Times (TFT): Your account of Ty Warner's life is both fascinating and sad. How did someone so unlikeable create something so lovable?
Zac Bissonnette (ZB): Ty Warner — really in a way that is not comparable to anyone I've read about other than maybe Steve Jobs — channeled every part of his being into making the animals perfect. The flip side of that was that, certainly from the experiences people told me about, once he was done taking care of the plush animals, he didn't really have a ton of that care to offer the people in his life.
TFT: Beanie Babies flopped after their initial debut. Warner, though, was undaunted. What did he see that others didn't?
ZB: At first, the retailers thought they were cheap-looking and stupid. But as Ty himself once said: “If you know in your heart it is a good idea, don't give up or compromise it. Before I started the Beanie Baby line, the industry rule was that a $5 collectible item could not work. Enough said?” It took two years for it to happen, but when it did happen, Ty became, in less than three years, the richest man in the history of the American toy industry.
Related: The Most Dangerous Toys for Kids
TFT: Did Warner fail to appreciate that bubbles always come to an end?
ZB: No, not at all. One of the things that got him into a little bit of trouble with retailers was that, when Beanie Babies were the hottest thing and retailers were clamoring to order as many as they possibly could, Ty's sales reps started demanding orders for the company's much less popular lines as a condition of receiving large shipments of Beanie Babies. Ty had seen a lot of companies become too dependent on one product — he was really well-versed in the rise and fall of Coleco, which went bankrupt after the end of the Cabbage Patch craze — and he was really trying to use the demand for Beanie Babies to transition himself into being the leader in traditional stuffed animals.
The emphasis on diversification didn't really work; Beanie Babies were well over 90 percent of the company's sales at the height of the craze, but the company has rebounded quite well with other lines, like Beanie Boos, over the past few years.
Related: The Hot New Toys of 2015
TFT: Beanie Babies are still around, but the site now offers beanies of well-known characters such as Olaf from Frozen. When did the company change its business model and why did they do it?
ZB: After the collapse of Beanie mania in 1999, Ty Inc. returned to earth and was once again governed by the same problems that governed the rest of the industry — the problems that had made Ty's success so incredibly unlikely in the first place.
Ty dipped into that [licensing] business for the first time with Garfield-branded plush in 2004, and then expanded into brands like Hello Kitty, Disney, major league sports teams and My Little Pony. That licensing business, combined with popular original lines like Beanie Boos, have not only kept the company alive but made it, more than 15 years after the mania ended, the most successful plush company in the world. Still: Ty's sales are only about 5 percent of what they once were, which is a testament to just how big the Beanie craze was.
Related: The Story Behind One of the Holiday Season's Hit Toys
TFT: How is Ty Warner holding up in light of his tax evasion conviction?
ZB: I can't speak to its impact on him emotionally, but I can say that he's doing amazing stuff with his community service obligations that were handed down as part of his sentence. I've spoken with the principal at The Leo School in Chicago, where Ty has been mentoring underprivileged kids who have an interest in business. As mysterious as he is — and as difficult as most of the people who've worked with him remember him being — he really has done amazing work.
TFT: I am sure there are plenty of people who still have vast Beanie Baby collections in their homes. What is your advice for them?
ZB: An antique dealer I know told me that once in a while someone will tell her that they have a large collection of Beanie Babies they're looking to sell. They'll say stuff like, “I have a Beanie Baby collection insured for $5,000!” And when they say that, she says: “My advice to you is to drive your car into a bad neighborhood and leave it there for a few days with the doors unlocked.”
All kidding aside though, they're wonderful toys and, if you're like most people who have them, yours are in mint condition because you once thought they would make you rich. The good news: Those animals will make a wonderful gift for a local hospital or police station, where they will provide comfort to people too young to remember that there was a time when Beanie Babies drove people to madness.
SLIDESHOW: 15 of the Most Valuable Beanie Babies
Top Reads from The Fiscal Times:
Hundreds of Leyton Orient and Blackpool fans gathered together at Leyton's Birkbeck Tavern to stand up for how their clubs are being run by their respective owners.
Marching down the streets through the Borough along Oliver Road to the Matchroom Stadium both sets of fans chanted ‘we want our clubs back.'
A long life O's fan, who spoke to the Waltham Forest Guardian, said it was the first time in 43 years he had sawed a fan protest of this calibre.
Another Orient supporter Gary Graham said: “I have been going to Brisbane Road since 1968 and I will never go back to the ground again until Francesco Becchetti is gone.
“He is destroying 130 years of history. It is as simple as that. If we fall out of the league we won't come back, that will be it."
It has been a rough start to the campaign with the O's only managing to record five wins in League Two.
The LOFT fan trust have said one of their main concerns is how owner Francesco Becchetti has spent the £6million he originally invested into the club.
‘Stand up for the Orient and ‘we want Oyston out' was also a part of the chants.
“It is not about getting Becchetti out it is about him letting the managers and the players do their job,” said Orient fan Christine Dewis who took part in the march.
“We want Orient back to what it was and eight managers in two years that must be some sort of record.”
The Guardian asked Orient for a comment and their response was they would not be issuing a statement at this moment in time.
In the 18th minute of the game fans around the ground sang and stood to mark when the club was established in 1881.
The O's went on to lose 2-1 to Blackpool in what was their eighth home defeat of the season.
Today, I am proud to announce a major milestone in the history of RJMetrics: We have officially closed a Series B investment of $16.5 million from August Capital, with participation from our existing investors Trinity Ventures and SoftTech VC.
This news comes on the heels of record growth, a major office expansion, and game-changing upgrades to our product. In the 15 months since raising our Series A, we've been working tirelessly in pursuit of our mission to inspire and empower data driven people. We've built a world-class sales team from scratch, scaled an award-winning marketing organization, and supported our customers with the best customer success team in the business.
Most importantly, thanks to our amazing product and engineering teams, we have built RJMetrics into a category-defining analytics platform that now helps hundreds of the world's most innovative online businesses use their data to grow faster.
With this new funding, we will invest in delighting the RJMetrics users of both today and tomorrow. We will accelerate our hard work toward creating the fastest, easiest-to-use, and most robust platform for data analysis ever built. We will generate more content and resources than ever to inspire decision makers to unlock the power of their data. We will expand our client-facing team with more of the friendly, helpful experts that you have come to know and love.
I want to thank our team, not just for their hard work leading up this milestone but for their excitement about the future and passion for contributing to what comes next.
We're also thankful for the fervent support of our investors, most notably Karan Mehandru from Trinity Ventures, Jeff Clavier from SoftTech VC, and our new partners Eric Carlborg and Tripp Jones from August Capital. They, along with our friend and RJMetrics Board member Chuck Dietrich, never cease to have our backs while pushing us in pursuit of our vision.
As proud Philadelphians, we are excited to continue our commitment to our local startup and technology communities. We want to thank local leaders like Mayor Michael Nutter, Bob Moul, Rick Nucci, Chris Cera, Josh Kopelman, Chris Wink, and Gabe Weinberg for helping bring national attention to the innovation taking place in the City of Brotherly Love.
If you are a Philadelphian who wants to learn more about our growing community, you can check out Philly Startup Leaders, StartupPHL, and Technically Philly. You can also visit our jobs page to learn more about how to join our Center City team.
But the biggest thank-you goes out to our customers. We're fortunate enough to work with some of the most innovative people and companies in the world, and we're honored that they have trusted us to be a partner in their success.
If you haven't tried out RJMetrics recently, please take a minute to do so. We'd love to show you a demo, share our story, and learn yours. You can get started here.
We're excited for what's next, and we hope you are too — stay tuned!
PARIS (Reuters) - Ford's (F.N) 2017 earnings will be hit by a delayed currency impact of at least $600 million from Britain's vote to leave the European Union, the U.S. carmaker told Reuters, putting last year's record European profit levels beyond reach.
Jim Farley, executive vice president and president of Ford EMEA poses next to the new Ford Vignale car at the 86th International Motor Show in Geneva, Switzerland, March 1, 2016. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse
The company will no longer benefit from currency hedges that had been shielding it from the pound's slump since the June 23 referendum, Ford of Europe boss Jim Farley said on Friday.
“When Brexit happened we were fully hedged for the first quarter with the stronger pre-Brexit exchange rate,” Farley said. “As we enter the rest of the year, especially the second half, we now face the full effects of the weaker sterling.”
Ford is Britain's biggest engine maker as well as its top-ranked car brand by sales, with a 12 percent market share. The UK government has said it will trigger the two-year process for exiting the EU by the end of March.
The pound hit a seven-year low against the euro in October and remains almost one-fifth below its value at the end of 2015, when uncertainty over Brexit began to weigh. GBP=
Sterling's slump is the “only major headwind” Ford currently faces in Europe, Farley said. “We think it could be upwards of $600 million this year.”
Farley was speaking a day after Ford published 2016 results that included a record $1.2 billion European profit, while reiterating that this year's global earnings would be lower. Its shares ended 3.3 percent lower on Thursday.
TARIFF WARNING
Ford, which employs 14,000 workers in Britain and 25,000 in Germany, also repeated warnings against the introduction of trade tariffs with a final Brexit settlement.
The company builds engines at two UK sites for vehicles assembled in mainland Europe, many of which are then sold back in Britain. A weaker pound hurts the exchange value of UK revenues and squeezes the profitability of vehicles with euro-denominated parts and production costs.
“We've all built our businesses on an integrated model between the UK and the EU,” Farley said. “We would expect both entities to work for a free-trade arrangement like (the one) we have today.”
British Prime Minister Theresa May has said Britain will leave the EU single market to increase control of immigration, while calling for the “greatest possible” market access.
But German Chancellor Angela Merkel responded earlier this month that London should not get an attractive Brexit deal that might encourage other departures.
A Turkish family with children have been detained by Ukranian security officials at an International Airport in Kiev, the capital city of Ukraine for three days showing without reason, according to a short video shared by Turkish national Ali Yıldız on Twitter on Saturday.
Turkish government has been acting like a real rogue state by unlawfully cancelling passports of critical citizens, keeping them stranded at airports and fabricating baseless charges to justify this illegal and illegitimate acts.
Ali Yıldız and his family have been a new victim of the long arm of the Turkish government under the despotic rule of President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan abroad. In his short video Ali Yıldız call international community and human rights bodies to help him and his family to be sent to Turkey forcibly.
Yıldız said in his video that “My name is Ali Yıldız. I have been 3 days in this room. I came from Bangkok to Kiev as a tourist. I am a Turkish citizen. Ukraine does not require visa from Turkish citizens. Now, we are at Kiev International Airport.”
Saying that Ukranian security officers put them and locked the door without any reason, Ali Yıldız continued to say that “Two soldiers (wait) outside. Yesterday (Friday), I had a flight from Kiev to Casablanca. They did not allow me to fly. They said ‘we are going to send you to Bangkok. (However) Today, two officers came and said you cannot fly again. I asked them ‘Why am I not flying?' They said ‘Now you can fly only to Turkey, İstanbul.”
“I don't want to cancel my flight,” said Ali Yıdız and appeal for international society and human righst organizatiosn to help them. Ali Yıldız stated that “I don't want them to send me Turkey. I don't know what is the reason and what had happened. Please help me!”
This is not the first case of Erdoğan regime's persecution of the dissents. Muhammet Furkan Sökmen, a Turkish teacher working for two schools established by Gülen movement followers in Myanmar, was forcibly returned to Turkey on Saturday despite his cries for help on social media. Sökmen was detained at İstanbul Atatürk Airport and was taken to a police station for interrogation on Saturday.
Sökmen called for “help from the world” in a video recording he posted on social media minutes before he was handed over to Turkish authorities at Yangon International Airport by Myanmar police on Friday.
According to another video he earlier posted on social media, Sökmen, his wife Ayşe and daughter Sibel were detained by local immigration officials who told the family that Turkish government had invalidated their passports.
According to Turkey's state-run Anadolu news agency, Sökmen was first forcibly deported to Bangkok, Thailand on May 24.
“They take me to Bangkok. I am at the airport now. If they send me to Turkey, I will be prisoned and most probably tortured like many others tortured under the currency regime. …I am asking for international protection” Sökmen said in another video.
Despite his calls, he was taken back to İstanbul with Turkish police in company, in a Turkish Airlines flight.
An executive at the Horizon International Schools, Sökmen is also a partner of the Mediterranean International Education Services Co. Ltd, both based in Myanmar.
The United Nations expressed grave concern on Saturday over the deportation by Myanmar and Thailand of a Turkish national Muhammet Furkan Sökmen over alleged connections to a failed coup attempt on July 15, 2016 in Turkey.
The United Nations Human Rights Office (OHCHR) said the deportation of Sökmen, a former employee of an international school in Yangon, to Turkey was one of an increasing number of cases of Turkish nationals singled out by Turkish government over alleged links with Gülen movement.
Meanwhile, NBA star Enes Kanter was denied entry to Romania upon a request from the Turkish government, according to a tweet posted by the Turkish basketball player on May 20. An outspoken movement supporter, Kanter later told media that the Turkish government also had tried to catch him in Indonesia. May 28, 2017 http://stockholmcf.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/2017-05-28-VIDEO-00007182-2.mp4
Mayberry Cafe at center of inaugural celebration of revered TV show.
The exterior of a portion of the main entrance of the Mayberry Cafe in Danville, Ind. (Photo: Frank Espich, The Indianapolis Star) Story Highlights Mayberry Cafe is helping to host a two-day spring festival to celebrate 'The Andy Griffith Show'
Christine and Brad Born bought the Danville restaurant in 1989 and used the TV show theme to boost business
Two 'Griffith' cast members have committed to participating in the May 17-18 event
As Deputy Barney Fife used to say: "This is big!"
The owners of the Mayberry Cafe in Danville, Ind., are helping to host a two-day spring festival that will celebrate "The Andy Griffith Show." Two cast members already have committed to participating in the May 17-18 event in Danville, said Christine Born, who co-owns the cafe with her husband, Brad.
The Borns bought the restaurant in 1989 when it was a struggling diner and turned things around using the TV-show theme. But this is the first time they have attempted to pull off a festival.
The event, said Christine Born, 50, is a thank-you to the fans of the show who have made their business a success.
"People kept asking us for years to do something like this," she said. "It always seemed too daunting. But I guess I was asked one too many times, so I went ahead and ran it up the flagpole."
Born proposed the idea at a meeting of the Downtown Danville Partnership, a publicly funded civic organization in this town of 9,000 23 miles west of Indianapolis. The proposal drew enthusiasm. Soon, several businesses came forward to help sponsor the event.
"People from out of town are already calling the (Danville) convention center about hotel rooms," Born said.
The TV show, which aired on CBS from 1960-1968, starred Andy Griffith as the wise and laid-back Sheriff Andy Taylor in a fictional Southern town. Don Knotts played Taylor's proud but inept sidekick, Deputy Barney Fife. The pace of life was easy. Neighbors were friendly. Humor was clean.
"Almost every fan has a favorite episode," Born said. "We all know a Barney or an Otis, and we all want to be more like Andy."
The two cast members expected at the show are Maggie Peterson, who played "Charlene Darling," and Rodney Dillard, a bluegrass musician who played one of four unnamed Darling brothers. The Darlings were a family from "up in the mountains" who made occasional appearances on the show.
"It's a surprise to me that after all these years there is still so much activity connected to it," Peterson said in an interview with The Indianapolis Star. "People seem just not to let go of 'The Andy Griffith Show,' which is great for me."
TV sets at Danville's Mayberry Cafe play episodes of “The Andy Griffith Show.” The show aired on CBS from 1960 to 1968. (Photo: Frank Espich, The Indianapolis Star)
Last year, Peterson, 72, appeared at about 10 Mayberry-themed events around the United States, she said.
"I love doing it," Peterson said. "I love the people who love the show. It's a pretty special show, but the fans are pretty special too, so it works out great."
Besides the two cast members, the festival will feature nine nationally recognized tribute artists impersonating characters from the series, Born said, in addition to national bluegrass acts, food venues, a soap box derby and arts and crafts booths.
Also in the plans is the "Squad Car Nationals," in which owners of Mayberry squad car replicas drive and display their cars.
In past years, the city of New Castle hosted several "Mayberry in the Midwest" events, but the festival eventually was discontinued in that town amid organizational and sponsorship challenges.
Danville officials want the festival to become a successful annual tradition there.
"I think everyone recognizes it will be a nice feather in our cap to draw attention to our very nice community and all the efforts we've done to attract people to Danville," said Laura Parker, town planner and assistant town manager. "We want to show them what a great quality of life we have here."
Asked whether Danville is a modern version of Mayberry, Parker laughed.
"There are probably a lot of similarities," she said. "We're a small town just like Mayberry where everybody knows everybody and you know who the town characters are. But I think we allow our deputies to actually put bullets in their guns instead of keep them in their pockets."
Total cost of hosting the festival in its first year is expected to be about $40,000, said Parker, who also serves on the Downtown Danville Partnership's board of directors. The town gives about $60,000 annually to the partnership, using money from tipping fees generated from a private landfill operator.
The partnership plans to contribute $20,000 in seed money to help launch the event, Parker said. Private sponsorships will cover the rest. In time, organizers hope the festival becomes self-sufficient.
For more information, log on to mayberryinthemidwest.com and the Mayberry in the Midwest Facebook page.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1lvT749
The longboarding community is brimming with truly fascinating people, people who think deeply and people who have learnt to love life; people like Paul. Paul lives in El Paso, Texas, is 21 and has a 9 month old daughter. He is also a longboarder, reader, martial arts practitioner and artist (see above for a sword he made). In a bid to garner many perspectives, I've given him this platform and today he talks to us about what he's learnt about life.
Life is hard.
Anyone who tells you otherwise is a liar or a fool. But, Be glad that life is hard.
How will you ever grow without challenges to overcome?
A life without struggle is a fruitless one. There is beauty in the struggle. Hold no anger or resentment toward obstacles you face, but face them with love in your heart. For you will never know true happiness until you have overcome hardship.
All experiences lead us one step closer to enlightenment. The best thing you can do to arm yourself against the challenges of life is to love yourself.
Yet, this is also the hardest thing to do, but once it is achieved you have the power to do anything.
Love for others and yourself is the constant work toward spiritual growth whether or not it involves suffering.
Do not love others for what they do for you but for who they really are. Challenge them to grow and love them even when they make mistakes. God [edit: in my opinion this word holds to much negative connotation so can be changed to ‘the universe'] gives us challenges to grow our spirits even if it involves our suffering for he is a loving god.
Arm yourself with truth. Walk the path of truth and honesty and you will walk the path you were destined to walk. Memories are too precious to distort with lies. If you live hiding from the truth how can you ever be happy? When others crumble under the pressure of lies, you shall stand tall for truth is a powerful ally.
Be grateful and positive. We are privileged to experience such a beautiful life and world.
Being positive brings positive into your life. Every thought you have springs into life in the garden that is your mind. Water the plants you want to grow.
Only entertain those thoughts which empower you. For as a man thinketh in his heart, so is he.
Guard your thoughts and when you have negative ones, pause, reflect, and then change them into positive thoughts. The energy you put out is the energy you receive.
(Photo – El Paso, Texas, 2016)
Advertisements
Leipzig - A breakthrough that will spare male baby chickens the chop after they hatch has won a German scientist a €30 000 prize for animal protection.
Maria-Elisabeth Krautwald-Junghanns, a veterinarian from Leipzig, discovered a way of determining the sex of chicken embryos while they are still in the egg.
Since most poultry farms routinely kill male chicks, because they cannot lay eggs and because male fowl meat is not tasty this will avoid unnecessary animal suffering. Discarding unhatched males still in the egg will have fewer ill effects.
Embryos are unable to feel any pain at this stage of development, studies show.
It's a touchy subject in Germany, where animal rights are a matter of hot debate and where the practice of chicken culling after hatching causes a lot of outrage.
Hence the decision of Munich's Ludwig Maximilian University to award the biannual €30 000 Felix Wankel animal protection prize to the Leipzig professor.
About the images
Created from the 1760s to the 1790s, the paintings offer an insight into life at Windsor during the reign of George III (1760– 1820), who used the castle as an occasional country retreat for his growing family.
Advertisement
The drawings will be displayed at the castle next month alongside a number of early guidebooks, showing what visitors to Windsor would have experienced some 250 years ago.
‘The father of English watercolour', Paul Sandby (1730–1809), and his older brother Thomas (1721–98) produced views of the castle from numerous angles and viewpoints. They created an unrivalled visual record of the building and surrounding area.
The watercolours also document the appearance of the castle before the major remodelling of the building by George III's son, George IV, in the 1820s.
Capturing the Castle: Watercolours of Windsor by Paul and Thomas Sandby will be on display at The Drawings Gallery, Windsor Castle, from 7 February to 5 May 2014.
Advertisement
Visitors can, from February 2014, use a free Capturing the Castle app to explore the 18th-century views, and compare them with the appearance of the castle today.
A photo of Caitlin Tiller, a senior at Wheatmore High School in Trinity, N.C., was banned from the school's yearbook because it showed the student carrying her son.
Fox8 reports, Wheatmore High School invited seniors to use a prop that represented them and their accomplishments for their senior year yearbook photo.
Students brought musical instruments, sports equipment and pets as their props. Tiller, who has a 1-year-old son, decided to pose with him and her picture ended up being banned because of it.
“He helped me get to where I am today,” said the 17-year-old. “I wouldn't be the person I am today without him.”
Tiller says giving birth to her son has made her work harder than ever before. She said she worked harder in school to graduate early and began college in January. In addition, Tiller works over 30 hours a week at her part-time job, all while being a teen mom.
“He has helped me achieve my goal to graduate high school and go forward with my dreams.”
However, school officials believe the photo promotes teen pregnancy and informed Tiller her photo would not make the cut only two days before the yearbook came out.
Both Tiller and her mother Karen Morgan disagree with the school's ruling and think the picture promotes responsibility.
“She took responsibility,” Morgan told Fox. “They should be proud that the students are willing to stay in school, graduate and make something of themselves and not try and hide it.”
Randolph County School officials did not make further comments regarding the picture and said their decision was final. Tiller was given the chance to submit another photo, but decided not to claiming that if the school was not proud of her hard work, she'd rather not be in the yearbook.
A commercial space company has revealed the design of the lunar lander that it aims to send to the moon in 2015.
California-based Moon Express unveiled the blueprint and first images of its MX-1 lunar lander today (Dec. 5) in Las Vegas, during the last day of the Autodesk University computer-aided design conference. In addition to delivering payloads to the lunar surface, the coffee-table-size MX-1 could also help service satellites, deploy tiny "cubesats" in Earth orbit and clean up space junk, company officials say.
"We really have tried to create a multifaceted, flexible and scalable spacecraft that can be utilized by other people for a number of different business applications," Moon Express co-founder and CEO Bob Richards told SPACE.com. [Countdown: Wildest Private Deep-Space Mission Ideas]
Artist's concept of Moon Express' MX-1 lander taking a "selfie" photo on the moon. (Image: © Moon Express)
Moon Express designed the MX-1 from the ground up, Richards said. When fully fueled and ready for launch, it will weigh just 1,320 pounds (600 kilograms), with rocket fuel constituting more than 75 percent of the mass.
To make the lander so light, engineers employed composite materials and did away with the typical "bus," or structure that supports most spacecraft. Instead, the MX-1's fuel tanks serve as the structure, Richards said.
"With that, we got rid of a huge amount of mass," he said.
The MX-1's main rocket engine will burn hydrogen peroxide, though it also relies on kerosene as an afterburner to accelerate out of Earth orbit and head toward the moon.
The lander will be capable of delivering 132 pounds (60 kg) of payload to the lunar surface. Unlike the landers NASA developed during the Apollo program, the craft has no legs; instead, it will land slowly and softly on one of its empty fuel tanks, whose collapsibility will cushion the blow.
Moon Express' MX-1 lunar lander. (Image: © Moon Express)
The MX-1's maiden moon flight is slated to occur in late 2015 as part of the $40 million Google Lunar X Prize, an international challenge to land a robot on the lunar surface, have it travel at least 1,650 feet (500 meters) and send data and images back to Earth.
The first privately funded team to do all of this by the end of 2015 will receive the $20 million grand prize. An additional $20 million is set aside for second place and various special accomplishments and milestones, bringing the prize's total purse to $40 million.
Moon Express — one of 22 teams still in the running — wants to win the grand prize, but its ambitions don't stop there. The company aims to make money flying commercial and government payloads to the moon, and it eventually wants to extract water and other resources from Earth's nearest neighbor, both to benefit humanity on its home planet and to help our species extend its footprint out into the solar system.
Moon Express has already started building the MX-1, Richards said, and aims to have an engineering prototype ready for a test flight on Earth by May or June of next year.
Follow Mike Wall on Twitter @michaeldwall and Google+. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published on SPACE.com.
UPDATED at 2:13 p.m.:
More than a dozen lawmakers have family members on their campaign payrolls, raising eyebrows at a time when nepotism in Washington is under renewed scrutiny.
At least 13 members of Congress have paid family members from their campaign accounts so far this year, according to an analysis of Federal Election Commission (FEC) data through the end of September.
Hiring immediate family members with campaign funds is legal as long as the salary payments amount to “bona fide, campaign related services,” according to the House Ethics Manual. But the practice draws criticism from those who say it's a way to spend donor dollars to enrich family members.
“Family members being paid to work on a campaign essentially have to be doing the work that they're paid for,” said Paul S. Ryan, vice president for policy and litigation at Common Cause. “It would be a violation of law for a member of Congress to give a family member a no-show job.”
ADVERTISEMENT
The practice has also come under increased scrutiny since the election of President Trump, who installed his daughter Ivanka Trump and son-in-law Jared Kushner into top White House jobs. Neither takes a salary, but both wield significant power as senior advisers to the president.
Lawmakers in both parties have family members on the payroll.
Soraida Gutiérrez, the wife of Rep. Luis Gutiérrez (D-Ill.), has been paid $42,000 so far this year from the congressman's campaign account, according to The Hill's investigation. The congressman's office declined to comment or provide additional details on her role with the campaign.
Reps. Mike Doyle Michael (Mike) F. DoyleHillicon Valley: Lawmakers press officials on 2020 election security | T-Mobile, Sprint execs defend merger before Congress | Officials charge alleged Iranian spy | Senate panel kicks off talks on data security bill House Dems grill T-Mobile, Sprint execs on merger House members hint at bipartisan net neutrality bill MORE (D-Pa.) and Kevin Cramer Kevin John CramerSenators highlight threat from invasive species Overnight Defense: Top general wasn't consulted on Syria withdrawal | Senate passes bill breaking with Trump on Syria | What to watch for in State of the Union | US, South Korea reach deal on troop costs GOP senators think Trump would win vote on emergency declaration MORE (R-N.D.) paid their spouses about $18,000 each, according to campaign filings reviewed by The Hill. Doyle and Cramer's offices did not respond to multiple requests for additional information on their spouses' roles in their campaigns.
The Hill's analysis found that Rep. Dana Rohrabacher's (R-Calif.) wife, Rhonda, has taken a salary of $46,507 so far this year from his 2018 campaign account for managing his campaign.
A spokesman for Rohrabacher said the congressman would rather have trusted family members in campaign roles.
“It is not uncommon for spouses or other family members to perform official duties in campaigns. Indeed, there are no more trustworthy officials,” said Ken Grubbs, Rohrabacher's spokesman.
Rohrabacher's former campaign treasurer, Jack Wu, pleaded guilty in January to grand theft for embezzlement. He had embezzled more than $250,000 from Rohrabacher's campaign treasury over the course of several years.
“Had Mrs. Rohrabacher — who managed other political campaigns before her marriage to the congressman — been working as treasurer, there would have been no embezzlement,” Grubbs said.
Kristin Barton is the daughter and campaign treasurer for Rep. Joe Barton Joe Linus BartonGOP trading fancy offices, nice views for life in minority Privacy legislation could provide common ground for the newly divided Congress Texas New Members 2019 MORE (R-Texas). She is the highest-paid family member on any 2018 campaign, raking in $59,714 in 2017, according to The Hill's review of campaign finance data.
Barton's office said she used to work in the New York finance world and was hired because her father knows and trusts her.
Both Rep. Steve King Steven (Steve) Arnold KingDe Blasio visits Iowa as he mulls 2020 bid Former Iowa Gov. Vilsack won't challenge Ernst for Senate in 2020 Steve King says he will run again in 2020: 'I have nothing to apologize for' MORE's son and daughter-in-law are on the Iowa Republican's campaign payroll.
Jeff King, who chairs his father's campaign, has earned $48,750 this year. Jeff King's wife, Lindsay, has been paid $24,320 for work as the campaign's office manager this year, according to campaign data.
A King campaign spokeswoman said the congressman treats his campaign the same way Iowans treat their farms and hopes to involve his family in his work, citing the loyalty that family members bring to the table. She said that King's donors had never complained about the congressman's campaign staff.
Other members who selected their children for campaign roles include Rep. Pete Sessions (R-Texas), who has paid his son William $8,191.44 so far this year, The Hill's review found. The Sessions campaign declined to specify his role but said that it prefers to hire internally.
“Our campaign has always worked to ensure that we are compliant with FEC standards. We have a history of employing an in-house person in this role who is responsible, trustworthy and more than capable to perform these duties for the campaign,” a Sessions campaign spokesman said.
The Hill's review of FEC filings found that Rep. Collin Peterson's son has made $29,367 working as campaign treasurer for the Minnesota Democrat, though Elliott Peterson is based in Tennessee.
“A CPA doesn't know all the rules and a lawyer doesn't know the bookkeeping, so to hire a firm that does this would cost us much more,” Peterson spokeswoman Allison Myhre told The Hill.
Rep. John Duncan John James DuncanLamar Alexander's exit marks end of an era in evolving Tennessee Tennessee New Members 2019 Live coverage: Social media execs face grilling on Capitol Hill MORE Jr.'s (R-Tenn.) son, John Duncan III, and son-in-law, Jason Brown, both take a salary from his campaign, according to a July report in The Nashville Post. Brown serves as Duncan's campaign treasurer.
The younger Duncan has cashed in a salary of $59,500 so far this year in checks made out to “American Public Strategies” and addressed to his house in Knoxville, Tenn. Brown has made $3,150 this cycle, according to FEC filings reviewed by The Hill.
In an email to The Nashville Post, John Duncan III said he had performed a number of responsibilities.
“I've had numerous duties including, but not limited to, running the campaign, fundraising, coordinating volunteers, organizing events, representing my Dad at various community events and functions, meeting with constituents on his behalf, writing statements on issues — both politically and policy related, researching policy, advising my Dad on issues, conducting polling, delivering speeches, writing letters to constituents, coordinating radio, television and direct mail advertising, and handling politically related correspondence that comes into both the Knoxville and Washington offices,” he said.
Hiring family members for the campaign isn't limited to spouses and children.
Rep. Gwen Moore Gwen Sophia MooreDems hit GOP on pre-existing conditions at panel's first policy hearing Democratic rep announces she has cancer while defending ObamaCare Ten Dem lawmakers added to House Ways and Means Committee MORE's (D-Wis.) sister Brenda has taken home $38,715 this cycle, according to financial disclosures reviewed by The Hill.
Regan Bonderman, Rep. Todd Rokita's (R-Ind.) sister, has made $15,010 in campaign dollars so far, according to financial documents reviewed by The Hill.
"Regan is an essential member of our team," Rokita campaign spokesperson Nathan Brand said in an email to The Hill.
"She works at least 60 hours a week as our FEC compliance and database manager," he said. "She does better work for less than the campaign could ever obtain from an outside compliance firm."
The Hill also found that Rep. Vern Buchanan Vernon Gale BuchananMORE's (R-Fla.) sister-in-law Yvonne made $17,750. Roberta Cicilline-Dimezza works for her brother Rep. David Cicilline David Nicola CicillineDem lawmaker: Mueller report ‘belongs to the American people' White House braces for Mueller report Ex-GOP congressional candidate charged with wire fraud, violating election law MORE's (D-R.I.) campaign and has made $2,700 so far this year, according to The Hill's financial analysis.
Rich Luchette, a spokesman for Cicilline, said the representative's sister oversees the charity arm of the campaign.
“She is compensated at a rate of $300 per month — well below what a professional firm would charge for these services,” the spokesman added.
Moore's office declined to comment on the record. Buchanan's office did not respond to multiple requests for additional information on Yvonne Buchanan's campaign roles.
This story was updated Thursday afternoon to reflect information on Reps. Duncan and Rokita.
On Friday, January 8th, the day David Bowie both celebrated his 69th birthday and put out his final studio album ★ (Blackstar), the musician's official website released a new set of photos. Taken by his longtime photographer Jimmy King, they are believed to be the final images of Bowie. He died on Sunday evening.
(Editor's Note: An earlier version of this story suggested these photos were taken three days ago, but that is unconfirmed.)
According to an issued statement, Bowie passed away following an 18-month battle with cancer. Despite his illness, he remained active up until his death, appearing in public just last month to attend a staging of his off-Broadway adaptation of Lazarus. Last week he released ★ along with the all-too-surreal video for album track “Lazarus”.
All day long we've been collecting the various tributes to Bowie. Everyone from Paul McCartney, to Yoko Ono, to Kendrick Lamar has taken time to remember what many consider to be the greatest musician of all time.
An Orlando man was arrested Thursday on suspicion of felony video voyeurism after a Publix shopper twice reported him allegedly recording beneath girls' skirts in Baldwin Park.
Scott Wesley Irwin, 27, of Orlando, allegedly placed his cell phone in a hand basket and lowered it below two young girls' skirts and shorts Feb. 3, according to Irwin's arrest affidavit.
A witness saw Irwin allegedly record one child in the hotdog section of the store, then pick up his cellphone and examine it, according to Irwin's arrest affidavit. Irwin then followed another girl and allegedly record beneath her skirt.
The witness reported the incident to the Publix service desk, according to the affidavit. Store employees did not tell police about the incident, but the manager said he would look over the Publix surveillance video.
Three weeks later, the same witness was again at Publix when he noticed Irwin reentering the store, according to the affidavit. The witness saw Irwin allegedly follow a teen girl to the produce section, then look "at his phone similar to what he was doing the first time," according to the arrest affidavit.
Orlando Police Department Scott Wesley Irwin placing his cell phone in his shopping basket. Scott Wesley Irwin placing his cell phone in his shopping basket. (Orlando Police Department)
The witness again told the manager, who reviewed the surveillance video, according to the affidavit. The manager then reported the incident to police, who investigated and arrested Irwin Thursday on suspicion of felony video voyeurism.
"This is a great example of 'If you see something, say something,'" Orlando police spokeswoman Michelle Guido said in a news release. "This customer [Gelalia] was astute enough to notify store management, who cooperated fully with our investigation."
Irwin bonded out of jail Thursday afternoon, according to Orange County jail records.
Another Publix customer was arrested Wednesday in an unrelated case after allegedly exposing his genitals to a 15-year-old Longwood girl, according to a Seminole County Sheriff's Office offense report.
The girl was shopping at the Longwood Publix on West State Road 434 when Melick Cook, of Altamonte Springs, allegedly exposed himself in the olive oil aisle, according to the offense report.
When the teen and her mother approached another aisle, the girl allegedly began to cry when she saw the 21-year-old Seminole State College student again.
"We can't go down that aisle," the daughter allegedly told her mother, according to the incident report. "That man showed me his penis while we were in the other aisle."
The mother immediately reported the alleged flashing to a manager, and watched the man "hastily" leave. The store manager got the license plate number and the mother called authorities.
In the 911 phone call, the mother said she was "afraid [Cook] would do it to someone else."
Cook was charged Thursday with indecent exposure of sexual organs, a first-degree misdemeanor, state attorney's office spokeswoman Lynne Bumpus-Hooper said. He remained in the Seminole County jail as of Thursday.
The Central Florida Publix spokesman did not immediately return requests for comment.
cdoornbos@orlandosentinel.com or 407-420-6931
In which the Jukebox is told it's not getting any dessert until it's finished its Monday singles…
Rachel Bowles: Musing about cunnilingus is the finest thing a person can do, if she's good at it. Narrowed down to just vagina-as-food songs, Perry's extended mixed-metaphor is still easily outclassed, even by Iggy Azalea. As evidenced in this list, cunnilingus anthems have been largely pioneered and perfected by Black women (Janet Jackson, Lil Kim, TLC, etc.) those with the double curse of misogynoir proudly contradicting the patriarchal capitalist message that vaginas are disgusting and only for fucking. A good cunnilingus song makes women high five on dance floors, feel sexy and genuinely empowered. Personally, I prefer obscene instructional songs (Khia, “My Neck, My Back“) over those with faux-coquettish metaphor (Christina Aguilera ft. Nicki Minaj, “Woohoo“) but in Blow, Beyonce found the perfect balance: sexy imagery with a direct order, delivered with female solidarity in the echoed “Turn that cherry out!” “Got me spread like a buffet” to some generic summer EDM synths just doesn't compare.
[3]
Iain Mew: Weird to hear a Katy Perry single where the lyrical issue isn't awkwardly cramming in sexual references, so much as incoherence as a result of failing to properly commit to the obvious cunnilingus angle. The low-key sweetness of the production and her restraint still makes it a better listen than most, and the two note-four note hop-skip in the chorus works even better than it did in Anne-Marie's “Ciao Adios.”
[6]
Katherine St Asaph: Christ, without Bonnie McKee's involvement Katy Perry really does go right back to One of the Boys leftovers with an Anne-Marie melody. In a just world, such a demonstration of value over replacement songwriter would earn McKee something, like maybe, I don't know, sales. In this one we get midtempo blahs I guess are supposed to signify sexiness, a cursory Migos feature fresh off their Capitol signing, and likely not even a hit to show for it.
[2]
Danilo Bortoli: Fabricating hatred has never been easier in 2017. “Bon Appétit” might have received all the negative press it deserves, but that happened for all the wrong reasons. Over time, however, consensus was formed: this is the most soulless Katy has been in years. Nothing works. Migos are out of place here (as a solo version proves). And, of course, the track seems like the result of a pun contest's last place entry (apparently, this is a real and tasteless thing). No joke intended — but the song itself, that is.
[2]
Alfred Soto: “Five-star Michelin,” eh? I'll say this about Katy's latest amuse-bouche: it follows through on its conceit. Confirming their A-list status, Migos gets relegated to muttered quavering non-entities.
[5]
Scott Mildenhall: You might feel differently, but Katy Perry singing “got me spread like a buffet” just has to be one of the worst musical moments of the year so far. As extended metaphors go, this one is executed very badly. “Table for two… I'm on the menu” — is she advocating autocannibalism? “Bon Appétit” has the ridiculousness of Perry's worst, most affectedly wacky singles, yet sounds like it's being played with a straight face, and that's quite a weird place to be. The shimmering production is enjoyable, but the words are so egregious that they're hard to ignore.
[4]
Cassy Gress: This is arguably the least sexy sex song I've ever heard. Katy Perry is singing through an A/C window unit, the song just rocks back and forth between B♭ minor and B major with no resolution, Migos stops by and contributes virtually nothing, and it's a bit too close to “GOBBLE GOBBLE” for comfort for me. It manages to come off as clinical despite never explicitly referencing sex; I know I'm sort of squeamish about sex talk, but blugh. I'd rather listen to “Touch It.“
[1]
William John: Katy Perry whispering unsexy, overwrought metaphors over boilerplate house reads poorly as a primer, but remains a more tantalising proposition than faded xeroxes of 80s synthpop with vacant “let's save the world” platitudes. A few extra marks for the intermittent whoops, which nod reverently to Crazy Cousins' classic “Inflation” (at least in my head) and Migos, who may have phoned in their guest spot but deliver it lithely nonetheless.
[5]
Katie Gill: Turns out “Chained to the Rhythm” was just a fluke! No, Katy Perry's going to continue to make songs about sex with dumb metaphors stretched to high heaven, warped into near unrecognition. It's an even tackier version of “Birthday”, where the best thing is the Migos break and the worst thing is the impossibly tacky dancehall stylings. Possibly the most interesting thing about this song is the cannibalistic implications — “I'm on the menu”? Really? — which has the potential to be thought provoking, so of course that means Perry's going to ignore it.
[3]
Joshua Copperman: Between “lemiteiku” and “the worldsbestcherryPIe”, this melodic math was a bit miscalculated. And that's before the chorus, which is possibly the worst Katy Perry melody ever, even counting “This Is How We Do”. Unusual for Max Martin, as far as I can tell, the chord progression is limited to B♭m-B the whole way through — apparently they couldn't even be bothered to use four chords. Migos' verses aren't bad, and I smiled at “appetite for seduction,” but those are all the positives I could think of for this half-assed song that makes me wish a portmanteau of somnambulance and cannibalism was possible (somnamibalism?). I assumed that “Bon Appétit” would grow on me over the summer, but as it's currently flopping after just one week of existence, I'll never even get the opportunity to hate-then-enjoy it.
[3]
Will Adams: Against my better judgment, I clicked on the Tasty video in which Katy Perry prepares the “world's best cherry pie” (take: this is an impossible task because there's no such thing as a cherry pie that's anything but gross). But my regret soon turned into high enjoyment as I listened to Katy ramble incoherently in some misguided attempt to create a Genius annotation live. As with “Chained to the Rhythm,” there's so much effort to legitimize the nonsense pouring out of her mouth: 1. She claims there are “Easter eggs” in the lyrics; I think she just means euphemisms. 2. What the hell kind of songs has she heard where “cherry pie” was not sexualized? 3. That she's trying to connect this to the cherry Chapstick in “I Kissed a Girl” shows she still hasn't realized she should probably disown that song. It's all so tiresome; “Birthday” worked because it leaned into the cheesiness, but “Bon Appétit” goes serious with its Cobb salad of food-based innuendo, a concept I've rarely heard executed well. Fold in some perfunctory Migos, overdress with the entire world's supply of reverb, and… oh fuck, now I'm doing it.
[4]
Anthony Easton: I adore the gossip about Perry's fighting around her new aesthetic with the label, who apparently is worried about sales. I have no idea if this will revive her fortunes; it's not quite anonymous, but it pushes her against Migos, and Migos wins — working against each other, doubling down on a cryptic chorus, becoming very close to being a hook singer. It's not sexy, even if it is about sex, and this kind of disembodied paen to the abstract idea of desire complicates Perry's previous perceptions. It's not quite a meal, but it does seem to have that vague whiff of nausea after eating too much candy.
[8]
Thomas Inskeep: I guess, seeing that “woke Katy” didn't exactly burn up the charts, her camp/label/some-combo-thereof decided “we better go back to the clumsy sex songs, fast!” Because, you know, nothing's sexier than hearing someone say they're “spread like a buffet.” (Pardon me while I throw up a little in my mouth.) I'm sad to hear Migos doing a clear cash-in bridge rap here, because they're so much better than this. Max Martin and Shellback's track isn't bad, but it's sonically awfully slight. Ironic to hear Perry saying “bon appétit,” because there's no major pop star whose music I find less appetizing.
[1]
Edward Okulicz: Pop stars get hot but they don't stay hot forever, and if this uninteresting ode to Katy Perry's vagina returns her to the top spot, then there is no explanation other than massive amounts of payola and a bunch of Capitol Records interns doing nothing but stream these 24 hours a day. I couldn't last 24 minutes of the title's non-punchline squeezed, against the laws of nature, into this non-chorus.
[2]
Jonathan Bradley: I have a Spotify playlist of Katy Perry songs that runs for about 50 minutes. That's not an extensive running time for a ten year long career, but it contains some songs that are very good and some songs that are very stupid and also some songs that are very good and very stupid at the same time. Perry has had five songs off a single album reach the top of the Billboard Hot 100 — as well as a sixth from a re-issued version. She's been risible and racist and homophobic and “woke” and “inspirational” and fantastic, and even birthed a meme from her Super Bowl performance, but on “Bon Appétit,” she's nothing. This is a public-domain club groove and a Migos verse that couldn't deliver the rap group unto dance even as effectively as Calvin Harris did. If, immediately after “Ur So Gay” dropped, someone time-travelled to 2017, could you convince them off the strength of this single that, in the interim decade, Katy Perry had been one of America's biggest pop stars?
[4]
A woman's body was stolen from a mausoleum at the Atlantic City Cemetery in Pleasantville last week. Police are searching for the people who did it, but have no leads. NBC10's Ted Greenberg spoke to the grandson of the woman who's body was taken. (Published Monday, July 30, 2012)
Grandson of Woman Whose Body Was Stolen Speaks Out
Police are searching for the people responsible for stealing a woman's body from a mausoleum at the Atlantic City Cemetery in Pleasantville last week.
Cemetery workers say the mausoleum's door was pried open and that the coffin that housed the body of Pauline Spinelli was empty inside.
“The person who came here came with the tools necessary to break into that,” Pleasantville Police Captain Rocky Melendez told NBC10's Ted Greenberg.
The empty coffin was discovered around on Friday, according to police.
Rock Stars: Then and Now
They say the body was stolen sometime between Thursday night and early Friday.
“You gotta think…they took her out of the box and threw her in the back of their car with them,” Spinelli's grandson Rocco told NBC10.
Spinelli was laid to rest inside the mausoleum with other family members in 1996. She was 98 years old when she died.
Police are working to determine if the theft of Spinelli's body may be connected to two others in Middlesex County. In 2010, the body of a 2-year-old was stolen and in 2011, a 72-year-old Joseph Lamela's body was taken, according to authorities
They're also investigating the possibility that Spinelli's remains were stolen for some sort of cult ritual.
"I don't want to see someone desecrate her body -- chop her up or make some sort of voodoo dust out of her," said Rocco Spinelli.
He just wants the thieves to bring his grandmom back, or else..."grandmom is going to haunt them for rest of their lives."
Paul Beatty, Deborah Levy, Graeme Macrae Burnet, Ottessa Moshfegh, David Szalay and Madeleine Thien are announced as the six shortlisted authors for the 2016 Man Booker Prize for Fiction.
Their names were announced by 2016 Chair of judges, Dr. Amanda Foreman, at a press conference at the offices of sponsor Man Group.
The judges remarked on the role of the novel in exploring culture and in tackling unfamiliar and challenging subjects, and on the shortlisted authors' willingness to play with language and form. The shortlist features a variety of voices, from new names to award winners. The books cover a diverse range of subjects, from murder in 19th century Scotland to classical music in Revolutionary China.
In the third year that the prize has been open to writers of any nationality, the shortlist is an even split between two British, two US and two Canadian writers. Three novels from Penguin Random House are shortlisted alongside three from small, independent publishers.
2016 Man Booker Shortlist
The 2016 shortlist of six novels is:
Author (nationality) - Title (imprint)
Paul Beatty (US) - The Sellout (Oneworld)
Deborah Levy (UK) - Hot Milk (Hamish Hamilton)
Graeme Macrae Burnet (UK) - His Bloody Project (Contraband)
Ottessa Moshfegh (US) – Eileen (Jonathan Cape)
David Szalay (Canada-UK) - All That Man Is (Jonathan Cape)
Madeleine Thien (Canada) - Do Not Say We Have Nothing (Granta Books)
Amanda Foreman comments:
‘The Man Booker Prize subjects novels to a level of scrutiny that few books can survive. In re-reading our incredibly diverse and challenging longlist, it was both agonizing and exhilarating to be confronted by the sheer power of the writing. As a group we were excited by the willingness of so many authors to take risks with language and form. The final six reflect the centrality of the novel in modern culture – in its ability to champion the unconventional, to explore the unfamiliar, and to tackle difficult subjects.'
Deborah Levy is the only previously-shortlisted author (for Swimming Home in 2012).
Oneworld is in the running again this year with Paul Beatty's The Sellout, following Marlon James' win with A Brief History of Seven Killings in 2015, which has gone on to sell over 360,000 copies in the UK and Commonwealth, as well as 120,000 in the US.
Granta makes the list with Do Not Say We Have Nothing after its success with Eleanor Catton's The Luminaries, which won in 2014. Eleanor Catton is adapting The Luminaries for the BBC, which will commence filming in New Zealand in 2017.
Fellow independent publisher Saraband appears on the shortlist for the first time with His Bloody Project, a significant achievement for the tiny Glasgow-based house run by two people.
Amanda Foreman is joined on the 2016 panel of judges by Jon Day, Abdulrazak Gurnah, David Harsent and Olivia Williams. The shortlist was chosen from 155 submissions, published in the UK between 1 October 2015 and 30 September 2016.
Luke Ellis, CEO of Man Group, comments:
‘On behalf of Man Group, I would like to congratulate the shortlisted authors. We are honoured to sponsor the Man Booker Prize, recognising the hard work and creativity of the authors of outstanding fiction. The Prize underscores Man Group's charitable focus on literacy and education as well as our commitment to excellence and creativity. Together with the wider charitable activities of the Booker Prize Foundation, the prize plays a very important role in promoting literary excellence that we are honoured to support.'
The 2016 winner announcement
The 2016 winner will be announced on Tuesday 25 October in London's Guildhall, at a black-tie dinner that brings together the shortlisted authors and well-known figures from the literary world. The ceremony will be broadcast by the BBC.
In the meantime, there will be a number of public events featuring the shortlisted authors, including two events at The Times & The Sunday Times Cheltenham Literature Festival (Saturday 15 October). The traditional Man Booker Prize Readings will take place at the Southbank Centre on the eve of the prize, 24 October, hosted by comedian and writer Sara Pascoe.
A special Man Booker Prize edition of Artsnight will air on BBC Two on Saturday 22 October. There will also be a range of further events with the winner, which will be announced in due course.
The shortlisted authors each receive £2,500 and a specially bound edition of their book. The winner will receive a further £50,000 and can expect international recognition.
For the first time ever, RNIB has ensured that braille versions of the shortlisted books are available in time for the announcement. The Booker Prize Foundation has a longstanding partnership with RNIB to provide Man Booker Prize books to the tens of thousands of blind and partially sighted members of the RNIB Library.
While it's known the Iranian Quds Force is aiding the Iraqi army and American armed drones currently patrol the skies above Baghdad, the list entities fighting the Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS) in Iraq just got a virtual addition. In a YouTube video message, an Anonymous splinter group called The Anonymous Message sets out the reasoning behind "Operation NO2ISIS," a hacking campaign targeting the cyber infrastructure of states sponsoring IS militants.
Though regional actors like the Iranians and Saudis see themselves as engaging in a crucial proxy war defending their geopolitical sphere of influence, Anonymous says it's acting on behalf of defenseless Iraqi citizens.
“The Iraqi people have gone through almost two weeks of sheer terror most of us will never know nor experience,” said the usual Guy Fawkes-mask wearing graphic in an automated audio voice. “These savages who have no religion or morality are bent on burning everything in their path, killing and pillaging as they go. They must be stopped.”
The video claims suspected IS hackers took control of their @TheAnonMessage Twitter account, tweeting graphic photos of an IS assault near Baghdad. The spokesperson in the video apologizes for the hack and says “steps have been taken” to secure their account from “future attempted hacks.”
Besides alleging that Al-Jazeera is a supporter of IS, claiming the Middle East media outfit tarnished its “reputation by spewing your lies and your treasonous support to ISIS” and who "will not escape us," Anonymous singles out three states for their alleged backing of the Islamic extremist group.
“To the state of Qatar, Turkey, and the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia; you will not escape our wrath. Evidence shows your continued support and supply to ISIS. If this does not promptly stop, we will be forced to unleash our entire legion against your pathetic excuse of a cyber-security,” said the message.
Courtesy of an unnamed source, Forbes is reporting that Anonymous is targeting IS sponsors because the group and its infrastructure has a limited virtual footprint vulnerable to their attacks. “We are unable to target ISIS because they predominately fight on the ground. But we can go after the people or states who fund them,” the source told Forbes contributor Jasper Hamill.
The same source claimed the style of attacks by the hackers responsible for infiltrating the @TheAnonMessage account were very similar to tactics employed by the Syrian Electronic Army—a group responsible for attacking the New York Times, Reuters, and the costly AP tweet claiming Barack Obama was injured by an explosion in the White House. According to Forbes claims by the Anonymous splinter group of a potential link-up between IS and the SEA, is an interesting development in a conflict that could seep into virtual battle spaces.
The Anonymous group isn't alone. Fresh from a jihadist brand-name change over the weekend (formerly the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria now just the “Islamic State” after declaring their very own Caliphate in northern Iraq), a hashtag belatedly emerged in Iraq in June—#No2ISIS—to combat the aggressive ISIS social media campaigns. The hashtag also seems to be the inspiration behind the Anonymous name for its operation targeting IS supporters.
But IS has so far shown little respect for the #No2ISIS hashtag, with online supporters mocking it. One suspected fighter under the moniker Al-Janabi, referred to the hashtag, inferring it was late to the online party:
Another active IS linked Twitter user tweeted similarly a week earlier, claiming the hashtag ignored Shiite war crimes:
Ultimately, the Anonymous Message video may amount to nothing, especially as the hacktivist organization continues to go through a bit of an identity crisis. Either way, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and Turkey should learn from recent Anonymous hacks and take precautions or expect some egg in the face.
The California Supreme Court's decision to uphold Proposition 8 in banning gay marriage is a setback not only for gay rights, but for the psychological and spiritual growth of our country. Gay marriage concerns far more than the 5-10% of our population that identifies as gay. America's deepest tradition is the protection and expansion of individual rights and freedoms with a goal of liberty and justice for all.
Today, the movement to overturn millennia of discrimination against gay people represents the next major expansion of individual rights and freedoms. Even as a straight man, I see this not just through the lens of fairness but as an essential part of the evolution of America. While most commentators see Proposition 8 as a temporary setback in the context of an otherwise clear march towards equality, it does provide an appropriate moment to reflect upon why gay marriage is important not just for gay people but for all Americans.
At the core of the debate is the right of same-sex couples to marry and receive the full benefits and blessings accorded others under the law. Marriage is the most sacred contract sanctioned by our nation, consecrating the love between two beings and forging a legal partnership that also creates a stronger container for families. As such, it is a key place where spiritual values meet secular values. So long as gay marriage is outlawed, we are, as a country, creating a definition of sacred that excludes 5-10% of our citizens and the way they love. This message creates a profoundly split social order and has insidious effects on the psychology of straight people as well.
The suffering that comes from this form of apartheid is not as obvious as when we have separate drinking fountains for "white" and "colored." And yet, the number of people directly affected is parallel to the 10% of the US population that was black in the 1950s and faced with "separate-but-equal" facilities.
The indirect effects of discrimination against gay people hurt everyone. For straight people, the lack of full sanction for gay relationships creates a more polarized social view of gender. Children are particularly sensitive to what is socially approved and what is not. Boys raised in a homophobic culture learn to overemphasize masculine qualities, fear feminine qualities, and create more macho personas, as well as to fear being "loving" with their male friends. Girls are similarly affected in a negative way. As both learn to be less authentic to their true nature in an effort to fit social ideals, they create long-term psychological challenges for themselves. The pain of inauthenticity flares up in substance abuse, violence, sexual dysfunction, isolation, and divorce. We all crave being loved for who we are. To the degree that we create an inauthentic facade, we never have the feeling of full loving acceptance.
Suicide rates have long been higher among homosexual teens and, by inference, we would expect that heterosexual teens with some same-sex attractions would also have lower self-esteem and higher suicide rates. A single suicide can have a devastating effect on dozens of other friends, families, and allies. I would know. One of my close friends from high school, who came out to me and a few others in college, was one of those suicide statistics and his sexual orientation certainly played a role in his eventual fate.
When we multiply negative self-esteem effects by millions, we realize how many social problems arise when homosexual feelings are defined as sinful or bad. The ban on same-sex marriage thus creates distortions in our children's development that have profound affects on our national health and happiness. For example, since we have a primarily male power structure in America, a more macho social ideal for masculine behavior leads to an overemphasis on aggression, which creates more conflict and violence than may be necessary. The costs to our society of our psychological gender imbalance may be enormous.
The legalization of gay marriage will not, by itself, alleviate all our society's imbalances. What it will do, though, is create a more expanded sense for what we hold as sacred and worthy of respect. That will trickle down, creating more permission for every child to be authentic to themselves and, in the end, forge a society with a healthier balance of masculine and feminine qualities, less conflict, and more overall happiness. This will not only have benefits for gay citizens but literally for all Americans.
For religious Christians who tend to be more strongly oriented to preserving the social order, legalizing same-sex marriage will ultimately allow an expansion of their heart. As it is now, Jesus admonition to "love thy neighbor as thyself" is at odds with the ban on same-sex marriages. By creating social approval for same-sex marriage, we eventually make it easier for religious people to put their core teachings into practice and love gay people fully.
The movement for gay marriage is, at the deepest level, a movement for the psychological and spiritual growth of our country. By honoring same-sex marriage in the same way as heterosexual unions, we send the signal to the next generation of children that their natural inclinations are, well, natural. This in turn allows all Americans to grow up in a more authentic way. Men can be less hyper-masculine or defended and women can be more connected and loving as well.
In this day and age, getting elected president of the United States is kind of like winning a golden ticket that brings you immeasurable wealth if you can make it through one or two hellish terms in office. It has become standard practice over the past few decades for presidents to cash in that golden ticket after leaving the White House.
It was disappointing but not terribly surprising, then, to learn this week that former President Barack Obama will follow in his predecessors' footsteps and cash in his ticket. Though Obama has already scored a lavish book deal rumored to be worth up to $60 million, plus royalties — more money than most people could ever dream of making, or spending, in their lifetime — it was reported on Tuesday by Fox Business that the former president has also agreed to give a speech in September for the Wall Street investment bank Cantor Fitzgerald. His fee will be $400,000. In other words, Obama will make in about one hour what an average American worker makes in about a decade.
Advertisement:
This news predictably vexed progressives, with Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., saying that she is “troubled” by the president's decision, and Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., calling it “unfortunate.” At the same time, the news delighted conservative pundits, who gleefully branded Obama a self-interested hypocrite. On “Fox & Friends,” conservative author Kristen Tate called it the “height of hypocrisy,” opining that “it's all about personal gain for Obama.” While almost all politicians “cash out” after leaving office, Tate continued, “Democrats end up looking more hypocritical than Republicans because it's the Democrats who constantly rail against greedy, rich bankers and rich businesspeople.”
Although Tate's critique was clearly motivated by partisan resentment, she was not altogether wrong to point out the contradictions between what many Democratic politicians say and what they actually do. After all, this was one of the major problems with the candidacy of Hillary Clinton, who was a bundle of contradictions. As a candidate, Clinton simultaneously criticized big money in politics, while raising over a billion dollars with the help of Wall Street bundlers and billionaire mega-donors — and it was her high-priced speeches for banks like Goldman Sachs and Deutsche Bank that eroded her credibility on issues like political corruption and income inequality.
Needless to say, there is a big difference between a former president and a potential presidential candidate raking in millions of dollars on the speaking circuit. As far as anyone knows, Obama is not planning to run for public office again in his lifetime. Nevertheless, the former president's decision does continue to set a bad precedent for American politics, while further undermining the credibility of his own party, which is currently trying to rebrand itself after last November's fiasco.
Today we are living in an era of populist politics. Economic inequality and political corruption have become major issues again not because of Bernie Sanders' presidential campaign, but because they have become increasingly severe problems over the past 40 years. It stands to reason, then, that the party that can effectively capture this populist spirit while offering a platform to confront these urgent problems will triumph in future elections.
Of course, it isn't quite that simple. As the Trump administration's recently unveiled tax plan reminds us, the Republican Party is and always will be committed to serving corporations and the billionaire class. Yet this hasn't stopped Republicans from effectively portraying their Democratic opponents as a bunch of snobby, out-of-touch elites over the past 30 years or so. According to a recent Washington Post survey, this rhetoric has paid off: Only 28 percent of respondents believed that the Democratic Party is “in touch with the concerns of most people in the United States.”
For a party hoping to rebrand itself as populist in 2018 and 2020, this is a disturbing finding. Decades of right-wing propaganda obviously have a lot to do with the Democratic Party's image problem, but it would be remiss not to place much of the blame on the party itself — just as it would remiss not to place some of the blame on Hillary Clinton for her own image problem.
Advertisement:
Though the irrational and visceral hatred that many Americans feel for Clinton stems from 20-odd years of conservative propaganda and “fake news,” it is also truer than Clinton is a flip-flopping politician with questionable ethics, close ties to Wall Street and corporate America, and a list of legitimate scandals on her résumé (though the list of pseudo-scandals is admittedly longer).
Similarly, the Democratic Party has done a great job over the years in facilitating the GOP's propaganda efforts. In his seminal 2004 book, “What's the Matter With Kansas,” author Thomas Frank makes an important point about how Republicans have been able to portray themselves as populist in recent decades, even while dutifully serving the 1 percent:
At the center of it all is a way of thinking about class that both encourages [the cultural] class hostility of the kind we see in Kansas and simultaneously denies the economic basis of the grievance. Class, conservatives insist, is not really about money or birth or even occupation. It is primarily a matter of authenticity, that most valuable cultural commodity. ... The erasure of the economic is a necessary precondition for most of the basic backlash ideas.
Frank goes to point out that, in some ways, right-wing populism is like an “old-fashioned leftist vision of the world with the economics drained out,” and that while leftists faulted capitalism “for botching this institution and that, the backlash thinkers simply change the script to blame liberalism.”
This is all true. But it is important to recognize — as Frank does in his latest book, “Listen, Liberal” — that the Democrats assisted right-wing populists and their propaganda efforts by abandoning economic populism and embracing neoliberalism toward the end of the 20th century. Thus, while the Republicans are the party of the billionaire class (i.e., the 1 percent), the Democrats have become the party of the professional class (i.e., the 10 percent).
Advertisement:
In order to capture the current populist energy and harness it toward progressive ends, the Democrats must once again embrace economic populism while defending the gains that have been made on social issues like LGBT rights. Unfortunately, Obama is not helping.
An update on the latest production numbers from the EIA along with graphs/charts of different oil production forecasts. This post is dedicated to the memory of Dr. Ali Morteza Samsam Bakhtiari who passed away last October.
Executive Summary:
Monthly production peaks are unchanged: All Liquids : the peak is still July 2006 at 85.47 mbpd (revised 0.07 mbpd), the year to date average production in 2007 (9 months) is 84.32 mbpd ( 0.04 mbpd), down 0.25 mbpd from 2006 for the same period. Crude Oil + NGL : the peak date remains May 2005 at 82.09 mbpd (unchanged), the year to date average production for 2007 (9 months) is 80.99 mbpd ( 0.21 mbpd), down 0.35 mbpd from 2006. Crude Oil + Condensate : the peak date remains May 2005 at 74.30 mbpd (unchanged), the year to date average production for 2007 (9 months) is 73.09 mbpd ( 0.14 mbpd), down 0.48 mbpd from 2006. NGPL : the peak date is still February 2007 at 8.01 mbpd ( 0.02 mbpd), the year to date average production for 2007 (9 months) is 7.90 mbpd ( 0.07 mbpd), up 0.13 mbpd from 2006. Decline in crude oil + condensate continues, however, there is a large increase in crude oil production in September by almost 1 mbpd (the largest monthly increase since July 2006). Two thirds of this increase are coming from OPEC. September 2007 estimate for crude oil + condensate is 73.50 mbpd compared to 73.47 mbpd one year ago and 73.92 mbpd two years ago. Average forecast : the average forecast for crude oil + NGL based on 13 different projections (Figure above) is showing a kind of production plateau around 81 +/- 4 mbpd with a decline after 2010 +/- 1 year.
mbpd= Million of barrels per day
Gb= Billion of barrels (10 9 )
Tb= Trillion of barrels (10 12 )
NGPL= Natural Gas Plant Liquids
CO= Crude Oil + lease condensate
NGL= Natural Gas Liquids (lease condensate + NGPL)
URR= Ultimate Recoverable Resource
EIA Last Update (September)
Data sources for the production numbers:
Production data from BP Statistical Review of World Energy 2006 (Crude oil + NGL).
EIA data (monthly and annual productions up to February 2007) for crude oil and lease condensate (noted CO) on which I added the NGPL production (noted CO+NGL).
The liquids peak is still July 2006 at 85.47 mbpd, the year to date average production value in 2007 (9 months) is down from 2006 for all the categories except for NGPL. The peak date for Crude Oil + Cond. remains May 2005 at 74.30 mbpd (see Table I below).
Fig 1.- World production (EIA data). Blue lines and pentagrams are indicating monthly maximum. Monthly data for CO from the EIA. Annual data for NGPL and Other Liquids from 1980 to 2001 have been upsampled to get monthly estimates. Click to Enlarge.
Category Sept 2007 Sept 2006 Sept 2005 12 Months1 2007 (9 Months) 2006 (9 Months) 2005 (9 Months) Share Peak Date Peak Value All Liquids 84.93 84.75 84.15 84.45 84.32 84.57 84.71 100.00% 2006-07 85.47 Crude Oil + NGL 81.29 81.26 80.77 81.10 80.99 81.34 81.58 95.72% 2005-05 82.09 Other Liquids 3.64 3.49 3.38 3.34 3.33 3.23 3.13 4.28% 2007-07 3.81 NGPL 7.79 7.79 7.37 7.88 7.90 7.77 7.76 9.18% 2007-02 8.01 Crude Oil + Condensate 73.50 73.47 73.40 73.22 73.09 73.57 73.81 86.54% 2005-05 74.30 Canadian Tar Sands 1.30 1.22 0.98 1.34 1.40 1.07 0.91 1.53% 2007-03 1.57
Business as Usual
Fig 4.- Production forecasts assuming no visible peak. Click to Enlarge.
PeakOilers: Bottom-Up Analysis
Fig 5.- Forecasts by PeakOilers based on bottom-up methodologies. Click to Enlarge.
PeakOilers: Curve Fitting
Fig 6.- Forecasts by PeakOilers using curve fitting methodologies. Click to Enlarge.
Forecast Date 2005 2006 2007 2010 2015 Diff2 Peak Date Peak Value All Liquids Observed (All Liquids) 84.63 84.60 84.39 NA NA 2006-07 85.47 IEA (WEO) 2004 82.06 83.74 85.41 90.40 98.69 -1.02 2030 121.30 IEA (WEO) 2005 84.00 85.85 87.64 92.50 99.11 -3.25 2030 115.40 Koppelaar 2005 84.06 85.78 86.61 89.21 87.98 -2.22 2011 89.58 Lahèrrere 2005 83.59 84.47 85.23 86.96 87.77 -0.83 2014 87.84 EIA (IEO) 2006 82.70 84.50 86.37 91.60 98.30 -1.98 2030 118.00 IEA (WEO) 2006 83.60 85.10 86.62 91.30 99.30 -2.23 2030 116.30 CERA1 2006 87.77 89.52 91.62 97.24 104.54 -7.23 2035 130.00 Lahèrrere 2006 83.59 84.82 85.96 88.93 92.27 -1.57 2018 92.99 Smith 2006 85.19 87.77 90.88 98.94 98.56 -6.49 2012-05 99.83 Crude Oil + NGL Observed (EIA) 81.46 81.33 81.02 NA NA 2005-05 82.09 GBM 2003 76.06 76.27 76.33 75.30 67.79 4.70 2007-05 76.34 Bakhtiari 2003 80.24 80.89 80.89 77.64 69.51 0.13 2006 80.89 ASPO-46 2004 81.00 80.95 80.80 80.00 73.77 0.22 2005 81.00 ASPO-58 2005 81.00 82.03 83.10 85.00 79.18 -2.08 2010 85.00 Staniford (High) 2005 77.45 77.92 78.31 79.01 78.51 2.71 2011-10 79.08 Staniford (Med) 2005 75.81 75.94 75.97 75.52 73.00 5.05 2007-05 75.98 Staniford (Low) 2005 70.46 70.13 69.71 67.92 63.40 11.32 2002-07 70.88 IEA (WEO) 2006 80.10 81.38 82.67 86.50 92.50 -1.65 2030 104.90 Koppelaar 2006 81.76 82.31 83.68 91.00 NA -2.65 2010 91.00 Skrebowski 2006 80.95 81.47 82.64 87.37 NA -1.62 2010 87.97 Smith 2006 80.53 82.81 85.45 91.95 88.60 -4.43 2011-02 92.31 Loglets 2006 81.12 82.14 83.02 84.65 83.26 -1.99 2012-01 84.80 ASPO-76 2006 77.92 79.00 81.35 90.00 85.00 -0.33 2010 90.00 Robelius Low 2006 81.45 82.19 82.50 81.84 72.26 -1.47 2007 82.50 Robelius High 2006 81.45 84.19 86.67 93.40 92.40 -5.65 2012 94.54 Shock Model 2006 80.76 80.43 80.01 78.27 73.74 1.01 2003 81.17 Crude Oil + Lease Condensate Observed (EIA) 73.81 73.54 73.14 NA NA 2005-05 74.30 ASPO-46 2004 72.80 72.56 72.25 71.00 63.55 0.88 2005 72.80 Deffeyes 2004 69.94 69.93 69.84 69.02 65.99 3.30 2005-12 69.95 ASPO-58 2005 73.00 73.80 74.65 76.00 69.50 -1.51 2010 76.00 IEA (WEO) 2006 70.80 71.78 72.77 75.70 80.30 0.37 2030 89.10 CERA1 2006 76.49 76.89 78.60 82.29 83.83 -5.47 2038 97.58 ASPO-76 2006 71.11 72.10 73.66 78.00 72.00 -0.53 2010 78.00 HSM 2007 NA 73.56 73.53 72.82 69.53 -0.39 2006 73.56 Ace 2007 NA 73.48 73.03 66.96 58.47 0.11 2006-01 73.55 Table II. Summary of all the forecasts (figures are in mbpd) as well as the last EIA estimates.1Productive capacities. 2Difference between the observed production for 2007 and the predicted value (in mbpd), the value in bold indicates the best forecast (i.e. the oldest with the lowest difference.
The following results are based on a linear or non-linear fit of a parametric curve (most often a Logistic curve) directly on the observed production profile:
Next update probably in March.
Previous Update:
OilWatch last issue:
Oilwatch - December 2007
Khebab@theoildrum.com
A 19-year-old Turkish woman is in critical condition after she was shot in the head following warnings that it wasn't appropriate for her to enter a singing talent contest.
A gunman slipped into the backyard of her family's home in the south eastern province of Diyarbakır and shot Mutlu Kaya through the window. No one has yet been apprehended in the attack.
Kaya had recently advanced through the early stages of a Turkish singing competition Sesi Çok Güzel, which is similar to Britain's Got Talent. After that which she began getting death threats from her father's tribe, reports the Hurriyet Daily News. "When they heard that I was going to join the competition, they told me they would kill me," Kaya reportedly told the show's production team.
She was also threatened by relatives after she travelled to Istanbul for the show, the Posta newspaper reported.
Kaya's talent had attracted the attention of a popular folk-pop Turkish singer Sibel Can. She flew to Diyarbakır to visit Kaya at the school cafeteria where she worked to encourage her to join Can's team at the competition. Before flying with Kaya to Instanbul for the show, she told the young singer's mother: "She has great artistic talent," and promised to look after her.
"My beautiful girl Mutlu, how could they wound you?" Can write on her Instagram account. "Her health situation is now critical. I wish for a speedy recovery."
Violence against women is on the increase in the nation with 294 killed last year, including hundreds killed by their husbands, reports the organization We Will Stop Women Murder Platform. Already this year 91 women have been killed, according to the group.
Four people were killed and at least 20 wounded in London on Wednesday after a car ploughed into pedestrians and an attacker went on a stabbing spree with a knife before being shot dead close to the British parliament.
London Metropolitan Deputy Police Commissioner Mark Rowley told reporters a "full counterterrorism investigation" into the attack was under way.
He said the violence started when a car was driven over Westminster Bridge, hitting and injuring a number of civilians and three police officers on their way back from a commendation ceremony.
The car then crashed close to parliament where at least one man armed with a knife continued the attack and tried to enter the building.
Many people were lying on the ground - some bleeding heavily and apparently unconscious - on Westminster Bridge near Britain's parliament.
Some of the wounds suffered by the victims were described as "catastrophic". One woman was pulled out alive from the River Thames with serious injuries by port authorities.
Prime Minister Theresa May condemned the attack as "sick and depraved".
"The location of this attack was no accident," she said in a statement outside her Downing Street office late in the evening.
"The terrorist chose to strike at the heart of our capital city, where people of all nationalities, religions and cultures come together to celebrate the values of liberty, democracy and freedom of speech."
Witnesses initially reported multiple attacks near parliament.
"We saw a black vehicle at full speed and it ran down a number of people. I could see people flying all around," tourist Babi Nagy told Al Jazeera. "Immediately it came to mind this was a terrorist attack."
Polish politician and journalist Radoslaw Sikorski posted a video on Twitter of the aftermath on the bridge, showing several injured people lying on the ground.
A car on Westminster Bridge has just mowed down at least 5 people.pic.twitter.com/tdCR9I0NgJ — Radosław Sikorski (@sikorskiradek) March 22, 2017
Another witness said he saw victims scattered along the street.
"As I was walking up the steps, there was a man who had fallen and medics were taking care of him. There was a lady who was also stabbed or shot. There was a lot of blood," Martin Pearce, visibly shaken, told Al Jazeera at the scene.
Security analyst Afzal Ashraf said extra vigilance by the public and authorities was now necessary.
"One of the features of these forms of attacks is a follow-on attack. They like to have publicity. The potential threat is huge," Ashraf said.
The last major attack to hit London was in July 2005, when a coordinated series of bomb blasts targeted its public transportation system during rush hour. The bombings killed 52 people and wounded more than 700 others.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan said on Twitter that an urgent investigation had been launched. "My thoughts are with those affected and their families," he said.
International messages of condolence were offered to the United Kingdom.
Chancellor Angela Merkel said Germany stood by Britain following the deadly attack.
"Although the background to these acts are not yet clear, I reaffirm that Germany and its citizens stand firmly and resolutely alongside Britons in the struggle against all forms of terrorism," Merkel said in a statement.
US President Donald Trump offered May the full cooperation and support of the United States in responding to the attack, the White House said in a statement.
If you think Europe's royal families had a limited gene pool after centuries of inbreeding, consider the Neandertals of Siberia. In a report on the most complete genome of a Neandertal ever sequenced, an international team of researchers has found that the parents of a Neandertal woman from Siberia were as closely related as half-siblings.
The genome also shows that at some point the Neandertals interbred with other human groups, including their cousins the Denisovans, and our own modern human ancestors. There are even signs of Denisovans interbreeding with a mysterious archaic species. In all, the study suggests very close encounters among the several kinds of hominins living in the past 125,000 years. The detailed genome of the extinct Neandertals—our closest relatives—also offers a new look at the genetic differences that set our species apart from all the others.
The Neandertal DNA came from a toe bone, which dates to as old as 50,000 years ago, found in 2010 at the bottom of Denisova Cave in the Altai Mountains of Siberia. DNA from a finger bone from the cave revealed the identity of a new type of human in 2010—the Denisovans, who were close relatives of Neandertals. The cold cave preserved the DNA in both the Neandertal toe bone and Denisovan finger bone so well that a team led by Svante Pääbo, a paleogeneticist at the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig, Germany, was able to produce high-quality genomes, in which each position of DNA was sequenced on average 50 times over. Although the group published a draft sequence patched together from different Neandertals in Europe in 2010, it was of much lower quality and had many gaps.
By comparing this Siberian Neandertal's genome directly with the genetic codes of the Denisovan, another Neandertal from the Caucasus and 25 modern humans, Pääbo and his colleagues could tell that this Siberian Neandertal was the product of inbreeding and that her ancestors also chose their mates from their extended family. This suggests that this Neandertal woman came from a small, isolated population, the team reports online today in Nature. Researchers have known for several years that Neandertals in Europe had far less genetic diversity than modern humans alive at the same time. But “it was surprising that they were half-sibs or something like that,” Pääbo says.
The genome also revealed cases of interbreeding, in which Neandertals exchanged DNA with our species (Homo sapiens) and Denisovans. Today, living humans outside of Africa have inherited about 1.5% to 2% of their DNA from Neandertals, the paper suggests, matching previous estimates.
Not only did Neandertals, Denisovans, and modern humans interbreed, but the researchers have also detected DNA from an even more archaic human —perhaps Homo erectus—in the genome of Denisovans. “Interbreeding, albeit of low magnitude, occurred among many hominin groups,” the authors write in the new report. Co-author Montgomery Slatkin, a population geneticist at the University of California, Berkeley, explains that “the rate of interbreeding, meaning the fraction of genes exchanged between populations is typically small, 1-5% or so.”
Given repeated incidents of interbreeding but only small amounts of archaic DNA getting passed on to future generations, it seems that different groups of archaic humans mixed it up with each other whenever they could, but that these encounters were rare. Or, it is possible that biological or cultural barriers prevented the offspring from surviving, Pääbo says.
Now that Pääbo and his colleagues have high-quality copies of Neandertal and Denisovan DNA, they also are compiling a genome-wide catalog of DNA that is unique to Homo sapiens—sites where present-day people differ from Neandertals and Denisovans. So far, they have identified unique sequences of DNA involved in the development of neurons in the neocortex of the human brain, including early in fetal development, although they can't yet say what each gene does. “Now we can go after these differences and study them,” Pääbo says. “The catalog is really pointing to the future.”
Other researchers note that this high-quality Neandertal genome is the culmination of a project that was considered bold when Pääbo launched it in 2006. “The correct sequencing of Neandertal DNA is an important achievement,” says geneticist Tomas Lindahl of London Research Institute. “The most remarkable achievement … has been to show that genetically meaningful and credible sequence data can be obtained from this fossil[s].” He is particularly interested in finding genes that modern humans have inherited from Neandertals that either cause disease or protect us from it.
There is now “evidence of mixture with even more ancient lineages,” notes paleoanthropologist Milford Wolpoff of the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, who has long championed the idea of such mixture throughout human evolution. “These are exciting times for prehistorians.”
In the 1990's Laurance Rockefeller became interested in paranormal phenomena, especially with UFOs and extraterrestrial visitation. He funded scientific investigations and organized and funded a briefing document to record the best evidence (Open Minds journalist, Antonio Huneeus was a key contributor to this document). Rockefeller also conferred with the Clintons regarding the release of files by President Bill Clinton.
Researcher Grant Cameron, who runs the website HillaryClintonUFO.net, was able to retrieve documents through the Freedom of Information Act that showed Rockefeller was soliciting help from Hillary's staff on drafting a document to President Bill Clinton in 1995. The title of the document was: Lifting Secrecy on Information About Extraterrestrial Intelligence as Part of the Current Classification Review.
In August of 1995 the Clintons made a trip to Rockefeller's JY Ranch near Jackson's Hole, Wyoming. Many speculate that UFOs and ETs must have been a subject of conversation during the visit. However, there has never been any proof of this, until now.
In these famous pictures of Hillary and Rockefeller walking on a wooded path during the visit, Hilary is holding a book. For years researchers have been trying to figure out which book she is holding, to find out if it would provide clues as to the nature of their conversation. Finally, Tonio Cousyn (known as elevenaugust at Open Minds Forum) has figured it out. He discovered that the book is Paul Davies' Are We Alone? Philosophical Implications of the Discovery of Extraterrestrial Life. The images below show how he discovered this.
Amazon describes the book as: “The authentic discovery of extraterrestrial life would usher in a scientific revolution on par with Copernicus or Darwin, says Paul Davies. Just as these ideas sparked religious and philosophical controversy when they were first offered, so would proof of life arising away from Earth. With this brief book (160 pages, including two appendices and an index), Davies tries to get ahead of the curve and begin to sort out the metaphysical mess before it happens. Many science fiction writers have preceded him, of course, but here the matter is plainly put. This is a very good introduction to a compelling subject.”
Paul Davies is a theoretical physicist, cosmologist, astrobiologist, and award winning bestselling author. He is currently director of the Beyond Center of Fundamental Concepts in Science and co-director of the Cosmology initiative at Arizona State University. He even has an asteroid named after him. He has often written about the SETI project, and the philosophical ideas behind extraterrestrial contact. In November of 2009, he was a speaker at the Vatican's Pontifical Academy of Sciences' Study Week on Astrobiology event.
Although we do not know whether Hillary brought the book or if Rockefeller gave it to her, it does confirm that extraterrestrial life was part of their conversation.
For more information on the Clinton's UFO history read our story on Obama and UFOs, or for detailed information visit Grant Cameron's HillaryClintonUFO.net and PresidentialUFO.com.
Special thanks to Angelia Joiner for her help with this story.
Popular Posts:
The higher order structure of proteins and peptides is generally remarkably tolerant of modifications of primary structure:1 the serine proteases, for example, display similar tertiary structures and have near‐identical functions across a wide range of organisms, despite variations in their primary sequence of up to 50 %.2 Indeed, it can be argued that the tolerance of variation in protein structure is what allows the process of random mutation and natural selection to proceed.3 Nonetheless, there are some proteins in which a small conformational change, such as the cis/trans isomerisation of a proline residue, is sufficient to modulate function.4, 5
Foldamers6 are synthetic analogues of biomolecules7 into which conformational features are programmed to allow biomimetic function.8-10 Never having been subjected to the process of evolution, it is to be expected that the designed structures of foldamers contain less redundancy than natural proteins, allowing small modifications to result in gross changes in structural features. Foldamers have thus been designed that undergo conformational switches as a result of changes in solvent, temperature, non‐covalent ligand binding or modifications to the foldamer backbone.11-14
Here we show that even a change as minimal as insertion or deletion of a single hydrogen bond, initiated by a photochemical switch or a change in pH, may lead to a global conformational switch in a group of peptide‐like foldamers. The foldamers in question were designed to favour strongly a global helical conformation by building them from the powerfully helicogenic quaternary amino acid Aib. Homo‐oligomers of Aib of greater than three residues are essentially entirely 3 10 helical,15-20 especially in non‐polar solvents.21 Oligomers of Aib diverge subtly from Gellman's original definition of a foldamer,6 since they populate not one but two principal conformations of opposite screw sense: in an entirely achiral oligomer these rapidly interconverting conformers22 are enantiomeric and therefore necessarily isoenergetic.
The two screw‐sense conformers of an Aib oligomer may be desymmetrised by ligation to a chiral terminus,23-33 which leads to an imbalance in the population of the two interconverting screw‐sense conformers.34,35 This imbalance may be quantified by NMR,27 and a C terminal AlaNHR residue, for example, may induce a 99:1 preference for right‐handed screw sense in an attached Aib oligomer chain.25 The ability of a terminal residue to induce a screw‐sense preference is allied to the way in which it organises the final β turn of the 3 10 helices, and we set out to devise systems in which the simple addition or deletion of a hydrogen bond was sufficient to lead to a fundamental change in the structure of this structure and hence a global modification of conformation.
Oligomer 4 bearing Ala as a C terminal inducer of screw‐sense preference was synthesised as shown in Figure 1. The C terminal hydrogen bond of the Ala residue was “erased” chemically by functionalisation as a tertiary amide derivative using the photosensitive 5‐bromo‐7‐nitroindoline (Bni) 1,36 which was ligated to l‐alanine without racemisation37, 38 to give 2 as a coupling partner. Alaninamide 2 was coupled to an Aib pentamer 3 in which the N terminal residue was enantioselectively isotopically enriched with 13C in its pro‐R and pro‐S methyl groups in a 75:25 ratio,39 giving the helical25 oligomer 4.
Figure 1 Open in figure viewerPowerPoint Photochemically‐induced refolding of a left‐handed into a right‐handed helix. Insets: a) portion of 13C NMR spectrum of 4; b) portion of 13C DEPT NMR spectrum of 5 in [D 8 ]THF.
VT 13C NMR studies27, 33 of 4 showed that it displayed a 72:28 preference40 for a left‐handed41 screw sense at 25 °C in THF (Figure 2 a). The left‐handed helical oligomer 4 was irradiated at 360 nm for 1 h in [D 8 ]THF in the presence of an excess of isopropylamine. Under these conditions, the tertiary amide fragments to a reactive O‐acyl nitronate,36 which is trapped by the amine to form secondary amide 5 in 97 % yield. The exchange in position of the major and minor signals in the 13C NMR spectrum of 5 (Figure 2 b) indicated that the oligomer has entirely refolded from a left‐ to a right‐handed helix as a result of this photochemically‐induced switch of a tertiary for a secondary amide. 5 adopts a P screw sense41 with a 99:1 helical ratio.41 The helical inversion presumably results from the introduction of a new hydrogen bond donor at the C terminus of the oligomer,25 inducing the formation of new β‐turn (as shown for 5) in place of the extended structure at the C terminus of 4, and thus the global reversal of screw‐sense preference.
The selective deletion or re‐formation of a terminal hydrogen bond could alternatively be achieved by removal or addition of a single proton by treatment with base or acid. Achieving the regioselectivity necessary for selective deprotonation/reprotonation of a compound containing numerous N−H bonds requires the incorporation of a structure that induces a substantial decrease in pK a of a specific N−H group. Metal ions such as Ni2+ or Cu2+ coordinate amino acid residues in peptides through their amide N atoms, acidifying the amide group and lead to spontaneous deprotonation.42, 43 A metal binding site was thus ligated to the C‐terminus of foldamer 8 with the aim of localising binding of a metal to the C terminal amide linkage and promoting deprotonation of the C‐terminal N−H (Figure 2, shown in orange). To give well‐defined monomeric structures, the tridentate tren structure 6 was chosen as a binding site to satisfy three of the metal ion's coordination sites. Tetramine 6 was selectively doubly Boc protected at its primary amino groups44 and ligated to l‐alanine to yield 7, which was coupled to labelled foldamer 3 to give 8.
Figure 2 Open in figure viewerPowerPoint pH‐induced refolding of a left‐handed into a right‐handed helix. S=solvent. Insets: a) Change in 1H NMR spectrum on addition of 0–2.2 equiv Zn(ClO 4 ) 2 to 8. b–f) Portions of 13C NMR spectrum of 8 (b) after complexation with Zn2+; c) after adding Bu 4 NOH (1.1 equiv); d) after adding AcOH (1.1 equiv); e) after adding further Bu 4 NOH (1.1 equiv); f) after adding further AcOH (1.1 equiv).
In order to allow analysis by NMR, the C terminal amide NH bond of 8 was acidified with Zn2+ (rather than Cu or Ni) cations.43 Zn(ClO 4 ) 2 ⋅6 H 2 O was added in portions to a solution of the oligomer 8 in CD 3 OH. 1H NMR (Figure 3 a) showed a significant change in chemical shift of only one NH, identified as the C terminal NHCH 2 of the helix by its triplet multiplicity. The signal migrated from δ 7.78 to 9.02 ppm on addition of 1 equiv of Zn(ClO 4 ) 2 , but shifted very little on further addition of the salt, confirming the 1:1 metal binding stoichiometry. The 13C spectrum of the complex (Figure 3 b) showed that the oligomer retained its right‐handed screw sense.
The downfield shift suggests acidification of the NH group by coordination of the terminal amide to Zn, but not spontaneous deprotonation. The complex formed from 8 and 1.1 equiv Zn(ClO 4 ) 2 ⋅6 H 2 O was therefore treated with Bu 4 NOH (1.1 equiv), a base with a non‐coordinating counterion. As a result, the NHCH 2 group disappeared from the 1H NMR spectrum (Figure 3 a). The 13C NMR spectrum also showed a change in the position of the major and minor 13C labels,14 indicating a switch from in screw sense from P in 8H⋅Zn2+ (Figure 3 b, with anisochronicity 1966 ppb, corresponding to 9:91 screw‐sense preference) to M in 8⋅Zn+ (Figure 3 c, anisochronicity 860 ppb, corresponding to 68:32 screw‐sense preference).25 Neutralisation of the base with acetic acid (1.1 equiv) gave a 13C NMR spectrum (Figure 3 d) similar to that of 8H⋅Zn2+, indicating complete restoration of the original screw‐sense preference. A second addition of base (Figure 3 e) and then acid (Figure 3 f) confirmed the repeatability of the pH‐directed refolding process, allowing interconversion of the two conformers.
Natural conformationally switchable proteins such as rhodopsin and other G‐protein coupled receptors function by setting in progress a chemical transformation as a result of a conformational change.45, 46 In order to allow synthetic analogues related to 4 and 8 the potential to translate a conformational change into a detectable change in chemical reactivity, we devised a range of achiral catalytic sites based on modifications of Takemoto's aminothiourea catalysts,47 and appended them to the N terminus of a right‐handed helical structure bearing a C terminal alanine residue. The resulting foldamers 9 a–f contain a catalytically active site with no local chirality, whose conformation may nonetheless be induced to be asymmetric by a remote stereogenic centre two helical turns, or 13–16 bonds, away. These foldamers were used to catalyse the addition of dimethyl or diethyl malonate to β‐nitrostyrene (Figure 3 and Table 1). Only the less sterically hindered catalysts 9 e and 9 f were successful (entries 5–7); conversion with 9 a–9 d was low (entries 1–4), irrespective of an anticipated beneficial Thorpe–Ingold effect.48 Despite the spatial separation of the catalytic site from the source of asymmetry, enantiomeric ratios of ca. 75:25 were obtained in favour of the R enantiomer of the product 10, rising to 82:18 with dimethylmalonate as the nucleophile (entry 7). A control experiment (entry 8) in which the catalytic site and the asymmetric centre were located in different molecules demonstrated that the asymmetric induction was the result of intramolecular conformational induction: a 1:1 mixture of thiourea 9 g and CbzGlyAib 4 AlaNHtBu 9 h catalysed the formation of 10 in 68 % yield in essentially racemic form.
Figure 3 Open in figure viewerPowerPoint Catalytic foldamers with a remotely inducible catalytic site.
Table 1. Optimisation of a remotely inducible catalytic site: 9 as a catalyst for malonate addition to nitrostyrene (Figure 4). Entry Cat. 9 R1 R2 R3 n= % 10[a] er[b] 10 1 9 a H Me Et 0 <5[c] – 2 9 b H Me Et 1 <5[c] – 3 9 c Me H Et 0 <5 – 4 9 d Me H Et 1 5, 12[d] 74:26 5 9 e H H Et 0 33, 70[e] 71:29 6 9 f H H Et 1 64 75:25 7 9 f H H Me 1 85 82:18 8[f] 9 g + 9 h – – – – 68 52:48
We propose that the asymmetric addition to nitrostyrene proceeds through a transition state approximating to that illustrated in Figure 4.49 Hydrogen bonding between the acidic malonate and the piperidine function at the N terminus of the P helix allows attack on the lower face of the thiourea‐bound nitrostyrene with the malonate ester substituents and nitrostyrene phenyl group avoiding the steric clash that would arise from attack on the other face of the nitrostyrene were inverted. The preferential formation of (R)‐10 involves organocatalysis proceeding with unprecedentedly remote33, 50, 51 intermolecular 1,22 asymmetric induction.
The optimal catalytic site of 9 f was coupled to an oligomer carrying at its C terminus the photoswitchable AlaBni residue, giving foldamer catalyst 11. Addition of this catalyst to a mixture of dimethylmalonate and nitrostyrene in dichloromethane gave, after 18 h, (S)‐10 in 37:63 er (Figure 5). The catalyst was then irradiated at 360 nm in the presence of isopropylamine, converting the tertiary amide into a secondary amide and inducing the helix to refold into a left‐handed conformation. The catalyst was again added to a mixture of dimethylmalonate and nitrostyrene in dichloromethane to give, after 72 h, a 78 % yield of (R)‐10 in 77:23 er. Asymmetric organocatalysts with stereoselectivity switchable52 by light,53 by solvent54 or electrochemically55 have been reported, as have catalysts based on helical polymers with invertible screw sense.56, 57 In this “allosteric” example, the switchable source of asymmetric induction is remote from the site of catalysis and its sterochemical influence is relayed unidirectionally through a helical chain. The induced remote reversal of enantioselectivity demonstrates that insertion of a single hydrogen bond at a remote site in a refoldable molecule is sufficient to induce a global conformational switch that translates information about a small change in structure into a chemically significant, detectable result.
Figure 5 Open in figure viewerPowerPoint Photochemical refolding of a catalytic foldamer with consequent inversion of the sense of asymmetric induction.
NEW YORK -- The cup of hot tea and slightly raspy voice suggested that the pride of a nation might be fighting something other than a cold. It was his 21st birthday, after all, and he was in New York City. A hangover would be understandable, if not expected.
But Zemgus Girgensons, the young center for the Buffalo Sabres and Latvian national team and unlikely All-Star, quickly explained that he had spent part of his off day walking around outside the Sabres' Times Square hotel, where the January temperatures and the thousands of tourists on Broadway had conspired to give him a cold.
"It's like, how many people are in New York?" he wondered with a chuckle. "In Latvia, we've only got 2 million people. That's the crazy part."
Riga, Latvia's capital and Girgensons' hometown, is a world away, both geographically and culturally, but the country's lone full-time representative in the NHL has -- however unintentionally -- bridged the gap in the most peculiar 21st-century of ways: through an online popularity contest.
Hockey in the U.S boasts a relatively smaller fan base possessed of a unique knowledge and passion for the game. Still, when asked to name their sport's best, most popular players, fans wouldn't likely deviate from listing a familiar core of Sidney Crosby, Jonathan Toews, Patrick Kane, Alex Ovechkin, Steven Stamkos, Henrik Lundqvist et al.
Those are all names one would expect to see headlining the ballot for the All-Star Game, to be played Jan. 25 in Columbus, Ohio, after a two-year hiatus due to the 2012 lockout and the Sochi Olympics.
Few outside of Latvia would think of Zemgus Girgensons.
Sure, the Sabres selected him 14th overall in the 2012 draft, the highest slot ever for a Latvian player. He had spent some time in the now-defunct Eastern Junior league as a 15-year-old before jumping to the USHL's Dubuque Fighting Saints for two seasons, followed by time with the Rochester Americans of the AHL before joining the Sabres last season. Girgensons has scored only 19 goals and tallied 42 points in 111 NHL games, respectable numbers for a new player on a young, struggling team, but surely unworthy of an All-Star nod.
Somebody forgot to mention that to the fans.
Zemgus Girgensons got more All-Star votes than anyone else in the league.
Zemgus Girgensons, All-Star Game starter! Bill Wippert/Getty Images
When fan voting wrapped up on Jan. 1, Girgensons finished with 1,574,896 votes. His closest competition -- almost 350,000 votes behind -- was Kane, he of the two Stanley Cup rings and one Conn Smythe Trophy, with 1,232,201.
For those who would cry foul or allege a rigged system, save it. There are no improprieties here, no evidence of gerrymandering, a possibility that Brian Jennings, chief marketing officer for the NHL, quashed last month in an interview with The New York Times.
"It is vetted, and the votes are legit," he said. "It's a big amount of fans that are coming from Latvia that are getting their vote out."
Girgensons credits Latvian television networks and the power of social media for spreading word of the online vote throughout his country.
One person can vote up to 10 times from one device in a 24-hour period and, according to the NHL, 79 percent of Girgensons' vote total came from Latvia. In July, Riga named itself the "European Capital of Wi-Fi," which might be a partial explanation.
Regardless, it is a hockey-crazed nation, and its citizens have latched on to its star.
"It's always been a big deal back home," Girgensons said about the passion for hockey in his homeland. "Even as kids, we'd have people watching us; family is always there, everyone's all about it. When you're a kid, the national team is the one that you root for."
Girgensons was a bright spot for a Latvian team that had been largely ignored on the national stage. He had played a key role for Latvia in the 2014 Olympics, where he scored his only goal of the tournament against Sweden's Lundqvist. Helmed by current Sabres head coach Ted Nolan, Latvia made a surprising run to the quarterfinals in Sochi, where it fought powerhouse Canada to the final horn. Goaltender Kristers Gudlevskis, 21, a prospect in the Tampa Bay Lightning organization, delivered a masterpiece 55-save performance, but ultimately the Canadians escaped with a 2-1 victory. Latvia finished the Olympics in eighth place, its best showing ever, and Girgensons' national profile increased.
He doesn't get to spend that much time in the country that raised and loves him, but when he returns to Riga for a few weeks each summer, he tries to keep a low profile. Still, his fellow citizens have a way of finding him when he's around.
The trope of the humble hockey player, averse to individual attention and committed to being one of "the boys," is well worn, but that's because it's generally true. Girgensons is no exception.
He is amused, and maybe even embarrassed, by the whole All-Star thing. When a phenomenon as idiosyncratic and implausible as Girgensons' ascent to the top of the All-Star leaderboard occurs, it makes sense that people would take notice. That doesn't mean that Girgensons or his teammates pay it much mind.
Sabre fans seem to love them some Zemgus Girgensons. Bruce Bennett/Getty Images
"I don't know, we didn't talk about it in the locker room," he said. "They make jokes sometimes, but at the end they just congratulate me. ... Sometimes I get a little hard time, but I'm still young, so I get a hard time even when it's not about [the All-Star votes]. It's part of the locker-room style. It's always been there. It's always going to be there.”
The chances he will get cocky about his All-Star status are nil: "I would get eaten alive, that's for sure," he said.
Girgensons said that the media attention has intensified, but he, ever the hockey player, insists he is focused solely on becoming a better player and helping the Sabres emerge from the dregs of the league standings.
In Latvia, though, he is a constant topic of national discussion.
"TV shows it every day," he said. "It's crazy there, so it's been the main focus for them for a long time. I never really got into it, didn't look at it, but my family said they were going pretty crazy back home. ... We just have crazy hockey fans."
Girgensons' path to the All-Star Game is an odd one, of course, because -- excluding Olympians in individual sports -- how often does an athlete have the singular support of an entire nation? And, of all places, Latvia? Girgensons laughed when he pointed out that while he was proud and honored to positively represent his country, he figured that many fans would now be Googling where and what Latvia is.
#28 C
Buffalo Sabres
2014-15 STATS
GM 41
G11
A9
PTS20
+/--5
PIM 19
He wants to make sure he immerses himself in the All-Star experience so that he -- along with family members from Latvia who had to reschedule a previously planned vacation to Costa Rica -- can enjoy it all, but he doesn't know what to expect in Columbus.
"I have no clue how it works, so I'm just relying on people to give me some idea of what's going to be going on, and just go there and make the most of it," he said. "It can't be bad, that's for sure."
As a competitive professional athlete, Girgensons, naturally, aspires to return to the All-Star Game on his own merit. For now, he recognizes his unique position as the hero of the country that has shown him unprecedented support.
"It's a little bit funny with all the voting stuff, but that's how it is," he said as he finished his tea and adjusted his toque before heading back up to his room to fight his cold in peace.
"Definitely later in life, if you can make it on your own to the All-Star Game, that's a satisfaction for yourself. This is more satisfaction for the fans."
This image obtained from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration shows Huricane Irma (R) on September 3, 2017 (AFP Photo/Jose ROMERO)
Washington (AFP) - Barely a week after Hurricane Harvey devastated large swaths of the US Gulf coast, Americans on the East Coast on Sunday were warily watching the progress of another major storm, Hurricane Irma.
For now, those fears are mostly speculative, as the Category 3 storm remains far out in the Atlantic. Its track is, as the Weather Channel described it, "still uncertain and difficult."
But some forecasters projected a turn north that could target a large swath of the heavily populated mid-Atlantic region on the East Coast.
The US National Hurricane Center, in an advisory issued at 11 am (1500 GMT), said the storm has maximum sustained winds of 115 mph (185 kph), with some strengthening expected during the next 48 hours.
It cautioned those in the Leeward Islands -- situated where the northeastern Caribbean meets the western Atlantic -- to "monitor the progress of Irma," adding that parts of those islands might face hurricane or tropical storm watches by evening.
The islands, also known as the Society Islands, have a population of just over 30,000.
But as to "Hazards Affecting Land" from Irma, the NHC said Sunday that, for now, there were "none."
Related Video:
Call it the Great Meat Tampering of 2017.
At least, that's about what Boulder, Colorado police would have you call a protest at Whole Foods-owned Ideal Market that has received a comically heavy-handed response worthy of the Trump era.
This past Sunday, sophomore Ateret Goldman of Boulder's New Vista High School and fellow activist Maximilian Knight with the animal rights network Direct Action Everywhere (DxE) entered a Whole Foods store in Boulder, Colorado. Goldman stepped behind the meat counter and delivered a speech about the Golden Rule. Knight filmed. Goldman applied the rule to animals, whom we often ignore. She declared, “When I walk into Whole Foods, that compassion [of the Golden Rule] seems to have gone nowhere.”
Goldman placed flowers on a few of the steaks in the butcher's cabinet, calmly left the store with Knight, and went to school on Monday.
Join the DxE action team to support Goldman and others taking action for animals.
At 10:00 Monday morning, Goldman found herself in the headlines of the local paper. “Police: Protesters chanting ‘meat is murder' ruin $1,000 worth of food at Boulder's Ideal Market,” the Daily Camera declared. The headline was puzzling. Goldman had not chanted “meat is murder.” She had not tampered with $1K worth of “meat.” She had had no contact with the police.
Even the notion of her and Knight as “suspects” was bizarre; this was a public act of protest in which they made no effort to hide their identities. They gave a speech for members of the public and deliberately sought to get people to listen.
Later Monday afternoon, Goldman learned there was a potential cash reward for information on her and Knight. This was shortly after DxE put out a press release and shortly before DxE put out a video of the protest. For the paid detectives in the Boulder police department, though, the “suspects'” identities were a mystery.
What makes the whole episode more bizarre is that it highlights the very ideas Goldman was protesting. Goldman, in her own words, went into the Whole Foods to protest against the idea that animals are property. People across the United States hold funerals for their dogs and cats, mourn them, and bury them in their backyards. Goldman sought to do the same thing for other animals. In response, what was she accusing of? Tampering with property.
Daily Camera The “suspects” inside Boulder's Ideal Market.
Goldman stands accused, moreover, by a store that markets itself as a progressive grocer with an eye toward sustainability and, yes, animal welfare. The reaction to Goldman's protest is just the latest in a string of embarrassments to Whole Foods' ethical image. From use of prison labor to a conflict with Black Lives Matter, the last few years have not been pretty for Whole Foods.
More to the point, DxE, the network Goldman is a part of, has investigated four Whole Foods suppliers and each time found conditions that fail Whole Foods' much-advertised standards. Most recently, activists investigated the prestigious Thanksgiving turkey supplier to the White House and found severe mutilations as covered in the Huffington Post. Advocates also recently released a virtual reality film that goes inside a Whole Foods egg supplier at the Sundance Film Festival in January. This, Goldman says, is what drove her to go inside the store and speak out.
If Whole Foods pressed the Boulder police to go after Goldman, they might not have found a clumsier way to do it. The release of a security camera photo to search for a public protester and the accusation of property destruction against a studious high-schooler do not inspire confidence. Then again, maybe such reactive corporate and government buffoonery is just a sign of the times.
Goldman is convinced that the episode is not about the money. Instead, she suspects, Whole Foods and the Boulder police just want to prevent her from protesting there again. And if they decide to keep going after Goldman for alleged property destruction?
Allen Iverson doesn't use Twitter much, but when he found out his former on court-adversary Tyronn Lue was promoted to head coach of the NBA Eastern Conference-leading Cleveland Cavaliers, the former NBA superstar had to fire off a celebratory tweet.
Congratulations to Tyron Lue. Well deserved and good luck. Love you — Allen Iverson (@alleniverson) January 23, 2016
Article continues below ...
Iverson and Lue met many times during their NBA playing careers, including at least three times a year during Lue's stints with Washington, Orlando and Atlanta. Their most notable meeting, however, came in the 2001 NBA Finals, where the Lakers turned to a then-seldom used Lue in crunch time of Game 1 to slow down the crafty shooting guard.
Iverson still finished with 48 points to help the Philadelphia 76ers shock the L.A. Lakers at home in overtime and take a 1-0 series lead, and AI knocked down a key jumper with less than a minute left in OT, in the face of Lue, to help create this iconic photo:
Allen Iverson steps over Tyronn Lue in game one of the NBA Finals
But despite their on-the-court battles, it looks like Iverson has plenty of respect — even love — for the newly-minted head coach.
Missed-tackles were rampant last season, so the coaching staff was pretty hard on Lowery over those two plays. But, he did have 10 tackles.
“He fronts people up well,” defensive coordinator Mike Nolan said. “He wraps up.”
Lowery was signed as a free agent this offseason to replace Thomas DeCoud, who was released in part for his missed tackles and for taking poor angles to the football.
Lowery turned some heads with one of his open field tackles.
“He wrapped the guy up and he almost got away from him,” Nolan said. “Lowery pulled the jersey and pulled him all the way back with strong hands. That's tough. There is such a thing as having strong hands.”
Overall, Nolan thought the tackling was improved.
“I thought it was noticeable,” Nolan said. “There wasn't a lot of open field stuff that we missed. …In the big picture, I thought we did a much better job. I was pleased from that standpoint the improvement was made without question.”
Close
Google's first generation of Pixel has been well-received by critics and fans alike, and signals the search giant's successful foray into smartphone manufacturing.
With its smooth performance, great processor, superb camera, and a clean Android 7.0 Nougat experience, the Pixel was certainly a breath of fresh air in the oversaturated Android market.
However, Google does realize that it is not the perfect smartphone and that there is still room for improvement, which is why the company is now asking for user feedback that it will use to come up with the second version of Pixel.
Krishna Kumar, Google's Product Lead for Pixel, posted a design feedback request in a Pixel community forum, as well as a link to a CNet special report that highlighted the company's meticulous and painstaking design process.
The thread has since been locked down after being inundated with comments. The people have spoken, and here are some of the things they think should be added to the future Pixel phone.
Water-Resistant
The Google Pixel is IP53 certified, which means that "water falling as a spray at any angle up to 60° from the vertical shall have no harmful effect." You're probably safe if you accidentally spilled water over the phone, but nothing more extreme than that.
However, the Pixel was launched at a time when Apple has an IP67 certification and Samsung has an IP68 certification for their flagship phones. This puts the Pixel at a disadvantage when it comes to this category.
Smaller Bezels
There is a lot of wasted space on the phone's unused bezels. The side bezels are thin enough, but the bottom bezel is unnecessarily huge and could have been put to better use if only the company placed a dual front-facing speakers, like they did with the Nexus 6P.
Front-Facing Stereo Speakers
The company should also pay better attention to audio with its next iteration of the Pixel. The Nexus 6P had a solid set of speakers, something that is sorely missing from the Pixel. Not only that, the Pixel speaker is also suffering from a hardware issue that the company is now in the process of fixing.
Other issues that were raised from Kumar's questions are not related to design, but are just as important. Four months after it has been launched, the Pixel is still difficult to come by because of its limited availability and expensive price tag.
Still, it is encouraging that Google is reaching out to its user base, and hopefully the feedback it has received will be used in the development of its predecessor.
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
Source: California Highway Patrol
On Wednesday, June 28, 2017, at approximately 1:58 pm the California Highway Patrol (CHP) responded to a call of a hit and run traffic collision with major injuries, in the area of Pardall at Embarcadero Del Mar. Mr. Shelby was riding his bicycle on Pardall traveling west coming up to the intersection of Embarcadero Del Mar. A driver of a dark color sedan was traveling northbound on Embarcadero Del Mar south of Pardall. The driver of the vehicle drove through the intersection not yielding the right away to Mr. Shelby. Mr. Shelby had to apply a hard breaking application and fell off his bicycle breaking his femur. The suspect parked his vehicle and checked on Mr. Shelby, eventually fleeing the scene traveling northbound on Embarcadero Del Mar in his vehicle. Mr. Shelby was transported to Goleta Valley Cottage Hospital (GVCH) for major injuries
The suspect vehicle is described as a Dark Color Sedan. The suspect is described as a black male wearing a white shirt. There is no collision damage on the suspect vehicle as this was a non contact 20001(a) VC (Felony Hit and Run). If anyone witnessed the event please call (805) 967-1234 or (805) 477-4174 public dispatch after 5:00 pm. Please direct all inquiries to Officer Kessinger. The public's help is needed in finding the suspect!
Please refer to the attached picture. The suspect vehicle is located on the right side of the screenshot.
Reminder: Hearthstone Livestream Tomorrow!
Zeriyah will be livestreaming Hearthstone on the playhearthstone twitch.tv channel at 10am PST. We will have the player embedded on the frontpage of HearthPwn in addition to the VoDs after the event for the people who will miss it. Be sure to check it out tomorrow!
Hogger Tutorial Voiceovers
The award for the most hilarious voiceovers goes to Hogger. Just listen. Seriously.
Strings
Tag Text TUTORIAL01_HOGGER_01 *laughter* TUTORIAL01_HOGGER_02 *snort* TUTORIAL01_HOGGER_04 ha ha ha! Rawrr. TUTORIAL01_HOGGER_05 hehehehahaha! TUTORIAL01_HOGGER_06 hehehehoohoohoo! TUTORIAL01_HOGGER_07 Ha Haaa! TUTORIAL01_HOGGER_08 AAaarooh!!
Blue Posts
More card clarifications for everyone, rejoice!
Scavenging Hyena and AOE
Originally posted by Blizzard (Blue Tracker / Official Forums) If I have Scavenging Hyena as well as other beasts in play and the enemy hero casts an AOE spell like Consecration that kills them, will Scavenging Hyena gain the extra stats from the other dead beasts before it is hit or will it die at the same time as my other minions?
Currently, everything will die and the Hyena will not receive the buff.
Molten Giant, the Forgetful
Originally posted by Blizzard (Blue Tracker / Official Forums) The card test says: "Costs (1) less for each damage your hero has taken." Now if you read that with zero interpretation it actually means that any time you're hero takes damage whatsoever will cause the cost of Molten Giant to be less equal to that damage. No where on the card does it say that damage has to stay on your hero . . .
Molten Giants don't "remember" damage that is taken, then healed, then taken again. Their cost is in relation to your current health to your max health, whatever that may be. If you've taken 20 damage, Molten Giant costs 0. If you've taken 20 damage and healed 5 of it, putting you at 15 life, Molten Giant costs 5 to play. If you've taken 29 damage and somehow healed back up to 30, Molten Giant still costs 20 to play.
Further Card Clarifications
Pay attention, as I can't say this seriously enough. Last week, the FDA took a drug off the market, and the reasons should send shivers of fear down the backs of consumers, investors, generic drug companies – and the FDA.
The FDA announced last week that the 300mg generic version of Wellbutrin XL manufactured by Impax Laboratories and marketed by Teva Pharmaceuticals was being recalled because it did not work. And this wasn't just a problem with one batch – this is a problem that has been going on with this particular drug for four or five years, and the FDA did everything it could to ignore it.
The FDA apparently approved this drug – and others like it – without testing it. The FDA just assumed if one dosage strength the drug companies submitted for approval works, then the other higher dosages work fine also. With this generic, American consumers became the FDA's guinea pigs to see if the FDA's assumption was right. It wasn't.
Background
In December 2006, the first generic versions of the popular anti-depressant Wellbutrin XL were approved by the FDA. The drug comes in two dosage strengths, 150 milligrams and 300mg. The 300mg dose is generally used for patients with more severe depression and anxiety and patients who don't respond to the lower dose. The FDA approved generic versions of both dosage strengths from a few generic drug companies: Teva Pharmaceuticals (manufactured by Impax Laboratories and marketed by Teva Pharmaceuticals), Anchen, Actavis, Watson Pharmaceuticals and Mylan Pharmaceuticals. Almost immediately, the FDA started receiving reports from patients that claimed the 300mg dose was being associated with side effects and reduced efficacy.
The People's Pharmacy, a well-known syndicated radio and newspaper columnist husband and wife team, notified the FDA that hundreds of patients had logged their own complaints of side effects with the then-recently approved generic version of Wellbutrin XL. The FDA brushed off the People's Pharmacy and others that raised the issue, stating that they had faith that the drugs were equivalent and that perhaps the patients, who had mental disease, were more prone to perceived problems with a change in the medication than others. This was seen by many as essentially telling patients “it's all in their head.” After several more years and public outcry, the FDA was forced to take action.
What Action Did The FDA Take?
Instead of doing its own study on the drug, the FDA asked the drugmaker to conduct a study to determine whether the generic drug was equivalent to the brand. The FDA, in their recent press release, claims that Teva started the trial but later abandoned it because of slow patient enrollment. It was already 2010, several years after knowing there was a problem, the FDA was forced to do its own study.
Continued on next page...
More on Forbes:
Did The FDA Drag Its Heels?
The FDA study was completed in August 2012 – more than 5 years after the initial problems were reported. The FDA study showed that the 300mg dose from Teva is ineffective insomuch as it did not deliver enough of the drug.
Oddly, despite the result being available in August 2012, the public was only made aware of this in October 2012.
How Did This Happen?
When the FDA issued its press release on October 3rd, it said that the FDA made a mistake in that it had taken the data for the 150mg version. Since that dosage had worked fine, the FDA just assumed that the 300mg dosage would work. I am not joking – they indicated that this case caused them to change the way they do things. They approved the drugs by extrapolating the data for the 150mg, assuming the 300mg works the same.
Clearly, the FDA has serious doubts on how they approved the 300mg dosages by just assuming if the 150mg works then the 300mg must work also. The FDA's press release makes that clear:
FDA has approved five generic versions of Wellbutrin XL 300 mg. Each of these generics was approved based on bioequivalence studies comparing the 150 mg strength of the products to Wellbutrin XL 150 mg. Studies were not performed directly on the 300 mg strength of the products. Rather, the bioequivalence studies were performed using the 150 mg strength, and the results were extrapolated to establish bioequivalence of the 300 mg product. FDA has determined that this approach is no longer appropriate to establish bioequivalence of 300 mg bupropion hydrochloride extended-release tablets to Wellbutrin XL 300 mg, and the Agency is revising its guidance to industry for how to conduct premarket bioequivalence studies in generic bupropion products.
This cleverly worded press release hides the fact that this method of approving Wellbutrin XL or any drug is not only “no longer” appropriate, but was never an appropriate way of approving drugs. Just extrapolating data is an erroneous assumption and ignores basic principles known by most high school science students. In addition, if you don't test the larger dosages, what if drug companies simply submitted 300mg drugs that had no drug in them? That seems like more than just a moronic mistake, but a dangerous approach to approving drugs.
But What About The Other Generics The FDA Approved?
Instead of immediately pulling the drugs that were approved with the same faulty approach and instead of the FDA doing their own bioequivalence studies, the FDA has asked the other generic drug companies to do these tests for the FDA and submit these results by March 2013. The idea of a regulatory agency turning over the testing process of a drug to the drug companies when there is doubt about their safety and efficacy seems like it is giving up its role of independent oversight of the companies it has regulatory power over.
It seems more appropriate that the FDA conduct these tests and, since the safe brand drug remains on the market, to immediately remove the other generics while we await the results of the testing.
The FDA has long been a strong proponent of generic drugs, and generics have saved consumers and the federal government billions of dollars vs. brand-name drugs. Many consumers incorrectly believe that a brand drug is identical to the generic drug, and even the FDA on its website calls generics “identical." Generic drug companies are subject to FDA inspections just like their name brand counterparts, but the drugs themselves do not need to be identical to the brands; they need to be "bioequivalent" and are given leeway on how close to the brand they need to be. To me, it's similar to how Cheerios are almost like the store brand of toasted oat cereal – “Cheery-O's” – very similar, but not the same. Roughly speaking, "bioequivalent" means they need to show that the drug releases an active ingredient in nearly the same, but not exact, concentration as the brand.
The whole system works if the generics are bioequivalent, and to ensure that they are, most consumers believe that the FDA would test to see if the generics being considered for approval work as promised. It appears that many approved generic drug versions have not even been subject to independent FDA studies.
But how could the FDA know if a drug is bioequivalent if it doesn't even test it? It can't.
How This is A Safety Issue
The lack of efficacy for a high dose anti-depressant is really a safety issue, not a manufacturing issue.
How many patients who were not adequately treated on the 150mg dose were put on the 300mg only to see their symptoms get worse because the generic did not work as promised? How many patients, doctors, and their families thought that this was simply a further deterioration of a patient's condition and mental state? How many parents had to worry about their children when their anti-depressant seemed to stop working? How many people committed suicide taking a generic antidepressant that did not work?
And the appalling part of all this is that the fact that this could have been prevented if the FDA had simply tested the drug before they approved it, or at the least heeded the hundreds of complaints.
8 Immediate Steps That Should Be Taken
Here are eight steps that should be taken immediately to address this crisis and the underlying issues that caused it:
The FDA should immediately suspend approvals for generics Wellbutrin XL and advise doctors via a Dear Doctor Letter to switch to the brand. Pending confirmatory studies, suspend approvals of the other generics. It is clear if the FDA is asking manufacturers to do new studies on these drugs, it does not 100% trust its effectiveness and safety. The FDA should not keep drugs on the market where it cannot stand by the efficacy and safety of the drug when the brand is readily available The FDA should conduct their own study of the bioequivalence of the other generic Wellbutrin XL it approved and not rely on the drugmakers. The FDA should immediately conduct a review of all generic drug approvals in this class and others to determine what other approvals were made with the same faulty approach of assuming that if one dose worked then the higher dose or lower dose must work the same. Since the FDA has now abandoned this faulty procedure because it resulted in ineffective drugs being put on the market, then it should re-review all these previous approvals. The FDA should conduct a thorough study of how the vigilance system of early warnings and warnings from others such as the People's Pharmacy went unheeded for more than 5 years. The FDA should undertake the difficult but important step of researching which patients took the 300mg generic, which ones may have attempted or committed suicide while on the 300mg or shortly after being switch from the ineffective. Research how many institutionalized patients are on the 300mg dose – advise they are switched to the brand immediately. The families of these patients should know why the drugs they trusted to work didn't. The FDA should tighten the regulations for bioequivalence for narrow therapeutic window drugs, especially those that pharmacists and patients have already complained about not working. The FDA should provide consumers with the timeline and all correspondence and phone records surrounding this case to show why a two month delay would take place from knowing the drug did not work to telling the public. Congress should convene an oversight committee on how this happened and what it means for drug safety. Was there anyone at the FDA during this or previously that had issue with the “if the 150mg works, then assume the 300mg works too” approach?
The FDA Commissioner Peggy Hamburg needs to answer for this. When you keep score by loved ones' worry and by patient lives cut short by suicide, this is not just the tale of a simple recall, but of a failure of the system and sign of dangerous incompetence.
Note: An earlier version of this posting identified the recalled product as being from Teva Pharmaceuticals. For greater clarification, we have noted that the generic drug subject to the FDA action is manufactured by Impax Laboratories and marketed by Teva Pharmaceuticals
_________________________________________________________________________
No part of this article is intended to be investment advice nor should it be considered investment advice. For disclosure purposes, at the time of this writing, I own shares of Teva Pharmaceuticals.
by
There are a lot of street fighting mistakes you can make and in this video, you'll see perhaps the biggest one: not leaving when you should.
Before we go on though: the guy's an idiot. We don't see the beginning of the altercation so who started it isn't clear, but it does look like he throws the first slap. So at first glance, it looks like he‘s the instigator.
What is definitely clear is that he has the chance to walk away. But he chooses to engage again, prolong the conflict and escalate it by throwing the first punch. So there is no way you can view this as self-defense:
His opponents walk away first.
He walks away next.
Then he returns and escalates the conflict, not them. They hang back and aren't threatening the guy.
If you have the opportunity to flee, the law says you should take it so this is not a self-defense situation; it is street fighting. If you're dumb enough to do that and pick on two guys who are clearly backing away, what you get next is probably a good lesson to learn.
Here's the video:
Street Fighting Mistakes: not leaving
Not leaving when you have the chance is a crucial street fighting mistake to make. The guy has plenty of opportunities to walk away; it's clear the two other guys are backpedaling. All he needed to do was take five steps into the crowd and they wouldn't be baled to catch up even if they wanted to.
Instead, he decides to humiliate them and take it to the next level, probably certain of his victory over those “pussies”. Truth be told, he probably would have “won”. He seemed aggressive and fast enough to get the job done. But he makes the fatal mistake of thinking he's the only aggressive guy around.
Invariably, when people fight in public, they attract a crowd. If it happens during some sort of public event (like seems to be the case here), the crowd will gather much faster and will have more people on the sidelines. In every such crowd, you can be sure there's somebody just itching to get a free shot in. Sometimes they do, sometimes they don't. Either way, there's always that risk.
In this case, the guy was so wrapped up in his “I'm gonna kick your ass and look cool doing so.” vibe that he was oblivious to the sucker punch coming his way. Mind you, he couldn't have prevented it as it was well done: good timing, good angle and full power to a vulnerable target. If all those factors are aligned in an ambush, the odds are low you'll get out of it in one piece.
There is one sure fire way to prevent this from happening though:
Leave.
Just go away the second you have the chance. There is no upside to prolonging a conflict such as this one. The only thing that will happen by not leaving is the odds of you getting hurt increasing with every second.
Or even better: don't start this kind of crap to begin with. There's no gain to be had, you don't get any prizes. On the contrary, look at what happened to this guy:
He got knocked unconscious. Concussions are no fun, neither is permanent brain damage.
Concussions are no fun, neither is permanent brain damage. His head hits the pavement. You don't see it but you can hear the thud over the noise of the crowd. A cracked skull often leads to an extended trip to the hospital or worse, to the morgue.
You don't see it but you can hear the thud over the noise of the crowd. A cracked skull often leads to an extended trip to the hospital or worse, to the morgue. He gets arrested. There were plenty of witnesses who will have explained to the cops that the guy started it. Hence the cuffs and a trip down to the station.
There were plenty of witnesses who will have explained to the cops that the guy started it. Hence the cuffs and a trip down to the station. Potential lawsuit. If the two guys pres charges, he's only at the beginning of his troubles: in front of a crowd of witnesses and dozens of cellphones capturing everything on video from different angles, the guy attacks them. He won't be able to claim self-defense, the evidence just won't support that claim. Paying damages sucks…
Street fighting mistakes like this one are exceedingly common but they apply to self-defense just as well: as soon as you can, leave. As you can see in this video, it can go horribly wrong in a fraction of a second, even when you think you are “winning”.
Make sure you don't end up like this guy and practice avoidance, evasion and de-escalation as your primary self-defense tools. They will give you the skills to effectively do the smart thing, which is leaving. You'll be happy to laugh at the whole incident later when you're sitting on your couch at home, sipping a beer.
15 companies purchasing crude from reserve 15 companies snare crude from reserve
The government signed 28 contracts to sell the oil at prices ranging from $104.97 to $109.26 per barrel. Barclays Bank nabbed the lowest price in the auction, while San Antonio-based refiner Valero paid the highest for a portion of the crude it bought in the sale.
The government is set to take in about $3.3 billion from the sale.
The Energy Department said in a statement that it is now coordinating with the winning bidders, federal maritime authorities and the Homeland Security Department to arrange for delivery of the crude - including some to companies that have asked to get it this month.
President Barack Obama announced he was releasing oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve late last month, offering up half of the 60 million barrels that the International Energy Agency's 28 member nations committed to put on the market.
Administration officials said the move was essential to restore stability to the market and offset the loss of 1.5 million barrels a day of high-quality light, sweet crude from Libya during the summer driving season.
Republicans have blasted the decision as politically motivated.
Although the announcement initially sent oil prices down, the price of crude has since rebounded. On Monday, benchmark U.S. crude closed at $95.15 per barrel, slightly under the trading price when Obama authorized the sale.
Government officials previously said industry interest in the sale was high, drawing bids for far more oil than was available.
Among those that nabbed the crude are major oil companies - Exxon Mobil Corp., Shell, BP and Conoco- Phillips - as well as independent refiners such as Valero Energy Corp., Tesoro Corp., Murphy Oil Corp., Sunoco and Marathon Corp.
Valero was one of the biggest single purchasers of the stockpiled oil. The company is buying 6.1 million barrels, some for as low as $105.62.
Valero would not disclose specific plans for the crude, but spokesman Bill Day noted that "with the capacity to process 2.6 million barrels per day, Valero can quickly process the crude from this purchase."
Oil traders also got into the act. For instance, Barclays Bank is buying 200,000 barrels for $21 million; Hess Energy Trading Co. is buying 2 million barrels for $212.6 million; Trafigura is buying 1.1 million barrels for $116.8 million, JPMorgan Chase & Co. nabbed 1.5 million barrels for $158 million; and Vitoil is buying 4 million barrels for $432.2 million.
Plains Marketing, a pipeline operator, also spent $223 million for 2.1 million barrels.
Bidders didn't say what they planned to do with their oil immediately or how soon it might be refined. Some may put the crude in storage, in anticipation of higher prices.
The government does not bar successful bidders from storing oil for later use or resale. But it does bar them from exporting any of the stockpiled crude unless they return an equal volume of refined product to the U.S.
The big demand for the reserve oil stands in contrast to a lackluster response to the last Strategic Petroleum Reserve auction. After Hurricane Katrina damaged pipelines, offshore rigs and refineries in 2005, the U.S. planned to sell 30 million barrels of crude from the reserve, but ultimately auctioned off just 11 million barrels.
jennifer.dlouhy@chron.com
Group A - Huge Guts
Mong Movie Pure Mini
Movie's storm face.
Group B - Dragon Spirit: The New Legend
Mind JangBi PianO free
New chin, same old TvP.
Group C - Cruel Winter
sSak hero Sea.KH Snow
PvT master Snow's chances get better with every Zerg eliminated.
Group D - Lake of Rage
HiyA Larva Last GuemChi
HiyA indicates the number of practice games he has played in the last six months.
Russian President Vladimir Putin meets with President Donald Trump at the G-20 Summit on July 7 in Hamburg. | Evan Vucci/AP Trump slams 'dishonest' media over 'sick' reports of Putin exchange
President Donald Trump bashed news outlets for covering a previously unreported exchange between himself and Russian President Vladimir Putin at the G-20 summit in Germany earlier this month, claiming outlets are "becoming more and more dishonest" in their White House coverage.
"The Fake News is becoming more and more dishonest!" he said in a series of posts on Twitter on Tuesday evening. "Even a dinner arranged for top 20 leaders in Germany is made to look sinister!"
Story Continued Below
Trump called the media's coverage of the conversation "sick."
Various outlets, including The Associated Press and The New York Times, reported Tuesday that Trump had spoken with Putin a second time during the summit, an exchange that went undisclosed by the White House.
Trump, White House press secretary Sean Spicer told AP, spoke with the Russian leader during the world leaders' dinner in Hamburg, a conversation that occurred after their highly anticipated formal meeting that day. That meeting drew widespread media coverage, in large part due to ongoing congressional federal probes into potential ties between the Trump campaign and the Russian government.
According to AP, it was unclear how long Trump and Putin spoke during their second encounter in Hamburg.
Breaking News Alerts Get breaking news when it happens — in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
The second conversation was first reported by Ian Bremmer of the Eurasia Group during an interview with Charlie Rose on Bloomberg. Bremmer said the two spoke for nearly an hour.
In a statement, a White House official cast the conversation as commonplace and dismissed the idea that anyone had tried to hide the encounter. The official said Trump spoke through a Russian translator because each world leader was allowed only one translator, and his translator spoke Japanese. Trump was seated next to the wife of the Japanese prime minister during the dinner.
According to the official, Trump spoke with Putin, who was seated next to first lady Melania Trump, toward the end of the dinner.
The Trump White House has been rocked by controversy in recent weeks as details of a meeting between his eldest son, Donald Trump Jr., several other Trump campaign officials and a Kremlin-connected lawyer emerged.
Scottish military bases are to be upgraded in a £1.7 billion investment programme, the UK Defence Secretary has announced.
Sir Michael Fallon said the increased infrastructure spending reinforced the Ministry of Defence (MoD)'s commitment to Scotland as its defence board met in Edinburgh for the first time.
He said: “Scotland is on the front line of defending the United Kingdom from growing threats at sea, in the air and on land.
“Our commitment to the future of defence in Scotland is underlined by increasing investment in better infrastructure for the Armed Forces, helping to keep us safe.”
It follows the announcement in November that eight military sites north of the border will close in the next 15 years, cutting the defence estate by 20%.
At the time, Sir Michael told the House of Commons military bases would instead be at ‘'fewer, better locations'' in Scotland.
The investment includes £1.3 billion for upgrades to HM Naval Base Clyde's waterfront, engineering support, accommodation and security in advance of the Dreadnought class of deterrent submarines arriving in Scotland from the early 2030s.
Lossiemouth is to benefit from £400 million as one of the RAF's three fast jet bases, with work to upgrade its runways, taxiways and accommodation for nine new Poseidon P-8 maritime patrol aircraft and an additional Typhoon squadron.
Leuchars Station will be expanded to become the main hub for Army activity in Scotland while investment will also be made in a versatile Army Adaptive Force Brigade, specialising in operations, working alongside partner nations abroad and providing resilience support to Scottish civil authorities.
Scotland currently has 14,000 military regular and reserve personnel and 3,930 MoD civilian staff.
The MoD said its £178 billion defence equipment programme supports 11,000 Scottish industry jobs and accounts for over 10% of the country's industrial base across projects including the Queen Elizabeth carriers being built in Rosyth and the offshore patrol vessels and Type 26 global combat ships being built in Govan and Scotstoun.
Major Army bases at Fort George near Ardersier, north of Inverness, Glencorse Barracks near Penicuik, Midlothian, and Redford Cavalry and Infantry Barracks in Edinburgh are among more than 56 sites to shut across the UK.
Naval base MoD Caledonia in Rosyth, Fife, Condor Airfield, near Arbroath, Angus, Craigiehall Barracks in Edinburgh and Forthside Barracks in Stirling will also close.
This year's annual Iowa pheasant and quail population survey looks bad - a 30 percent drop in the average statewide pheasant population and a 23 percent decline for quail. But state officials say they believe the numbers are misleading.
Iowa Department of Natural Resources officials believe that unusually dry weather during the survey taken in August is to blame for the skewed numbers.
Upland wildlife biologist Todd Bogenschutz says surveyors need heavy dew the mornings of the survey to get accurate numbers. That's because it's the dew that causes hens to move their broods from cover to gravel roads to dry off. If there's no dew, the brood stays hidden from surveyors.
Bogenschutz says he expects similar numbers this year to 2016's pheasant season, when hunters harvested about 250,000 roosters.
NEW DELHI: Sections of the civil society blamed what they called the Narendra Modi government's inclination towards developed countries for India's failure to get a favourable deal at WTO's Nairobi ministerial. India's position didn't go down well with the developing countries at the talks, they claimed.While Dinesh Abrol, convener of the national working group on patent rights, said there was a lack of solidarity among developing countries at Nairobi, Jawaharlal Nehru University Professor Biswajit Dhar said India was at the forefront of developing countries but this "abject surrender" showed that Washington has become the new power centre and not Geneva for WTO issues.India faced a major setback due to a lack of consensus among WTO countries on reaffirming the Doha Development Agenda, which was its most important demand from this ministerial. Besides, developed countries were also successful in clinching the deal away from India by allowing new issues to be taken up in the WTO's mandate.These civil society representatives said the Doha round was effectively dead and the WTO would undergo a complete change in character hereon."India had the option of standing firm like in the Singapore ministerial... After the failure of two ministerial conferences, the government should unite with the developing countries and not integrate with the north," Abrol said.They said other developing countries did not like India's bilateral dealing with the US last year on getting a peace clause in perpetuity till a permanent solution for public stockholding for food security is found."So, Nairobi is the culmination of what began in Bali," one representative said.
Former Israeli diplomat and Tel Aviv University president Itamar Rabinovich's new biography of Yitzhak Rabin begins by acknowledging what anyone attempting to demystify the life and times of Israel's fifth prime minister is up against. “A political assassination…is unlike any other form of death,” Rabinovich writes in the prologue to Yitzhak Rabin: Soldier, Leader, Statesman, part of Yale University Press's ongoing Jewish Lives series. “An assassination is not only the terminal point of a person's life but also the starting point of a new reality that the death itself created.”
Rabin's human proportions are now hopelessly obscured behind layers of political narrative and outright myth. In death, Rabin has been drafted into a simplistic and personality-driven theory of recenet history: He's a visionary who would have willed Israel and the Middle East into a golden age of coexistence; a martyr to a dying utopian idea as well as the victim of a society that's proven incapable of ever truly embracing it. At times, Rabin is remembered as the Israeli equivalent of some idealized version of Abraham Lincoln, his life a providential means of herding his country from one historical stage to the next, and at the inevitable expense of his own life.
Rabinovich's book provides some much-needed clarity, and it begins with a rejection of the Lincoln comparison, which comes slightly later in the prologue. “Lincoln had completed his mission; his assassination was an act of revenge against that achievement,” Rabinovich writes a little later in his prologue. In contrast, Rabin's accomplishments were incomplete and ambiguous. The Oslo Accords were an era-defining breakthrough, but there's still no final peace agreement between Israel and the Palestinians, and there may not have been one even if Rabin had lived. Both in his book and in a recent interview with Tablet, Rabinovich ominously notes that in his view, the domestic forces responsible for the atmosphere of violence and division in the lead-up to Rabin's assassination have gone unchecked in the two decades since. “Among the developments that reinforced and accelerated” Israel's “journey towards the right” and away from a “genuine quest” for peace with the Palestinians, he writes, were the fact that “the Israeli state failed to punish the larger circle that incited and called for the killing of Rabin, that Israeli society did not go through the requisite soul-searching after the assassination… The assassin and his camp were in fact rewarded for the crime.”
* * *
Rabinovich served as Rabin's (and later Shimon Peres's) ambassador to Washington and lead negotiator with Syria from 1993 to 1996. Since Rabinovich was a close colleague of the prime minister's, the Rabin he describes isn't a reassuring or politically useful abstraction, but an imperfect and never fully-formed political actor. Rabin was “not a jumper off of cliffs,” he explained. “He didn't look five stations ahead. He always looked at the next station. I don't think he expected to become prime minister.” At times, Rabin benefited from wild swings of fortune: The aftermath of a war scare stemming from a botched military exercise in 1959 cleared the way for Rabin to become the IDF's third in command, just as he was planning to travel to the U.S. to study at Harvard University.
As Rabinovich's book explains, Rabin's worldview was formed out of experiences from early in his career. During Israel's 1948 War of Independence, Rabin commanded the division of the Harel Brigades tasked with securing the road between the new country's Jewish-majority coastal plain and Jerusalem, its besieged inland capital. The division's casualty rate pushed the 50 percent mark, and Rabin became convinced that Israel had been dangerously ill-prepared to fight off the Arab invasion. “The reason that he decided to stay in the IDF was to make sure that didn't happen again,” said Rabinovich.
Rabinovich's book touches on another intriguing detail in Rabin's early biography: In February of 1949, Rabin attended the conference on the Greek island of Rhodes where Egypt and Israel negotiated their post-war ceasefire agreement. In Rhodes, the young lieutenant colonel Rabin saw that “it was not in Israel's interest to negotiate with an Arab collective,” and understood that “Israel does better when it deals separately with individual Arab states,” Rabinovich writes—the future prime minister saw that peace was possible, so long as it was done gradually and carefully. Later on, Rabin showed a remarkable ability to learn from both his failures and his triumphs. The scandal and infighting of his first unsuccessful, mid-'70s term as prime minister taught him to be a less domineering and more politically minded leader when he took the reins again 15 years later. And one of the many surprises of Rabinovich book is reading about Rabin's sense of regret over his role in the multi-year escalation cycle with Egypt and Syria leading up to the 1967 Six-Day War, at time when he served as the IDF's chief of staff and cemented his later reputation as Israel's “Mr. National Security.”
Rabinovich describes Rabin as “a military hawk and a political dove,” someone who was widely respected, but lacking in natural charisma. If the IDF ever entered into a conflict, Rabin believed it had to win, regardless of how ill-advised that conflict might be at its core—an attitude that might explain Rabin's commitment to violently suppressing the first Palestinian uprising when he served as Yizhak Shamir and Shimon Peres's Minister of Defense in the 1980s. At the same time, he saw the strategic necessity of accommodation over the status of the West Bank from an early point, telling a group of “young Orthodox Zionists” in 1974 that he was willing to “visit Kfar Etziyon with a passport,” according to Rabinovich's book.
During his second term as prime minister, which lasted from July of 1992 until his assassination on November 4, 1995, Rabin recognized that the biggest threats to Israel were no longer from Egypt, Syria, or the Palestinians, but from Iraq and Iran, the hostile revisionist states further to Israel's east. “He believed that Israel had to consolidate its immediate environment in order to deal with these threats,” saidRabinovich. Rabin wanted to put his country on the path to peace with Syria and the Palestinians, and saw an opening for negotiations after the collapse of the Soviet Union, which had been a patron of Hafez al-Assad's regime in Syria as well as Yassir Arafat's PLO. But that doesn't mean Rabin ever intended to rush towards a final agreement with either. “I don't think that when he began he was trying to achieve final status peace with all of Israel's neighbors,” Rabinovich said. “He was an incrementalist by inclination and he always moved step by step.”
* * *
Assassinated leaders leave a trail of “what ifs” in their wake. Rabinovich thinks that Yigal Amir “inflicted a blow” on the peace process on November 4, 1995, without entirely killing the possibility of peace. Still, the former ambassador hinted at what Rabin's future could have included. According to Rabinovich, Rabin believed that peace with Syria could be possible during a hypothetical third term as prime minister, so long as there was “geopolitical pressure on Assad in order for him to make a deal.”
Rabinovich believes that the biggest missed opportunity of the early 1990s peace process was Rabin's “deposit” of hypothetical Israeli concessions in a prospective peace deal with Syria, which he communicated to Secretary of State Warren Christopher in August of 1993. At that point, Hafez al-Assad demanded Israel commit to fully withdrawing from the Golan Heights as a starting-point for negotiations. In a characteristically subtle move, Rabin outlined his vision of a generous final agreement for Christopher, with the expectation that the US's top diplomat would use his knowledge of Israel's bottom line to carefully guide Assad to the negotiating table. Rabinovich writes that the “deposit” was mishandled: Christopher prematurely revealed Israel's final status positions during a meeting with Assad that month, leaving Rabin with the feeling that “the rug had been pulled out from under him,” Rabinovich writes. Assad also gave only vague indication that he was ready to call off his conflict with Israel under any circumstances. A settlement with Syria “would have put the whole peace process on a different footing,” said Rabinovich, and even might have prevented Syria's violent collapse two decades later. Alas, Rabinovich said, “the combination of the mishandling of the deposit and the ambivalence of Assad directed the peace process to the Palestinian track” instead, where it founders to this day.
Rabinovich's book transports readers back to a time when a much different Middle East seemed possible, an all-too-brief window when regional tranquility wasn't a far-off notion or a dark punchline. But Rabinovich's book also makes the important case that nothing was ever as simple or straightforward as it now may seem to have been—starting with Rabin himself.
Related: Rabin Is…
Armin Rosen is a New York-based writer. He has written for The Atlantic, City Journal, and World Affairs Journal, and was recently a senior reporter for Business Insider.
March 17, 2015, 6:03 PM GMT / Updated March 17, 2015, 6:03 PM GMT
Travelers will be able to board charter flights directly to Cuba from New York City starting Tuesday under the new agreements between the governments of Cuba and the U.S.
The Cuba Travel Services charter flight, operated by Sun Country Airlines, leaves John F. Kennedy (JFK) Airport in New York City and flies three hours straight to Havana, Cuba. In the past charter flights have left from Florida.
The changes stem from the thaw in relations between the two countries that started in December. Though going to Cuba as a mere tourist is still banned for Americans, it is easier now. The 12 categories allowed by the State Department for Cuba travel - which include visiting family or educational and religious purposes - no longer require a general license and a wait for U.S. government approval.
IN-DEPTH:
Travel Agents Responding To Surge Of Interest In Cuba
Need A School Uniform in Cuba? These Miami Shops Have Them, And More
SOCIAL:
The Warcraft movie may have tanked in the United States, but it did much better abroad. Although it never even cracked $50 million in the U.S., the film's massive success in China accounted for more than half of Warcraft's $430 million total box office—and yet, Warcraft is still poised to lose money.
Even with a Chinese premiere that was the largest foreign debut in that county's history and $430 million made, Warcraft is still not going to make a profit. Last month, The Hollywood Reporter estimated that the movie would need $450 million to break even. Its theatrical run has already begun slowing down, leaving it about $20 million short or breaking even right now.
Advertisement
According to The Hollywood Reporter's sources close to the film, the final deficit will end up being about $15 million. (Others, not including the Chinese digital deal and merchandising, put the loss at between $30 and $40 million.) $15 million is a low loss for a movie that cost $160 million to make, butHollywood math is not like regular math.
This puts a damper on the idea that success in China paved the way for a Warcraft sequel. Warcraft 2: The Search for More Money isn't looking nearly as likely as did when the movie started taking China by storm. If there is one, it's going to have been a whole lot cheaper than the first movie was.
[The Hollywood Reporter]
All of our paper products are 100% recycled. They are made up of 30% fiber from elephant dung and 70% recycled paper. No trees or toxic chemicals are used in our paper making process. We only use all-natural vegetative binding agents, along with water-soluble salt dyes for coloring. Mr. Ellie Pooh's papers are handmade, acid-free, and as organic as it gets!
Conservation through innovation
Compared to using virgin wood, paper made with 100% recycled content uses 44% less energy, produces 38% less greenhouse gas emissions, 41% less particulate emissions, 50% less wastewater, 49% less solid waste, and—of course—100% less forest destruction.
According to The State of the Paper Industry (2007) a report by the Environmental Paper Network:
50% of the world's forests have been cleared or burned, and 80% of what's left has been seriously degraded. If the United States cut office paper use by just 10% it would prevent the emission of 1.6 million tons of greenhouse gases — the equivalent of taking 280,000 cars off the road.
SHARE Empty Cradles The Journal Sentinel is taking on an issue we had too long ignored - the death of children before their first birthday. Infant mortality is a crisis not just of public health, but of ethics and morality. The rate at which infants die in our city is unacceptable. We are examining the problem and pointing to solutions. Go to: Section | Blog
By of the
All but one of the 56 babies across Wisconsin who suffered sudden unexpected infant death in 2013 were in unsafe sleep environments, according to a report released Wednesday by the Children's Health Alliance of Wisconsin.
The report is illuminating in many ways, not least in that it so thoroughly undermines persistent assumptions about sleep-related infant death, assumptions that can affect public policy and misdirect parents.
Sleep death is not an urban problem. Babies died not only in Milwaukee County, but in Ozaukee, Washington and Waukesha counties, too.
It is not more prevalent among minorities. Most of the babies who died were white.
It is not a function of age or educational status. The vast majority of the mothers who lost their babies — 80% — were high school or college graduates. A small minority — 11% — were teens. Caregivers appeared to have been under the influence of drugs or alcohol in no more than five cases statewide.
And the report offers this assurance to worried moms and dads: "Sleep-related deaths are preventable."
SUID is the death of an infant less than 12 months old that occurs suddenly and unexpectedly and whose cause of death is not immediately obvious before an investigation.
The health alliance, which is affiliated with Children's Hospital of Wisconsin, used the American Academy of Pediatrics' definition of an unsafe sleep environment, which was explored in depth by the Journal Sentinel in its 2011 "Empty Cradles" series about infant mortality in Milwaukee.
The conclusion to the alliance's report is summed up by the headline on the Journal Sentinel's story: "Reducing risks is the key to saving babies' lives".
The American Academy of Pediatrics recommends 10 things caretakers can do to reduce the risk of SUID. The health alliance examined the state's SUID deaths in light of those recommendations:
·Infants should be placed on their backs for every sleep, including naps. More than one in five of the Wisconsin SUID infants were not placed on their backs to sleep.
·Use a firm sleep surface, such as a crib or bassinet. Three in four SUID babies were placed on an unsafe surface. Nearly 60% were placed on an adult bed. Tragically, nearly 75% of the SUID babies had cribs or bassinets in their homes.
·Room-sharing without bed-sharing is recommended. Three in five SUID babies were sharing a sleep surface with an adult, child or pet.
·Keep soft objects and loose bedding out of the crib. Nearly 90% of SUID babies were exposed to such things as blankets, pillows and soft toys.
·Pregnant women should receive prenatal care. Three in five SUID babies received prenatal care.
·Don't smoke during or after pregnancy. More than half of SUID babies were exposed to secondhand smoke after birth, and 45% of mothers smoked at least once during their pregnancy.
·Don't drink or use drugs during or after pregnancy. In 91% of SUID cases, investigators did not document that the caregiver had been intoxicated.
·Breast-feeding is recommended. More than 80% of SUID babies had formula as their last meal.
·Consider offering a pacifier at nap and bed times. Almost 85% of SUID babies were not using pacifiers.
·The American Academy of Pediatrics also recommends that caretakers avoid overheating, but room temperature was not noted on death certificates.
In virtually all cases, more than one risk factor was present. At least three risk factors were present in 86% of deaths.
Preterm birth, with its myriad biological, social and economic problems, kills more babies than any other cause. During 2013, preterm birth caused 60% of all infant deaths and was a contributing factor in 30% of the SUID cases.
But because so many of the factors that contribute to sleep-related death are within caregivers' control, health officials hope that, with education and encouragement, SUID deaths can be reduced.
"Each individual, agency and community serves a unique role in sharing the important message of infant safe sleep," the report says.
Greek minister sees signs that Berlin acknowledges that compensation should be paid for Nazi wartime atrocities ‘despite disagreeing with the figure'
The row between Germany and Greece over war reparations has intensified after Athens hit back at Berlin's description of its demand for a staggering €278.7bn (£202bn) in compensation as “stupid”.
Insisting that Greece's leftist-led administration had “a historical duty” to seek compensation for atrocities committed by Nazi forces between 1941-44, the politician in charge of the campaign said on Wednesday that he welcomed the German reaction.
“The response may have been ‘this is foolish, you have plucked this number out of the blue' but for me it was also very positive,” Costas Isychos, the deputy defence minister, told the Guardian. “There was an admission that despite disagreeing with the figure a debt is owed, and that is very good.”
On Tuesday, Germany's economy minister and vice-chancellor, Sigmar Gabriel, not only branded the demand boneheaded, but suggested it had been motivated by Athens' interest in squeezing a bit of leeway out of its eurozone partners to overcome its debt crisis.
“And this leeway has nothing to do with the second world war or reparations,” said Gabriel, who leads the Social Democrats, the junior partner in the ruling coalition of the chancellor, Angela Merkel.
Berlin has provided the bulk of the €240bn bailout that has kept the insolvent Greek economy afloat since 2010.
But while the claim exceeds that amount, Isychos vehemently denied it was linked to the country's economic plight, or the tough austerity measures Berlin has pressed for in exchange for international aid. He implied the figure could in fact be much bigger when interest payments were also taken into account.
“We will push for this as much as we can,” he said, describing the war reparations as “an open wound” for a country that had suffered one of the most brutal occupations under Hitler.
“We have to close this wound. It is not related, whatsoever, to Greek debt or any policies connected to the memoranda,” he said, referring to the deeply unpopular bailout accords. “They are two very different issues. The left has always been sensitive to this issue.”
The timing of the demand was coincidental, he said. “It is a very good coincidence for the Greek people but a very bad coincidence for those who want to connect it to the memoranda.”
The Greek prime minister, Alexis Tsipras, has accused Berlin of deliberately employing “legal tricks and delay” to avoid what he described as a moral obligation to compensate war crimes. Meeting Merkel in Berlin two weeks ago, he pressed the point again. The German leader appeared to open the door to discussion, but it was quickly shut by Berlin's finance ministry.
Alexis Tsipras in Moscow asks Europe to end sanctions against Russia Read more
The German government has repeatedly described the issue as closed, saying the country honoured its obligations, including a 115m deutschemark payment made to Greece in 1960 (worth about £150m today).
“For me the figure of €278.7bn of supposed war debts is neither comprehensible nor sound,” Eckhardt Rehberg, a budget expert for Merkel's conservative party, was quoted as saying this week. “The issue of reparations has, for us, been dealt with both from a political and a legal perspective.”
But Isychos, who was born in Buenos Aires and raised in Canada, said Athens had “very detailed” documentation to back its claim. Greek officials had 400,000 pages of records obtained from the US national archives chronicling atrocities committed by the Third Reich.
Crimes ranged from reprisal executions to the pillaging of the country's cultural heritage and an interest-free forced loan, officially estimated by the general accountancy office at €10.3bn, which was extracted from the Bank of Greece to fund Hitler's Africa campaign. The Greek defence ministry is in the process of translating the data and digitalising microfilms.
“The occupation forces were extremely methodical in their reports to superiors, listing massacres and the shooting of victims, including women and children, the destruction of homes, you name it,” he said. “Greece, for example, was the biggest exporter to Nazi Germany of precious metals such as chrome. Some 279,000 tonnes were exported but never paid for.”
Soon, experts would also be scouring historical archives obtained from Russia, he said. “I formally requested the archives two weeks ago when I visited Moscow and was told that they do indeed have them,” he said of records that ended up in the possession of Russian and American forces at the end of the war.
Athens' demand for repayment of its forced wartime loan has found support from the German opposition, with members of the Greens and the far-left Die Linke party saying Berlin should honour the debt. Syriza has strong ties with both political organisations.
Manuel Sarrazin, a European policy expert for the Greens, and Annette Groth, a member of Die Linke and head of a German-Greek parliamentary group, told Reuters that Berlin should repay the forced loan that Nazi Germany took from the Bank of Greece in 1942. Berlin and Athens should “jointly and amicably” take any other claims to the international court of justice, Sarrazin said.
Isychos said compensation could take the form of German companies investing in Greece and providing jobs. He cited the example of Krupps, which had been part of the industrial-military complex of Nazi Germany, continuing to provide services in Poland, another country that suffered greatly under the Third Reich.
Officials in Athens hinted that as “a last negotiating card” they could take the case to the international court of justice at The Hague. “We don't want to impose on the Germans how they are going to work with us,” said the deputy defence minister. “But what we are saying is this is an open issue, an open wound, and we have to solve it.”
It turns out the climate change deniers were right: There isn't 97% agreement among climate scientists. The real figure? It's not lower, but actually higher.
The scientific “consensus” on climate change has gotten stronger, surging past the famous — and controversial — figure of 97% to more than 99.9%, according to a new study reviewed by msnbc.
James L. Powell, director of the National Physical Sciences Consortium, reviewed more than 24,000 peer-reviewed papers on global warming published in 2013 and 2014. Only five reject the reality of rising temperatures or the fact that human emissions are the cause, he found.
RELATED: Pope Francis may drop political bombshell on climate change
“It's now a ruling paradigm, as much an accepted fact in climate science as plate tectonics is in geology and evolution is in biology,” he told msnbc. “It's 99.9% plus.”
Powell, a member of the National Science Board under Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush, decided to share an exclusive draft of his research on Tuesday — just days before Pope Francis is set to deliver a major address on climate change — because he doesn't want his holiness to reference outdated numbers.
“I don't want the Pope to say 97%,” Powell said by phone, arguing that accuracy now is more important than ever. “It's wrong, and it's not trivial.”
Close video Santorum lectures Pope on climate change Rick Santorum says he's more qualified than Pope Francis to talk about climate change. Michael Eric Dyson, John Fugelsang and Rob Boston talk it over. share tweet email save Embed
Pope Francis is preparing to charge into the political debate over climate change, citing “a very consistent scientific consensus” and the risk of “unprecedented destruction,” according to a leaked draft of Thursday's papal encyclical.
The notion of 97% agreement among climate scientists started with studies in 2009 and 2010. It wasn't until a 2013 study, however, that the figure went viral. President Barack Obama tweeted it. The comedian John Oliver set up a slapstick debate between a climate change denier and 97 of his peers.
But Powell argues that acceptance of man-made global warming has grown. The author of a new Columbia University Press book on scientific revolutions used an online database to compile a mountain of global warming papers published in the last two years.
He also tried a different approach than the earlier studies. Rather than search for explicit acceptance of anthropomorphic global warming, Powell searched for explicit rejection. All the papers in the middle, he figured, weren't neutral on the subject — they were settled on it.
RELATED: Santorum to Pope Francis: ‘Leave science to the scientists'
The results include work from nearly the entire population of working climate scientists — close to 70,000 scientists, often sharing their byline with three or four other authors. They also include a dwindling opposition: Powell could find only four solitary authors who challenged the evidence for human-caused global warming.
That's a rate of one dissenting voice for every 17,000 agreeing scientists, and it's not a strong voice. Powell called the four dissents “known deniers and crackpots,” and noted that their work had been cited only once by the wider academic community.
“I don't want the Pope to say 97%. It's wrong, and it's not trivial.” James L. Powell, director of the National Physical Sciences Consortium
Back in 2004, she became the first researcher to claim a “consensus” on climate change, finding a roughly 75% agreement within the literature.
“Scientists have done so much more work since then,” she said. For me, as a historian of science, it really feels like overkill. One starts to think, how many more times do we need to say this before we really get it and start to act on it?”
One reason for inaction of course is politics. Many of the world's leaders still doubt the science of climate change, assuming incorrectly that it's unsettled or exploratory. The view is especially prevalent among the current crop of Republican presidential candidates.
Earlier this month, for example, former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum told Fox News that the pope would be “better off leaving science to the scientists.” Jeb Bush, Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz, meanwhile, claim that the science remains vague or is made up entirely.
RELATED: Santorum to Pope Francis: ‘Leave science to the scientists'
That raises a second reason for inaction, according to Oreskes: intentional deception. Oreskes is the co-author of the “Merchants of Doubt,” a book that demonstrated how interest groups had undermined the science on tobacco, ozone depletion, acid rain and now climate change.
Many self-proclaimed “climate skeptics” no longer deny that the globe is warming, and some even acknowledge a human role in the new heat wave. Instead, they now say, warming is real — it just isn't dangerous. They also attack the idea of a consensus, whatever the percentage.
“Nothing has really changed there,” said Oreskes. “The details shift but the overall picture remains the same. It's a bit like Monet's water lilies; it can look different at different times of day but it's the same picture.”
Powell, however, hopes his work can finally close the debate, end the notion of doubt, move the frame ahead.
“There isn't any evidence against global warming and there isn't any alternative theory,” he said. “We've been looking for negative feedbacks and we've never found one that amounts to anything. It's not impossible that we will, but I wouldn't bet my grandchildren's future on it.”
An image from an app adapted from Dr. Seuss's “The Cat in the Hat.” (Oceanhouse Media)
Editorial Writer
Oh, the places you'll go! Unless, that is, you're 10 Dr. Seuss books donated by Melania Trump and your planned destination is the shelves of the Cambridgeport School library.
The first lady gave a collection of titles by the beloved children's author to award-winning education programs around the country. As kids learn at school, when you get a gift, even if it is unappealing or unnecessary, you take it and say thanks. What you do after that is up to you. That is not what happened in Cambridge, Mass.
Instead, school librarian Liz Phipps Soeiro wrote a letter back to Trump informing her that “we will not be keeping the titles for our collection.” Why? Her school is relatively wealthy; its library shelves are well-supplied already. But on top of that, Seuss is “a bit of a cliché” — and worse, he's a racist.
To support her argument, Soeiro cites scholarly work on “the minstrel characteristics” of Seuss's characters, or “caricatures.” The Cat in the Hat may have been based on blackface entertainers, and before his storybook career took off Seuss sketched cartoons filled with racist stereotypes, particularly of Japanese people.
Okay. So Seuss had issues. But so did a vast array of other authors, including pretty much anyone writes before, say, 1930. And Dr. Seuss books contain plenty of other lessons more amenable to the forward-thinking, from “The Lorax's” hit-you-over-the-head environmentalism to the anti-fascism of “Horton Hears a Who,” “Yertle the Turtle” and “The Sneetches.” As The Post's Rachel Chason points out, Seuss was also a champion for children's literacy, the same because Trump sought to promote when she sent out his books.
Dismissing Seuss's expansive oeuvre as “racist propaganda” is lazy. And, if the photo some online sleuth discovered that looks an awful lot like Soeiro dressed in a Cat-in-the-Hat outfit hugging “Green Eggs and Ham” to her chest is anything to go on, this anti-Seuss crusader doesn't actually disagree.
A librarian's role — and Cambridgeport's has a graduate degree in library science, so she should know it — is to curate a collection that represents a diverse set of viewpoints over an extended period of time so that readers can see the widest possible picture of the literary past and present. Her additional role as an educator is to provide students with the full context of any of those works, showing them how to understand the good, the bad and the ugly in it.
No school employee has an obligation to fawn over an administration whose policies they see as antithetical to their mission as an educator, and Soeiro's letter does include separate critiques of Education Secretary Betsy DeVos's agenda. But the way she chose to lash out against DeVos's regime — by rejecting a well-intentioned gift on disingenuous grounds — doesn't seem in line with that mission either.
Soeiro's letter to the first lady also included a list of 10 books that challenge the traditional literary canon. They include the tale of a Chinese-African-Cuban girl who breaks a taboo against female drummers, the saga of a Pakistani boy's victory over a bully in a kite battle and a story starring a Haitian American mother incarcerated because she is undocumented. In other words, the books on the list aim to help children go places that Dr. Seuss never imagined. Good. That's Soeiro's job. Adding Trump's choices to the stacks certainly won't keep her from doing it.
Being a Gear Geek, it's not unusual for me to take a few things with me on a hike. The most useful and important thing that I take on every hike (other than my phone) happens to be totally free: a hiking stick.
You can buy a hiking stick, even a ruggedly unprocessed one. You can buy an aluminum trekking poll and be that guy or gal on the mountain (and cause some damage to the scenery). You can even buy a broom handle or curtain rod and fix it up, but there is nothing quite like a handmade stick from a real live tree.
Hiking sticks have a ton of benefits. They help with balance and crossing over streams, they are good on steep ascents and descents, they can ward of unfriendly animals of the human and non-human variety, they help with pacing, and they take pressure off your joints.
Selecting a Species
Generally you're looking for a few things in a piece of wood that will be good for use as a hiking stick. You want a hardwood and not a softwood. Softwoods will check and warp in the drying process, and they're not very strong. Even larger softwood pieces aren't as strong as you'd think. Of the hardwoods, you should look for something that has a closed grain (for example, maple has a closed grain while oak has an open grain). Finally, you want something that is as close to straight as possible. Hickory, a common wood used in hiking sticks in the Midwest and South, is an excellent choice, but finding it in straight segments that are long enough to use is difficult. I really like maple as it is a hardwood with straight closed grains. It's also not obnoxiously heavy for a hardwood.
Once you've figured out what species of wood you want (and how to identify it), you need to find the right piece to make into a hiking stick. Most people prefer one of two sizes, either head height (like…um…Gandalf) or elbow height. I have found through lots of experimenting that I want something that puts my arm at a perfect 90-degree angles. I also like to try to incorporate some part of the tree into the hand rest/handle area. My current stick, which has about a 1,000 miles on it, has a nice branch crotch that I use as the handle:
The overall shape is very comfortable in the hand and has an excellent grip. Once you have found that just-right piece of wood, its time to process it.
Processing the Stick
First, you cut the piece into a manageable size. I have a stand of saplings near my house; it used to be an old growth forest before the train line came through and cut down all of the big trees, but now it is about a full square mile of nothing but stumps and saplings. These saplings make great sticks. I usually use a hand saw to cut down a particularly nice piece. Always cut something about a foot larger than you need. You will probably cut some off to size the stick to fit and to eliminate checked ends. If the trees aren't on your property, then take the appropriate steps to make sure it's okay to go on the land and cut down the trees. Also, be careful; all trees, even saplings, are top heavy and can be very unwieldy once cut.
Now that you have the piece cut, you have to figure out how you want to finish the stick. I've found that leaving the bark on when using maple is not a good idea. With other species it's different. Some species, like willow or hickory, can be varnished with the bark on and be fine. Maple's bark wants to fall off once the stick is dry, so it is probably best to remove it before varnishing. Either way, it is best to dry the stick out. Green lumber as a lot of water in it, and as it dries it will warp and check and potentially ruin the structural integrity of the stick. I usually use a piece of PVC tubing (to prevent lots of warping) and dry the stick out over a period of six months or so.
Once the stick is dry, I remove another layer of bark with sandpaper, and then I get the surface nice and smooth with progressively higher grits of sandpaper (starting with 60 going through 120 and stopping at 320). Then I generally round off the top, or I shape the handle a little to accentuate the natural features. Though not necessary, a Dremel is really helpful here.
After the basic shape of the stick is finalized and the surface is smooth, I varnish the stick. You can use a lot of different varnishes, but my experience has proven that Spar Varnish or Marine Varnish works best. I have made close to two dozen hiking sticks (and given many away as gifts), and Spar Varnish works the best. It is very thick, waterproof, and extremely durable. It's not as glossy, even in the high gloss version, as regular varnish but the durability upgrade is worth it. I usually do something like six to ten coats with wet sanding in between.
Finishing Touches
Once the varnish is dry, I size the stick and add an end cap. I don't think you have to do this, but it will improve the grip and durability of your hiking stick.
A simple rubber chair tip or ferrule works best, but I also like this ferrule from Lee Valley Hardware. I included one on a stick which was given to a good friend, and she really likes it. Finally, I like to drop a lanyard on my sticks. 550 Paracord works very well.
I generally don't stain my sticks. I don't like the look of stain, and the unevenness of the rough lumber causes serious splotching. From cut to carry, the process takes about 6 months of drying time and a week of actually working on it. You can get really fancy if you want, but I love the look of the simple, clean stick. In the hiking we have done, I've gotten great feedback on the stick in Acadia and locally. I can't remember the last hike where we saw people and someone didn't comment on the stick. Best of all, it's free.
A couple weeks ago I was involved in a car accident. After a three hour drive home in my mangled Tacoma, an hour-long conversation with Geico, a two hour trip to the ER and a CT Scan I was finally free to ‘relax'. I hadn't eaten since breakfast, but food was the furthest thing from my mind. My entire body ached, my head was throbbing, I was still in shock, I felt nauseous – everything you would expect after a serious collision.
As I'm driving home with my parents from the hospital I couldn't convince my dad to eat enough of my Oregon Burrito. I begged him “Please take half, I don't even want it”, to which he continually replied, “I only want a bite”. (If you know my dad you know how hard it is for him to turn down food. He must have felt really sorry for me.) Just looking at the Muchas Gracias bag that housed my burrito made me want to vomit. I didn't want to eat anything. Besides, I already had plans. I had a date with cannabis.
And the moment I exhaled that first hit, in the blink of an eye, everything felt better.
Suddenly my head didn't hurt so bad and my body didn't ache so much. With my new found physical wellness I was able to think back and reflect on the accident and my shock subsided. And that Oregon Burrito that was so nauseating just minutes before? Well, as my father described it, “You ate that whole thing like a savage. I didn't even get a bite!”
Can cannabis really do that? Can it relieve headaches? Physical pain? Shock? Nausea?
You bet your ass it can.
I left the ER with a prescription for Zofran, a pill that is supposed to prevent nausea and vomiting. I never filled the prescription. My mother gave me a bottle of 600mg Ibuprofen pills that are supposed to reduce inflammation. I never used them. No Tylenol, no Unisom, no nothing. I have taken no pills in the aftermath of the accident and I don't need to. All I need to make my recovery bearable is this one amazing plant we call cannabis. And what an amazing plant it is.
Cannabis is a weed. It can literally grow anywhere with little to no care at all and flourish. If you toss cannabis seeds out the window while driving on the highway you'll return months later and see cannabis plants growing on the side of the road. You can use every part of the plant; the bud, the leaves, the stem, the roots. You can use it to make some of the strongest fibers for rope and clothing. It's a great food source because it's packed full of vital nutrients essential to good healthy living. You can make paper out of it stronger than the paper we currently make from wood. It can be converted to biomass and used as an alternative source of fuel to oil and gas. Henry Ford made a car partly out of hemp, so did Lotus. You can make a house out of hemp. It has an almost limitless number of uses that could improve our way of life.
Thank god for Washington and Colorado. Those legalization wins are incredibly important. Before, if I didn't have my medical marijuana card I would have no protection from breaking federal law, and not everyone had that luxury. If you're looking for a new job you shouldn't have to stop using cannabis so you can pass a drug test. If you're sick you shouldn't have to stop taking your medicine because you're in public. And most importantly, you should never be locked in cage for using a natural herb. If you don't have a medical marijuana card you aren't protected the same, but Washington and Colorado residents won't have this problem moving forward.
I sympathize for people who can't get a medical card so much more after this car accident. Hell, a lot of people don't even have a medical marijuana program in their state, I feel even worse for them. This accident negatively affected almost every aspect of my life. Since the crash cannabis has helped me feel normal again, and it did so without any negative side effects. How could that be illegal?
Tim Duncan had a bad day today. He went 0-for-8 from the field in the Spurs' 116-105 win over the Bulls, finishing with three points.
This doesn't happen often. In fact, in Tim Duncan's 1,310 games,today's is the first in which he didn't record a made field goal.
That's pretty amazing. It isn't difficult for Duncan to score a basket in any given game, considering how many minutes he plays on average, but for him to go ONE THOUSAND, THREE HUNDRED AND TEN games and score in every one is absolutely incredible. It's a testament to how consistent he's been for the better part of two decades.
For comparison, LeBron has one game where he didn't score an FG, back in his second NBA season. Shaq had two -- he got injured in one. Kobe has had 23, the majority of them in his rookie season, but several others sprinkled along the way.
Duncan has avoided injury, bench stints, and bad games for an incredible amount of time. That should be appreciated.
(For the record, Michael Jordan scored an FG in every game he ever played.)
The executive arrives, flanked by an entourage that includes media handlers, assistants and a consigliore. Sometimes, but not always, the entourage fades into the background while interviews are conducted.
A routine CEO meeting with the press goes something like this:
Over the course of a three-hour interview sans entourage, Simons lends me his access pass to retrieve my phone from another floor, drives us from Old Quebec to a suburban Simons store in his wife's SUV (his second-hand Toyota RAV 4 with 200,000 clicks on it is in the shop — “I'm not a car guy,” he says) and answers questions in a searching, thoughtful, sometimes woolly way, touching on subjects like hubris, the importance of beauty in public spaces and flyfishing.
Imagine the surprise of meeting Peter Simons, the fifth-generation CEO of his family's Quebec apparel chain, which is expanding across Canada and into the GTA at Square One in March.
The CEO has been coached on the message he or she is to deliver. The time frame is often as short as 10 minutes — long enough for the CEO to get his or her message out, but not long enough that they get bored and start answering questions forthrightly.
Brian Winston, principal, Winston Collective, and a leading expert in luxury retailing in Canada, says Simons does a great job of blending high fashion with what people will wear. “The Edmonton store is doing exceedingly well for them and that was a big risk.” He says Simons has to grow to take advantage of efficiencies of scale and volume to compete effectively.
The 110,000-square-foot Simons store opening at Square One on March 17th will be the family's 12th, and their first in Ontario. A store in Ottawa is scheduled to open in August. Four other stores are in development.
Simons is in charge of a growing empire of stores — nine in Quebec, including three in Quebec City and one each in Montreal, Anjou, Laval, St. Bruno, Sherbrooke and Gatineau, as well as Edmonton and West Vancouver.
His brother, Richard, is vice-president of merchandising. “My brother and I had a really nice life — we used to go flyfishing together. Then we got this crazy dream to build this home-grown family business from coast to coast, and we thought we could do it better and in a more meaningful way than anyone else. That's when all hell broke loose.”
On the subject of the family business, Simons, 51 says, “My father could have sold, my grandfather could have sold, my great-grandfather could have sold — they would have had a really nice life,” as he sits in the plain office above the first store, on Côte-de-la-Fabrique in Quebec City.
Despite competitive pricing on a swath of products, Simons is emphatically not in the lowest-price game.
The range of products Simons sells, and its prices, will put them into play against everyone from Zara to Nordstrom, Hudson's Bay, Saks Fifth Avenue, La Vie en Rose and Victoria's Secret.
“We're going to build a world-class company in Canada,” says Simons. “We're going to try to make some really good long-term choices. The world can't have boiled down to everyone just wanting the lowest price at Wal-Mart. I am sensing a much more responsible-consumption purchasing pattern developing. People are finding a new equilibrium between quality and value, and it's just not disposable fashion and I think we're really well-positioned to do that.”
The stores have a robust system for reporting back comments and suggestions from customers. Simons himself gets 20 letters a week; he replies to most of them.
Three years ago Simons made an expensive decision to raise wages for everyone in the company, across the board.
“Some people have this fundamental pleasure and desire to serve others and others don't,” says Simons. “Some people see it as degrading, let's be honest. I don't. And I'm looking for people who don't.”
The result? Low staff turnover.
“This was my first job,” says Jeanne Morain, a Simons employee of more than 45 years. “Working here is extraordinary.”
Same-store-sales growth is strong, the new stores are doing well, annual sales are about $400 million, says Simons.
There have been mistakes — including the expense of the West Edmonton Mall store, their first outside Quebec. “I think we went overboard with the architecture in that store,” says Simons.
“There are moments, probably, if we had been a public company, I would have lost my job. The last five years have been very demanding on companies. But these moves in retail have to be made not just thinking about the next quarter – these are thing that will take fruit five years from now. The average CEO lasts five to seven years. We have spent the last five years making investments in a way that we think makes sense for five-10-20 years.”
Family businesses are notoriously difficult to maintain through multiple generations, giving rise to the proverb: From shirtsleeves to shirtsleeves in three generations. Simons is aware of the proverb and the peril.
“A constant theme in our business is humility. The problem is controlling yourself on the way up. It's human. It's at the root of tragedy,” he says.
Simons skis, lives on Īle d'Orléans with his family, vacations deep in the woods at a rough-hewn family fishing camp near La Tuque — getting offline is the new luxury. He is aware of fashion, but not ruled by it. He wears a skinny tie and a Masters of Sweden suit. Nothing flashy.
He is a courteous driver, observing speed limits, ceding to others. “I try to teach my kids — you hold the door for someone and you don't cut someone off in traffic. It does a lot to make the city a more civilized space,” he says.
As we pull into the Place Sainte-Foy shopping centre, home to a recently renovated Simons, he says he's not too worried about the Zara next door. “I like Zara being here. You can't avoid the fight. You have to get into the ring,” he says.
“In the end it all, comes back though to: do people want to have a community where there's responsible businesses working in it — do they care? That's the question. I can't answer that for people. But that's the kind of business we want to build and we'll take our chances.
“I'm not here for the next quarter. We're trying to be here for 200 years.
“I guess I am gambling people will appreciate the values part of what makes us unique.”
Translating Simons
How do you pronounce Simons?
For generations, Simons was an insider secret. Quebec men and women knew where to go for fashion at almost any price point, and that place was Simons, which for more than a century only had stores in the provincial capital. It was considered worth the drive.
In the province of Quebec, Simons enjoys 100 per cent brand awareness. In Quebec City, where Simons was founded by Scottish immigrant John Simons in 1840 as a dry goods store, residents speak of the store and the family with a kind of low-grade fervour.
Simons, says Gisèle Grandbois, a resident of the Old Port in Quebec City, is one of the few English words in Quebec that continues to be pronounced in English, as SYE-munz, not see-MON, as if it were a French name.
No two Simons stores are alike, says Peter Simons. Each one is inspired by the unique location it occupies in a city. Simons commissions works by local and Canadian artists — among them Douglas Coupland — to adorn its stores.
The Square One store will include a sculpture by ceramic artist Brendan Tang, a floating staircase and a 30-foot illuminated wall, suspended from the ceiling. A store in Calgary and another in Edmonton are planned in 2017. Simons is also considering a store at Scarborough Town Centre in 2018 and one at Yorkdale in 2019.
How big is the company? Simons employs more than 2,000 people, including an in-house design team.
What's its style? Simons carries local, international and luxury designer brands, but its real focus is its own private labels, designed in Quebec, interpreting current fashion worldwide with a French sensibility and flair.
What does it have for men? Simons' idea is to give customers the pieces they need to create their own looks, including a robust selection of menswear under the private labels Djab and Le 31, and in a daring setting – the stores in Edmonton and Anjou featured construction-site porta potties as changerooms.
And for women? The private-label Simons brands for women include Twik, Icône and Contemporaine, covering all age groups and lifestyles; Miiyu for lingerie and iFive for activewear.
What about for the home? Simons also sells unique housewares – blankets, pillows, linens and tableware.
Does it do e-commerce: Simons invested early in e-online shopping and the website is nimble. On Black Friday online business was so strong, Simons went to bed thinking: Please, Lord, let's just sell a little less tonight. They ended up with half a million pieces to be shipped. Simons gathered everyone up from the office, designers and secretaries alike. “Forget your job, we're all going down to pack,” he told them.
Environmental health groups analyzing government air quality data have concluded ozone smog from domestic oil and gas production is causing hundreds of thousands of asthma attacks in children under 18 – with Colorado and metro Denver among places the hardest hit.
A Clean Air Task Force study unveiled Wednesday found there are more than 750,000 summertime asthma attacks in kids nationwide linked to ozone smog from oil and gas pollution. The study calculated 32,477 asthma attacks every summer afflicting kids in Colorado, which ranked third behind Texas and Oklahoma, and 20,466 cases in the Denver-Aurora area, which ranked fifth behind Dallas, New York, Washington D.C. and Houston.
The task force is a non-profit public health and environment advocacy group based in Boston. Its scientists worked with Colorado State University scientists, and used EPA and U.S. Census Bureau data, modeling emissions, air quality and health impacts. They teamed with Earthworks, a Washington D.C. environmental group, in producing the 24-page “Gasping for Breath” analysis.
These advocacy groups favor stronger federal standards to project people from oil and gas industry methane and other air pollution.
Related Articles February 25, 2019 Colorado gas prices remain cheaper than 42 other states nationwide
February 19, 2019 Denver CEO of oil and gas firm accused of defrauding Weld County landowner
February 18, 2019 Crestone Peak working toward four new well pads in Firestone
February 15, 2019 John Hickenlooper says he has an answer for New Hampshire Democrats who want to beat Trump
February 15, 2019 Groups suing over gas drilling near homes in Battlement Mesa on the Western Slope
State government regulations in Colorado for oil and gas companies include rules aimed at ensuring companies control methane and volatile organic compound emissions.
Oil and gas industry groups on Wednesday rejected the study, disputing its findings and denouncing the environmental health groups as untrustworthy activists.
Metro Denver and Fort Collins rank high among U.S. cities in ozone pollution, for which Front Range air has fallen out of compliance with federal health standards. Air quality experts have blamed population growth, the oil and gas industry, vehicle pollution and coal-fired power plants for the elevated ozone.
“This groundbreaking analysis shows that, even if you live nowhere near oil and gas facilities, oil and gas air pollution can threaten your health in Denver, in Colorado, and across the United States,” Earthworks spokesman Alan Septoff said.
“To reduce this threat, the state of Colorado must provide the staff and resources to enforce its precedent-setting rules intended to cut oil and gas air pollution from existing operations, including methane, VOCs and air toxics like benzene and formaldehyde,” Septoff said. “And the Environmental Protection Agency should do the same nationwide.”
The report estimates health effects that can be attributed to ozone linked to air pollution from oil and gas facilities. A team of researchers including CSU scientist Tammy Thompson relied on pollution measurements from the EPA's national emissions inventory, which compiles data from state, local and tribal agencies.
The researchers first ran data on ozone pollution from all industries through a widely used computer model to project the health consequences, such as asthma attacks and lost school days. Then they ran the data using the same model minus the emissions from oil and gas facilities, said Lesley Fleischman, lead author of the report.
They worked out the difference to determine the air quality and health impact linked to air pollution from oil and gas facilities, Fleischman said.
Colorado Oil and Gas Association spokesman Doug Flanders said industry emissions are improving in the state. He attacked Earthworks as a “keep-it-in-the-ground activist group” that cannot be trusted.
Center for Regulatory Solutions director Matt Dempsey called the analysis “alarmist” and said environmental health advocates' report was not “peer-reviewed” by independent scientists and shouldn't be taken seriously.
“The information in this report is misleading and wrong,” Dempsey said.
Clean Air Task Force advocacy director Conrad Schneider replied saying the analysis “used the most up-to-date official government inventories available” and said researchers “gave industry credit for implementing all applicable state and federal regulations.”
The researchers over a year relied on standard methods that Colorado regulators use when presenting plans to try to meet ozone standards to EPA officials, Schneider said. “And we fully expect that the CSU researcher that performed the analysis will publish the results in a peer-reviewed journal.”
Asthma is a chronic lung disease in which airways are narrowed and inflamed, leading to wheezing, chest tightness, shortness of breath and coughing. Nearly 23 million Americans have asthma, including an estimated 6.1 million kids. Asthma disproportionately affects children and lower-income families.
We are entering the billionaire bailout society.
For the past thirty years we have minted billionaires, and we have created the most unequal distribution of wealth since 1928-29. This didn't happen by accident. We deliberately deregulated the financial sector and we deliberately eliminated the steep progressive taxes on the super-rich that had kept in check our income distribution.
By unleashing capital and finance we were supposed to get an enormous investment boom in real goods and services. Instead we got a fantasy finance boom as Wall Street marketed derivatives to those with excess capital.
We also got the biggest crash since the Great Depression.
Perhaps the most dramatic measure of our emerging billionaire bailout society is seen by comparing compensation for the top 100 CEOs and to that of average workers (the 100 million or so non-supervisory production workers). In 1970 the ratio was 45 to 1. By 2006 it was 1,723 to one. (The Looting of America p.167)
Another critical feature of the billionaire bailout society is the creation of institutions that are too big to fail. Historically, our anti-trust division was supposed to prevent that. But it became another casualty of our grand deregulatory experiment. So financial institutions grew to the point where their failure would bring down our system. We tested that idea last fall when we let Lehman Brothers go under: It crashed global financial markets and moved us to the brink of a depression.
So in our billionaire bailout society we bail them out instead of breaking them up. We bail out all of them - not just the basket cases like A.I.G, Citigroup, GM etc. The popular media line is that once a financial institution repays TARP, it no longer is on government welfare. No so.
TARP is only one of the many government bailout programs that pours billions into the coffers of Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan Chase and, Morgan Stanley. Their bottom-lines and bonuses, for example, were fattened when we allowed A.I.G. to pay off its bets (with our money) at par value to these large financial institutions. Had A.I.G. gone under they all would have been on the edge of collapse.
As Joe Nocera put it in the New York Times :
So let's add it up: the $12.9 billion in A.I.G. help, the $10 billion in TARP, the F.D.I.C. guarantee program, the easy money trading distressed securities into the TALF program. I can't say for sure how much of the $16 billion the firm has set aside for bonuses can be attributed to government assistance of one form or another. But it's got to be a fairly substantial amount -- at least $2 billion or $3 billion.
And that's a very conservative estimate. It might be the case that the entire bonus pool is equal to the subsidies pulled in from taxpayer support. But this is to be expected in our billionaire bailout society.
Perhaps the most damaging feature of our billionaire bailout society is the "jobless recovery." This oxymoron refers to an economy that is growing, but that can't produce nearly enough jobs to reach full employment (an unemployment rate below 5 percent). Our current jobless recovery will be the worst ever. Right now the BLS (U6) jobless rate stands at 17.0 percent -- and climbing. (This counts those without work plus those who have part-time jobs because they can't find full-time work.) If the billionaire bailout society becomes permanent, we may never see full employment again.
Why is that? Because you don't need a full employment society to mint billionaires. Reflect for a moment on Goldman Sachs. They do not have individual depositors. They are not public brokers. They do not make loans to small business. They are in the business of making money by playing the financial markets, from mergers and acquisitions, from trading, and from creating and selling fantasy finance instruments.
In our billionaire bailout society these are unquestioned positive activities. But what value do they produce in the real economy? What is their contribution to market efficiency? How do they lower the cost of capital? How do these activities create jobs in the real economy? Good luck answering those questions because they don't do any of that. They just make money for themselves while producing little or no value to our society.
It's obvious we need to break up these large institutions so that we won't have to bail them out the next time around -- which may come sooner than expected given the lack of jobs and the fact that the financial casino is open again.
But we can't solve the bailouts without addressing the billionaire part of the equation.
Two years ago the richest 400 Americans had a combined wealth of $1.57 trillion. Last year during the crash their wealth dropped to "only" $1.27 trillion. Now they are set to rise again. We need to tie their wealth of our richest to putting our people back to work.
Here's the simplest and most controversial approach: a 10 percent wealth tax on all those with more than $500 million -- until unemployment drops below 5 percent. The money collected would come to about $150 billion a year. That money should be directly invested in public works programs to put our people to work -- a Green Corps to weatherize every home and office in the country -- a Youth Corps to provide work for unemployed high school and college graduates.
(I realize that many Americans detest the idea of taxing anyone's assets, even billionaires'. But let's be realistic: That's where our society's wealth has gone and we need that wealth to put people back to work. Some billionaires do create large numbers of jobs, but not enough. They can contribute more and not feel a bit of pain or suffering.)
To break away from the billionaire bailout society we need to tie the creation of wealth to the creation of work. We no longer have a system that can produce an adequate number of jobs through the normal working of the business cycle. The invisible hand of the market just won't do it. That's why it's called a jobless recovery. We need direct intervention.
But more importantly, we need to end our pell-mell slide into the billionaire bailout society in which everyone is out for themselves. We need to pull together to create a full employment society that can tackle our most pressing needs. Billionaires, no matter how thoughtful, kind, generous and inventive, can't do that for us.
We once understood that the common good required full employment. We once understood that the common good was more precious than individual riches. We once believed that public service to achieve such goals was a high calling. I hope that spirit still lies within us.
For those of you unfamiliar, I have posted a yearly update of my deck in the Pimp Legacy Decks thread on MTGthesource ever since 2008 (I keep links to each year's update on the home page at the bottom of the additional information tab under "other").
Within the last year, I've made a bunch of signed card connections due to the Givememana's Signed Magic: the Gathering cards group on Facebook. I was fortunate enough to be invited by an old friend – Jay Palmer, who is also into signed cards. Through him I met Asuka Joy Goess, Paul Luxton and a few other wonderful individuals (I can't thank these people enough!), I now manage to find myself very close to my goal of 75/75 signed cards in my already Japanese foil Legacy Storm deck. As I make this post, I am currently at 70/75.
Below you will find my storm deck's main deck, sideboard, additional cards and as a bonus, you can view my EDH deck!
Main Deck:
Sideboard and Dividers:
Extra Cards:
I just learned the other day of a new book on a case once labeled, "the crime of the century," but now almost completely forgotten. The title: Foreign Faction: Who Really Kidnapped JonBenet? The author: James Kolar, a lead investigator during the reign of DA Mary Lacy, who famously exonerated John and Patsy Ramsey on the basis of a few miniscule fragments of so-called "intruder DNA." Thankfully, Kolar is not among those convinced by that very dubious "evidence." On the contrary, according to an excellent review, New Clues in JonBenet Ramsey Murder, recently published in the Daily Beast, Kolar's book presents strong evidence against the intruder theory -- implying, of course, that the murder was an inside job. I agree.
The publication of this new book, which I promptly ordered as soon as I found out about it, has prompted me, in spite of many misgivings, to once again plunge into the fray of this case, which for too many years, back in the late 90's and early 00's, as a regular poster on several Internet forums, occupied far too much of my attention and proved an endless source of frustration and annoyance, not only to me, but most of my fellow iSleuths. My problem was that I had solved it.
CSU point guard Jon Octeus (5) is the latest player to leave the Mountain West for reasons other than running out of eligibility. (Photo: Christopher Hanewinckel/USA TODAY Sports )
CSU point guard Jon Octeus is the most recent player to leave a Mountian West school this offseason, but he's far from the first.
The conference, known more for having incoming transfers rather than outgoing, has seen a lot of turnover in the past few months. Here is a breakdown of all the players to leave the Mountain West recently for reasons other than exhausting their eligibility.
Jon Octeus (CSU): The most recent player to leave — and the most surprising — was the Rams' starting point guard. Few details have surfaced so far regarding Octeus' decision, but the leader of the Colorado State University program averaged 13.4 points and 4.7 rebounds per game as a junior last season.
He is one of four Rams to hit the road since their season ended in a loss to Utah State in the Mountain West tournament.
Marcus Holt (CSU): Holt didn't see a lot of minutes for the Rams in his one season with the program and his departure wasn't surprising. His biggest strength is shot blocking and causing problems around the rim on defense.
He hasn't found a landing spot yet, but is looking at transferring to a handful of Division I programs, including Northern Colorado.
Dwight Smith (CSU): Smith's move was another one that didn't surprise most fans, though their hearts did break to see him go. He was a fan-favorite who helped rebuild the CSU program with former coach Tim Miles, but injuries constantly plagued his tenure under Larry Eustachy.
Smith has transferred to Northern Colorado, located about a half hour east of Fort Collins, and will be eligible to play immediately since he graduated from CSU in the spring.
David Cohn (CSU): At one point, Eustachy called Cohn the future of the CSU program, but after an up-and-down freshman season where he had little impact during Mountain West play, the Chicagoland native decided to transfer to William & Mary.
The point guard averaged 3.9 points, 1.2 rebounds and 0.9 assists per game, but saw his defensive skills improve exponentially as the year progressed.
Deville Smith (UNLV): Smith, a guard, started 32 of 33 games for Dave Rice's Rebels last season and averaged 9.7 points in the process.
He played only one year for UNLV after transferring from Mississippi State and is one of five Rebels to leave the program this offseason.
Bryce Dejean-Jones: Dejean-Jones is making a nice college tour of the United States. After transferring to UNLV from USC, the 6-foot-5 guard announced this offseason he'd be playing out his senior year at Iowa State, making the Cyclones an immediate contender for the Big 12 title.
Khem Birch (UNLV): Behind Wyoming's Larry Nance Jr., Birch was the Mountain West's best defensive player last season. He consistently punished any guard foolish enough to drive the lane by blocking their shot.
He decided to declare for the NBA draft.
Roscoe Smith (UNLV): Another Rebel who's leaving early for the NBA draft, Smith was a key cog for UNLV in 2013-14, averaging 11.1 points and 10.9 rebounds per game.
He played one season for Rice after transferring from Connecticut (had to sit out 2012-13) season.
Demetris Morant (UNLV): Morant didn't have much an impact at UNLV. As a redshirt freshman last year, the Las Vegas native played in 13 games and scored eight points.
He's transferring to Florida Gulf Coast to be closer to his father, who suffered a stroke.
Alex Kirk (New Mexico): Kirk was one of the Mountain West's most versatile players last season and toughest to defend. He was a monster in the paint, averaging 13.3 and 8.7 rebounds per game, but had a surprising ability to step out and shoot the 3-pointer.
The 7-footer is entering the NBA draft after three seasons with the Lobos.
Cleveland Thomas (New Mexico): Thomas was known better for his nickname, "Pancake", than what he did on the court for New Mexico, but he was a young player who showed flashes of greatness, averaging 3.9 points and 2.4 rebounds per game.
Thomas is transferring to Hartford.
Other New Mexico players: Neither were as big of names as Kirk or Thomas, but sophomore Nick Banyard and freshman Tim Myles have left the Lobos' program.
Banyard, a forward, averaged 1.7 points and 1.6 rebounds per game last season. Myles, not to be confused with Nebraska coach Tim Miles, averaged 4 minutes per game, but never scored.
James Johnson (San Diego State): No high-profile players are leaving the Aztecs program, but Johnson will finish out his college career at his third university.
He came to SDSU from Virginia and is heading back east to play one season for Liberty, led by former CSU coach Dale Layer. the 6-10 forward averaged 9.1 minutes per game as a junior.
Kyle Davis (Utah State): The Aggies took some serious hits this offseason, losing five players who weren't scrubs. Davis started in 27 of 29 games for Utah State, averaging 9.7 points and 7.6 rebounds.
The 6-foot-7, 225-pound forward has decided to leave Logan, Utah, and travel south to Provo, playing out his final seasons for USU rival Brigham Young.
Marcel Davis (Utah State): He's of no relation to Kyle, but this Davis from Utah State made 11 starts as a sophomore this past season, shooting 41.3 percent from the field.
Davis was known for his ability to distribute the ball, averaging 2.7 in 17 minutes per game. Where he'll play next year hasn't been announced.
Jordan Stone (Utah State): Stone has one season of eligibility remaining and he'll spend it at BYU-Hawaii since he's already graduated from Utah State.
He was a force inside at center for the Aggies in 2013-14 and while not as athletic as Jarred Shaw was, he could do some damage on both ends of the floor. He only averaged 2.7 points per game, but shot the ball at 60.3 percent, relied on more for defensive production.
Danny Berger (Utah State): Berger will join Stone at BYU-Hawaii, but according to school press release, he left Utah State in search of more playing time rather than looking for something new after graduation. He played in 28 games this past season, averaging 3.2 points and 1.9 rebounds.
He'll have one season of eligibility remaining.
Utah State freshman center Carson Banks is transferring to North Dakota. He didn't play last season.
Cole Huff (Nevada): Huff was in line to be Nevada's go-to player during his junior season in 2014-15, but has instead decided to transfer.
The 6-foot-8 forward averaged 12.4 points and 5.4 rebounds per game last season and shot 40.3 percent from 3-point range. He'll play at Creighton after sitting out next season.
D.J. Brown (San Jose State): It's hard to fault Brown for his decision to leave the Spartans. He has one year of eligibility remaining and SJSU has been disqualified from postseason competition due to poor APR scores.
Brown will transfer to Texas State, where he'll bring his 5.7 points and 2.8 assists per game with him. He graduated and can play immediately.
Air Force: Tre' Coggins was, hands-down, Air Force's best player last season and a much-needed boost after the graduation of Michael Lyons, but had he stuck around another season, Coggins would have been locked into a five-year military contract.
The 6-foot-2 guard from California hasn't announced yet where he'll play the rest of his career at. He averaged 16 points, 2.7 rebounds and 2.6 assists as a sophomore.
Freshman center Darrius Parker, who became more of a force later in the year, is transferring, too.
Boise State: Neither made much of an impact for the Broncos last season and neither are sticking around to make one in the future. Joey Nebeker is transferring to College of Idaho, Edmunds Dukulis hasn't announced his next destination.
Both averaged about 1.3 points per game last season.
Boise State will return most of its key players in 2014-15.
Wyoming: Two rarely-used Wyoming players have left the program this offseason in Austin Haldorson and Keonta Vernon.
Haldorson, who's transferring to Fort Lewis, averaged 0.5 points per game this season and Vernon acquired no stats. He's heading to junior college to play at Southern Idaho.
Addison District 4 declares impasse in teacher contract talks
hello
The Addison Elementary District 4 school board has declared an impasse in contract negotiations with its teachers union.
The board filed notice with the Illinois Educational Labor Relations Board on Thursday night saying talks have reached a standstill.
The notice means both the district and the union now have one week to exchange final contract offers.
The two sides previously planned to meet Thursday for a fifth session with a federal mediator, but no bargaining took place.
Instead, the district's negotiating team alerted the Addison Teachers Association of its intent to file the notice after nearly eight months at the bargaining table.
The district and the union must deliver their offers in writing to each other and the labor relations board by no later than Nov. 3.
"It's a simple request that we put the offers out there so we can make some decisions and make some commitments to each other," Superintendent John Langton said Friday.
Unless negotiators hammer out a deal, the state labor board will disclose the details of the offers on its website (Illinois.gov/elrb) on Nov. 10. The district's proposal also would be posted on its website.
The district and the union still can negotiate, but have not scheduled any meetings.
"Nothing prohibits either side from continuing to bargain," Langton said.
Teachers have been working under the terms of the most recent contract, a three-year pact that expired at the end of June.
Talks on a new contract began March 9. After 11 bargaining sessions, the board requested in August that the two sides make a joint request for a federal mediator.
Negotiators made some progress last spring with tentative agreements on "smaller issues," but were unable to agree on teacher salaries and benefits, Langton said.
A first-year teacher in the district who has a bachelor's degree now makes $41,605 a year. The district does not use a traditional salary schedule with so-called step increases based on teachers' length of service.
The district and the union met four times with the mediator in September and early October.
"Our offers have been reflective of wanting to fairly compensate them within our means, and I believe that our last and final offer is going to reflect that," Langton said.
Kim Heupel, a union official and teacher at Stone Elementary, did not immediately return phone and email messages seeking comment Friday. Jim Towns, the school board's vice president and chairman of the district's negotiating team, also did not return calls.
The union represents more than 300 members in the district, where about 4,300 children attend classes in an early learning center, seven elementary schools and one junior high.
At Sara McMann's middle school there was this girl.
She was from a wealthy family, popular without being particularly well-liked – the kind of girl who's a terror at that age. She made up rumors about other girls. She entertained herself by destroying reputations. She took special aim at the girls who were not as popular or from families as wealthy as hers, so it was only a matter of time before she got around to McMann, who was from a poor family known to be a little rough around the edges.
When one of McMann's friends warned this girl that maybe it was a bad idea to pick on McMann, who already was well acquainted with violence at that point, the girl laughed it off, mocking McMann and the very idea that she should be concerned about her.
“That was the end of the school year,” McMann told MMAjunkie. “The next school year, I came back and broke her nose.”
This anecdote was first relayed to me by a mutual acquaintance who just happened to be a classmate of McMann's at that school. She's an adult now, in her 30s, and she still remembers the day that McMann beat up the school bully as “a real feel-good moment.” Especially as a disaffected teenager, it struck her as a moment where life seemed briefly fair, where people got what they deserved. This, to hear McMann tell it, was kind of the point.
“That's exactly what that was aiming to do,” McMann said. “She was a girl who spread these rumors just to destroy other girls' reputations. There was one girl who, her family was rich, but she wasn't quite as cool. This other girl made up these mean nicknames for her and started these terrible rumors that weren't true, and she just thought she'd get away with it because she was the popular girl. I was a poor girl with nothing to lose. I didn't care if I got transferred. I just felt like, listen, you're probably going to get your way with a lot of things in life, but you don't get to get away with this.”
That was how the future Olympic silver medalist solved the problem of being an underdog in life back then. She didn't get to do the extracurricular activities other kids did, she said. She never recalls going to a school dance, “because that stuff cost money.”
McMann didn't have money, but she did have violence. She still has it, though in a much different form, and she's still finding ways to use it that inspire and help others, only now without getting kicked out of school for it.
So when a man named Mike Kelly approached her about visiting the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation in South Dakota to talk to the kids there, and when he explained that he couldn't pay her a cent for her time, McMann didn't have to think too hard before telling him she'd do it. Once Kelly explained what the situation was in Pine Ridge, consistently one of the nation's poorest Indian reservations, McMann knew that she wanted to help.
“For me, having come from a similar type background where I was working from scratch, starting from the negative side in life, that's something I could relate to,” McMann said. “I really believe that one positive influence in a kid's life – not necessarily me, but maybe a wrestling coach or guidance counselor, somebody – can change the whole course of a child's life, because they're so malleable at that age. I know I was like that.”
It turns out that Kelly knew it too. He first visited Pine Ridge shortly after the September 11 attacks. A beloved football coach whom he had been very close to had been killed that day, he said, and several people from the company his wife worked for died in the World Trade Center. After all that trauma, Kelly said, he and his wife wanted to “get off the grid” for a little while, so they went to South Dakota.
While there, Kelly, who works with kids with disabilities, did some research on the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation in the southern part of the state and decided that he had to visit.
“I was moved by what I saw,” Kelly said. “You keep hearing about the destitute population, how poor it is there. And it was impoverished, probably the most impoverished place I'd been to in the country. But the people there, they were just so wonderful that I said, ‘I want to come back and help.'”
He didn't have the money to write them a check, but what he did have was time and energy. He put both to work in trying to find figures who might inspire the kids of Pine Ridge, who seemed to him in danger of slipping into the hopelessness of lifelong poverty, giving up on any chance of improving their lives and giving into the temptations of drugs or alcohol, merely to numb the pain of existence.
The most popular sport on the reservation is basketball. But, Kelly said, “I'd probably have a better chance of finding Jimmy Hoffa and the Loch Ness monster having dinner together than I would of convincing Kobe Bryant or Lebron James to go do something like this without paying them.”
So he looked at the second-most popular sport, which is usually a toss-up between wrestling and boxing and, increasingly, mixed martial arts. That just happened to be right in Kelly's wheelhouse.
“I was moved three times in my life,” Kelly said. “The first time I heard a Beatles song, the first time I saw my wife, and the first time I saw UFC 1 on a video tape that I found in the bargain bin in a Blockbuster Video, circa 1997.”
He set out to find fighters who would be willing to visit the reservation for a few days, but not just any fighters. He wanted ones who the kids there could relate to, ones who could stand as living proof that starting at the bottom does not doom a person to stay there. He started with former Bellator fighter Dan Hornbuckle, himself a member of the Eastern Band Cherokee tribe. When he learned more about McMann's upbringing and her past, including the murder of her brother in 1999 and the death of her fiancee in a car accident in 2004, he knew he'd found someone who could speak honestly about what it meant to persevere and overcome.
“I'm very selective with who I pick,” Kelly said. “I'd never have Paris Hilton or Kim Kardashian show up to the reservation. They haven't achieved what someone like Sara has, and they haven't started where she started.”
That's the message McMann brought to the kids of Pine Ridge when she visited three different schools there earlier this month, she said. The often media shy UFC women's bantamweight has made it a point to keep her private life private when dealing with a media hungry for pre-fight sound bites, she admitted, but it's in these talks where she feels like the personal details of her life and her struggle are actually put to good use.
“Truthfully, there are things I revealed in those talks that the media doesn't know about,” McMann said. “When I'm talking to these kids and revealing those intimate details of my life, it's because I can look out in the crowd and see kids nodding their heads. They've been in some of those same situations. That feels like a more pure reason to talk about it, because I'm up there opening up, talking about some of the most difficult things I've ever had to face, and talking about them publicly. But if I'm asked about those things and it's to promote a fight, that feels more sleazy to me. It's like I'm selling those intimate details of my life rather than giving them to people who can use them to help change their lives. There's a different feeling for me. The intention is very important to me.”
It was important to Kelly, as well. That's part of the reason why he wanted McMann, he said. Not only did she conduct free seminars for a local fight team – The Rez Rumblerz, coached by Dave Michaud Sr., the father of UFC welterweight David Michaud – she also spoke to auditoriums full of kids who were clearly touched by what she had to say, according to Kelly.
“At two of the three schools she spoke at, and the kids initiated this themselves, which is kind of rare for teenagers, they gathered around her and sang a ceremonial song paying her respect,” Kelly said. “I'm in my 50s and there's not much that moves me – I guess I've become cynical in some respects – but I had to hold back the tears.”
As for McMann, she was “blown away” by the song, but possibly even more impressed that so many teenagers actually seemed interested in what she had to say. After growing up believing that violence was the only sure way to get people's attention, she got to see that her story in itself has the power to help change people's lives.
“I think it helps that I'm not some person who's had all the right things and done everything perfectly and I just trained really hard and things fell together,” McMann said. “I mean, I've taken some hits in life. I know some of them have too. I even met some kids who were legally emancipated from their parents, living on their own, and they were still in high school. I felt like I could be a good example that you don't have to have all the right things in life, all the doors already open for you, in order to do great things. In fact, I truly believe that a lot of people who do great things, many of them have come from harder backgrounds and took some of those hits in life.”
Having heard McMann's story, maybe there are some kids in Pine Ridge with reason to believe it too.
I never thought as a product designer that I'd be writing a piece about security and the internet of things, but it turns out it's useful to think about and shapes the way we design interactions for a connected world. For me this goes back to the Fitbit sex scandal where, when given the opportunity, users were very happy tagging their physical activity with a little too much information.
Fitbit (see disclosure) had assumed that transparency about one's own data would make people responsible for it. No such luck, so they had to impose a “private by default” setting overnight. Knowing and understanding the landscape around the privacy and security issues we will encounter in the world of connected devices means that we have to rethink our policies around the data and the objects. Only then can we design interactions that make sense and tools people can use.
Advertisement
What I and many others are suggesting would probably extend existing Consumer Protection and Data Protection Acts around the world, because they often assume a process of publishing that is straightforward: Data gets published or gets posted. Yet, in the internet of things, we might have lots of different directions, platforms and owners involved in any given interaction. The firmware provided, the sensor manufacturer in charge of calibration, the app developers, the data centers, the API developers, social media sites, etc. all will play a role.
My efforts here can also be seen as adding to the recently published Bill of Rights from Limor Fried, the founder of Adafruit, on the same subject.
Let's start with an example: a Wi-Fi-enabled scale. You would weigh yourself with it and it posts your weight to a Twitter feed of your choice (private or public). We're assuming there's a Wi-Fi chip, a pressure sensor, maybe other sensors included in the scale for future use. There's also software and firmware updates. There's a cloud service where the data is stored. There's an app that helps you keep track, maybe that app has an API so you can get recommendations about dieting.
So in service design terms, the scale and resulting services have lots of potential “touch points.” But what happens when insurance companies start to follow the hashtag on Twitter and send you messages hoping you'll sign up to their health insurance if your thin. Or conversely remind you that you are too fat for their current policy?
What if the Wi-Fi packets can be sniffed so someone can ascertain if you weigh too little to be dangerous against a really bulky robber? What if brands start to sell you healthy salads, shakes, and more based on your trend of weight loss on your tweets? Say a hacker sniffs the data packets sent by your scale and it turns out there are more sensors which produce data that aren't used currently (like a tiny speaker/mic) and those sensors can tell when you're around your home.
What if there's a database issue and you get shown data online that doesn't add up to what your product tells you. Who do you believe? Even though some of these scenarios are a little extreme, it paints a useful picture for a conversation about what can be done about data rights and who should do it. There are some ideas:
Privacy
Consumers should have the right to know what data is being collected about them and why.
Reasonable efforts should be made to protect confidentiality and privacy of the consumer.
Explicit permission should be granted from the consumer if a third party or service provider receives requests to de-anonymize the data set
None of this exists right now, if I buy the scale, it's pretty opaque why data is being gathered apart from whatever mobile experience I may have. I don't know what other sensors are there, pushing out data, but I should know. This means we might end up with short URLs printed at the bottom of every connected object that points to the data being gathered by that particular object. A Data Collection Act. Something akin to the provenance and recycling signs on most plastic goods. This is also data someone might be able to “claim” the way someone can claim a Twitter account if they are the owner.
Publishing
Consumers must be granted license to any machine-generated data that is created, collected or otherwise generated that relates to them.
Service providers should inform data subjects that deleting all copies of data may be technically unfeasible once published.
Where data is collected from public space, consumers and service providers should have a role in decision-making and governance.
Consumers should have the right to remain anonymous, and/or have the ability to license data on an anonymous basis and/or at a different granularity/resolution (e.g. temporal or spatial).
This is very much part of the conversation about the value of data. Like selling your home-generated energy back to the grid. If my scale is helping a company understand weight fluctuations across the year and inform the sizes that should be stocked in stores, it should be both transparent but also possibly remunerative to the original producer of the data.
These points are also about engaging in a conversation about the public/private nature of data. If I take my weight data to the gym, can the gym use it for its own analytics about how much progress people make at this gym? If my city scale can weigh me and connect to the same data, can it send me Foursquare recommendations via Twitter because it knows which restaurants have more salads around me now that it knows where I am?
Service providers should clearly publish the relationship between the data, sensors as well as link to any APIs they and others develop.
Service providers and sensor manufacturers will publish in a machine and human readable form a link to their security and risk assessments.
This is interesting and challenging. At the moment, there are limited engagements between data providers and people building services on top of the API they've exposed. The Transport for London's API, when it was published, helped create great games like Chromorama which you would play with your Oyster card, but every API change meant the game designers had to constantly keep up. The Transport for London itself doesn't even have a good understanding of its own impact on the app ecology and, from what I hear, the most important impact of opening up the API meant that traffic to their website was halved. I'm certain there are better ways to create value for everyone when transparency about the data relationships is exposed.
Building business models around data
With a lot of data comes a big opportunity, but also a lot of responsibility. As a final thought we should discuss how to release data, when it's the foundation of your business.
Data owners should release data, once requested:
without imposed delay, based on the accessibility principle above;
at the resolution at which it has been acquired;
to the data subject for as long as the provider hosts the data and for at least a pre-agreed duration of time
on an anonymous basis if so requested by the data subject
This has huge repercussions for the world of consumer electronics & big data providers. Imagine the data requirements of connected razor-blades around the world if shavers become Wi-Fi-connected. You could re-order blades automatically, but the manufacturer will have to be storing and giving you access to the data they are mining during the life of the company, and not only the product.
That data storage cost will have to be either passed on the customer through a subscription model (get blades auto-magically when you run out) or by making the shaver much more expensive which, for the higher-end of the market will work (just look at connected cars and high-end fridges). Companies will essentially be faced with a choice: to make their data accessible at a cost to the consumer or to absorb the cost themselves to become more competitive.
When these principles have to be applied practically, they have a direct impact not only on how software is developed, but also how hardware is introduced in spaces, how packaging indicates that “data will be collected, see this URL”, how APIs are developed and how we sell the idea of connectivity as a useful, safe technology to the end consumer.
There's a lot to design into a safe and secure connected product, but it's a great meaty problem that both technologists and designers should tackle head on. Not only do we need to deal with a world where the NSA/GCHQ is reading our emails, but we need to build in agency to empower people to understand and act on the data cloud they produce around themselves. There has to be a valuable, well designed experience there, otherwise, like the smart meter debate taking place in the UK, fear-mongering will prevent it moving forward.
Alexandra Deschamps-Sonsino is one of the partners on the Eyehub project and the founder of the Good Night Lamp. This essay is part of a package for our Mobilize conference Oct 16th and 17th in San Francisco.
Disclosure: Fitbit is backed by True Ventures, a venture capital firm that is an investor in the parent company of this blog, Giga Omni Media. Om Malik, founder of Giga Omni Media, is also a venture partner at True.
Foto: Hina, Index
IVICA TODORIĆ podnio je ipak ostavku na mjesto predsjednika Nadzornog odbora (NO) Konzuma, stoji u priopćenju koje je osnivač koncerna Agrokor uputio Hini.
"Potpuno sam svjestan da ne mogu sudjelovati i za mene je potpuno neprihvatljivo da sudjelujem u bilo kakvim upravljačkim, nadzornim ili bilo kojim drugim organima Agrokora.
Od postojeće uprave sam očekivao da će u skladu sa Zakonom provesti sve odluke vezane uz moja razrješenja sa svih upravljačkih, nadzornih i ostalih pozicija, a u čemu nisam osobno želio sudjelovati.
Tekst se nastavlja ispod oglasa
Nisam mogao pretpostaviti da postojeća uprava Agrokora ne može kroz organe upravljanja provesti svoje odluke.
Nastalu situaciju vidim isključivo kao rezultat neuspjelog dogovora postojeće uprave s jednim od dugogodišnjih poslovnih partnera Agrokora. Budući da postojeća uprava nije riješila tu situaciju, iako ima i mogućnost i odgovornost za to, podnio sam ostavku na mjesto predsjednika NO Konzuma", navodi Todorić u priopćenju koje je poslao Hini u kojemu stoji kako on od 10. travnja kada je Vladin povjerenik preuzeo upravljanje Agrokorom ni na koji način nije sudjelovao u bilo kakvim radnjama vezanim uz kompaniju.
South Jersey Gas is planning to move out of the Hammonton/Folsom area to Atlantic City with $12 million in tax credits. Officials in the towns say it's not fair that they're going to lose a major economic resource to a city that might not be able to be saved.
50522 50522 50522 Hammonton, Folsom Officials to Fight South Jersey Gas Move South Jersey Gas is planning to move out of the Hammonton/Folsom area to Atlantic City with $12 million in tax credits. Officials in the towns say it's not fair that they're going to lose a major economic resource to a city that might not be able to be saved. disabled 2365680218 true
By Brenda Flanagan
Correspondent
The headquarters for South Jersey Gas occupies a spacious campus in western Atlantic County, famous for its blueberry fields and pinelands. But the utility company just told two local mayors it's moving to Atlantic City, and taking 167 good-paying jobs with it. Why?
“They referred to the Hammonton/Folsom area as ‘the middle of nowhere' which is insulting. They claim they're a good neighbor, but a good neighbor would not say that,” said Folsom Mayor Louis DeStefano.
“That's very discouraging and disheartening. It's on the backs of John Q Public, and it's not fair for big business to do this,” said Hammonton Mayor Steve DiDonato.
The mayors of Folsom and Hammonton say they also feel betrayed. South Jersey Gas plans to build a new headquarters in Atlantic City's Chelsea section — part of the $203 million Gateway project that also includes an island campus for Stockton University. It's all part of an effort to develop and rescue the casino town from its economic death spiral.
“And they're poaching the western end of the county to try and save Atlantic City, which is probably beyond saving,” DeStefano said.
“With the energy company they've become, I think there's a lot of staffing and there's room for both towns to succeed, as part of Atlantic City development for Atlantic City certainly don't want to hurt the western part of our county. And we don't have to,” said Atlantic City Mayor Don Guardian.
“In a field of emerging technology, our being able to attract the best and the brightest talent is very important to us, which is a little bit difficult in an area like this. We think that the opportunity of having a location in Atlantic City, with beach front access certainly a premiere location dining options and education. There are a lot of attractive reasons to locate a site there,” said Marissa Travaline the Director of Stakeholder Relations at South Jersey Industries.
The utility claims the Folsom building, for which it pays a $140,000 local tax bills, will remain open as a satellite. The company want to consolidate smaller offices into one location in Atlantic City. The mayor's are unpersuaded.
“That's our largest ratable. We have two union halls, a cannery and a gas company. That's all we have here,” DeStefano said. “We don't need any more homes with ‘For Sale' signs on them, here.”
Small businesses in Hammonton will also bleed revenue, officials say. The angry West Atlantic County mayors launched a new Facebook page to fight the utility's move. They're particularly galled that New Jersey's EDA sweetened the deal by promising South Jersey Gas $12 million in tax credits.
The mayors say yes, they're out in the country but it's not the middle of nowhere. They've got a special, multiple-town meeting for Thursday at Borough Hall to fight South Jersey Gas' move.
Follow @FlanaganNJTV
Two suspects were arrested just days after surveillance video showed a decorated Marine veteran being brutally attacked by a group of black teenagers outside of a McDonald's located in Washington, D.C.
D.C. police investigators said they took a 17-year-old male and a 17-year-old female into custody and charged them with aggravated assault and robbery, respectively.
“They asked me if I believe that black lives matter,” victim Christopher Marquez told WJLA-TV after the attack. “I felt threatened and as if they were trying to intimidate me, so I figured I would just keep eating my food. Because I wouldn't respond back to them, they were calling me a racist.”
“As soon as I walked out of the McDonald's I got hit in the back of the head, or the side of the head,” said Marquez, who served in the Marine Corps from 2003 to 2011 and fought in the Iraq War. “I just dropped to the ground.”
The incident took place at a McDonald's restaurant at 911 E Street, NW, just blocks away from the White House. Footage of the gruesome attack was released Friday.
Investigators said as many as two more suspects involved in the assault are on the loose.
A GoFundMe account has been set up for Marquez and has raised more than $35,000 since February 16.
Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson
Set in the Stephen King multiverse, Castle Rock, from Bad Robot Productions and Warner Bros. Television, is named after the fictional town in King's native Maine that is featured prominently in a number of his novels, novellas and short stories. Per the producers, it combines the mythological scale and intimate character storytelling of King's best-loved works, weaving an epic saga of darkness and light, played out on a few square miles of Maine woodland.
Lynskey will play Molly Strand, a woman with a rare medical condition who's barely scraping by as a real estate agent in a town where every third property is the site of someone's worst nightmare. Holland plays Henry, a death row attorney with a unique and complicated history in Castle Rock. In addition to Holland, Lynskey joins previously cast Sissy Spacek and Jane Levy.
Sam Shaw & Dustin Thomason developed Castle Rock for television and serve as executive producers along with J.J. Abrams, Ben Stephenson and Liz Glotzer.
Lynskey was one of the leads in the HBO comedy series Togetherness. She also co-starred on the CBS sitcom Two and a Half Men. On the feature side, the New Zealand-born actress, who made her acting debut in Peter Jackson's Heavenly Creatures, was recently seen in The Intervention. She is repped by Gersh.
X-Plore File Manager and Encouraging Android TV Support
Android TV is still a new and underutilized platform. Many developers may not see a reason to support it. If you see an app that you believe would be perfect for Android TV, like user Shane_R_Monroe of the GeForce forums, it might be a good idea to suggest it to the developer. The worst thing that happens is a canned response that basically says no. However, this could be the motivation the developer needs to add it to their feature list.
X-Plore File Manager is a file browser that lets you look through your system files, with support for SMB, FTP, DLNA, and a bunch of other things. It's a pretty capable application. The app was already built to run great on Android phones and tablets, and was a favorite for Shane_R_Monroe. As he describes in this thread, he used the software APK2TV to create a leanback version of it for himself but it wouldn't work for everyone.
When he contacted the developer and described the modifications he made to the apk, the two worked together on refining the official app, and now it has been updated in the Google Play Store to support Android TV:
3.76:
✔ Support for Android TV
✔ Read-only support for USB OTG
✔ Other various fixes and improvements
This gives the developer access to millions of potential new users downloading the app without doing much work, which is great for everyone.
Developers are often happy to add compatibility to their app for interested users, but may not know users want it without it being explicitly suggested. They're building things for you, so many are willing to listen to suggestions.
Nick Felker is a student Electrical & Computer Engineering student at Rowan University (C/O 2017) and the student IEEE webmaster. When he's not studying, he is a software developer for the web and Android (Felker Tech). He has several open source projects on GitHub (http://github.com/fleker) Devices: Moto G-2013 Moto G-2015, Moto 360, Google ADT-1, Nexus 7-2013 (x2), Lenovo Laptop, Custom Desktop. Although he was an intern at Google, the content of this blog is entirely independent and his own thoughts. More Posts - Website Follow Me:
On the heels of a World Health Organization report documenting pervasive—and often deliberate—attacks on medical facilities in conflicts, a humanitarian specialist with Doctors Without Borders is stressing that the world's major powers are themselves complicit in such attacks.
Speaking to the Guardian, Michiel Hofman directed his sharp criticism at four of the five permanent members of the UN Security Council—France, Russia, the United Kingdom, and the United States—which provide arms, intelligence, and logistical support to forces which have conducted these often deadly attacks.
To wit: The U.S.-backed Saudi coalition's attacks on Yemen, the UK and France's weapons sales to Saudi Arabia, and Russian attacks on healthcare facilities in Syria. Not to mention the U.S. military's bombing of the medical charity's Kunduz, Afghanistan hospital in 2015.
And in April, a Doctors Without Borders- and International Committee of the Red Cross-supported hospital in the Syrian city of Aleppo was bombed, destroying the key pediatric facility and killing at least 14 people, while just late Monday, a wave of Russian strikes on hospitals in the Syrian city of Idlib killed scores. From the Guardian:
“When we talk about the bombing of hospitals, bombing means air forces,” [Hofman] said. “Rebel groups don't have air forces, so this is exclusively states who by definition have much larger firepower [...] and they are the ones that actually signed these conventions.”
Hofman expects little fruit to bear from the UN Security Council unanimously adopted a resolution last month, which, as the New York Times reported, sought
to remind warring parties everywhere of the rules, demanding protection for those who provide health care and accountability for violators. The measure urged member states to conduct independent investigations and prosecute those found responsible for violations “in accordance with domestic and international law.”
Hofman told the Guardian that "resolutions that pass unanimously are usually the ones that get disregarded," adding that the UNSC members themselves "are responsible because they're part of coalitions that are part of bombing campaigns."
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
"Maybe we should use the format of an open letter to the president of China saying, as the only remaining permanent member of the security council who is currently not bombing anyone, could you please remind your colleagues?" the paper reports him as saying.
Following the resolution's adoption, Joanne Liu, the president of Doctors Without Borders, also known by its French name and acronym, Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF), said that it "must lead to all state and non-state actors stopping the carnage. You must also pressure your allies to end attacks on health care and population in conflict areas. We will not leave patients behind, and we will not be silent. Seeking or providing health care must not be a death sentence. You will be judged not on your words today, but on your actions."
"You are charged with protecting peace and security," she said, and underscored Hofman's point, adding, "Yet four of the five members of this council have, to varying degrees, been associated with coalitions responsible for attacks on health structures over the last year."
"These include the NATO-led coalition in Afghanistan, the Saudi-led coalition in Yemen [and] the Russia-backed, Syrian-led coalition," Liu continued.
Days before the WHO report on attacks on medical facilities, the Safeguarding Health in Conflict Coalition released its own report finding that such attacks struck 19 countries during 2015 and the first three months of 2016.
"The report shows both the pervasiveness and variety of attacks on health facilities, staff and patients globally," said Leonard Rubenstein of the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health and the coalition's chair. "Sometimes the attacks are deliberate, sometimes they're a product of indifference to the harms caused and sometimes they represent gross failures to take steps needed to prevent death and injury—but all violate long-standing obligations under international law."
Added Susannah Sirkin, director of international policy and partnerships at Physicians for Human Rights, one of the coalition's members: "These attacks terrorize and inflict suffering on patients and health care providers. Turning hospitals into battlefields is a grave breach of humanitarian law and an affront to humanity."
Between 2,400 and 4,000 people have been killed in more than 400 drone strikes since the U.S. began using them in 2004 to target militants considered threats to national security. Retired Air Force Lt. Col. Mark McCurley is one of the pilots that commanded those drones. He's now opening up about what that's like and the challenges that come with the job.
WASHINGTON — The U.S. began using unmanned aerial vehicles in 2004 to target militants that were considered threats to national security. Since then, according to a variety of open sources including New America and The Bureau of Investigative Journalism, between 2,400 and 4,000 people have been killed in about 421 strikes.
Few, if any, people have ever lived to talk about being hit by a Hellfire missile fired from a drone. But the new book, “Hunter Killer: Inside America's Unmanned Air War,” vividly describes the panic that drone targets experience.
Penned by retired Air Force Lt. Col. Mark McCurley, the book is the first account by a drone pilot.
“The Hellfire missile, when it comes in, is close to the speed of sound. So you'll hear a shock wave just a couple of seconds before the missile hits,” McCurley said.
He flew fighter jets and, for the last 10 years of his career, McCurley commanded drones.
McCurley has played a tactical role in some of the biggest operations in the history of the highly-classified program.
He told WTOP he's also personally observed the harsh finality of drone strikes.
“Often times, we'll see a target realize, when it's too late, what's about to happen.”
McCurley recounted one missile strike that killed a man who had commanded more than a dozen terror operatives around the world.
“In the last couple of seconds, because of how low I had to get because of weather to make the shot happen, he [the target] heard the missile come in. He looked right at me through the camera of the airplane. So, I looked him in the eye as he died.”
McCurley commanded the controversial mission that killed American Anwar al-Awlaki. U.S. intelligence had connected Awlaki, a leader of the dangerous al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) franchise, to several of the Sept. 11 attackers.
He also was linked to Fort Hood attacker Major Nidal Hasan and Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab, who tried to bring down a Northwest Airlines flight on Christmas Day 2009 in the sky over Detroit.
“We tracked him for about a year until we finally nailed down where his exact location was and were able to get eyes on him. For several days before the strike, he had been active on his network and running in the area that we expected him to be in,” McCurley said.
Then on Sept. 30, 2011, McCurley got a call from the predator liaison officer who coordinated drone strikes in Africa and Yemen. Before answering, McCurley's intuition told him what the call was about.
“Knowing what was at stake, when that call came I knew what it was going to be,” McCurley said.
McCurley watched on a large plasma screen in the operations center as Awlaki's life came to an end.
But killing wasn't all McCurley did.
In 2005, he was commanding a drone squadron on the day that Navy SEAL Marcus Luttrell's team (subject of the Mark Wahlberg movie “Lone Survivor”) issued a call for help from Afghanistan's Kunar province. The team was there to eliminate a Taliban fighter when it was ambushed on three sides. Luttrell's three fellow SEALs were killed, but McCurley's drone squadron came to the rescue.
“He'd already finished the fire fight when we broke through a line of thunderstorms. We got on scene to see that the chopper of the SEAL team that went out to get them was burning and we were on station long enough to hear him call for help,” McCurley said.
The information was passed on to the Army, which rescued Luttrell. McCurley considers that his “most important professional accomplishment.”
According to McCurley, being a drone pilot comes with numerous challenges including living stateside with a family, but engaging in combat every day without the benefit of time and space separation after killing someone in combat.
McCurley made his point anecdotally:
“I wake up in the morning. I am a 5-year-old's daddy. I transition to work. On a good day, I see nothing. On a bad day, I have to pull a trigger. Instead of having a couple of weeks or months to deal with that in theater, I now have 45 minutes to transition back from ‘I just killed a human being' to being that 5-year-old's daddy again,” McCurley said.
McCurley's biggest challenge, however, may be yet to come.
In recent months, Sally Jones, the widow of Junaid Hussain, a top Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant operative killed in a drone strike, released information obtained by hackers that allegedly pinpointed McCurley's location along with other U.S. military personnel.
When asked about it, he said, “I'd rather not talk about it. We react accordingly, we initiate our security measures and we counter everything they try.”
The Quiet Killer: Part 1 WTOP's J.J. Green reports. http://wtop.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/quiet-killer-1-jgr.mp3 Download audio
The Quiet Killer: Part 2 WTOP's J.J. Green reports. http://wtop.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/quiet-killer-2-jgr.mp3 Download audio
The Quiet Killer: Part 3 WTOP's J.J. Green reports. http://wtop.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/quiet-killer-3-jgr.mp3 Download audio
The Quiet Killer: Part 4 WTOP's J.J. Green reports. http://wtop.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/quiet-killer-4-jgr.mp3 Download audio
The Quiet Killer: Part 5 WTOP's J.J. Green reports. http://wtop.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/quiet-killer-5-jgr.mp3 Download audio
Follow @WTOP on Twitter and WTOP on Facebook.
© 2015 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
Google “tikkun olam” together with “same-sex marriage,” “global warming” or “abortion,” and you'll get tens of thousands of hits. Yet in these many, many instances, “tikkun olam” is being invoked by Jewish groups or Jews in two ways that disconnect it from its true meaning.
First, the original and entire phrase is “tikkun olam b'malchut shaddai,” to “repair the world in God's Kingdom.” I suspect that the vast majority of Jews who use the shortened version of the phrase would be surprised to learn that God is a necessary part of the concept — that Jewishly speaking, tikkun olam without God is impossible.
Second, “tikkun olam” is almost always heralded in support of left-of-center positions, with the implication being that both Judaism and therefore even God endorses a certain agenda.
Is it not possible that “repairing the world” could be interpreted as safeguarding the jobs of American citizens by tightening control over our borders? Could it not mean the protection of unborn life? And could it not have involved supporting a war in Iraq against one of the Jewish people's greatest enemies?
The question isn't whether every Jew agrees with the statements above, but why left-leaning positions are overwhelmingly the ones considered part of tikkun olam. The more synagogues get into the political advocacy arena, the more they politicize Judaism. And the more that Judaism and politics are mixed, the less distinguishable they become. Given the struggles that the non-Orthodox denominations have encountered in building Jewish commitment among their members, it's counterproductive for them to be virtually equating Jewish commitment with political commitment, whether on the right or the left. Though they don't use the concept of tikkun olam, the Orthodox also lobby for causes they believe in, but they tend to stay more within the realm of advocacy for Judaism or support for Israel. The liberal denominations, however, seem to have taken this politicization to another level.
For example, in reviewing the Reform movement's website, there are 40 resolutions listed that have been passed or proposed at their biennial conferences since 2007. Only four deals directly with improving Jewish study and observance, while the other 36 include such issues as the war in Iraq, climate change, health insurance, immigration reform and, most recently at their 2011 biennial, “Principles of economic justice in a time of fiscal crisis” — all from a decidedly liberal perspective.
Likewise, Conservative Judaism's home, the United Synagogue of Conservative Judaism, lists on its website its positions on such issues as the environment, immigration, “age appropriate sex education” and welfare reform, among others.
The dramatic movement of Jews away from non-Orthodox Judaism strongly suggests that a more compelling and purely Judaic focus is needed. At the most recent Reform movement biennial conference, Leonard Saxe, a professor at Brandeis University, presented a report indicating that only half of those raised in the Reform movement now identify as Reform. Most of the other Jews who opt out of the movement, the report said, shift to the fastest-growing group in American Jewry, the group known as “just Jewish” or the unaffiliated. In response to this challenge, some leaders of the Reform movement were reported to have suggested looking for new means of reaching Jews beyond the synagogue walls. To attract and retain more Jews, however, it might make at least as much sense for the non-Orthodox movements to reconsider the quality and quantity of Judaic content they are delivering.
There are so many other places Jews can go to engage in political pursuits, liberal or conservative, and too few places they can go to find meaningful Judaic educational and ritual experiences.
Moreover, why is it that Jews who would otherwise join or support a specific synagogue or other Jewish organization might first have to determine whether they can accept the politics promoted by these institutions? It's hard enough to get Jews through the door as it is.
I don't care which side of the political fence Jews are on nearly as much as whether an intellectually honest read of Judaism at least informs the positions taken. I have to wonder how many Jews who include tikkun olam in their politically oriented programs have consulted the Torah regarding the issues for which they advocate.
I also wonder: Why don't more Jews who take issue with the political bent of the organizations they're a part of publicly challenge those directions more often?
Finally, tikkun olam comes from Judaism's Aleinu prayer, uttered by ritually observant Jews multiple times a day. In this prayer, Jews ask God “to remove all idols from the Earth, and to completely cut off all false gods; to repair the world in God's Kingdom.” Ironically and far too frequently, “tikkun olam,” the very part of the Aleinu prayer asking for the elimination of idols and false Gods, has become a false God itself.
Joel Alperson is a past national campaign chair for United Jewish Communities, now known as the Jewish Federations of North America. He lives in Omaha, Neb.
This story "Abusing Tikkun Olam" was written by Joel Alperson.
The Hodgson Issue
THERE is something wonderful about what happens when Hodgey speaks at length. He thinks he is being intelligent, impressive and occasionally cleverly dissembling. Then he gives something away that indicates why his entire footballing outlook is so fundamentally flawed. In the aftermath of the defeat to the Italians Hodgson has spoken a lot. A discussion has ensued much to Paul Hayward's delight. And in that discussion was this nugget of Hodgey:
“
This, here, is Hodgson writ large. The primary reason why Pirlo was able to play the way he did was England's set-up and the fact that it at no point beyond the first fifteen minutes attempted to solve the problem that Pirlo posed. England sat so deep and made no attempt to consistently pressure Pirlo. The only way in which Pirlo was going to play poorly is by him, himself, playing poorly. On Hodgson's terms, England could do nothing to stop him. Action was impossible because shape must be maintained.
This was reminiscent of Liverpool vs Blackpool (3rd October 2010) when Ian Holloway's Blackpool turned up to Anfield with Charlie Adam in a centre midfield three. Adam ran the game as Hodgson's Liverpool stood off and watched, admired. Adam's most definitely no Pirlo but that day he looked a world beater, he bestrode midfield playing pass after pass under a minimum of pressure.
I've little sympathy with the argument that Hodgson hasn't had time to imprint his style on this side. This is Hodgson's England. That shape, those two lines of four moving hypnotically around the pitch like a 90's screensaver, this is Hodgson. Indeed, Hodgey deserves credit of sorts for the speed with which this side has been built in his image. It's here though that those who urge time for him to really implement his ideas are erroneous. These are his ideas. You have seen them. If Hodgson sees out his four year contract he will have less time, fewer training sessions, with these players (ever changing players as well, by the way) than he did during his abortive six months at Anfield. For those of you watching in black and white, this is what Roy Hodgson looks like.
It's easy to conclude that Hodgson was the wrong man at the wrong time at Anfield. But Hodgson is the wrong man at the wrong time for any football team that has an interest in actively hunting down victory in football matches, not waiting for a mistake to bestow victory upon them. Hodgson is a 50 point manager. He gets a side organised, has them follow his principles and if they do so they'll lose fewer games. There is a place for Roy Hodgsons in all leagues, in all football traditions. Someone has to be a good mid table manager. Someone has to be Hodgey. If a side has pretentions towards genuine victory though, he is, inevitably, the wrong man at the wrong time.
While obviously biased, in my view the most salient point in the nationwide post-Pirlo discussion was made in The Anfield Wrap podcast. It is also one of the most simple. When Sean Rogers says that very few teams win international tournaments, he couldn't be more correct. Fifteen sides won't win the Euros. One will. Accepting this means that we can move beyond the notion of win at all costs. Even if we accept the (in my view utterly false) notion that Hodgson and his football were England's most likely chance of success in this tournament it doesn't mean that Hodgson and his football should be accepted and adopted. Increasing England's chances in the short-term from (obviously arbitrary figures) 6% to 7% should mean nothing against increasing England's chances in tournaments to come of playing the sort of progressive, aggressive football that can challenge for honours by more than hanging on for dear life. England could also play in a manner which says something about the character of this nation's football at its best, not at its most fearful.
And this is why this article is on a Liverpool supporter's website. Not because of an irrational hatred of Hodgey (though I possibly do possess one) but because what the national team does, the way the game is played at that level and through its systems and structure does impact across the rest of the country. The way the game is spoken about within this context matters. How we as a nation address our football counts. The BBC coverage has been proudly, loudly brainless. Our nation's collective suspicion against perceived “cleverness” in football is a massive problem. Every football side attempting to be great now needs to be clever. Spain, for instance, work things out in football matches, they see that things don't work and they change them.
This isn't a voguish call to Catalonia. England do not have to adopt the Spanish philosophy in the short, medium or long term other than simply coaching better, smarter footballers. England should look at what has worked historically for England and English sides. But they should first and foremost not engage in football matches with fear and ignorance. The first step towards running a game is wanting to run a game. While Spain are currently impressing hugely in playing in a possession orientated way, it isn't the only way. You don't have to make a thousand passes. You don't have to dominate possession. You can be strong, dominate position, force sides back and seize the initiative. You can demand the game be played on your terms rather than cede possession and territory with the inevitable it is played entirely on the opposition's. As the game wears on your side can and should respond to regain or maintain control.
That Joe Hart and Andy Carroll managed to complete 15 passes without fault suggests something positive – that the Italians could not cope with Andy Carroll in the air. That this pass combination was England's most successful is obviously negative. No one got near Carroll and he wasn't found near the goal. Carroll's a better player than just a beacon, but as beacon he couldn't have been more effective. The way he was employed was the short-coming. There is nothing wrong with direct football, there is everything wrong with passive football. There‘s nothing wrong with an aerial route to win, there is everything wrong with any route to draw. Being aerially strong in attack (as England have been for years with both Crouch and now Carroll) isn't something to be ashamed of, it is something to build on and around. The much loved Czech side that got Greeked (Hodged?) in 2004 built around Jan Koller. They played proactive, aggressive football. They had intelligence. They often changed their approach during games but the central force of their side was Koller. England have had players available in this campaign that are in the vicinity of the class of those Czech players but have shown none of the verve, brio or imagination. There is no room for any of that in Hodgson's football.
There's a famous quote (from Helmuth von Moltke the Elder): “No plan of operations extends with any certainty beyond the first contact with the main hostile force.” A Roy Hodgson plan always extends beyond that first contact with total certainty. This has to work. It always has. And when it hasn't it is because it has been enacted badly, not because it has any faults. It was present against Italy, unchanging despite Pirlo's control being unyielding. At the very highest level Hodgson's football is simultaneously cowardly, arrogant and wilfully ignorant. Set-up and hope for the best because this is all we can do – nothing can change once that white line has been crossed. Hodgson should not have been given the job of England manager and certainly not on a four year deal. It was an outrageous decision by the FA. This campaign has shown, across four games and two friendlies, exactly why. Him being relieved of it at the earliest opportunity would be in the short, medium and long-term interests of English football as a whole. Hodgson should never have been in. Now he should be out.
The New Zealand embassy in Japan has reportedly set aside almost $1 million to upgrade a swimming pool in its complex, despite the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade (MFAT) cutting more than 300 jobs to save money.
TVNZ tonight reported the money was set aside to upgrade the pool and recreation complex at the embassy as part of an eight-year project.
The project would have seen $550,000 spent this financial year on a filtration system and other upgrades and $93,000 next year.
Last week MFAT chief executive John Allen confirmed 305 jobs would be cut and 600 staff would have to reapply for their jobs in new specialist roles as part of a proposed restructure.
Allen confirmed the ministry was also considering outsourcing some functions. That included a 24/7 call centre based in Wellington.
The restructuring was expected to save $20-25 million annually.
Foreign Affairs Minister Murray McCully told TVNZ that he had asked the Japan embassy to put a halt to non-essential capital expenditure.
He said 16 apartments are part of the Tokyo compound upgrade as well as a new badminton court area and gym.
Labour foreign affairs spokesperson Phil Goff heavily criticised the spending.
"When core rolls are being lost in the ministry, where people are promoting New Zealand's interests overseas, that's a totally perverted sense of priority,'' he told TVNZ.
Last week NZ First leader Winston Peters told Fairfax Media the cuts were "insane" and jeopardised New Zealand's future.
New Zealand was desperately trying to increase its overseas trade and needed diplomatic missions to break through an increasing number of trading blocs, he said.
"Countries like Singapore, Brazil and Norway, which are doing very well, are increasing their overseas posts. They understand the way the world works."
Image copyright Getty Images
A mass vaccination programme against meningitis A in Africa has been a "stunning success", say experts.
More than 220 million people were immunised across 16 countries in the continent's meningitis belt.
In 2013 there were just four cases across the entire region, which once faced thousands of deaths each year.
However, there are fresh warnings from the World Health Organization that "huge epidemics" could return unless a new vaccination programme is started.
The meningitis belt stretches across sub-Saharan Africa from the Gambia in the west to Ethiopia in the east.
In the worst epidemic recorded, in 1996-97, the disease swept across the belt infecting more than a quarter of a million people and led to 25,000 deaths.
Unlike other vaccines, the MenAfriVac was designed specifically for Africa and in 2010 a mass vaccination campaign was started.
Laboratory-confirmed cases of meningitis I have been falling ever since:
2009 - 1,994 cases
2010 - 430 cases
2011 - 111 cases
2012 - 49 cases
2013 - four cases
"The disease has virtually disappeared from this part of the world," said Dr Marie-Pierre Preziosi from the World Health Organization.
Still vulnerable
The mass immunisation programme was aimed at people under 30.
However, routine vaccination will be needed to ensure that newborns are not vulnerable to the disease.
Projections, published in the journal Clinical Infectious Diseases, showed the disease could easily return.
Dr Preziosi told the BBC News website: "What could happen is a huge epidemic that could sweep the entire area, that could target hundreds of thousands of people with 5-10% deaths at least.
"There will be major epidemics in 10 to 15 years, so the call to countries now is, 'Do not stop your efforts - you need to introduce the vaccine into routine immunisation programmes.'"
A new vaccine has been approved for children between nine and 18 months old. Ghana is introducing the jab and eight more countries are lining up to do so next year.
'Unpredictable'
Dr Mark Alderson, from the global non-profit healthcare organisation Path, told the BBC: "It is a remarkable success story."
However, he warned other types of meningitis - C, Y, W and X - were also a threat.
He added: "Outbreaks of other sera groups are unpredictable and meningitis C is Niger is a case in point.
"If meningitis A is gone there will continue to be outbreaks in the other sera groups. If we really want to eliminate meningitis from the meningitis belt then the best way is to introduce a polyvalent vaccine [against A, C, Y, W and X]."
Meningitis A strike in the the dry season in Africa and while it starts like a cold with headache and fever it can soon lead to convulsions, coma and death.
Follow James on Twitter.
CUPERTINO, CA - Now that the Apple Watch is out, we can finally do our analysis and see which apps have risen to the top, and which just haven't nailed that Apple Watch feel.
Rolex has released its “Virtual Watch Store” exclusively on the Apple Watch, and it has quickly dominated the Apple Watch Store, rising to the number one spot within the first hour of release.
“We wanted to give potential customers the ability to try on our watches in the comfort of their own homes before buying,” a spokesman for Rolex said.
A side-effect of the Rolex app however, is that young Apple fanboys are able to drop $349 on an Apple Watch and “sport a new Rolex” at a fraction of the price tag.
Catering to this demand, Rolex has also said, “we plan to add antique hipster watches to our app in order to appeal to a younger demographic.”
Submitted By: Mubashar Iqbal
There's a coming war between telecoms companies and the advertising industry, and it's all to do with the increasing bloatware of online advertising. You don't have to look far to find the evidence.
Apple guru DaringFireball recently wrote:
“It's not just the download size, long initial page load time, and the ads that cover valuable screen real estate as fixed elements. The fact that these JavaScript trackers hit the network for a full-minute after the page has completely loaded is downright criminal. Advertising should have minimal effect on page load times and device battery life. Advertising should be respectful of the user's time, attention, and battery life. The industry has gluttonously gone the other way.”
Rob Leathern, ormer CEO of Optimal, wrote:
“Many publishers simply must have a sense that something nasty is going on — when their users complain about slow page loads on mobile web — but they either don't have the tech savvy and/or more likely, they won't ask questions about how their site could possibly be monetizing as well as it is when simple math indicates that their users aren't watching that many video streams. Many simply turn a blind eye… Is it any wonder desktop ad blocking has been on the rise, and many iOS users are excited at the prospect of using content blocking in iOS9 to get rid of mobile ads? The industry has only itself to blame.”
Today Israeli/US startup Shine, which has raised $3.3M to date and targets mobile carriers with its ad-blocking product, has gone on an advertising offensive, taking out large adverts in the Financial Times to address this ad-blocking issue. CMO Roi Carthy, who is also a managing partner at Initial.vc told me “We're calling out the GSMA to act on Zero Rating ads. Consumers shouldn't be subsidizing ad tech's billion dollar businesses.”
This is just the latest salvo in what is going to become an increasingly bitter war.
Ad blocking on mobile has been possible for a while. Services like Adblock Plus and TrustGo allow users to control the amount of advertising they see on apps. And right there are well over 144 million active ad blocker users around the world according to PageFair and Adobe. For mobile carriers ads can be a headache, since the standard app or website can ping an antenna up to 50 times a minute in a process called background signaling. This bandwidth costs real money.
What has to happen of course is that publishers, if they want to keep their ad-driven model, need to start reigning this insanity back in. With media consumption on the mobile sky-rocketing, its the only option they've got. The alternative is more ad-blocking and, obviously, the increase in valuations of startups that provide this to carriers.
A WIGAN maths teacher has been sacked for gross misconduct after a student accessed horrific footage of a jihadist beheading on her staff computer in her classroom.
Speaking exclusively to the Wigan Observer, Moya Fletcher said she had been made a scapegoat.
The 51-year-old was dismissed by Rathbone, a charity that provides education to disaffected and vulnerable young people, in October last year after the incident at its Bridgeman Terrace centre in Wigan.
She claims that concerns she had previously raised about the charity's lack of internet security and safeguarding were ignored, that she was not given a fair hearing and that key elements of the investigation have been misconstrued.
But Rathbone today vigorously defended its actions, saying that the learner accessed the gruesome video through Ms Fletcher's staff computer, that they do have suitable firewall provision and user policies, and that disciplinary action was carried out appropriately.Ms Fletcher's case has been taken up by her MP who has forwarded it to education ministers.
Rathbone says Ms Fletcher was wrong to grant the learner access to her staff computer and that the charity was justified in its handling of the case.
Managing Director Linda Dean said: “Because of Ms Fletcher's actions she was suspended immediately and later dismissed for inappropriate conduct. The safety and wellbeing of our young people is paramount and learners do not have open access to internet content, unsuitable content is blocked by a firewall. But she allowed learners to access this material on her staff computer which has a different level of access as tutors can view a wider range of materials.”
Ms Fletcher had worked as a teacher for 32 years – much of that with charitable organisations in prisons.
She had no reason to suspect what the youngster in her charge was about to do, and that it would result in her being interviewed by terrorist safeguarding police.
Ms Fletcher said: “He was in the classroom around lunchtime and he said could he show me something on the internet.
“Nothing was on his file. I was not told anything about him, so I had no cause to suspect anything. I said, ‘yes'.
“I stuck on the screen and it was a graphic beheading.
“I asked him to turn it off and I spoke to him about watching this kind of things.
“When another member of staff heard about it, they told the manager without talking to me.”
Ms Fletcher, a single mum of three, who lives in Chorley says her case has been taken up by her MP Lindsay Hoyle who has in turn forwarded it to education ministers.
Rathbone says Ms Fletcher was wrong to grant the learner access to her staff computer and that the charity was justified in its handling of the case.
Managing Director Linda Dean said: “Because of Ms Fletcher's actions she was suspended immediately and later dismissed for inappropriate conduct.
“The safety and wellbeing of our young people is paramount to Rathbone and learners do not have open access to internet content, unsuitable content is blocked by a firewall.
“But she allowed learners to access this material on her staff computer which has a different level of access as tutors can view a wider range of materials.
“It would be inappropriate to comment on our individual learners, however we fully investigated all claims, appropriate support has been given and we are satisfied there are no welfare concerns.”
Ms Fletcher was fired just a few weeks before her two-year anniversary – meaning that she was not entitled to an employment tribunal within the charity sector. ,
She also says that as her referral to a disciplinary service stays on her record, she has since been unable to even find voluntary work.
“I was interviewed by terrorist safeguarding police, they verified there was no case to answer. There was a basic disciplinary hearing, and I was suspended,” she said.
“Although I was assured of a fair hearing that did not happen. They were cherry-picking evidence. There was no policy of safeguarding. I was always saying to people, ‘this needs addressing'. I think they wanted to shut me up.
“Learners are still accessing this kind of graphic image every day. Nothing has changed.”
Rathbone denies this claim, and states that it has had firewall and safeguarding provisions in place since before Ms Fletcher began working for them. Ms Dean said: “Since 2009, we have had strict procedures in place to safeguard young people on the internet. These are in line with national guidance from the Government's Child Exploitation and Online Protection Centre.
“All staff and students when they log onto their computers are reminded of this acceptable use policy, which tells them what shouldn't be viewed on the internet and they have to confirm that they accept and understand this.
“Like all members of staff, Ms Fletcher will have gone through mandatory training on safeguarding, including a Safeguarding Young People in the use of Technology procedure. We give online and face-to-face training in safeguarding to all staff. We also have a dedicated safeguarding advisor who supports all staff on safeguarding issues and the procedures that need to be followed.
“In all disciplinary cases, Rathbone follows a procedure which gives staff a full and fair hearing and everybody concerned had their points heard. All employees are made aware of disciplinary policy which clearly outlines these steps.”
TSA Proud of Confiscating Non-Dangerous Item
This is just sad. The TSA confiscated a battery pack not because it's dangerous, but because other passengers might think it's dangerous. And they're proud of the fact.
"We must treat every suspicious item the same and utilize the tools we have available to make a final determination," said Federal Security Director David Wynn. "Procedures are in place for a reason and this is a clear indication our workforce is doing a great job."
My guess is that if Kip Hawley were allowed to comment on my blog, he would say something like this: "It's not just bombs that are prohibited; it's things that look like bombs. This looks enough like a bomb to fool the other passengers, and that in itself is a threat."
Okay, that's fair. But the average person doesn't know what a bomb looks like; all he knows is what he sees on television and the movies. And this rule means that all homemade electronics are confiscated, because anything homemade with wires can look like a bomb to someone who doesn't know better. The rule just doesn't work.
And in today's passengers-fight-back world, do you think anyone is going to successfully do anything with a fake bomb?
Posted on July 30, 2008 at 6:11 AM • 146 Comments
Abbott thought he was helping - he was wrong
Posted
Tony Abbott's decision to link tsunami aid to the Bali Nine executions helped no one and just provided Indonesia with the excuse to ignore Australia's diplomatic advances from now on, writes Mungo MacCallum.
Once more our Prime Minister has hit the international headlines, and once more for all the wrong reasons.
It is not unusual for Tony Abbott to find himself an object of ridicule - it happens regularly in Australia, and his gaffes have made him a favourite target of irreverent talk shows overseas, made him a favourite target of irreverent talk shows overseas.
But to find himself all over the Indonesian internet as an object of scorn and contempt is not nice. And more worryingly, it is not good-humoured satire, the kind you can laugh off.
The campaign against Abbott, and by extension the country he governs, is based on anger and resentment. A sign seen in Jakarta last week - "Australians needs a prime minister not a Shylock and drug dealer's cousin" - reveals the depth of the outrage at Abbott's latest blooper.
And of course it was a blooper, a well-intentioned but reckless overstepping of the kind Abbott has made his personal trademark as Prime Minister and even before then. He was genuinely trying to help the cause of Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran as the apparently remorseless path towards their executions draws ever nearer. So what went wrong?
First, it was a bit of what Abbott would no doubt call plain speaking: Australia could not just ignore the impending executions and if they went ahead, Australia would feel "grievously let down". The clear implication was that there would be consequences; and while everyone, but especially the Indonesians, were considering that and wondering just what Abbott had in mind, he went back to the airwaves to note that Australia had given a billion dollars in tsunami aid just a few years ago, and perhaps Indonesia might like to reciprocate the good will.
It may not have been meant as a threat, but it surely sounded like one, and Jakarta, always sensitive when it comes to what it still sees as formerly colonial powers, took it as such. Its government let fly: Indonesia was a proud and sovereign nation, and did not take kindly to threats.
Julie Bishop rushed to the phone and tried to pacify the vice-president, Jusuf Kalla, to assure him that there was no link between the aid and the executions. But while apparently mollified, he reportedly called the statement "most unhelpful", which it obviously was, and particularly to the hapless prisoners of Kerobokan gaol. What little hope of reprieve they still entertained was dashed yet again.
President Joko Widodo reiterated that the executions would go ahead, and advisers urged that the process should take place as soon as possible to end the pleas for clemency. And the backlash against what was seen as arrogance and bullying from Abbott began - first in Aceh, the island most affected by the tsunami, and then spreading across the vast and populous archipelago. It is not clear who started the movement to collect loose change to pay Abbott back for the aid, but it had a devastating impact, and if the authorities did not actually encourage it, they certainly haven't stopped it.
Some of Abbott's remaining advocates are trying to claim that it was what Australians wanted to hear from their leader and bugger the Indonesians and the drug smugglers too; shoot the lot of them and cancel the aid, and bad luck to them. Abbott and Bishop were just playing good cop, bad cop in order to get an outcome.
Once again, Abbott has tried to shirtfront the opposition in the hope that it may be persuaded to back down. Once again, he has been dismissed with derision.
Which, if it were true (which it wasn't) it was precisely the problem: good cop, bad cop is the game you play in the interrogation room when you are trying to browbeat a suspect into confessing to a crime. It is not the game you play when you are trying to elicit sympathy from a proud and fiercely independent head of state whose own interests are considerably more compelling than your own.
Australia is regularly seen as an object of suspicion in Jakarta, with Abbott as a particular focus; he has never really been forgiven for his high-handed dismissal of the bugging of the phone of the former president Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono and his wife and associates, nor of the stubborn refusal to countenance Indonesia's resistance to turning back the boats of asylum seekers and the inadvertent breaches of Indonesia's maritime borders that resulted.
And before then, of course, there had been an underlying distrust engendered by Julia Gillard's unilateral suspension of the cattle trade and, more lastingly, John Howard's intervention in East Timor. Abbott should have been super cautious; but old habits die hard.
Bishop could have told him to tread carefully; she and her department had been tirelessly and quietly working through diplomatic channels, massaging potential sympathisers and concentrating on the main game: saving the fugitives from death. It may not have worked, but it was the last, best chance. Had Abbott warned them of his intentions, they would have tried to jump on him.
But instead, he impetuously barged ahead, providing Widodo and his fellow hardliners the excuse - if they needed one - to ignore Australia's pleas from now on. Indonesian law, it appears, will take its course. Even if Abbott were to apologise publicly to the aggrieved Widodo - although there is absolutely no sign that he is likely to - it would be too little and too late.
Another captain's call, and given the issue involved, a deadly serious one. In the end, the relationship between the two countries will once again have to be papered over; the link, if only one of geography, is too important for open conflict. But that will be of little comfort to Chan and Sukumaran and their families, friends and supporters, and not much for the Liberal Party either.
Abbott is already on probation in the party room, and this, in just the second week of good government, has not been a promising start. Once again, Abbott has tried to shirtfront the opposition in the hope that it may be persuaded to back down. Once again, he has been dismissed with derision.
While he is getting over it, he might ponder just what he will do with quite a lot of Indonesian coins that are on their way. Perhaps he might like to purchase a simple guide to Javanese culture; or, failing that, a Bahasa version of How to Win Friends and Influence People.
Mungo MacCallum is a political journalist and commentator.
Topics: foreign-affairs, abbott-tony, bishop-julie, law-crime-and-justice
Those of you who have been readers here at purplePTSD.com for awhile know that I'm well versed in hyperbolic reactions and language. With that, we have the title to this piece which may seem like it's just an overreaction to the news that the Vikings are interested in former Seattle Seahawk and Denver Bronco (and former self employed agent, apparently) Russell Okung. But, really, he's the perfect solution to a situation that the Vikings have been trying to rectify since 2012.
That was the year that the Vikings had the highest draft pick in recent team history (That could've been higher, if not for Joe Webb and the Chicago Bears… Sigh, we could've had Andrew Luck…Also, props to /u/Mrbeankc for the correction…) and spent it on the “Sure thing” that was Matt Kalil at left tackle, out of USC. Kalil was a man among boys in college, and looked like the safest bet at the fourth spot. He quickly validated the trust that the team put in him his rookie season, where he emerged as one of the best young tackles in the league and even made the Pro Bowl. Since, however, he's been mediocre at best and terrible at worst. Yes, he's to play through a lot of injuries and even a bout of pneumonia that dropped his playing weight by over 20 pounds, but that's more of a negative than some sort of justification, especially after last season.
Kalil defenders pointed to his improved play after a disastrous sophomore campaign. However, he's really only been mediocre at best while also getting burned at least once a game for a sack, sometimes in really, really important situations (Denver and Arizona in 2015… I know, one of those wasn't his fault, but I can't remember which so I'll just toss up both… #Journalism!). Last season he wasn't a factor, at all, due to a hip injury (A really bad injury for an offensive lineman) while still getting paid a league leading < $11 million dollars. Ugh. What a mess…
For most of this off-season it looked like the Vikings were stuck with Kalil. purplePTSD.com Writer AJ Mansour discussed this in a series of articles a week or so ago. However, when the Broncos surprisingly cut Russell Okung, things changed drastically. Sure, Okung had a down year in Denver after negotiating his own deal after leaving the Seattle Seahawks and decimating their offensive line in the process. But, he's still a top five tackle, he's still young and he's still much, much better than Matt Kalil. He's also going to end up costing about the same as Kalil would, thanks to the premium that the league puts on left tackles. So, it seems like a no-brainer for the Vikings and really, for Okung.
With Okung at left tackle the offensive line suddenly becomes an asset (On paper). Okung playing next to left guard Alex Boone? The idea of it makes me salivate (More than usual). Then you have Nick Easton at center and Joe Berger filling it at right guard, leaving only the right tackle position open for competition or a draft pick. I'd take that line ALL DAY. Speaking of All-Day, or AD, with Peterson gone the Vikings also need to draft a replacement running back in April's draft. With Okung on-board, the Vikings wouldn't need to focus on the offensive line as much in the draft, which would be extremely helpful considering they lack a first round pick.
I've received some feedback on this piece and decided to add another paragraph explaining my point of view a bit more (Yay, internet! And by internet, I mean Reddit). There seems to be this notion that Okung is A) Going to cost more than Kalil and thus restrict the Vikings ability to add another top tier offensive lineman and B) That Okung is essentially as good as Kalil, anyway. Now, Okung did have a down year last season, clearly, he wouldn't be available if he played fantastically (Even though many were shocked when he was released). He cleared $8 million (At least against the cap) last season while Matt Kalil cleared $11 million (Again, making him the highest paid left tackle in the league). Okung will probably cost less than Kalil, or around the same, so the Vikings will be able to make the same amount of moves regardless of whether or not they snag Okung or Kalil.
Secondly, Okung is objectively a better player than Kalil. Sure, he's a bit older (At 29), but he's still in his physical prime. Yes, he has had some injuries as well, but when he has been healthy he's been considered a top five tackle in the league. He's actually gotten healthier as the years have gone by. While last year was a down year for him, I really think that there's no reason why a 29 year old Pro Bowler who was arguably an All-Pro in 2012 (Pro-Football-Reference.com claims he was a first team All-Pro at some point, but I don't know if I trust that…). Whether or not Kalil is even the same player that he was before, due to his hip injury, the fact remains that he's essentially a mediocre at best left tackle that is known for getting blown by at least once a game. Okung was part of a great offensive line in Seattle and I do believe that if/when he's paired next to Alex Boone, great things will happen. Also, again, he's going to be a lot cheaper than Kalil, I believe, as he really only asked for about $5 million from the Bronco's last season, which would allow the Vikings to keep their offensive line costs low, at least initially, and retain about $33-$35 million to go after a right guard or tackle in free agency (There are a few names out there that are super intriguing and might be pretty costly, but definitely worth it…).
Regardless, the Vikings know that they needed to find a replacement for Kalil at some point. It was assumed, by me, that they'd draft a replacement with their first overall (Second round) pick this season. With Okung on board, however, that plan changes and it opens up the possibility of Spielman going after one of the top running back's on his board. Not to mention what an improved offensive line would do for Sam Bradford and company, and any rookie running back. The word after the 2016 season essentially was that the Vikings were an offensive line away from being a contender. I believe that adding Okung would immediately solve a lot of problems that the team does have, and considering the cost and the cap room they've recently acquired, it has to happen.
I'm all in on this move, clearly. So, make it happen, Spielman! Bring Okung into town, wine and dine him at Manny's. Seal the deal and get the Vikings fans hype meter up into the red at the same time. It has to happen.
By Sarwar Jahan Chowdhury
It is quite appreciable that the Government of Bangladesh has adopted a balanced foreign policy. It is applying the ‘friendship to all, animosity to none' principle of our constitution quite effectively, serving the legitimate and just national interest of Bangladesh, while contributing to the maintenance of the right regional and continental balance of power. Saudi Arabia's lifting of the long ban on recruiting Bangladeshi workers is a vivid example of the outcome of the government's endeavours.
In this process, the visit of Chinese president Xi Jinping is one of the most significant events in the diplomatic and geo-political history of Bangladesh. For last couple of decades the position of the President has become the most significant in China, ahead of the General Secretary of the Communist Party. However, the Chinese have devised a way where both positions are normally held by the same person, who in turn becomes the most powerful political figure in the Chinese system. This visit is, hence, the first of its kind in reality, despite the visit of a Chinese President in 1986 and a Premier in the early years of this decade. The visit of such a high profile global figure from China to Bangladesh signifies the kind of importance China nowadays attaches to Bangladesh.
The current Prime Minister, quite intelligently, undertook the initiative of ice-breaking between the Awami League and the Chinese leadership while she was the leader of the opposition, and the Chinese reciprocated wholeheartedly. It was in the context of a perceived coldness emanating from 1971 and the seventies. It was a fitting and timely initiative given the reality of economic miracles being achieved by China and the secular and, still to a great extent, pro-commoners nature of the Chinese state. Perhaps, China can't any more be termed as a communist republic in the classical sense, in light of its spectacular economic rise driven by Special Economic Zones initially in the early eighties and domestic private entrepreneurships later. Now both the governments share the same global anti-terror platform too.
It hardly requires a mention that China is almost a global superpower now. In economic terms, it already is; militarily, perhaps a superpower in waiting. But already China is very much a continental power in all senses. However, coping rightly with China's largely peaceful rise to the stature of a major power is a delicate job in the geo-political sphere of Asia, especially in the Indian Ocean maritime domain, where there are other established and aspiring powers. The US is still the dominant military force globally and in the Indian Ocean.
After the fall of the communist bloc in early nineties and with the metamorphosis of China into a mixed ideology state, there has slowly been a paradigm shift in international politics. Geo-politics was and still is in a flux with the absence of cold war like ideological alignments. National security and economic interest have come in the forefront. Therefore, we can see economic cooperation, for example, between the US and China and also India and China despite some disputes among them in terms of geo-politics and other bilateral relations.
We have no dispute with China and hence Bangladesh-China relations can grow almost unrestricted. However, the reality is Bangladesh is surrounded by India from three sides. Parts of northern, eastern and north-eastern India, along with us, are part of the same Ganges-Bramhaputra basin of the contiguous plains in which India is the upper riparian state. India is still the second largest trading partner of Bangladesh, after China recently replaced it for the top spot. Also the cultural similarity, common history and India's help during the liberation war of Bangladesh have encouraged reestablishment of the special Bangladesh-India relations in recent times. India's support in the anti-terror stand of Bangladesh and non-interference in the war crime trials have boosted relations. Bangladesh and US also share the same anti-terror ground and the US is a major destination of Bangladeshi exports.
However, despite the good state to state relations the rise of the right wing Hindutva political forces have created some unease among the liberal political forces of Bangladesh. Domestically such forces have used anti-Bangladeshi rhetoric during elections especially in the Indian states neighbouring Bangladesh. In South Asian context, Bangladesh's support for India in the Indo-Pak acrimony is quite useful for India diplomatically. But Bangladesh should be careful about becoming too close in rhetoric to the right wing forces which are becoming very strong in India. Since they harass and persecute Muslim minorities and raises anti-Bangladesh slogans in eastern states of India, a distancing from them is positive for Bangladesh.
Ensuring some security balance is necessary. With the “Islamic world” falling apart and the US taking lesser interest in regional matters of South Asia what's our safeguard, if said, the hawks take over ruling BJP completely? While we don't need to make it a public discourse issue now and create a self-fulfilling prophecy in this part of south Asia, yet we should also be careful not to put all our eggs in the same basket.
We need Chinese friendship to counteract such potential threats. China, on the other hand, needs alternate access to the Indian Ocean for trade and energy supply purposes. In fact India itself is part of BCIM initiative which is very much in line with China's ‘one belt one road' economic connectivity agenda. China also wants to dish out the labour intensive manufacturing of its private entrepreneurs to countries with cheaper labour e.g. Bangladesh, as it has already reached mid-income status and looking to climb up the value chain. All these make a case for some genuine alliance between Bangladesh and China. China has a stable vision for Asia and we perfectly fit into it. We shall surely not discard India or the US, neither should we get tied in their disputes.
Understanding the geo-political nuances and how our and the region's fair and legitimate interest play out in this is imperative. Also crucial are maintenance of a fine balance and having geo-political farsightedness. We hope our policy and decision makers have the proper insight of all these complexities.
BDNews 24, October 14, 2016
WIKIMEDIA, RAMADuring chronic heart failure, the muscles of the vital organ slowly lose their ability to contract. Blocking the action of microRNA-25 (miR-25)—a noncoding RNA molecule that regulates gene expression—helps restore contractility to cardiac muscles in a mouse model of chronic heart failure, according to a paper published today (March 12) in Nature. The researchers hypothesize that miR-25 exacerbates heart failure by binding and preventing translation of the mRNA that encodes the calcium pump SERCA2a, a protein that is key to heart muscle contraction. The flow of calcium in and out of the cytosol of heart muscle cells helps regulate the rhythmic muscle contractions that cause the heart to beat.
Study coauthor Mark Mercola, a cardiology researcher at the Sanford-Burnham Medical Research Institute in La Jolla, California, said there is reason to hope the path to the clinic will be smooth for the RNA-based therapeutic approach his team presents. A Phase 2 clinical trial has already demonstrated that boosting SERCA2a in human hearts via gene therapy can slow progression of chronic heart failure. “From a pharmaceutical standpoint, we have a clinically validated target,” Mercola said.
“These experiments are very interesting and exciting,” Stefanie Dimmeler, director of the Institute of Cardiovascular Regeneration at Goethe University Frankfurt in Germany, wrote in an e-mail to The Scientist. Dimmeler was not involved in the study. “SERCA2a is a very important target for treating heart failure and its augmentation by anti-miRs [miRNA inhibitors] may be much easier than the currently tested gene therapy approaches,” she said.
But others warned that the study's results seem to contradict those of other studies on miR-25's role in the failing heart. A paper published last year in Nature Cell Biology, for example, showed that miR-25 was downregulated during heart failure, and that inhibiting miR-25 appeared to provoke heart disease in mice. “Before there can be any serious discussion of therapeutic opportunities for miR-25 inhibition, I would think these seeming disparities need to be reconciled,” Eric Olson, a molecular biologist at the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center in Dallas, wrote in an e-mail.
Mercola argued that the differences arose because his team studied a mouse model of more chronic heart failure, while the Nature Cell Biology research involved mice with more acute heart problems.
Mercola and his colleagues zeroed in on miR-25 following a screen of 875 miRNAs. The researchers knew that SERCA2a levels drop during human heart failure, causing abnormalities in how calcium travels within heart muscle cells. They suspected that miRNA might play a role in repressing the pump. Throughout the body, miRNAs regulate gene expression by binding to mRNAs and either causing them to be destroyed or preventing their translation into proteins.
The researchers fused nucleotides encoding SERCA2a to nucleotides encoding green fluorescent protein, transfected the sensor into human embryonic kidney cells, and systematically added miRNAs. They saw a strong decrease in the reporter's fluorescence in the presence of miR-25, indicating that it was binding SERCA2a mRNA and repressing it.
The researchers then tested miR-25 levels in the cells of humans with severe heart failure, finding that it was upregulated. When the researchers raised the levels of miR-25 in live mice by genetically inserting extra copies, they found that SERCA2a levels decreased in their heart muscles and that heart function declined. The researchers next suppressed miR-25 in mice using an anti-miR, finding that SERCA2a levels rose.
Finally, the researchers experimentally induced heart failure in mice by constricting the aorta. When they injected their anti-miR into the mice with heart failure, the animals showed improved cardiac function compared to mice with heart failure that did not receive the treatment. “It halted progression [of heart failure], and we even saw an improvement,” said Mercola.
Leon de Windt, a molecular biologist at Maastricht University in the Netherlands, questioned the team's conclusions. De Windt led the group behind last year's Nature Cell Biology paper that arrived at seemingly opposite results. He pointed to several additional papers, aside from his own, which found that miR-25 is downregulated in heart failure. Further, de Windt said that after Mercola's team performed the surgery to induce heart failure in the new study, mouse heart function did not decrease enough to be comparable to the functional defects associated with human heart failure.
“Their model is formally not even in heart failure, while the animal models (plural) we used in our study clearly are in heart failure and we saw exactly the opposite,” he wrote in an e-mail.
Dimmeler, de Windt's coauthor on the Nature Cell Biology paper, suggested another explanation for the discrepancies: it could be that Mercola's team used a slightly different method to silence miR-25 than was used in the contradictory paper. She noted that her own lab recently found that blocking both miR-92a and miR-25 with a single anti-miR improved heart function in pigs, suggesting that, in this model system, decreased miR-25 did not have a negative effect.
De Windt is now attempting to better understand Mercola's results by genetically knocking out miR-25 in mice and observing its effects, and by studying the differences between the methods used to suppress miR-25 in the two studies.
Mercola, meanwhile, plans next to repress miR-25 in other animal models of induced heart failure. This will help determine whether the therapy might be viable in humans, he said.
“Our present work shows a potential RNA therapeutic,” Mercola said. “So the logical next step is to address the pharmacological and pharmaceutical issues of how to make a drug out of anti-miR-25.”
C. Wahlquist et al., “Inhibition of miR-25 improves cardiac contractility in the failing heart,” Nature, doi:10.1038/nature13073, 2014.
"We are certainly flattered by your affection for the brand, but ..."
Mashable
Back in February, Patrick Wensink published a book, Broken Piano for President. It is a work of fiction that is also, clearly, a work of satire -- a fact made clear not only by the work's title, but also by the fact that it was published by the Lazy Fascist Press, that its Amazon description bills it as "the greatest political allegory since Animal Farm, written by the most fantastic-smelling author of our time," and that customers who purchased it also bought such titles as The Emerald Burrito of Oz and A Town Called Suckhole.
Broken Piano for President may be an obvious joke, but it did one thing quite seriously: Its old-timey, straight-from-the-saloon cover art is pretty much a direct rip-off of the iconic label for Jack Daniel's Tennessee whiskey. Jack Daniel's trademark lawyer, doing her job, realized this bit of infringement -- and also realized that the infringement was perpetrated with love, or at least with jest. So she sent Wensink what may well go down as the most polite, encouraging, and empathetic cease-and-desist letter ever to be sent in the history of lawyers and humanity. That lawyer, Christy Susman, even offers to pay for Wensink to change his cover design! Or at least "to contribute a reasonable amount towards the costs of doing so"!
Would that all matters of IP dispute could be adjudicated with such missives.
Via Mashable and Boing Boing
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
Inside every clown, there is a man who wants nothing more than to be taken seriously. And maybe given an award for it.
Inside every clown, there is a man (or woman) who wants nothing more than to be taken seriously. And maybe given an award for it.
Photo Courtesy of Columbia Pictures| Licensed to Alpha Media Group 2012
Despite some few notable exceptions (Kevin Kline, Marissa Tomei, Cuba Gooding Jr.), the Academy Awards tend to treat comedic performances the same way ESPN treats hockey. So if a comic actor really wants to get some recognition, they have to prove they have the chops to pull off a dramatic role. Here are some crying on the inside clowns who pulled it off.
16. ADAM SANDLER
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Photo Courtesy of Columbia Pictures| Licensed to Alpha Media Group 2012
Highlight:Punch Drunk Love
Honorable Mention:Reign Over Me, Spanglish
Even Happy Gilmore has tried his hand at drama, with at least one successful outing. He's sensational as the repressed anger tornado in Paul Thomas Anderson's Punch Drunk Love, taking his usual manchild persona and making it tragic. In the other two movies? Eh….The effort is as commendable as the movie are unwatchable.
15. JAMIE FOXX
Highlight: Ray
Honorable Mention: The Soloist, Any Given Sunday, Collateral
Foxx has transitioned so well into drama that you almost forget he got his start dressing in drag on In Living Color. Next up, he's going to play a badass bounty hunter in Quentin Tarantino's Django Unchained, further putting to rest any hopes we had for Booty Call 2: Rise of Bunz.
14. DON RICKLES
Highlight:Casino
When you heard the words “Don Rickles” and “Las Vegas,” you were forgiven for expecting the bald comic to be on a stage with a microphone making fun of tourists' shirts and wives – you were not, we suspect, prepared to see him as a pit boss under the watchful eye of Bobby DeNiro.
13. PATTON OSWALT
Highlight: Big Fan
Honorable Mention:Young Adult
On stage, Oswalt absolutely kills, which is why we found it odd that we did a lot more cringing than LOLing watching him play a creepily obsessed sports enthusiast in Big Fan. And Young Adult counts, too, since it was a black comedy and Patton's role was again more (intentionally) cringey than hilarious.
12. EDDIE IZZARD
Highlight:Valkyrie
Honorable Mention:The Riches, The Cat's Meow, Shadow of the Vampire
The transvestite comic has shown some range, most notably playing a traitorous Nazi officer in cahoots with a one-eyed Tom Cruise in the Bryan Singer movie Valkyrie. And since no one bothered to watch The Riches, most people have no idea how good he was on that show, either. But he was. For reals. Don't give us that look. We didn't tell you to waste your time watching Rubicon.
11. JONAH HILL
Highlight: Moneyball
The fat kid from Superbad was up there rubbing elbows with the Pitt-Jolie's at every award show, having proved he could handle himself in a movie that didn't require him to say “pube salad” (unless there's a deleted scene we don't know about).
10. MARLON WAYANS
Highlight: Requiem for a Dream
Holy shit, Little Man. Where did this come from? Long known as one of the “lesser Wayanses,” Marlon took a real career detour when he played a smack addict in Darren Aronofsky's nightmarish drug hootenanny. He may have parlayed it into six or seven Scary Movie appearances, but at least he had this moment.
9. STEVE COOGAN
Highlight:24 Hour Party People
To us, he'll always be Alan Partridge, but Coogan proved he could play a real life TV personality Tony Wilson (who was on the forefront of the Manchester music scene) completely straight, even if Wilson was slightly Partridge-y himself. And if you haven't seen him skewer himself in the mock-doc The Trip, you should. (What? It's a good movie. Not everything is a joke, you guys).
8. HANK AZARIA
Highlight: Shattered Glass
Honorable Mention: Quiz Show
That was indeed the voice of Moe Szyslak playing grizzled real life New Republic editor Michael Kelly in the movie that remains the only good thing Hayden Christensen has ever done. (That's right, we said it. The Star Wars prequels are bad. You heard it here for the 20,356th time). And yet we still must ask: If he's playing a newspaper editor, why is he ripped? Is he always on the verge of auditioning for Conan: The Many-Voiced Warrior?
7. MO'NIQUE
Photo Courtesy of Lionsgate | Licensed to Alpha Media Group 2012
Highlight: Precious: Based on the Novel Push By Saphire
We're man enough to admit to being scared shitless by Mo'Nique's turn as a demonic Mombeast in Precious – as well as surprised, since nothing on her resume hinted that this was coming. She was in Broken Lizard's Beerfest, for crying out loud.
6. JIM CARREY
Highlight:Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind
Honorable Mention: Man on the Moon, The Truman Show, Doing Time on Maple Drive
Who knew In Living Color was secretly competing with the Royal Shakespeare Company as a dramatic actor farm team? Jim went from tugging on his butt cheeks to tugging on our heartstrings, and was so good in Spotless Mind that I bet you forgot Elijah Wood and Mark Ruffalo were in it, too, didn't you?
5. BILL MURRAY
Highlight:Lost in Translation
Honorable Mention:Broken Flowers, Get Low
Late period Bill Murray has seen him mellow into semi-comic, semi-dramatic roles and absolutely crush them. For his next trick, he's actually going to be playing former president Franklin Delano Roosevelt. We are a long way from Meatballs.
4. ALBERT BROOKS
Photo Courtesy of FilmDistrict | Licensed to Alpha Media Group 2012
Highlight:Drive
Honorable Mention:Taxi Driver
You always knew Brooks could pull off drama because his comedy was so dry and deadpan that it wouldn't require such a radical gear-shift. But we had no idea he could be intimidating until Drive. He managed to be unsettling even when sharing the screen with Ron Perlman, whom we're still not convinced isn't a shaved yeti. (Just joking, Mr. Hellboy. Please don't crush us.)
3. WILL SMITH
Highlight: The Pursuit of Happyness
Honorable Mention: Ali, Six Degrees of Separation
Watching the once-Day-Glo-covered kid who rapped about how parents just don't understand playing a homeless parent who understood all too well was jarring, to say the least. But the once Fresh Prince of Bel Air has a legit career now, where he can pinball between comedy and drama and even action flicks without anyone sneering (except Jazzy Jeff, who remains cripplingly jealous).
2. MICHAEL KEATON
Highlight:Clean and Sober
Honorable Mention: Batman, My Life, One Good Cop
Despite appearing in stuff like Mr. Mom, Night Shift and Gung-Ho earlier in his career, Keaton always had the eyebrows of a dramatic actor. In the addiction-recovery drama Clean and Sober, his eyebrows finally found the right role battling his demons alongside drug counselor Morgan Freeman. And remember how batshit all the fanboys went when Tim Burton cast Beetlejuice as the Dark Knight? But he pulled it off.
1. ROBIN WILLIAMS
Photo Courtesy of Miramax Films | Licensed to Alpha Media Group 2012
Highlight:Good Will Hunting
Honorable Mention: World's Greatest Dad, Dead Poet's Society, Awakenings, One Hour Photo, Insomnia
Williams remains the heavyweight champ of the comedy to drama transition. No one suspected the guy who used to bounce around the stage in a cocaine cloud would be sympathetic, heart-rending, or even blood-chilling. Go back and watch old Mork & Mindy episodes again and tell yourself, “this guy's going to win an Oscar one day.” You won't believe yourself. You'll also return to an unrecognizable future because you interacted with your past self and tore the space-time continuum. But it'll be worth it.
The fastest ways to test whether a number is prime have some small probability of being wrong. Said another way, it's easier to tell whether a number is “probably” prime than to tell with certainty that it's prime. This post looks briefly at algorithms for primality testing then focuses on what exactly it means to say a number is “probably prime.”
The simplest probabilisitic method for testing primes is based on Fermat's Little Theorem. This theorem says that if p is prime then ap-1 has a remainder of 1 when divided by p. If the remainder when dividing an-1 by n is anything other than 1, we know we do not have a prime. If the remainder is 1, we don't necessarily have a prime, but the chances that the number is prime have gone up. (At this point, some statisticians are cringing at my wording. I'll get to these objections in a minute.)
If I repeat the test for several different values of a, the probability that my number is prime keeps going up. In principle I could keep testing with new values of a until I'm sufficiently satisfied that my number is prime. That's not quite true, however, since there are some numbers known as Carmichael numbers that will slip through the test for every value of a. The smallest Carmichael number is 561. But these numbers are sufficiently rare that you are extraordinarily unlikely to run into one by accident when testing large numbers for primality.
Primality testing involves some very interesting mathematics. I may blog about that sometime, but in this post I want to look at what it means to say a number is “probably prime.” This issue illustrates the differences between two schools of statistical interpretation.
A strict frequentist statistician would argue as follows. Suppose you have a large number N, and you run it through a probabilistic primality test. If it fails, the probability of it being prime is 0 because the number is certainly composite. If it passes, the probability that it is prime is either 0 or 1, but we just don't know which. If it is prime, the probability that it is prime is 1. If it's not prime, the probability is 0. It's not very helpful to ask for the probability of a specific number being prime because there's nothing random going on.
However, just before you write off the statistician as being worthless, he gives a further explanation. He explains that you can indeed talk about the probability of a number being prime if you rephrase your question. Suppose you pick a number at random from some range. Then you can speak of the probability that you chose a prime number. The number's properties are not random but your choice is random. And further you can ask about the conditional probability that your selection will be prime given that it passes a primality test.
Perhaps you don't find the argument above satisfying. You still want to say “I've got a number here and it passed the primality tests. Surely I can say it's probably prime.” A Bayesian statistician may agree with you. There are varieties of Bayesians, but one school of thought says that probabilities represent uncertainty. Randomness is one cause of uncertainty, but not the only one or even the most important one. E. T. Jaynes was a major proponent of this view. He argued that much of what people say about randomness is nonsense and that we should focus on information instead. As he once said “probabilities do not describe reality, only our information about reality.”
Of course a particular number is either prime or not, but our knowledge of whether it is prime is uncertain. So the probability refers to our mental state, not to the number. (In a sense this isn't too different from the frequentist saying the probability applies to our process of choosing numbers, not the number we drew.)
One criticism of Bayesian statistics is that Bayesian analysis begins with a prior distribution. So our Bayesian statistician would ask “What is your probability that the number will be prime before you select it?” A sensible answer would be to use the Prime Number Theorem to come up with an initial guess. For example, if you're picking a number with 200 digits, the theorem says that the proportion of 200-digit numbers that are prime is roughly 1/(200 log 10) or about 1/460.
But what if someone chooses a prior that isn't as clever? They'll get a different probability that a particular number is prime! But that's to be expected. If a probability represents uncertainty, some people will have more uncertainty than others because people know different things. What if someone secretly created your 200-digit number by multiplying two 100-digit numbers? His prior probability that the product is prime will be zero because he has no uncertainty.
Leaving aside primality for a moment, suppose I flip a fair coin. Before I flip the coin, a frequentist and a Bayesian agree that the probability that it will come up heads is 1/2. Now suppose the coin has fallen to the floor and only I can see the outcome. My probability of heads is now either 0 or 1. The Bayesian would say that his probability is still 1/2 because his information hasn't changed. A strict frequentist would say it is now improper to assign a probability to the outcome. The coin's status has changed from random to fixed but unknown, and one may not use probabilities to quantify uncertain knowledge.
Going back to primality testing, recall we first said 1/460 was a good prior distribution on the probability of a 200-digit number being prime. But we could improve this by saying the prior probability is 0 for even numbers and 1/230 for odd numbers since we can easily rule out half of the 200-digit numbers. Our prior probability has become more refined because it now incorporates more knowledge, namely the fact that big even numbers are not prime. But why stop there?
We could rule out multiples of 3 as well and put all the positive probability on numbers not divisible by 2 or 3. We could continue, and at each step our prior distribution would change. Some people are disturbed by the thought of the prior changing like this, but it's perfectly consonant with the idea of a prior distribution expressing prior knowledge. The more work you do up front, the less uncertainty you have.
We could even continue this process, in theory, until we know the primality status of every 200-digit number and there's no uncertainty left. We'd be done before we got around to conducting our probabilistic primality test. In practice we'd never finish if we tried to test every 200-digit number for primality. There would be nowhere to store the results even if we could compute them. There are fewer than 10^80 atoms in the universe, so if we stored one result per atom, we could only store a table of primes up to about 80 digits.
Setting aside statistical fine points, suppose we are now quite certain that our number is prime. Say we report that the probability of our number not being prime is less than 1 chance in 1050. Is that really believable? For such a tiny probability, isn't it more likely that there was a bug in our computer program that produced the probability? Or if we assume the software is perfect, we have to admit that computer hardware has errors. These errors are rare, but are they as rare as one chance in 1050? Or for that matter, what is the probability that radiation may have caused a bit to flip somewhere in the hardware as we were computing?
Suppose we want to know the primality of a number because we're going to use the number in an encryption algorithm. Then our ultimate concern is whether the encryption keeps our data secure. If the probability of the primality algorithm failing is orders of magnitude less than the probability of other security threats, we should focus our attention elsewhere.
Related posts:
As the nation reels from the latest war atrocity, articles like "Robert Bales, Afghan Killing Suspect, Plagued By Money And Job Strife" attempt to explain why on March 11, 2012, 17 Afghanistan civilians, nine of whom were children, were allegedly murdered in the sanctity of their homes by U.S. Army Staff Sergeant Robert Bales, a decorated 38-year-old, married father of two young children with 10 years of honorable service.
Senior military and political officials reflexively assign full accountability to the isolated, deranged acts of a lone, troubled killer. Some mention the cumulative effects of a fourth combat tour for this seasoned, battle-tested leader since 2003, who was wounded twice, including a mild traumatic brain injury (TBI) during his last deployment. Others suggest triggers for the uncharacteristic rampage involve the alleged consumption of alcohol after witnessing a unit member losing a leg from a recent fire fight, disgruntlement over being passed for promotion, financial difficulties, and family strain due to an unanticipated deployment. Still others infer that a 2002 guilty plea for assault, a dismissed hit-and-run in 2008, and financial problems diagnose the accused murderer as a predisposed, morally-flawed "bad apple," or sociopath. Has to be, right? No "normal" person could commit such heinous acts, right?
Preventing War Atrocity and Other Misconduct Stress Behaviors
As reported in my Jan. 27, 2012 blog, "Preventing Military Misconduct Stress Behaviors," war atrocities are called "misconduct stress behaviors" by the military, which have always befallen in war, even at the hands of otherwise decent people. There have been dozens, if not hundreds of new stories within the past few years alone regarding military suicides, sexual assaults, homicides, etc. In hindsight, nearly every incident is preceded by occasions for early identification and intervention that could have prevented tragedy. In Bales' case, there were certainly plenty of opportunities whereby effective intervention might have diverted catastrophe. However, with exception of anger management in 2002, it is unknown what mental health services, if any, Bales received between 2003 and 2012.
What we do know is that Bales now sits alone in the isolation of his jail cell at Fort Leavenworth, Kan., contemplating a futureless, guilt-ridden existence, with the senseless blood-taking of 17 innocents allegedly on his hands. As a society, we collectively search for answers and compulsively seek to assign blame and responsibility when the seemingly-inexplicable happens. Confirmation of a monster becomes a national priority.
Who Is to Blame for War Atrocity?
First and foremost, the perpetrator(s) -- after all, they pulled the trigger. But the national finger pointing doesn't and shouldn't stop there. Other potential sources of culpability mentioned in the press are a possible anti-PTSD climate at Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Tacoma, Wash., where Bales was stationed, questions over deployment of a struggling SSGT after TBI, the Afghanistan base commander's alcohol policy, and so on. At the end of the day, however, it is likely that none of above may be revealed as legitimate contributing factors, leaving many with the unsettling feeling that certainly someone other than the accused screwed-up and must be held accountable.
Reality Check
We should never allow the unspeakable acts of a few to color the many. More than 2 million men and women have deployed and served their country honorably over the past 10 years, and 99.9 percent did not commit war atrocity. However, history has taught us time and again that individuals adapt differently to the effects of chronic war stress. Some experience positive effects, or even post-traumatic growth. Yet most, given a certain dosage or level of exposure, will and have experienced some sort of physical and/or psychological breakdown in the form of PTSD, depression, suicide, medically-unexplained symptoms, substance abuse, military sexual trauma, interpersonal violence, etc.
War and Societal Guilt
The most inconvenient of truths, however, is that every U.S. citizen above the age of 18 years bears some responsibility for such travesties, particularly the politicians and ruling elite. Bales and his family are just the latest of a long string of members of the warrior class that have unjustly born the burden of fighting an 11-year war. For instance, more than 107,000 military personnel have been deployed at least three times, while the vast majority of society remains comfortably insulated and complicity silent. No million-person marches or protests occur as long as the weight of war fighting conveniently falls upon an all-voluntary force comprised of fewer than one-half of 1 percent of the less-privileged members of society.
Yet, this story too will rapidly fade from the public eye -- especially when our conscience is tweaked by an uneasy, unrecognized sense of guilt as media accounts from Bales' military supervisors, co-workers, high school teachers, neighbors, friends, and family members don't paint a portrait of a crazed psychopath, but rather someone eerily like us, excluding of course the reported past transgressions and alleged financial miscalculations. How could a "caring, good-natured, family man and loving father" suddenly break and commit such unconscionable, mortal sin? There must be a monster inside, else wise what does it say about us? Do we bear any obligation for permeating the conditions well-known to break even the strongest and most resilient of human beings?
Culpability of Institutional Military Medicine
Additionally, institutional military medicine is deserving of at least some liability for the steady drum beat of war stress injuries and misconduct stress behaviors, starting with its public deception and gross negligence in preparing and responding to wartime mental health needs that led to a transparent but unacknowledged mental health crisis until as late as June 2007 (see G. Zoroya, Psychologist: Navy faces crisis and An Achievable Vision: Report of the Department of Defense Task Force on Mental Health, June 2007 ). Similar to Wall Street and banking barons whose unethical behavior subverted the U.S. economy, senior military leaders betrayed the public trust with impunity when it came to managing military mental health care.
A recent but token example is Department of Veteran's Affairs (DVA) and Department of Defense (DoD) policymakers' continued restriction of war veterans' access to eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (EMDR), one of the most effective, evidence-based PTSD treatments available, according to the VA/DoD clinical practice guidelines for managing post-traumatic stress, the American Psychiatric Association's practice guidelines for the treatment of patients with acute stress disorder and posttraumatic stress disorder, and every major international PTSD treatment guideline. [1]
When Politics Trumps Science in Military Mental Health Care
In January 2011, the Government Accountability Office (GAO) investigated the DVA's indefensible decision to limit veterans' access to two of its homegrown PTSD treatments --Prolonged Exposure (PE) and Cognitive Processing Therapy (CPT) -- while excluding external competitors, like EMDR, developed outside the DVA. For instance, despite billions of dollars spent by the DVA/DoD to research PTSD treatments (e.g., massage, art therapy, marijuana derivatives, etc.), no EMDR research has been conducted since the wars began -- a blatant disregard of military medicine's mission to ensure that all war veterans have unrestricted access to the highest quality mental health treatment possible.
Scientific and personal bias should never enter into the equation. The status quo is even more inexplicable when in February, 2012, the DVA informs the Congressional Budget Office that only 40 percent of VA PTSD patients successfully complete PTSD treatment -- a 60 percent wash-out rate!
In stark contrast, randomized controlled trials of EMDR in 1998 with Vietnam combat veterans demonstrated that 77 percent of veterans no longer had PTSD diagnosis after 12 sessions -- with no drop-out [2]. Promising results; however, 1998 marked the last EMDR research trial the DVA has funded.
Why Should Military Personnel and Veterans Have Access to EMDR?
According to the DVA's National Center for PTSD public advice for military patients seeking PTSD treatment, "Experts are still learning how EMDR works [just not DVA or DoD experts]. Studies have shown that it may help you have fewer PTSD symptoms. But research also suggests that the eye movements are not a necessary part of the treatment."
Not a ringing endorsement for a VA/DoD-identified evidence-based therapy. The DoD and DVA also deceptively omit the fact that approximately two dozen controlled studies have show eye movements have positive effects, including decreases in the vividness of negative imagery and emotions that at a minimum can make treatments of traumatic memories more tolerable. Yet, if we take the DVA/DoD at their word, EMDR is still designated as an evidence-based PTSD treatment (see: VA/DoD, 2010) despite using meaningless eye movements and violating every known principle of talk therapy and trauma-focused treatment (see: Russell, 2008), such as:
• requiring little client self-disclosure and minimal therapist input
• not compelling clients to repetitively retell vivid details of trauma events
• requiring no homework, as compared to 40-60 hours of CBT homework completion
• not requiring teaching of coping skills, cognitive restructuring, or rational disputation
• a single protocol shown to simultaneously treat symptoms associated to PTSD, depression, anger, dissociation, traumatic grief, guilt, and medically unexplained symptoms including phantom limb pain
• effectiveness with both acute and chronic stress injuries
• better tolerated by clients than exposure therapies (e.g., PE)
• generally more rapid treatment effects than standard talk therapies
The real question ought to be: "Why are the DVA and DoD not researching EMDR?" Even more conspicuous, considering a 2007 National Institute of Mental Health-funded random controlled study where EMDR significantly outperformed Prozac (the frontline medication for PTSD and depression) and a placebo control in treating adults with PTSD [3]. At follow-up, 100 percent of those suffering from adult onset trauma no longer had PTSD.
Concluding Remarks
Of course it's impossible to know whether EMDR might have actually altered the horrific trajectory, had it been widely accessible to soldiers like Bales earlier. We will never know. It could also be that Bales received EMDR therapy before deploying and it did not prevent the ensuing massacre. Nonetheless, failure to do the right thing, for the right reasons, especially during wartime, constitutes an unnecessary self-inflicted wound and breach of trust raising serious questions of societal and institutional military medicine intent to keep faith with the warrior class.
Again, the EMDR issue is not the main point here, but a symptom of the bigger underlying problem regarding military mental health care and why after every major war since 1918 we experience mental health crisis and tragedies like the alleged Bales incident. No time to go into that here. For now, readers are urged to contact their congressional members and request that DVA and DoD end the political gaming and ensure that EMDR research, training, and treatment utilization is immediately made available on par with DVA-favored treatments. In sum, there is plentiful cause for a nation to self-reflect in its pursuit of social justice.
REFERENCES:
[2] (Carlson, et al. (1998). Eye movement desensitization and reprocessing for combat-related posttraumatic stress disorder. Journal of Traumatic Stress, 11, 3-24.
[3] van der Kolk, B. A., et al., 2007). A randomized clinical trial of eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (EMDR), Fluoxetine, and pill placebo in the treatment of posttraumatic stress disorder: Treatment effects and long-term maintenance. Journal of Clinical Psychiatry, 68(1), pp. 37-46]
For more by Mark C. Russell, Ph.D., ABPP, click here.
I thought in 2014 the message would be obvious.
Nope.
My son plays youth baseball. One evening in May, a thunderstorm approached the fields where he was playing. I was needed in the office, and my wife was at the game. We communicated back and forth regarding the movement of this lone thunderstorm cell.
Both my wife and I are professional meteorologists. We both carry a lightning detection app on our phones. The app costs two dollars.
In between innings at our son's game, she made the umpire aware that lightning was within 5 miles of the field. Unfortunately, the umpire invoked his machismo and was initially dismissive of this information, telling her, “I'll keep an eye on it,” as the game continued.
While our son's game was briefly suspended a short time later, other games at the complex were allowed to continue without regard to the nearby storm.
I understand the desire to get the games in.
I know there is a sentiment that it can't happen here.
I watch as crowd mentality takes over. People grumble and complain when there is a weather delay, especially if there is no rain coming down, and the thunder seems distant.
I recognize that, statistically, a lightning strike at any one particular spot is a low probability event.
However, when thunder is audible, that location is at immediate risk of a lightning strike. It is not uncommon for lightning to strike 10 miles away from the center of a storm. In rare cases, 20 miles away. It happens. You may not have seen it happen, but it does happen.
Let me make this simple for anyone who is in charge of a youth sports organization or an umpire. If you hear thunder, GET THE KIDS OFF THE FIELD!
There were 23 lightning fatalities in the United States in 2013. I have twice spoken to a support group consisting of people who have survived lightning strikes. Their stories are harrowing.
My wife and I are continually disturbed by the cavalier attitude many umpires show toward lightning. Perhaps it is not fair to single out a particular umpire, but it is symptomatic of a wider problem. Consider how a few people responded to the situation I shared above.
Beth Tucker: “AMEN !!!!!!!!!!!!! My 14 year old nephew was struck & tragically killed by lightning June 9, 2007. He was running with his brother to shelter when the isolated storm came up. GET THOSE CHILDREN INSIDE !!!!!!!!!!!”
Charlene Bostic: “My daughter was just missed by a lightning strike 6 years ago. It hit two trees less than 10 feet away. It killed the trees. My daughter said she felt the hair on her body standing up. She saw a ball of light shoot out of the ground where she was just standing before she ran to the work building in our yard.”
Nate McClure: “I was appalled last night at how long the Athletic Association waited before getting everyone off the field.”
* * *
If you run a youth athletic sports program and have a lightning safety plan, thank you. Be sure it is enforced.
If there is not, one should be immediately developed. Umpires must enforce a consistent lightning policy. As a parent and meteorologist, I will not stand idly by while an umpire, with no experience or reliable data, and under peer pressure from parents, forces a game to continue when there is a legitimate risk to the safety of the players.
As a professional, I recommend an immediate pause in the game upon any audible thunder. Or at absolute minimum, let the batter finish his/her at bat, then clear the field. The suggested subsequent course of action is for all people to seek shelter in their automobiles, however, each individual must be responsible for his/her own safety.
Play should not resume until at least 15 minutes after the last audible thunder. Thirty minutes is a better suggestion. That is the amount of time set by the Virginia High School League and is consistent with guidelines from the National Weather Service.
And look, I get it. I cannot count how many times a thunderstorm has drifted safely by, only 3 or 4 miles away. Inevitably, a spectator needs to chest-thump, “See, I knew it was going miss us.”
Yes. It missed. No one is dead. The roulette wheel did not come up with green double zeroes.
This is usually the same person who “knows” they are going to win the lottery.
It is in the best legal interest of any youth sports organization to have a policy in place before something tragic happens.
As I mentioned on social media previously, if you like to chance, go play Yahtzee. I will not let you do it at a youth baseball game.
Advertisements
September 22, 2010 | Written by PETA
Are you still throwing shrimp on the barbecue because you think that eating them is good for you? Nothing could be more skewered. In fact, the latest scientific research shows that eating shrimp may actually be hazardous to your health.
Here are the top 10 reasons to keep prawns off your plate:
1. Poop Cocktail
During cleaning, shrimp's legs are torn off and they're decapitated and disemboweled. As their bowels are ripped out, poop spills out and often gets all over the shrimp.
2. Extra Skin
Shrimp are bottom dwellers who feed on parasites and skin that they pick off dead animals. This means that every mouthful of scampi you eat comes with digested parasites and dead skin.
3. Toxic Jambalaya
Most shrimp who are eaten come from places that have no restrictions on traces of illegal contaminants, such as dioxins, PCBs, and other banned chemicals, or on pumping them full of hormones and antibiotics.
4. Dolphin-Safe Shrimp?
Trawling is taking a toll on the legions of wild creatures, including dolphins, who call the sea their home. Nets don't discriminate.
5. Farming Destroys Fish, Too
Shrimp farming is fatal to fish. Because it takes up to 3 pounds of wild-caught fish to feed and produce a single pound of farmed shrimp, fish populations are plummeting.
6. Slave Labor
Almost all shrimp farms and shrimp processing plants are located in developing countries, where workers are forced to work long hours for minimal pay. Eating meat supports unethical employers.
7. Too Neat to Eat
With more than 2,500 species of shrimp out there, scientists are just beginning to scratch the surface of these fascinating animals' largely unknown behavioral characteristics.
8. Cholesterol Bombs
With a whopping 152 milligrams of cholesterol per 100-gram serving of shrimp (four or five shrimp), just two servings would put you over the daily recommended allowance of 300 milligrams of cholesterol. No plant food in the world contains any cholesterol.
9. Fished to Extinction
A study conducted by the International Union for Conservation of Nature found that at least 28 percent of the world's freshwater shrimp species are threatened with extinction.
10. Shrimply Fantastic Faux
Forget the “reel deal”! More and more vegan shrimp dishes are making their way onto restaurant menus. You can also trawl the frozen-food section of your local supermarket or specialty store to find vegan shrimp and dozens of other mock meats.
If you're fishing for a heart-smart way of eating that's fish-friendly and good for the environment, a vegan diet is the perfect catch. The consumption of plant-based foods has been linked to better cardiovascular health as well as a decreased risk of developing cancer, diabetes, and obesity.
Take our Pledge to Go Vegan!
If you're fishing for a heart-smart diet that is healthy, fish-friendly, and good for the environment, being vegan is the perfect catch. Plant-based diets have proved to reverse heart disease and reduce the risk of cancer, diabetes, and obesity.
Esports is thriving in the Visayas.
Electronic Sports in the Philippines' central region, the Visayas Islands, is in the spotlight once again and this time, it's on the Negrenses as Dumaguete City, the capital of Negros Oriental, will be hosted to the eSNL Summer Major, a competitive gaming event to feature Dota 2, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, and NBA 2K17.
Organized by the Electronic Sports Negrense League, and the Negros Oriental Sports Confederation, the month-long event will kick off with its qualifier matches starting with CS:GO this coming May 13 and 14, followed by NBA 2K17 on May 20 and 21, and Dota 2 which will be this coming May 25 and 26.
The Grand Finals for all tournaments will be held at the Lamberto Macias Sports and Cultural Center on May 28, 2017, and will have a combined prize pool of PHP 33,500.
Albeit, the format, and the prize pool may not be as comparable as the other major tournaments happening in Luzon, the eSNL Summer Major still proves that pro gaming is well and alive in other parts of the Philippines and can be added to the long and major push for Esports to be recognized positively as the event is also held together with a local government body.
The eSNL Summer Major is now the second major Esports event happening in the Visayas, with the other one being the NS Domination League which is a PHP 210,000 Dota 2 tournament happening in Cebu this coming July 2017.
Mitt Romney offered a chilly endorsement of the idea of auditing the Federal Reserve Monday.
Speaking at a campaign event in New Hampshire, Mr. Romney said he was for an audit, but he added that he didn't want to sacrifice the Fed's independence or hand over control of the central bank to Congress in the process. The qualification puts him closer to the Fed's own position on subjecting itself to outside scrutiny.
“The Federal Reserve should be accountable and we should see what they're doing,” Mr. Romney said when asked at an event in Goffston, N.H., whether the Fed should be audited. He said yes to the question on audits but later added, “I don't want to have Congress run the Fed, by the way…I want to keep it independent. There are very few groups that I would not want to give the keys to, one of them is Congress.”
Britney Spears' Son Jayden Released From Hospital
What was supposed to be a family getaway to Kentwood, Louisiana turned into a frightening ordeal for. The pop singers the youngest son Jayden James was rushed to Mississippi Regional Medical Center on Sunday after having a "bad reaction" to something he ingested.
This was the first trip that Brit had taken with her children since her very public custody battle with ex husband Kevin Federline. K-Fed was reportedly keeping close tabs on Jayden's condition and was prepared to travel to Mississippi if his son hadn't improved.
The good news is that Jayden was released from the medical facility last night and he and his mother Britney immediately returned to "Serenity" compound in Kentwood where the family resides. Onlookers said that Brit looked completely worn out and who can blame her.
8 SHARES Share Tweet
Would you like a garden that produces bountiful harvest year after year without back-breaking effort?
Of course! Who wouldn't?
Last fall, I sat in on a lecture by Rick Austin, author of Secret Garden of Survival. Rick showed the class one picture after another of a forest-like garden filled with every fruit and vegetable imaginable and said once planted, the garden pretty much took care of itself.
Amazing, I thought. I have to do this at our mountain house!
A month or so later, I'd thought I figured out the best spot for a food forest and called a tree removal company. The week the bulldozers were scheduled to raze a half acre of our wooded land, I met Joshua Deel of Barefoot Farms & Permaculture. Whether you consider it a coincidence or an act of God, it was perfect timing.
Turns out Josh is a certified permaculture designer and the owner of Sustainable Design Solutions and do you know what he said when I told him of my landscaping plans?
“Wait!! Don't do it! Permaculture is so much more than a food forest.”
I immediately cancelled the construction crew demolition and over the last month, Josh has been busy creating a design to turn the mountain house into a permaculture homestead.
The more I learn about permaculture, the more excited I get. My goal today is to share some of that excitement and show you why I think permaculture is the way of the future.
Josh has graciously agreed to help by answering some of the most common questions about permaculture.
What is permaculture?
As the founder of permaculture, Bill Mollison, says, “Permaculture is about design, values, ethics and a personal responsibility for earth care.”
Permaculture is the intentional design and maintenance of agriculturally productive ecosystems, which have the diversity, stability, and resilience of natural ecosystems. It is the harmonious integration of landscape and people—whole human habitats—providing their food, energy, shelter, and other material and non-material needs in a sustainable way. The philosophy behind permaculture is one of working with, rather than against, nature; of looking at systems in all their functions rather than asking only one yield of them and thereby allowing systems to demonstrate their own complexities and maturation. This requires a multi-disciplinary approach integrating ecology, agriculture, architecture, and construction.
Why should I care about permaculture?
Without permanent agriculture there is no possibility of a stable social order. Period. Soil degradation is at the core of environmental, even social, problems we face. Our present system of agriculture and land clearing for agriculture either remove soil or deplete it. The only way to change what we as a culture and society have created in history and change the problems that persist in the present is to partner with ecosystems and design for ecosystem interactions that will build soil, and ultimately a permanent culture as well! We can design for the futures we want to have and want our posterity to enjoy by changing the present paradigm, designing ecology-based societies instead of consumer-based ones.
What are the benefits of permaculture?
Permaculture offers an alternative paradigm to the current system of pending crises in food, fuel and energy, economics, politics, etc. It changes the social system in that it makes people define where their resources- what their needs are for food and support systems- come from within their region or biosphere. Permaculture design can establish secure whole human habitats that are both resilient and regenerative, supplying for all our needs! This kind of human habitat offers numerous health and lifestyle benefits, including the expansion of time density- that is, meaningful life experiences increase exponentially and overall quality of life enhances!
What are some examples of permaculture in practice?
Permaculture is being practiced and demonstrated in virtually every climate around the world no matter how extreme. One amazing demonstration of this is the “Greening the Desert” project in the Middle East:
Permaculture is also practiced on any scale, from the very small urban or city space to the larger rural agricultural scale and even broader macrospaces such as entire landscape rehabilitation projects as the Loess Plateau in China (nearly 9 million acres!). Permaculture is also employed in holistic aid relief projects globally.
Is this just some New Age method of gardening with fancy terms like food forests?
Again, permaculture is an ethics based design science that supplies all our needs and benefits the environment. Permaculture isn't a metaphysical practice, although it learns from the lessons offered by things like local traditions and techniques as well as cultures and customs. It is primarily concerned with assembling conceptual, material, and strategic components in a pattern which functions to benefit life in all its forms. This can certainly be achieved by learning from traditions and techniques that work in one landscape and climate as well as those that worked closely with nature. The ethics that give permaculture its footing are:
Earth Care—this includes all living and non-living things, land, water, animals, air, etc. People Care—to promote self-reliance and community responsibility. Return of Surplus—this is to pass on anything surplus to our needs for the aims above (this is not to be achieved through government coercion, but voluntarily).
What's the difference between permaculture and sustainability?
Sustainability needs to be demystified. Simply, sustainability is an energy audit of a system. A sustainable system produces more energy than it consumes, so that there is enough in surplus to maintain and replace that system over the lifetime of it's components. In other words, the system is just replacing itself, there's no real increase. Sustainability is the minimum requirement of permaculture, and in order to gain an increased surplus you have to link to living systems because living systems get their energy from the sun, a free resource! Permaculture looks to gain a surplus in order to increase diversity and fertility of the system while providing our needs. We look beyond sustainability towards abundance!
Do I need a lot of land to get started in permaculture?
Not at all! You can practice permaculture right where you are—even if it's at your place of employment (even in a cubicle!). In fact, we know that the smaller the space, the higher the production per square foot will be! This is because efforts will be more intensive or concentrated.
Do I need animals to practice permaculture?
It depends. In context of the previous questions, one begins to see the scope of permaculture, its holistic nature and application. An example here would be a garden. There are different approaches to garden pests. One pest-negative approach applies chemicals and uses other such applications to eradicate them. A permaculture practitioner would simply design for an integrated pest management system that offers beneficial predator habitat (such as frogs, various birds, and other beneficial creatures) that is plant positive and offers chaos in cooperative confusion to eliminate unwanted pests. Once the pests are removed in this approach (usually eaten by a beneficial predator), they are re-deposited to the site in the form of fertilizing excrements. The first approach requires costly off-site inputs and harsh additives; the latter approach simply works with nature in an intentional design that is truly sustainable (a closed loop!). Besides, we don't have “pest problems” we have “site deficiencies”. This is the answer to the question: what is my site lacking? Perhaps, its animals.
What does permaculture have to do with being prepared?
Permaculture designed human habitats are adaptive, resilient, abundant, and secure places in a future of peak oil, climate instability, and deepening economic insolvency. This is at the heart of preparedness, to be adaptive, resilient, and secure while enjoying true abundance.
How can I start incorporating permaculture into my life—or home, garden, community—right now?
This is a great question! There are many ways to start doing this, today even. The first step is becoming educated about the practice, and the best way to do this is taking a 72hr. Permaculture Design Certification course (commonly referred to as the PDC). A great book, was written on how to transition to a permaculture lifestyle. To read it, click here.
I'm not great at gardening. How can permaculture help me?
That's okay, you don't have to be a great gardener, or architect, or builder, or landscaper, or highly educated, or a person of great financial means to practice permaculture. Again, permaculture is concerned with so much more than gardening. It is a holistic, whole system approach to designing our human habitats. It gives us a mainframe way of thinking and observing. Within permaculture are many disparate disciplines and sciences, and this doesn't mean you have to be an expert in all of these areas- in fact it'll take a lifetime (and then some) to master all of these. Simply, you need to gain the mainframe understanding of how to design ecologically sound systems and how the various disciplines (gardening, earthworks, landscaping, etc.) are arranged within permaculture design, and then enjoy the learning process of applying the vast disciplines necessary to implement your plan.
Money's tight. Does that mean permaculture isn't for me?
Not at all! There are so many free resources online, DIY sites, and work-trade programs where you exchange labor for permaculture training that will give you the skills and know-how necessary to get started in permaculture.
Where can I go to find more information?
There are numerous websites, but some of the best include:
permies.com is great for DIY resources, videos, tutorials, etc.
permaculturenews.com is excellent for daily articles and the news feed.
permacultureglobal.com is a global forum for people practicing permaculture, demonstration sites, permaculture aid work, and training courses.
geofflawton.com Geoff Lawton is one of the premier permaculture designers today and offers top quality courses and videos.
thebarefootfarm.com is our farm website, which has all of our contact information and tabs for services we offer in permaculture consultation, design, and implementation as well as educational tours, workshops, and PDC courses. Don't hesitate to touch base with us. We'd love to hear from you!
For the past decade, South Africa has been the preferred vacation spot, shopping destination and international transit hub for members of the tyrannical and murderous government ruling its northern neighbor, Zimbabwe — a government that has rigged elections, beaten and killed opposition activists and ruined a once thriving economy. All of this could now change because of a landmark legal decision.
Last week, the High Court in Pretoria, South Africa's administrative capital, handed down a historic judgment. It ordered South African authorities to investigate and prosecute members of Robert Mugabe's government who had tortured their political opponents. Under South African law, the police are obliged to investigate evidence of a crime against humanity, wherever it occurs, if the rule of law does not exist there, as is the case in Zimbabwe.
The ruling has profound implications. It could cement South Africa's commitment to protecting human rights and broaden the application of universal jurisdiction, which is the ability of countries to prosecute people who committed certain egregious crimes outside its borders. Unfortunately, the South African authorities want to sidestep it and are reportedly preparing an appeal to the Supreme Court of Appeal, which oversees the High Courts.
Overturning the ruling would be a disastrous setback, and all those who care about human rights in Africa should pressure President Jacob Zuma of South Africa to let the decision stand.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The case began in early 2008, when lawyers gave South African government prosecutors a dossier containing evidence that 17 Zimbabweans, some of whom now live in South Africa, had been tortured. They had been seized by Mr. Mugabe's police in Zimbabwe during a raid of the main opposition party's headquarters. The police then tortured them with electric shocks, mock executions and simulated drowning. Inside the dossier were the victims' sworn statements, corroborating affidavits from witnesses and doctors and the identities of the alleged perpetrators.
Photo
Yet the South African government prosecutors have so far refused to investigate these allegations, overruling the recommendations of the prosecutor in charge of the case. They tried to argue that such an investigation was impractical, and that it would complicate diplomatic relations with Zimbabwe at a time when President Zuma was supposed to be mediating between Mr. Mugabe and the opposition. The Pretoria High Court threw out all these objections, and said that the South African police and prosecutors had acted unconstitutionally by letting political considerations stop them, and that they were obliged to investigate.
SK Gaming defeated Ninjas in Pyjamas 2-1 to advance to the Grand Finals of the ESL Pro League Season 4 Finals on Sunday.
The match opened on a NiP special, Nuke, which went to an near-even 8-7 half in favor of SK. However, NiP shut down almost every attack from the Brazilians and gave them only two rounds before ending the map 16-10.
Next up was Overpass, SK's choice, but this time it wasn't even close. SK went up 12-3 at the half and pushed to a 16-7 win to tie the series.
The deciding map of the series was Cobble, a strong map for both teams, but SK got the early edge with a 9-6 half. The Brazilians took the second pistol round, followed by four rounds in a row, to bring it to a 14-6 scoreline. At that point NiP finally took back some momentum, but it wasn't enough, and SK closed the series 16-10.
SK Gaming are the first team to advance to the Grand Finals later today. Next, mousesports and Cloud9 will face off in the second semifinal.
JOHANNESBURG (Reuters) - President Robert Mugabe's government is using food as a weapon ahead of Zimbabwe's June 27 presidential run-off election, U.S.-based group Human Rights Watch said on Wednesday.
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe attends a U.N. crisis summit on rising food prices at the Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO) in Rome June 3, 2008. REUTERS/Alessandro Di Meo/Pool
The accusation came a day after CARE International said the government had ordered it to suspend its operations in Zimbabwe over allegations it was backing opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai's presidential campaign. It denies the charge.
Other humanitarian groups have been told to stop their work for the same reasons, the government said on Wednesday. It did not respond to the charge that it was using food for political advantage in the election race.
“The decision to let people go hungry is yet another attempt to use food as a political tool to intimidate voters ahead of an election,” said Tiseke Kasambala, the rights group's researcher for Zimbabwe.
“President Mugabe's government has a long history of using food to control the election outcome.”
Zimbabwe's once prosperous agricultural sector has collapsed since 2000, when Mugabe's government began seizing thousands of white-owned farms as part of a land redistribution policy designed to help poor blacks.
Many of the farms have ended up in the hands of senior officials with Mugabe's ruling ZANU-PF party and other supporters, while others have been tilled by farmers who lack experience and capital.
Zimbabwe now suffers chronic shortages of meat, milk, bread and other basic foodstuffs and relies on imports and handouts from foreign governments and relief agencies to feed its people.
Mugabe blames the country's economic collapse on sanctions imposed by foes in the West.
CARE had planned to start a food distribution program in Zimbabwe before it was suspended last week, said Ken Walker, the group's communications manager for Africa. He said CARE had 300 people working on various projects in Zimbabwe.
A senior Zimbabwean official said that CARE and other suspended non-governmental agencies would only be allowed to pursue their work if they swore off involvement in politics.
“If they want to continue with their programs, they know what to do. They must choose between politics and genuine humanitarian work,” Deputy Information Minister Bright Matonga said, adding that Zimbabwe did not want to rely on NGOs.
Mugabe faces a tough battle in the election run-off against Tsvangirai, who defeated the veteran ruler in the March 29 presidential poll, but did not win enough votes to avoid a second round.
The MDC says 50 people have been killed by Mugabe's supporters since the first round vote, and it said on Wednesday that soldiers and ZANU-PF activists were beating and threatening to shoot Zimbabweans who wanted to meet and support Tsvangirai.
“Mugabe is determined to turn the whole country into a war zone in order to subvert the will of the people and steal the June 27th election by any means possible,” Tsvangirai said while campaigning in Bulawayo on Wednesday.
Mugabe and his ZANU-PF say the opposition is responsible for violence.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Pepsi ended up pulling the spot, probably replacing it with another Pepsi ad, like maybe that one in which Cindy Crawford gets all sexy in front of two small boys. But while you might think that the backlash would result in everyone involved getting fired, quitting, or revealing themselves to be two chimpanzees in a trench coat masquerading as an ad exec, it really didn't have any negative impact on Pepsi. In fact, a lot of people liked the spot. One poll found that around 44 percent of people "had a more favorable view of Pepsi after watching the ad," while only 25 percent had a "less favorable" one. And most surprisingly of all, it didn't hurt the company's stock. Quite the opposite, the day the ad came out, Pepsi's stock rose until right up to the moment when they announced they were pulling it ...
Google
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
And while you'd expect that Coke would swoop in and reap the benefits of Pepsi's screw-up, they did worse by the end of the day.
Google
So don't be surprised if you see a #ShareAWoke campaign with Kylie.
Pepsi even managed to hang on to this surprising amount of goodwill, having their stock steadily rise since the incident. Heck, even the damn song featured in the ad became a hit after the controversy. Plus, protesters are bringing cans of Pepsi with them now. Face it, we all work for Pepsi.
It's been one year since I sold everything I had and ran from Puerto Rico to start a new life.
Like much life altering events, the seeds for change were being planted some time before. Trying to make a living as a photographer left me on the receiving end of daily bank calls and weight gain fueled by depression. Once the opportunity for change appeared, I jumped on it without any idea of what to expect. One week later I was in New York, getting ready to sleep in couches while I would settle in.
My first days in the city were hard, the bitter cold was something completely new to me, at first glance the city seemed pretty horrible with a lot of cranky people in every turn. I couldn't believe I left my sunny island for this.
Slowly but surely everything started becoming amazing. My bills were becoming a more manageable and smaller monster, I moved to downtown Manhattan to a very nice tiny apartment and summer was arriving bringing the warmth of the sun and with it new experiences in the city.
Old friends were relegated to wonderful memories while family visits became a quarterly thing. New friends arrived with incredible drive and enthusiasm that inspired me in many ways. A new family was and still is being formed in our little town of Financial District.
These people have helped shaped my view of the city, each one has added a little of their influence and taste to my life and made me a more grateful person and inspired person because of it.
As a form of gratitude I invited many of the people I've met for a few fun very enjoyable portrait sessions. While these are only a few of the people that have been a part of my life, I'm happy to share their portraits. Here are the results of our experiment:
Oakland has an opportunity to be a leader in creating mixed-income neighborhoods that address the housing crisis. Research shows that mixed-income neighborhoods with space and activities designed to bring neighbors together provide the most equitable opportunities for people with low incomes and educational levels.
The nonprofit East Bay Asian Local Development Corporation (EBALDC) has partnered with local developer,= UrbanCore Development to propose a new mixed-income, multi-family community on the publicly owned East 12th Street site near Lake Merritt in Oakland. Our proposal includes the maximum feasible number of affordable housing units (30 percent of our complex) and market-rate units; requires the least amount of subsidies from outside sources; and provides two-, three- and four-bedroom homes, along with a range of additional community benefits.
We explored a number of different affordable housing possibilities — including locating both market-rate and affordable units in the same building. After analyzing the scenarios, we determined that if we created a separate condominium building for the affordable apartments, we could build more affordable homes at deeper affordability; design for larger households (two- and three-bedroom homes); and create a market-rate building that targets a range of incomes — one that would include units that have rents that are accessible to working families. EBALDC would also have full control over the affordable housing building without the influence of market-rate investors in order to provide a range of resident services — such as healthcare services; computer training; childcare; after-school youth programs; individual counseling and referral services; resident organizing; and leadership development to engage residents in their own communities.
Our proposal calls for a market-rate tower that includes affordable units next to a standard seven-story affordable complex designed for families. To maintain affordability, most affordable housing complexes are no more than seven stories tall, because buildings taller than that require a steel frame, which is significantly more expensive to build. Our two buildings will be on a common platform with a single entrance and shared facilities. Our plan will create a truly mixed-income community and provide housing options for the full range of Oakland's workforce.
When the state eliminated redevelopment agencies, Oakland lost a major funding source for community improvement. This left the city with few resources to address the tremendous pressure on the city's housing market. With a number of companies now moving to Oakland, the number of people looking for housing will continue to increase. Yet, even if the entire city budget for a year was spent on building affordable housing, we could not build enough to solve the current problems. However, by building 252 market-rate apartments and 108 affordable apartments on the same site, we will have fewer families bidding up the cost of existing housing across the city. Driven by economic reality and needs of the city, we believe that our project is a model for addressing the affordable housing crisis by developing mixed-income communities.
As housing prices continue to increase, the people who have the stability of affordable housing are the most reliable potential workforce for the increasing number of employers in Oakland. Our housing is designed to be family-friendly for Oakland's workforce and accessible to households with wage-earning family members employed as teachers, caregivers, security guards, home-health aides, administrative workers, construction workers, artists, clergy, nonprofit workers, as well as technology and finance workers.
We see the East 12th Street site as an opportunity to demonstrate the viability of healthy mixed-income developments in Oakland. EBALDC remains committed to providing longtime residents with options to stay and not be priced out of the area. We will continue our advocacy work with the community to support enforcement of tenants' rights, including rent-controlled land, inclusionary zoning, impact fees, and other policy tools. In addition to new developments, we are seeking opportunities to buy existing apartment buildings and stabilize the rents to make them more affordable. And finally, we are also committed to addressing economic opportunities through our healthy neighborhoods collaborations, where we bring assets and resources to neighborhoods, such as fresh-food access, educational opportunities, healthcare, small business development, and job opportunities.
Many years of not building enough market-rate and affordable housing throughout the entire Bay Area has caught up with us in the form of higher rents. Significant amounts of new market-rate and affordable housing will be required to accommodate the thousands of families who are moving to this region. Our organization has been building innovative affordable and mixed-income housing and community facilities for more than forty years. We strongly believe that mixed-income neighborhoods that are designed to connect neighbors are healthier, more equitable places that provide more opportunities for residents in Oakland.
Wisconsin's Menominee Tribe has filed a case in Michigan to stop a proposed mine on what used to be its ancestral lands.
Late last month, the tribe filed a contested case that will eventually be heard by an administrative law judge in Michigan.
Aquila Resources wants to mine for gold, and possibly zinc or copper at a site near Stephenson, Michigan, just across the Menominee River border from Wisconsin.
But Tribal Chair Gary Besaw said there are culturally significant burial mounds on or near the mine site.
"Until it can be done in a process that does not put the environment at risk that it does," Besaw said. "We also ask that they not destroy those burial mounds and those ancestral areas."
The mining permit has been approved by Michigan, but air and water quality permits are yet to be done.
The Menominee are native to Wisconsin and ceded the Upper Peninsula land in 1836. Besides the mounds and burial sites, Besaw said the area around the proposed mine include miles of raised garden beds.
Besaw said that proves native people were much more sophisticated than many people may believe, "we have proof here, and it's one of the very few surviving places at this latitude that we have proof that thousands of years ago Indian people, native people, had raised garden beds."
An official with the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality said cultural concerns were taken into consideration during the mine application process.
The initial mine permit was granted by Michigan's Department of Environmental Quality. Division Director Hal Fitch said state archeologists looked at the site.
"I think there are some mound sites and maybe some burial sites and so forth. So the pertinent features there were outside of the area proposed for the mine," Fitch said.
Fitch said several more permits must be issued before the mine could start operation. There's no schedule as to when the Menominee's contested case will be heard.
In a written statement a Aquila Resources spokeswoman Robin Quigley said the company, "looks forward to addressing any concerns of the tribe through participation in the administrative process."
The statement continued that Aquila, "remains confident that the permit will remain in good standing."
There is no timeline as to when the Menominee's contested case will be heard.
CHICAGO--Music serves as a natural and non-invasive intervention for patients with severe neurological disorders to promote long-term memory, social interaction and communication. However, there is currently no plausible explanation of its neural basis for why and how music affects physical and psychosocial responses.
Origins of music perception in humans may have their foundation in animal communication calls, as evidenced here in non-human primates. Many speech sounds and animal vocalizations, for instance, contain components, commonly referred to as complex tones, which consist of a fundamental frequency (f0) and higher harmonics.
Using electrophysiological recording techniques to study the neuronal activities in the auditory cortex of awake monkeys, researchers at Georgetown University Medical Center's have shown neurons tuned to the fundamental frequencies and harmonic sounds, and such neural mechanisms of harmonic processing lay close to tonotopically organized auditory areas. They presented their findings at the 39th annual meeting Society of Neuroscience.
"The understanding of neural mechanism of 'innate' music features in non-human primates will facilitate an improved understanding of music perception in the human nervous system," explains Yuki Kikuchi, PhD, a research associate in the department of physiology and biophysics. "This will allow a neurobiological framework from which to understand the basis of the effectiveness of music therapeutic interventions."
###
The study was funded by grants from the National Institutes of Health. Kikuchi reports no related financial interests.
About Georgetown University Medical Center
Georgetown University Medical Center is an internationally recognized academic medical center with a three-part mission of research, teaching and patient care (through Georgetown's affiliation with MedStar Health). GUMC's mission is carried out with a strong emphasis on public service and a dedication to the Catholic, Jesuit principle of cura personalis -- or "care of the whole person." The Medical Center includes the School of Medicine and the School of Nursing and Health Studies, both nationally ranked, the world-renowned Lombardi Comprehensive Cancer Center and the Biomedical Graduate Research Organization (BGRO), home to 60 percent of the university's sponsored research funding.
From Jarrod L. – My dad knew the car from years ago. It was a street racer. In 1975 they stroked and bored a 454 for it. It didn't hardly have any miles on it before it was parked. It has sat in this building on dirt for 28 years. We turned engine and threw a carb on it with a fuel jug and fired the car up. The brake lines weren't even rusted. Inside of the drums were shiny like it just left the road. All the tires pumped back up. It has a Muncie 4 spd and 12 bolt rear.
We pulled the engine and are freshening it up but internals looked brand new! I plan to paint it nice, not a full restore because we want to leave the character in the car since it was somewhat a legend around the county and a lot of people will remember it!
We really do love seeing the finds you guys pull out of barns, sheds, garages or anywhere else a classic might be stashed away! It is great to see Jarrod's Malibu and we wish him the best with it. Hopefully he will keep us updated as they progress through bringing this former street racer back to life!
Watching your find being loaded on a tow truck is always an exhilarating and slightly nerve racking experience. Typically, it is the first time you get to see your find in the sunlight and it usually is the point when you start noticing all the dents, dings and flaws.
Jarrod has already dived into getting this Malibu back on the road. It's great to see some up close shots of the engine and its internals! It looks like he could have gotten away just a good cleaning and a tune up, but with a high power engine like this, sometimes it pays off in the long run to do a rebuild.
If you have a cool find that you've dug out, please send us some photos!
422 SHARES Facebook Twitter Linkedin Reddit
Chocolate, the latest virtual creation from the mind of Tyler Hurd—the VR animator and director behind BUTTS (2015) and Old Friend (2016)—launched today on the HTC Vive and Oculus Rift.
Chocolate is a real-time VR music video set to a catchy, building electronic track of the same name by artist Giraffage. The short three minute experience is a quick but trippy and polished delight, placing you at the center of a psychedelic stage with choreographed animation happening in coordination with the beat.
I previewed Chocolate during its showing at Sundance earlier this year and found that it got me moving to the beat and kept my attention over the course of the music video; it also compelled me to show several others so they could experience the crazy and colorful visuals and the toe tapping beat.
Read Our Chocolate Preview
Today Chocolate has launched to the public on Steam (supporting Vive and Rift) and the Oculus store (supporting Rift), priced at $2 for the first week and $3 thereafter. The experience is also ‘Subpac Optimized', meaning that it's been specially tuned for those using the Subpac bass backpack.
Share 18 Share 18
Pastor/State Representative Greg Stokes Using His Position To Prey On Vulnerable Married Women Who Come To Him For Marriage Advice
Want to advertise with Turtleboy? Email us at [email protected] for more information, and check out our website about types of advertising we offer.
This is Greg Stokes:
He is the senior pastor at the Cornerstone Church in East Windsor, CT. He was also recently elected to represent the town of Enfield as a state representative in the Connecticut State Legislature. It definitely helped that the incumbent he ran against was arrested for not one, but two DUIs over an 18 month period. After Stokes defeated him his opponent was arrested two days later for another drunken encounter with his father. So basically Stokes was elected because the guy he was running against is the 35 year old town drunk.
Anyway, Greg Stokes is still moonlighting as a pastor, and as a pastor one of his duties is guiding the people at his church when they are in times of need. One of these needs includes listening to people who come to him with issues in their marriage, and guiding them through it with good advice. Well, one of his parishioners, who he married in June, came to him to talk about some minor fight she had with her husband. She trusted he would pray with her and give her some type of advice. But instead of getting advice, according to her husband's Facebook post, he began to message her later that night, profess how attracted he is to her, and then asked her out to lunch:
Yea, that's pretty shady. And he had screenshots of his wife's conversation with Pastor/Representative Stokes to prove it. First Greg Stokes reached out to her, after seeing her prayer request on the church's website, and was passive aggressively hinting to her that he wanted to turn the conversation around make it about his marital issues:
“I need to keep alone. Never mind.”
Translation – I can't talk to you anymore, but I want you to ask me why.
So she starts telling him about her problems in confidence, and he wastes zero time once again making it all about him and how lonely he is:
We all have one of those friends. The one who always turns every story into something about them.
Then he told her he couldn't give her advice because he was attracted to her:
She politely thanked him anyway, he “apologized,” and then right back to hitting on her by telling her how attractive she is:
“Saw you today and I had, well you know.”
No Pastor, I don't know. Are you implying that you had a boner? Because that's what it sounds like you're trying to say without coming out and saying it.
Then he asks her out for lunch, despite already telling her he can't talk to her or give advice to her because he is too attracted to her:
“I should not be doing this.” Doing what? Dude, if you're gonna try to have an affair, then try to have an affair. This whole masking it thing is just uncomfortable for everyone. I mean, one minute he's asking her out and telling her how she's giving him boners, and the next minute he's saying “I should not be doing this.” Make up your mind dude.
HAHAHHAHHAHAHHAHA!!! Don't want to let you down!!! How will she ever survive? Because I know you she couldn't wait to drop everything and leave her husband of seven months for this guy:
Then he messaged her again the next day and she finally told him she was gonna have to find a new church:
The bottom line is that this woman, who he JUST MARRIED to another man, came to her pastor for advice and help, and instead of getting help he made it about him by venting about his own loneliness, he hit on her a bunch of times, said he was turned on by her, asked her out to lunch, and then when she was weirded out by it he backed out of their imaginary affair (in his brain) and apologized for “letting her down.”
Say what you want about catholic priests, but this is why I kind of trust them more. Yea, they had that whole child diddling scandal and the fact that they're willingly agreeing to lifelong celibacy is hard to come to terms with. But I feel like when I'm talking to a catholic priest I am speaking to a machine. Technically they're human, but the fact that they can't get married or date anyone completely eliminates the possibility of this happening. But to each their own.
And here's another thing – I don't trust any “pastor” who doubles as an elected official. See Sarai “Ti-Ti Ho” Rivera for more background on that. She once tried to use her influence as a City Councilor to get the taxpayers to pay to raze her death trap of a “church” so she wouldn't have to pay for it herself. Personally, I like my politics and my religion separate.
Anyway, we spoke to another source who claims that his current wife came to him for marriage counseling when he was running a church in another state (he's pastored at churches in Michigan and Kansas). The woman split up with her husband, he divorced his wife at the time, and he ended up marrying the woman who came to him for marriage counseling. So yea, pattern.
The fact that this guy is an elected official is just icing on the cupcake. As a Republican he is a member of the party that alleges itself to be the party of family values. That in and of itself makes this guy a fraud. More importantly, he's in a position where he gets to mentor vulnerable women who trust him and come to him with their problems. He took all of five minutes to see this woman's prayer request on the church website before messaging her and repeatedly telling her how attractive she is. Oh yea, and he JUST MARRIED her to another man!! Something tells me this isn't the first time this has happened, and if we don't blog about it then it's probably not going to be the last time.
We urge you to support the Turtleboy Sponsors by doing business with them. Without them none of this is possible. Click on any of them to check out their sites or Facebook pages.
Follow us on Twitter and like us on Facebook
Courtney Robertson will always have love for Arie Luyendyk Jr.
Speaking exclusively to PEOPLE, Robertson — who won Ben Flajnik‘s season of The Bachelor in 2012 — opened up about the franchise's new leading man, whom she dated off and on for years, including recently.
Get push notifications with news, features and more.
From his make-out skills to his “heart of gold,” see what she had to say about the 35-year-old professional auto racing driver, who was the runner-up on Emily Maynard‘s season of The Bachelorette in 2012.
What is your relationship with Arie?
ROBERTSON: Arie and I have dated on and off for a long time — for years. We developed a fun, flirty friendship and I'm really happy for him.
How did you find out he was going to be the Bachelor?
He actually called me while he was at the airport on his way to New York. I already knew they had contacted him and that it was a possibility, but I was surprised! Even Arie said, ‘I think it's a long shot. Who knows, maybe they just want me to come on the show so they can stick me in a dunk tank and have America decide.' He was really funny about it. Even now, Arie still can't believe it's really happening. He's really excited about it, so I'm happy for him. I hope he finds The One.
There was a lot of negativity surrounding the announcement yesterday — were you surprised?
Of course I'm protective of him, but Arie has thick skin and he won't pay attention to any of that negativity. And America will get on board. Peter [Kraus] from the sound of it thought, ‘If I don't want to propose, I won't have to.' And that's not the premise of the show. The whole point is that it ends in an engagement. I believe Arie will be in engaged in three months, absolutely.
RELATED VIDEO: Peter Kraus Is ‘Disappointed' He's Not the Bachelor, Source Says
Would you go on the show?
All of this really brought back memories for me. A lot of people were saying to me yesterday, ‘Please go on the show!' But I won't be going on. I won't be making an appearance. I've been there, done that!
How will Arie be as the Bachelor? A lot of people don't know him.
Arie is more than capable of handling himself. He's a very funny person. People think of him as quiet, but once he's comfortable, his personality really comes out. He's actually outgoing, and he's very smart. He's really good at making decisions, so that's a great quality that will help him, I think. I'm very indecisive and it drives him crazy. He's always like, ‘Make up your mind!'
In your 2014 memoir, I Didn't Come Here to Make Friends: Confessions of a Reality Show Villain, you said he was the best sex you've ever had.
Yes! He's very passionate and he's a great kisser. The girls better get their Chapsticks ready!
Why do you think this is the right time for him to be the Bachelor?
Arie's in a great place. He's older now. He'll be 36 [on Sept. 18]. He does want to get married and he wants a family. He's just been holding out for the right person. I think he's as ready as he'll ever be.
Will it be hard for you to watch him go through this given your feelings for him?
I think it would be hard for anybody to watch an ex fall in love and get engaged. We have a history. I don't think I'll be watching, but I'm so excited for Arie. He has a heart of gold and good things happen to good people. This is the best year ever for him. It's like winning the lottery! This is truly the love story people have been waiting for.
Why didn't it ever work out between you two?
We have a special friendship. Arie has always been there for me, he's stuck by my side. I had a bad rep for awhile and he always defended me. He'll always be a special person in my life. But the timing has never been right for us. The timing is right for him now. And I will always fight for him. I'll always be in his corner.
Luyendyk Jr.'s season of The Bachelor premieres in 2018 on ABC.
Erin Lee Macke, 30, was arrested on Thursday for leaving her four young children home alone while she flew to Germany for an 11-day trip
The ex-husband of a woman who left her four children at home unsupervised to go on a trip to Germany is furious but not surprised at his former spouse's behavior.
Matthew Macke said Friday that his ex-wife, Erin Lee Macke, was completely negligent in her duties as a parent and believes her actions were 'deliberate.'
'I am really angry, but I wish I could say I am surprised, but I am not,' Matthew told Inside Edition during an interview.
'In my eyes it was a clear and deliberate intentional act,' he said.
Police in Johnston, Iowa conducted a welfare check on Erin Lee Macke's house on September 21 after receiving a tip that her kids - 12-year-old twins (a boy and a girl), a seven-year-old girl and a six-year-old girl - were left alone.
They found that not only had the children been left alone, but that they had been left alone with a gun out in the open.
According to the criminal complaint, Macke left an unloaded Glock 9MM handgun on top of her dresser, next to two magazines - one fully loaded and one partially loaded.
Matthew Macke, who is an officer with Anamosa police department, confirmed that his children are 'doing well' following the incident. He is the father of the two youngest children.
Scroll down for video
Matthew Macke (pictured) said he is furious with his ex-wife after she left their four kids unsupervised at home
Macke posted several photos to Instagram from her trip to Germany, including this photo of herself smiling and throwing her hands up in front of the Danube River in Bavaria
Macke's four children are pictured above on the first day of school in August. Her 12-year-old twins are on the left, and her seven- and six-year-old daughters are on the right
Macke is pictured above during her first court appearance on Thursday, when she was ordered held in lieu of $9,000 bail
'If she wants to take a vacation, more power to her,' her ex-husband said. 'But she has a responsibility as a parent.'
The children told police that their mom had left for Germany the day before, and didn't plan to return until October 1.
When police called Macke abroad, she said that all of her babysitters fell through so she decided to leave the kids home alone.
'Investigators confirmed that Macke had made no arrangements to provide adult supervision or care for the children while she was away,' the police department said.
Police told Macke that was unacceptable and ordered her to return home immediately.
But she only cut her trip short by four days, returning to the U.S. Wednesday night. She was arrested Thursday morning and charged with four counts of child endangerment and one count of making a firearm available to a person under the age of 21.
In Iowa, if a child is not injured or killed due to child endangerment, it's an aggravated misdemeanor with a sentence of up to two years in jail or one year in jail and a fine between $625 and $6,250. The gun charge is a serious misdemeanor with up to a year in jail time and a fine between $315 and $1,875.
'I've never heard of anything like this before,' Johnston Police Lt. Tyler Tompkins told KCCI. 'We have situations where parents go next door or parents may go out for the night, and while that's not advisable either depending on the age of the children, obviously leaving the country is a totally different situation. This, where a parent has left the country and left the kids home alone, I've never heard of it before.'
It's unclear why Macke traveled to Germany, but the end of September is a popular time to visit the European country since it's when the annual Oktoberfest festival takes place in Munich, the capital city of the Bavaria region. This year's Oktoberfest, a two-week beer festival, began September 16 and ends October 3.
Photos posted on Macke's Instagram last week show her touring Bavaria with a girlfriend and a baby.
It's unclear why Macke visited Germany, but her photos suggest that her trip was purely recreational. She's seen above with a girlfriend outside of the Walhalla Memorial in Bavaria
The end of September is a popular time to visit Germany, since it's when Oktoberfest takes place. It's unclear if Macke planned to attend the beer festival, but it's likely since she was traveling around Bavaria and Oktoberfest takes place in the Bavarian capital of Munich. Above, a picture that Macke took of a field of hops - an important ingredient in beer
Macke took a picture of her bratwurst during her first day in Germany
The pictures show they visited the Walhalla Memorial and Regensburg Cathedral, ate bratwurst and saw fields of hops - an important ingredient in beer.
In one photo, Macke poses next to the Danube River, throwing her hands up in the air and smiling. That picture was posted on Tuesday, five days after police found her abandoned children.
Iowa Department of Human Services took custody of her children, and they have since been placed with extended family members. The two eldest children are with unspecified family members while the two younger children are with their father.
Public records indicate that Macke filed for divorce from her ex, Matthew, in 2013.
Macke is being held in lieu of $9,000 bail at the Polk County Jail.
A judge ordered Macke not to contact her children. She is due back in court on October 9.
In May, Macke competed in a bikini competition, according to a post on her Instagram
Above, another picture of Macke from the competition, posing with her eldest daughter
In court on Thursday, Macke was ordered not to have contact with her children
Macke pictured above with her two olest children, 12-year-old twins, above
The Paralympic Movement's global governing body will be responsible for marketing the international broadcast rights for the PyeongChang 2018 Paralympic Winter Games.
“We are delighted to have reached an agreement with PyeongChang 2018 for the IPC to act as the exclusive international sales agent for the next Paralympic Winter Games.”
The PyeongChang 2018 Olympic and Paralympic Games Organising Committee (POCOG) has appointed the International Paralympic Committee (IPC) to act as the exclusive sales agent for international broadcast rights for the 2018 Paralympic Winter Games.
Under the terms of the IPC-IOC agreement, a Games Organising Committee is responsible for selling the international broadcast rights to the Paralympic Games. However, after an agreement was signed on Thursday (24 September), PyeongChang 2018 has given the responsibility for marketing and negotiating international broadcast agreements to the IPC.
By taking over the marketing of international rights, the IPC aims to maximise coverage of the 2018 Paralympic Winter Games and create long lasting relationships with broadcasters that will ensure viewers have a greater knowledge and engagement of Paralympic sport in years to come.
The IPC struck similar agreements with both the Sochi 2014 and Rio 2016 Organising Committees leading to record breaking results.
The Sochi 2014 Paralympic Winter Games were watched by a cumulative TV audience of 2.1 billion in 55 countries, a significant increase on the 1.6 billion who watched the Games in Vancouver in 2010.
And, with just under one year to go until Latin America's first Paralympic Games, Rio 2016 is on course to break the four billion cumulative audience barriers for the first time with TV pictures set to be beamed to more than 120 countries and territories.
Xavier Gonzalez, IPC Chief Executive Officer, said: “We are delighted to have reached an agreement with PyeongChang 2018 for the IPC to act as the exclusive international sales agent for the next Paralympic Winter Games.
“Through the IPC taking on a similar role for the 2014 and 2016 Games, we have not only built loyalty with rights holders but continuity with TV viewers who are able to see more hours of Paralympic sport coverage than ever before.
“We aim to build on this success for future editions of the Games and are confident we can increase the number of international rights holders covering the Paralympic Winter Games in 2018.”
POCOG President Yang-ho Cho commented: “International broadcast rights sales is crucial for the success of the PyeongChang 2018 Paralympic Winter Games as well as the sustainable development of the Paralympic Games as a whole. With today's agreement, more global viewers will be able to witness and share unforgettable and historic moments of Paralympic athletes achieving their challenges through sports.”
The unicorn wasn't a mythical creature, and a skull of the animal recently found in the Pavlodar region of Kazakhstan is shedding new light on how long ago it roamed the Earth. The Siberian unicorn, known as the Elasmotherium sibiricum, died out approximately 29,000 years ago, according to a study published in the American Journal of Applied Sciences.
Elasmotherium sibiricum was originally thought to have become extinct about 350,000 years ago, and may have even crossed paths with humans. According to the Mother Nature Network, humans began spreading across Asia more than 50,000 years ago and could have ended up in Siberia around 35,000 years ago. In fact, actual sightings of the animal could be the reason behind the myth of the unicorn.
"Most likely, the south of Western Siberia was a refugium, where this rhino persevered the longest in comparison with the rest of its range," Andrey Shpanski, one of the researchers that discovered the skull, told Phys.org. "There is another possibility that it could migrate and dwell for a while in the more southern areas."
First published restoration (1878) of E. sibiricum, by Rashevsky, under supervision of A.F. Brant More
Although the Siberian unicorn was discovered decades ago, early description of the creature describe the animal as more closely related to the rhinoceros than what we typically imagine unicorns to look like. According to Science Alert, the Siberian unicorn was about 6 feet 6 inches tall and weighed somewhere around 8,000 pounds.
"Our research makes adjustments in the understanding of the environmental conditions in the geologic time in general," Shpanski told Phys.org. "Understanding of the past allows us to make more accurate predictions about natural processes in the near future — it also concerns climate change."
Jared Kushner Jared Corey KushnerThe Hill's Morning Report - A pivotal week for Trump Mississippi GOP governor says 'a lot of us' would've 'screamed' if Obama pushed criminal justice reform bill Omarosa: There's a ‘big red line' for Trump in Cohen's testimony MORE has told friends he and Ivanka Trump do not have permanent plans to remain in Washington, saying they would review whether they want to stay in D.C. every six months, according to The New York Times on Saturday.
However, sources close to the president's son-in-law tell the Times that Kushner has no plans to step down from his role as a senior White House adviser.
Kushner and Ivanka Trump returned to Washington from President Trump's first foreign trip Saturday amid a series of bombshell reports on the ongoing federal investigation into alleged ties between the Trump campaign and Russian election meddling.
ADVERTISEMENT
Trump's son-in-law is currently under scrutiny by the ongoing federal investigation, however this does not mean he is necessarily suspected of a crime.
The Washington Post reported Friday that Kushner expressed a desire to set up a line of private communication between the Trump transition team and the Kremlin when he spoke to Russia ambassador to the U.S. Sergei Kislyak in December.
White House officials are not commenting on the record on the Post's reporting on Kushner.
CNN indicated Kushner “was not going anywhere." He would continue to “focus on his work” and is “eager to cooperate with inquiries," according to reporter Jim Acosta.
In a leafy enclave in Japan's remote Iya valley, it's easy to mistake the dolls for humans.
This is the village of Nagoru, found on Shikoku Island, the smallest of the country's four main islands. Over the years, its inhabitants have left for jobs in Osaka and Tokyo, or died. Now there are only a few dozen people left, like Ayano Tsukimi. The 64-year-old returned to her hometown 11 years ago. In the decade since, she has populated Nagoru with an army of handmade dolls based on those who have left, including enough children, teachers and staff to fill the abandoned local school.
In a new documentary, "The Valley Of Dolls," Tsukimi shares her world with Berlin-based filmmaker Fritz Schumann. She explains that she started by planting seeds in the emptying village. When the plants didn't take, she thought she needed a scarecrow. She fashioned one to look like her father, and from there came the idea to recreate all of the people who once lived in the village.
Partly, this was to draw in outsiders. "I thought people will get interested and take photos if I put dolls at the entrance of the valley. I put them on the field doing work, or waiting for the bus," Tsukimi says.
The documentary is beautifully filmed, with long shots of the dolls looking perfectly natural in their surroundings. Tsukimi is the only voice heard, and her thoughtful musings tackle questions of mortality, urbanization, and the loneliness of human existence.
Previous coverage of her work reduced it with words like "creepy," so the complexity is refreshing. Tsukimi explains that she isn't interested in "weird" dolls. Hers are meant to blend into the scenery as their real life versions would have. She makes them from straw, rags and old clothes, and has turned over some 350 dolls by her count. While the faces are the hardest to get right, she says she's got a gift for grandmothers.
She's clearly succeeded in attracting attention. Last year, an Australian newspaper interviewed Ken Osetroff, the director of a travel company that includes Nagoru in a tour package of autumnal Japan, because of the dolls. Osetroff says the village can't be found on a map: "It's one of those places that's very difficult to get to, and we're predicting in the next four years it will be abandoned, as everyone's moving away or dying."
Even the dolls don't last longer than three years, according to Tsukimi. She keeps a large number in play by creating new ones constantly. Surrounded as she is by frozen faces, she doesn't think of herself aging or ever stopping. At one point in the documentary, considering her own mortality, she chuckles. "I'll probably live on forever," she says.
Kadri Gursel
Since the morning of Dec. 17, the Turkish public has been experiencing shock waves as a result of massive anti-corruption operations, which directly concern Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan and his Justice and Development Party (AKP).
There are phenomenal accusations of bribery against four major government ministers who are known to be close to the prime minister: Erdoğan Bayraktar, minister of environment and urbanization; Muammer Guler, minister of interior; Zafer Caglayan, minister of economy; and Egemen Bagis, minister of EU affairs.
Sons of the first three ministers were detained by police on the morning of Dec. 17 on charges of bribery and influence peddling. On Dec. 19, the sons were being questioned by police.
On the same day, the Istanbul police launched three separate anti-corruption operations and detained 52 people. At the center of the first operation was an Iranian of Azeri origin named Reza Zarrab. According to information made available to the public, Zarrab was active in smuggling cash to Iran via Russia and China. It is claimed that Zarrab had established bribery and graft links with Interior Minister Guler, Economy Minister Caglayan and EU Affairs Minister Bagis either directly or through their sons. Zarrab is accused of distributing $63 million in bribes to the ministers. According to news reports, Caglayan is accused of taking $51.5 million in bribes; Guler, $10 million; and Bagis, $1.5 million. On Dec. 19, the daily Taraf published police recordings of telephone conversations and visual monitoring of bribery connections of Guler and Bagis.
At the center of the second operation is Minister of Environment and Urbanization Bayraktar, who is responsible for the prime ministry's Social Housing Administration (TOKI). Before becoming a minister, Bayraktar was the chairman of the powerful TOKI, which coordinates the state's mass housing investments. Among the 22 people detained in connection with this case are owners of three major construction firms: Ali Agaoglu, Emrullah Turanli and Osman Agca. They are known to be close to the government and have received big shares of TOKI contracts. Abdullah Oguz
Bayraktar, son of Minister Bayraktar, is also among the detainees. They are accused of illegal and irregular construction activities, and taking and giving bribes.
The third operation was against the AKP-controlled Fatih Municipality of Istanbul. Thirty-two people, led by Mayor Mustafa Demir, were detained. Among the charges under investigation are bribes worth millions of dollars that aimed to obtain construction permits for a project that could endanger the Marmaray undersea rail transport system, which links Istanbul's Asian and European coasts.
Prosecutor Zekeriya Oz — who is well known among those who followed the elimination of the military tutelage regime of Turkey — coordinated these three investigations. Formerly, Oz was the prosecutor in the Ergenekon mass trial of former soldiers and civilians who were accused of devising a coup, as well as the Odatv case, which was against journalists who targeted the Gulen Movement.
There are two dimensions to the Dec. 17 operations that were successfully kept secret from the government: first, the colossal corruption that seriously challenges the government and, therefore, Erdoğan; second, the exposure of the corrupt practices, which have occurred not as a result of independent and professional prosecutors, but as a manifestation of the dramatic struggle between Erdoğan's AKP and the Gulen Movement.
One of these dimensions does change the other; corruption is corruption, and the legitimacy of those not going after it will be open to debate. The AKP-Gulen strife is a power struggle between former partners of political power. Any informed media follower will easily reach the same conclusion.
Since the Dec. 17 operation became public, the media — especially outlets close to Gulen Movement — are lavishly reporting information on the investigations that should be kept confidential. In contrast, the pro-government media are not reporting on corruption accusations, the evidence uncovered and visual material made available to the media. These outlets are instead spreading the claim that the operation is a sinister conspiracy to topple the government carried out by a foreign-linked gang.
This asymmetric struggle between Erdoğan's AKP and the Gulen Movement is increasingly reminiscent of a civil war within the state. It appears that there will no winners of this fight, which is why it is important who loses. At the moment, the most serious damage has been inflicted upon Erdoğan and his government.
One question can be asked: Why were three divergent operations — with different suspects yet all with the common denominator of AKP rule and ministerial corruption — carried out on the same day?
The response, given the realities of Turkey, is: If any operation had been first conducted separately, then the two others could not have been carried out — the government would have blocked them.
The government was not late in interfering with the investigation. Although the two prosecutors tasked with the investigation did not request as much, on Dec. 18, two more prosecutors were assigned to the cases by Istanbul's chief prosecutor.
Another interesting development occurred within the police force. A total of 29 police chiefs were reassigned from their positions in Ankara and Istanbul. Although most agreed that these reassignments were to punish police chiefs who kept the operations secret from their superiors, or to eliminate policemen thought to be close to the Gulen Movement, there are those who believe the move was intended to prevent further investigations.
All these are indications of the AKP's damage-control efforts.
In the meantime, we can make a balance sheet of the damages inflicted on the government by the Dec. 17 operations:
First: As a consequence of these investigations, Erdoğan and his party sustained very serious damage and a loss of credibility on the eve of critical political events, including the March 2014 local elections and the mid-2015 presidential and general elections. This could cause disappointment among voters and might negatively affect the ballot box results.
Second: The government cast a shadow on its legitimacy by intervening in a corruption investigation of its own members, despite what appears to be undeniable evidence. If this interference continues as the local elections approach, a loss of votes will parallel a loss of credibility.
Third: The government could not energetically defend the ministers' innocence, thus creating the impression that the allegations were accurate.
Fourth: The "corruption taboo," which is the top taboo of AKP Turkey, is done. Since 2008, the media have not published a single corruption report that might harm government interests due to self-censorship as a result of government pressure. Someone not aware of the realities might have thought that corruption in Turkey was something of the past. The Dec. 17 operation, however, proved that corruption is widespread and has reached very dangerous levels.
Fifth: Related to the "corruption taboo," another taboo had taken root through the mainstream media's self-censorship. This taboo, related to the business affairs, investments and spending habits of the ruling party families — the "taboo of ruling party families" — is also done with.
Sixth: AKP rule created a partisan media order by providing for newspapers and TV stations which had experienced financial troubles to be taken over by the state to crony capital owners. This has not collapsed, but it has certainly lost its power because of the investigations. The censorship pressure of the government could not stop the news flow. As I finish this article, Huseyin Capkin, top police chief of Istanbul, was added to the list of policemen removed from their posts. Source: http://www.al-monitor.com/pulse/originals/2013/12/corruption-crackdown-damages-akp.html
Last year, the Jesus and Mary Chain released a new live album, Live at Barrowlands. The band's Jim Reid also said they were working on a new album. Now, Alan McGee (the co-founder of band's former label, Creation Records) has said that the Jesus and Mary Chain will release a new record next March via Warner Bros. (in an interview with CBC Music). “It's kinda enormous,” he exclaimed. The LP will mark the band's first new album in over 18 years, following 1998's Munki. Pitchfork has reached out to the Jesus and Mary Chain's representatives for more information.
In 2014 and 2015, the Jesus and Mary Chain performed a number of shows to mark the 30th anniversary of their iconic debut, Psychocandy. See where TJAMC rank on “The 200 Best Songs of the 1980s.”
Revisit the Jesus and Mary Chain's “Just Like Honey” video:
CORRECTION: An earlier version of this story credited the news of Jesus and Mary Chain's album to an unofficial Creation Records fan account. The account was reporting the news from McGee's official interview.
Andy Wong / AP Chinese families bring their babies to the Ritan Park in Beijing Wednesday, Oct. 31, 2012. A government think tank says China should start phasing out its one-child policy immediately and allow two children for every family by 2015. It remains unclear whether Chinese leaders are ready to take that step.
BEIJING -- A Chinese government think tank is urging the country's leaders to start phasing out its unpopular one-child policy immediately and allow two children for every family in the country by 2015.
Some demographers saw the timeline put forward by the China Development Research Foundation, which is close to the central leadership, as a bold move. Others warned that the gradual approach, if implemented, would be insufficient to help correct the problems that China's strict birth limits have created.
Xie Meng, a press officer with the foundation, said the final version of its report would be released "in a week or two," but Chinese state media were given advance copies.
The official Xinhua News Agency said the foundation was recommending a two-child policy in some provinces from this year and a nationwide two-child policy by 2015. It also proposed all birth limits be dropped by 2020.
"China has paid a huge political and social cost for the policy, as it has resulted in social conflict, high administrative costs and led indirectly to a long-term gender imbalance at birth," Xinhua said, citing the report.
The foundation's press officer told NBC News that the report was "the result of two years of effort."
"China's demographic changes were analyzed in connection with seven areas," she said, citing the challenges of aging, unemployment, child and women's welfare, urbanization, education, health and family planning.
But it remains unclear whether Chinese leaders are ready to take up the recommendations. China's National Population and Family Planning Commission had no immediate comment on the report Wednesday.
'Change is inevitable'
While they are known to many as the one-child policy, the actual rules are more complicated. The government limits most urban couples to one child, and allows two children for rural families if their first-born is a girl. There are numerous other exceptions as well, including looser rules for minority families and a two-child limit for parents who are themselves both singletons.
Cai Yong, an assistant professor of sociology at the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, said the report carries extra weight because the think tank is under the State Council, China's Cabinet. He said he found it remarkable that state-backed demographers were willing to publicly propose such a detailed schedule and plan on how to get rid of China's birth limits.
Gruesome photos put spotlight on China's one-child policy
"That tells us at least that policy change is inevitable, it's coming," said Cai, who was not involved in the drafting of the report, but knows many of the experts who were. Cai is currently a visiting scholar at Fudan University in Shanghai. "It's coming, but we cannot predict when exactly it will come."
Adding to the uncertainty is a once-in-a-decade leadership transition that kicks off Nov. 8 that will see a new slate of top leaders installed by next spring.
Cai said the transition could keep population reform on the back burner or changes might be rushed through to help burnish the reputations of President Hu Jintao and Premier Wen Jiabao on their way out.
There has been growing speculation among Chinese media, experts and ordinary people about whether the government will relax the one-child policy — introduced in 1980 as a temporary measure to curb surging population growth — and allow more people to have two children.
Though the government credits the policy with preventing hundreds of millions of births and helping lift countless families out of poverty, it is reviled by many ordinary people. The strict limits have led to forced abortions and sterilizations, even though such measures are illegal. Couples who flout the rules face hefty fines, seizure of their property and loss of their jobs.
Read more international stories on NBCNews.com
Many demographers argue that the policy has worsened the country's aging crisis by limiting the size of the young labor pool that must support the large baby boom generation as it retires. They also say it has contributed to the imbalanced sex ratio as some families abort baby girls, preferring to try for a male heir.
The government has recognized those problems and has tried to address them by boosting social services for the elderly. It has also banned sex-selective abortion and rewarded rural families whose only child is a girl.
Outdated or engine of growth?
Many today also see the birth limits as outdated, a relic of the era when housing, jobs and food were provided by the state.
"It has been 30 years since our planned economy was liberalized," commented Wang Yi, the owner of a shop that sells textiles online, under a news report about the foundation's proposal. "So why do we still have to plan our population?"
Ren Hao, a Chinese journalist who recently married, told NBC that he welcomed the proposed policy change but suggested that it be accompanied by new measures in education, health care and economy in order to succeed.
Read more China coverage on NBC's Behind The Wall
"Raising a child is quite a burden nowadays so, in the end, it's up to the couples to decide whether they want to have one child or more based on their conditions," he said.
Ji Jianming, a Beijing construction project manager, argued in favor of the policy. "The one-child policy was good," he said. "It allowed China to develop rapidly and improve people's lives faster."
Though open debate about the policy has flourished in state media and on the Internet, leaders have so far expressed a desire to maintain the status quo.
President Hu said last year that China would keep its strict family planning policy to keep the birth rate low and other officials have said that no changes are expected until at least 2015.
Wang Feng, director of the Brookings-Tsinghua Center for Public Policy and an expert on China's demographics, contributed research material to the foundation's report, but has yet to see the full text. He said he welcomed the gist of the document that he's seen in state media.
It says the government "should return the rights of reproduction to the people," he said. "That's very bold."
But Gu Baochang, a professor of demography at Beijing's Renmin University and a vocal advocate of reform, said the proposed timeline wasn't aggressive enough.
"They should have reformed this policy ages ago," he said. "It just keeps getting held up, delayed."
NBC News' Eric Baculinao and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
More world stories from NBC News:
Follow World News from NBCNews.com on Twitter and Facebook
The HSE has issued a warning about “party pills” after six young people were hospitalised on Tuesday after apparently consuming a substance called 2C-P at a house party.
An 18-year-old man was in a critical but stable condition in the intensive care unit at Cork University Hospital (CUH) tonight and the party in cork.
He was found naked and covered in blood early in the morning after collapsing on a roadway on the southside of the city.
After discovering the man gardaí and paramedics entered a house where a party had taken place. They found a young man and a woman unconscious on the floor when they entered the property.
They were hospitalised along with another three others who complained of feeling unwell.
Two of those hospitalised were later discharged and the three others were said to be in a stable condition last night.
A Garda technical team has examined the house where the party took place and an investigation is under way.
Liver failure
Gardaí believe that those taken ill took the drug 2C-P which was reportedly purchased in the city centre on Monday night. The substance is a psychoactive drug which can cause kidney and liver failure
The HSE said the matter was under investigation and, given the serious side effects experienced by the young people in Cork, the HSE's addiction services issued a warning about possible contaminated “party pills”.
It said this was because 2C-P is a research chemical with very little history of human usage.
“A number of young people were admitted to CUH following the ingestion of a psychoactive substance. If it is thought to have been one of the new psychoactive substances,” said the HSE.
It added that the drugs can be sold in tablet powder or liquid form and are consumed for their stimulant, mood altering and in some cases, aphrodisiac effect. The HSE said they can have serious psychological and physical side effects.
“There are problems with purity and contaminants, and there is no way of checking that what is purchased or consumed is the intended substance,” it added.
Dr Greg Murphy, of the Rochestown Clinic in Cork, said people who took the drug could “get in to big trouble”.
“There is not a lot known about it in this country but it has arrived. It is a street drug which has potent effect,” he said.
Totally blind mice have had their sight restored by injections of light-sensing cells into the eye, UK researchers report.
The team in Oxford said their studies closely resemble the treatments that would be needed in people with degenerative eye disease.
Similar results have already been achieved with night-blind mice.
Experts said the field was advancing rapidly, but there were still questions about the quality of vision restored.
Patients with retinitis pigmentosa gradually lose light-sensing cells from the retina and can become blind.
It's the first proof that you can take a completely blind mouse, put the cells in and reconstruct the entire light-sensitive layer Prof Robert MacLaren, University of Oxford
The research team, at the University of Oxford, used mice with a complete lack of light-sensing photoreceptor cells in their retinas. The mice were unable to tell the difference between light and dark.
Reconstruction
They injected "precursor" cells which will develop into the building blocks of a retina once inside the eye. Two weeks after the injections a retina had formed, according to the findings presented in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences journal.
Prof Robert MacLaren said: "We have recreated the whole structure, basically it's the first proof that you can take a completely blind mouse, put the cells in and reconstruct the entire light-sensitive layer."
Previous studies have achieved similar results with mice that had a partially degenerated retina. Prof MacLaren said this was like "restoring a whole computer screen rather than repairing individual pixels".
The mice were tested to see if they fled being in a bright area, if their pupils constricted in response to light and had their brain scanned to see if visual information was being processed by the mind.
Vision
Prof Pete Coffee, from the Institute of Ophthalmology at University College London, said the findings were important as they looked at the "most clinically relevant and severe case" of blindness.
This is probably what you would need to do to restore sight in a patient that has lost their vision Prof Pete Coffee, University College London
"This is probably what you would need to do to restore sight in a patient that has lost their vision," he said.
However, he said this and similar studies needed to show how good the recovered vision was as brain scans and tests of light sensitivity were not enough.
He said: "Can they tell the difference between a nasty animal and something to eat?"
Prof Robin Ali published research in the journal Nature showing that transplanting cells could restore vision in night-blind mice and then showed the same technique worked in a range of mice with degenerated retinas.
He said: "These papers demonstrate that it is possible to transplant photoreceptor cells into a range of mice even with a severe level of degeneration.
"I think it's great that another group is showing the utility of photoreceptor transplantation."
Researchers are already trialling human embryonic stem cells, at Moorfields Eye Hospital, in patients with Stargardt's disease. Early results suggest the technique is safe but reliable results will take several years.
Retinal chips or bionic eyes are also being trialled in patients with retinitis pigmentosa.
DAVIE, Fla. -- The Miami Dolphins will take the field in less than three weeks for their regular-season opener. But coaches, players and fantasy owners still don't know who will be their starting running back.
Miami's closest position battle this summer involves second-year tailback Jay Ajayi and former Pro Bowler Arian Foster. It's been back and forth throughout training camp, with each player having their good and bad moments in practices and preseason games.
Foster, who is returning from an Achilles injury, mostly looked good in practices but rushed for minus-5 yards on two carries in his preseason debut against the Dallas Cowboys. Ajayi hasn't flashed as much in practice, but has 25 rushing yards in two preseason games.
Both running backs will play during the regular season, but only one can start. Right now it is anyone's guess who that will be.
"In my mind right now I look at myself as the starter," Ajayi said Monday. "I'm not worried about what anything else is. That's just my mentality to go out there as the No. 1 guy with that mindset, and when I step on the field, make plays."
Dolphins head coach Adam Gase is taking a patient approach with his running backs. He hasn't given an indication either way, and the team has been diligent to give both players split reps with the first team throughout training camp.
Gase made a decision to sit Foster in the preseason opener and only gave him a pair of carries this past Friday against Dallas.
"We didn't have much to evaluate," Gase said. "The couple of carries that he had, there wasn't much there. He tried to create a couple things on his own. Hopefully we can get him going a little bit this week. Obviously I don't want to overdo it with him but I'm pretty sure his résumé speaks for itself."
Look for both running backs to get more carries Thursday against the Atlanta Falcons. The third preseason game could decide this close race between Foster and Ajayi, because many starters won't play in the fourth preseason game.
This week could be the final time Miami plays its offense at full strength before traveling to play the Seattle Seahawks on Sept. 11.
"That's what preseason is for," Foster said. "The preseason is for knocking the cobwebs off, getting back in your grove, seeing things that you haven't seen in a while and getting a feel for the game again."
One of the harder things for people to understand is why top actors and musicians get paid so much more money than top teachers and nurses. It isn't because we don't value these professions. It's because they don't have scalable distribution, or the ability to reach many more potential users in a short period of time.
>The probability of Pixar having 14 out of 14 hits is actually 1 in 100 trillion, given the historic 1-in-10 odds of studios producing a blockbuster success.
This same factor is at play in “hits-driven” industries ranging from movies, music, and book publishing to venture capital and mobile apps. Our analysis of a top-tier VC fund – one of the top performers of its vintage year – showed that over three-fourths of its tech startup investments did not break even, while the top investments generated outsized returns. Looking at over 3,300 Facebook games, we found that the top 20 percent of games accounted for roughly 95 percent of the monthly active users (MAUs) in our dataset. And we already know that most movies made by studios and indie producers lose money or barely break even; the industry follows the 80-20 rule, where the top 20 percent of movies generate about 80 percent of box-office revenues.
So we know that scalable distribution results in a winner-takes-all phenomenon where a few players take an overwhelming share of the rewards in their market, leaving very little for the median players. The question is, can we predict or create these hits with any consistency?
No One Can Really Predict a Hit… ——————————–
Given the economic value of spotting would-be hits, you'd think that hit prediction would be a science by now. It isn't. There are countless stories of experienced movie studios missing big hits, established publishing houses missing bestsellers, leading VCs missing the next big thing.
Why? Because, scalability. It not only contributes to the winner-takes-all dynamic, but also increases unpredictability in markets in two ways: (1) small differences in quality translate into big differences in market share; (2) social media and other powerful forms of word of mouth create social influence. The former is hard to spot, the latter is hard to predict.
#### Kartik Hosanagar ##### About Recognized as one of "the best 40 b-school profs under 40", [Kartik Hosanagar](http://opim.wharton.upenn.edu/~kartikh/) is an Associate Professor at The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania as well as a cofounder of education startup SmartyPAL. Previously, he was a cofounder of Yodle Inc. Hosanagar has served on the advisory boards of startups Milo (now part of eBay), Monetate, and Stylitics. Follow him on Twitter @enabletech.
Quality has always mattered. But it matters differently in scalable markets.
In the past, being better than everyone else created a local bestseller like “the best restaurant on Main Street.” It was hard to expand to new markets without incurring significant costs until mass production, cheaper transportation, and more recently the internet made distribution more scalable. But this scalability amplifies small differences in quality (or rather, the impact of them), because being slightly better than others is enough to access larger markets.
The problem when it comes to predicting hits is that while big differences in success are easy to observe, small differences in quality are harder to spot. Even for experts who have accumulated a ton of market information.
Yet quality alone doesn't explain why movies like *Grown Ups 2 *or bands like One Direction do really well. This brings us to the second reason experts are unable to predict which products will be hits: social influence. The role of social influence is perhaps best illustrated through an experiment run by Princeton University professor Matt Salganik and his coauthors.
Intrigued by the tremendous success of the first Harry Potter book – which was rejected by eight publishers before finally being picked up – Salganik set out to design an experiment that separates out the role of luck from quality. “[Imagine] if you could rewind to the day that Harry Potter was released and make eight copies of the world, and have them all evolve independently,” he described his experimental design to me. “Then you could tell more about the role of luck by observing whether success in one world replicates in another.”
To test this idea, Salganik and his team created an artificial music market with over 14,000 participants listening to 48 previously unknown songs from 18 unknown bands. Participants could listen to the randomly ordered songs, rate, and download them – the number of downloads served as a measure for quality. The difference between the social (vs. independent) condition of the experiment was that participants could also see how many times each song had been downloaded by previous participants. Then Salganik and colleagues added another brilliant twist to this social condition: The participants were randomly assigned to one of eight parallel universes, and could only observe the download counts within their own “universe”.
The impact of social cues was immediate. The top downloaded songs in the social condition had a greater share of the market than those in the independent condition. Not only did later participants increasingly gravitate towards the songs chosen by prior participants, but the team found that even small variations in the choices of the initial few participants could introduce large variations in the final outcomes.
Early momentum created by seemingly random factors can have dramatic impact on final outcomes. One song, Lock-Down by 52 Metro [song ranked #27 in the independent condition with x, y coordinates at (1, 40)], came in 1st in one universe and 40th out of 48 songs in another universe. Graph based on data shared by Matt Salganik.
It is striking to see the variation in a song's rank across the different social universes: A song in the top quartile in the independent condition can end up in the bottom quartile in the social condition simply because of how the social cues played out. Our research confirms that social cues in product reviews and automated recommendations play out in a similar fashion.
In short, the random choices of early users combined with social cues makes the market highly unpredictable.
...But You Can Help Make Hits Happen ————————————
Despite the above uncertainties, some companies have been surprisingly consistent in producing hits. Pixar, for example, has made 14 major films to date and all 14 have been blockbusters, each generating well over $100 million in box office returns.
The probability of Pixar having 14 out of 14 hits is actually 1 in 100 trillion, given the historic 1-in-10 odds of studios producing a blockbuster success. Clearly, this kind of success is not due to pure chance. It has to do with how Pixar – and other successful organizations – manage uncertainty, particularly around the factors of quality and social influence.
Addressing Quality: You Can't Predict Hits, But You Can Fail Better
While many organizations embark on high-risk, high-return projects by relying on a small group to generate and select ideas and then fully commit to them, Pixar brings in enough stakeholders into the idea-generation process to maximize the number of ideas.
Pixar starts with close to 500 one-line movie pitches, such as “A hot-shot race car named Lighting McQueen gets waylaid in Radiator Springs, where he finds the meaning of friendship and family” (Cars). These are then shortlisted, further developed, and iteratively narrowed down until they end up with one movie worth pursuing. As Toy Story 3 director Lee Unkrich shares, “We fail a lot. We just don't fail by the time the movie comes out.”
It's not enough for an iterative design process to go through several rounds of testing. The way the best idea or design is ultimately selected is equally important.Firms such as Pixar produce one blockbuster after another not because they consistently come up with the best ideas – but because they consistently weed out the poor ones by failing often and early. But it's not enough for an iterative design process to go through several rounds of testing. The way the best idea or design is ultimately selected is equally important.
Hybrid group structures – where individuals independently come up with ideas and then come together as a team to evaluate them – result in better ideas and a higher ability to discern the best idea, according to recent findings by my Wharton colleagues. Unlike in traditional brainstorming processes, where people are likely to respond based on the trajectory and history of discussion rather than the ideas themselves, hybrid structures ensure more independent evaluation … and therefore higher quality ideas.
Addressing Social Influence: You Can't Make Something Go Viral But You Can Help Move It Along
Perplexed by how eyeglasses cost more than iPhones, a couple of my MBA students a few years ago, Neil Blumenthal and Jeffrey Raider, started working on a business plan for an online eyewear retail business. It was Warby Parker. When they first shared the idea with me, I remember thinking it would be hard to convince people to buy eyeglasses online without first trying them and getting feedback on fit from the optician or friends.
Several months went by before I heard about them again. Suddenly, a lot of people in my Facebook feed started uploading photos of themselves seeking input on different Warby Parker frames. Sales had taken off, so I visited their office to better understand what had transpired in the year since they had graduated.
>You'd think that hit prediction would be a science by now.
Warby Parker had not only launched a try-on-at-home program, but they actively encouraged users to upload photos on Facebook and get feedback from their friends – sometimes even posting those photos on behalf of consumers. This approach helped generate social cues from users; the key, as per the findings of the Salganik Musiclab experiment, was that these cues were early.
Now, social media strategy is nothing new; how many firms spend millions on social media campaigns and agencies? But unlike the contrived “share on Facebook and get $20 off” approach, Warby Parker took people's natural social need – to get second opinions on “how does this look on me”? – and converted that into a marketing tool for the company. It worked: the company is estimated to be worth over $300 million today.
We can't contrive virality, but we can organically encourage early social cues – and it's especially effective when it's part of the actual product experience.
***
More and more industries are becoming hit-driven, especially as technology brings scalability to traditional markets (the popular example du jour is MOOCs and education). This means predicting and making hits will require us to rethink how we judge quality and harness social influence.
But just as scale giveth, it also takes away: The median player will no longer survive in such a hit-driven market. Still, at least scalability means the best teachers will finally be accessible to millions of students. It won't just be actors and musicians who have scalable distribution anymore.
Wired Opinion Editor: Sonal Chokshi @smc90
But with U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry due to travel to the Middle East soon to try to calm the violence, Israeli officials said Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu swiftly ordered cabinet ministers to say no more publicly about the latest acrimony in a long-troubled relationship with the Obama administration.
Seven Israelis and 32 Palestinians have been killed in the past two weeks of bloodshed, including 10 assailants, as well as children and protesters shot in violent anti-Israeli demonstrations.
The violence has been partly triggered by Palestinians' anger over what they see as increased Jewish encroachment on Jerusalem's al-Aqsa mosque compound, which is also revered by Jews as the site of two destroyed biblical Jewish temples.
At a daily press briefing on Wednesday, State Department spokesman John Kirby said Israel, which has set up roadblocks in Palestinian neighborhoods of Israeli-occupied East Jerusalem to try to stem attacks, has a right and responsibility to protect its citizens. Palestinian officials describe the roadblocks as collective punishment.
But he added: ‘Now, we have seen some — I wouldn't call the checkpoints this — but we've certainly seen some reports of what many would consider excessive use of force.”
“Obviously, we don't like to see that, and we want to see restrictions that are elevated in this time of violence to be as temporary as possible if they have to be enacted,” Kirby said, without citing specific incidents.
The comments touched a nerve in Israel, which has angrily denied Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas' allegations that it was “executing our sons in cold blood.”
Asked on Army Radio about the U.S. remarks, Yaalon said: “Are we exercising excessive force? If someone wields a knife and they kill him, is that excessive force? What are we talking about?”
Israeli Justice Minister Ayelet Shaked said police in the United States would act no differently in drawing their guns and using them if necessary.
“If people with knives were roaming the streets of New York and started stabbing people, they would not be asked to present their ID's, and the NYPD would draw their weapons,” she said on Israel Radio. “The U.S. administration can say whatever it wants — and we will do what is needed.”
Hours after the Israeli roadblocks went up on Wednesday, a Palestinian stabbed and wounded a 70-year-old woman outside Jerusalem's central bus station before a police officer shot him dead.
Prior to that incident, another Palestinian was also shot dead after he had attempted to stab paramilitary police at an entrance to Jerusalem's walled Old City, police said.
Israel has deployed 300 soldiers in Jerusalem and throughout the country to try to stop the most serious eruption of Palestinian street attacks since an uprising a decade ago.
Other measures approved at an Israeli security cabinet meeting that finished in the early hours of Wednesday included the revocation of residency rights of Palestinians deemed to have committed attacks and an increase in demolition of their homes. The cabinet agreed that it would forbid new construction at those sites. Such tactics have often been threatened, but court challenges frequently hold up the process.
In addition, the cabinet approved an expansion of the national police, extra guards on public transport and the deployment of army units in sensitive areas along Israel's steel and concrete separation barrier in the West Bank.
Human Rights Watch said the threatened lockdown of occupied East Jerusalem was “a recipe for harassment and abuse.”
“Locking down East Jerusalem neighborhoods will infringe upon the freedom of movement of all Palestinian residents rather than being a narrowly tailored response to a specific concern,” it said in a statement Wednesday.
Many Palestinians are frustrated with the failure of years of peace efforts to bring them statehood and end Israeli settlement-building in the West Bank and occupied East Jerusalem.
The Palestinian group Hamas has been vocal in supporting the current attacks, and it called for “rallies of anger and confrontations” to be held in West Bank cities after Friday Muslim prayers.
Addressing Palestinians for the first time since the violence began, Abbas said in a recorded televised speech he supported a “peaceful and popular” struggle against Israel.
Al Jazeera and wire services
Hundreds of students came out on Tuesday to protest after the Colgate campus was placed on lockdown because of an alleged armed student.
A false alarm triggered protests at Colgate University on Tuesday.
The college is now calling for a deeper review after reports of an armed student on campus Monday night turned out to be false.
The university said it was a misunderstanding and the student was actually using a glue gun for an art project.
SEE ALSO I 'Misunderstanding' over student using glue gun led to lockdown at Colgate
Now one day later, Colgate students describe the atmosphere on campus being tense.
Hundreds of students gathered on Tuesday to protest after a series of events that prompted a lockdown, leaving students and their families rattled.
Mylah Chandler, a Colgate student, was one of many voicing their concerns at the quad on campus.
"These small things are what leads to these big problems like a student putting a school on lock down because he's trying to do his homework," Chandler explained.
The protest was sparked because students said they're still reeling from the events that took place on Monday. They were alerted through texts and emails from the school that they were in a lockdown because of reports of an active shooter.
Many students said these alerts made them panic.
"My heart was pounding. I called my dad, I called my mom immediately and said 'Hey just letting you know I'm safe but this is happening.' I mean it was scary. It was really, really scary," student Tyler Sherper said.
While others couldn't believe the racial profiling.
"I think a lot of people were shocked that this is what it boiled down to a black student with a hot glue gun and racial profiling," Cameron Pauly said.
The college's president said he is calling for an in-depth investigation into Monday night's events and will release a public report within the next ten days. In the meantime, President Brian Casey asked the head of the college's Campus Safety to take an administrative leave.
A new Gecko SMS version, 1.3.0, is available now from Android Market and other sources.
The most visible (or audible, actually) new feature is Say sender's name: Gecko SMS can now use the built-in Android text-to-speech engine to tell you who has sent the message, so that you can know the sender without looking at the phone, or taking it out of your pocket.
But there are lot's of other changes as well: Landmark view got a new button for "Own Location", that takes you back after panning to faraway locations. This functionality used to be available through a double tap. Now double tap works as zoom in, like in other mapping applications.
Much development time was also spent on speed: optimizing the way we handle landmarks and other data in various situations. The tangible improvement is that landmark panning and zooming feel very snappy and changing between screens is fast. Even in lower-end Android devices. Trust me: I am using Gecko SMS on a 79€ Huawei X1. That is 79 euros for an Android phone, without any contracts, not bad! More about that experience in a later blog post.
Other improvements affect forwarding and editing messages, and how subject texts in multimedia messages (MMS) are handled:
When forwarding a message, landmark is now disabled by default to keep the original message intact. When editing a long message, the text field can now be scrolled normally In New message, the To:-field now shows all contacts regardless of phone number type (Home/Mobile/etc.) When forwarding a multimedia message without a subject, Gecko SMS no longer creates an "Fwd: "-subject. MMS is not used like email and most users do not want a subject to come up like this. Viewing an MMS with a subject had the subject surrounded with ugly <Subject: > -tags, now subject is shown in plain bold text.
If you are wondering how the last two problems got there in the first place. This is because Gecko SMS is built on the native Android messaging, which serves as a great starting point for Gecko. Builging on a native platform component is possible due to the Open Source licensing of the Android platform. But one has to wonder a bit: Who has specified the Android user interface for these exact cases?
What do you think of these improvements? If there is some functionality you are missing in Gecko SMS? If you are not using Gecko SMS yet: What would be the feature that would make you want to use it? Let us know in the comments below, through email or through our Facebook group!
You just have to look at our Car of the Year nominations to see that the spice of life is particularly spicy at CT HQ. Being the narcissistic writers that we are we like to tell you what we 'know' the best looking car ever is,Ollie recently made a case for the 288 GTO while Alex tagged the Audi Sport Quattro into the ring with him.Now, anybody who knows me knows I have a penchant for fast saloons. There is something special about an aggressively styled load lugger that can keep pace with Ollie's surrogate crotch. Which is where thecomes in. I mean the name alone is a winner.The 190 Evo II was introduced in 1990 as a direct competitor to the dominant BMW E30 M3. Homologation specials are always cool as a factory 'race car for the road' always will be, but Merc's determination to thrash the Beemer led them to fairly drastic measures. I could sit here and bang on about thein a car that could do the school run, but this is about styling. And that is where this thing comes into its own.The boxy roofline that shoots off at right angles along the bonnet, skipping merely inches from the top of the wheel arches. The front grille and headlights are imposing enough to be a Mafia getaway car,as you cut down dawdling traffic. The straight edged side sills that cut along the doors could seat four small children before curving up to that pinched rear. And that spoiler. It looks like every boy racer's wet dream;it is the perfect symbol for this DTM-esque brute.And this is before we take in that profile. Has a car ever looked so purposeful?head down, arse up, ready to unleash its awesome power. This angle also reveals just how pronounced the front splitter is and perhaps it does look a little silly, but we also see the barely contained rear spoiler leaking over the car's extremities.Cars that are just so shouty that it can't even contain its imposing majesty.These days cars are designed to be aerodynamically slippery,While this is excellent for your wallet (increased efficiency) and high speed shenanigans (less drag), it seems to make less impression on the heart. Even the new McLaren P1's curves just look a little wet by comparison.Finally, here's a little gift from me to you. Hectic DTM action to an electro-German-pop soundtrack.
With congressional leaders accustomed to seeing VIPs including world leaders and Hollywood celebrities at the Capitol, Wednesday's visitors drew a special declaration from House Speaker John Boehner:
"This is pretty cool."
Such was the case when space legends John Glenn, Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldrin and Michael Collins were awarded Congressional Gold Medals, the nation's highest civilian honor.
" 'Hero' is an overused word, but I think that all who are assembled here today would not hesitate to describe our honorees as genuine national heroes," said Rep. Eddie Bernice Johnson of Texas, top Democrat on the House Science, Space and Technology Committee.
She said the astronauts have "continued to inspire young and old, even though their path-breaking missions occurred more than four decades ago."
"Walk up to virtually anyone on the street and they'll be able to tell you the names of our first president, our current president, the first American to orbit the Earth, and the first Americans to land on the Moon," added Rep. Ralph Hall (R-Texas), chairman of the House committee that oversees the space program.
The Capitol Rotunda ceremony was attended by Democratic and Republican congressional leaders, NASA administrator Charles Bolden Jr., retired space shuttle astronaut Mark Kelly, husband of Rep. Gabrielle Giffords, the Arizona Democrat who was shot in the head in an assassination attempt in Tucson in January, and five members of the most recent astronaut candidate class.
It was a bittersweet moment for supporters of the space program, coming as Congress takes up a spending bill that would cut NASA's budget by $648 million.
“America urgently needs to reassert its pre-eminence in manned space flight," Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison of Texas, top Republican on the Senate committee that oversees the space program, said, alluding to the budget challenges.
In accepting the medal, Glenn, 90, reprised a closing line from a speech he delivered to Congress nearly 50 years ago after his flight in Friendship 7: "As our knowledge of the universe in which we live increases, may God grant us the wisdom and guidance to use it wisely."
Armstrong was the first man to walk on the moon. Aldrin, pilot of the lunar module, was the second to step foot on the moon. Collins piloted Apollo 11's command module. Glenn was the first American to orbit the Earth.
Recipients of the Congressional Gold Medal include Wilbur and Orville Wright, Charles A. Lindbergh, Rosa Parks, the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. and Walt Disney.
The presentation ceremony came more than two years after President Obama signed legislation to award the medals to the NASA legends. It was passed by Congress in 2009, the 40th anniversary of the Apollo 11 moon landing.
ALSO:
Another Missouri toddler missing; 2nd mom in jail, body found
U.S. might have to wait for Formula One; Texas project is idled
Sarah Palin: Hang Penn State's 'perverted former assistant coach
-- Richard Simon in Washington
Photo: Buzz Aldrin, right, and John Glenn, center, listen to House Speaker John Boehner, left, speak at a ceremony where the former astronauts would receive the Congressional Gold Medal on Capitol Hill on Wednesday. Credit: Michael Reynolds / EPA
For prospective consumers looking to purchase a car as more than mere transportation, we decided it was time for the Jalopnik commentariat to put the ten most beautiful cars in the world currently for sale on a pedestal. We've done the ugliest cars at home and abroad, now it's time to soothe your eyes with images of cars that'll evoke your inner dragon. To be considered truly beautiful, we decided a vehicle must transcend gimmicks and needless ornamentation to achieve an economy of design, eschewing the aggressiveness of most modern sports cars. Instead, these cars capture the classic feminine qualities that have encouraged owners to refer to their cars as "she." Given this standard, we think the ten below are almost indisputably the most beautiful — thought that certainly won't stop you all from adding your own two cents in the comments below.
10. Audi R8
Years of female empowerment public service announcements and deodorant ads have convinced us it's possible to be both athletic and beautiful. But even in a world without "Girl Power" the Audi R8 is extant proof that strong is sexy. Despite its Lamborghini heritage, there are no scissor doors or fighter jet inspired vents. The R8 is one of the few modern mid-engined cars that's actually subtle and, therefore, the object of burglar's desire.
9. Fiat 500
Advertisement
Like a beautiful handle on the entrance to a towering gothic church, the Fiat 500 is the epitome of a brilliant design sometimes overlooked. Coming from the land and company that produces Lamborghinis and Ferraris it was the 500 that captured the European Car Of The Year trophy in 2007. Though quasi-retro, the inexpensive 500 stands out like a Hungarian wax pepper in a world of milquetoast economy cars. We applaud Layabout for selecting it.
8. Citroen C6
Advertisement
Louis Armstrong famously said that "If you have to ask what Jazz is, you'll never know." We think we can apply this sentiment to the Citroen C6. Clearly the funkiest car on our list, the Citroen nevertheless manages to capture everything wonderful about French car design. The designers effectively grab one line at the nose and effortlessly stretch it back to the uniquely designed taillights. It's as though the car was painted in one stroke. The integration of the Citroen logo into the grille is as attractive as it is clever. No wonder that both Chirac and Muhnkee_2 chose the C6 as their official state cars.
7. Jaguar XK Coupe
Advertisement
Though not always the most reliable cars on the market, Jaguar coupes have traditionally set the standard for elegance and beauty and the latest Jaguar XK coupe is no exception. An evolution of a design that goes back to the original E-type, the Jaguar is a design that gets better each time you look at it.
6. Audi RS6 Avant
Advertisement
Putting our bias towards wagons aside, the Audi RS6 Avant may be the most understated performance car on the planet. Powered by a twin-tubro V10, there are no huge wings, garish ground effects or blinding clusters of lights to hint at the car's awesome ability. As Parkington understands, the satin-finish trim around the Avant's lusty grille and subtle extra lines quietly nod to the car's ability while still maintaining it's obvious class.
5. Cadillac CTS
Advertisement
Few sedans can compete with the supercars and GTs in the aesthetic department, and the few that rise to their level have historically been European. It's therefore a grand occasion that the Cadillac CTS, an American sedan, can compete with this esteemed company. It's as if all of those years of talking about "Cadillac Style" finally erupted forth into reality with the new CTS. It's a car both muscular and delicate, modern and timeless, yet luxurious and distinctly American. The fact that Yoshi can actually afford one has nothing to do with its beauty though clearly something to do with its allure. We can't wait for the Coupe and Sport Wagon versions to go on sale to show the world what the "Art & Science" design is all about.
4. Masererati GranTurismo
Advertisement
The Maserati GranTurismo lives up to its name as one of the grandest of tourers. And even if it had the motor from an old Datsun and a transmission from a new Suzuki it would still be one of the quickest looking cars on the market. Whether in normal or GranTurismo S trim, the Maserati leaves broken hearts in its wake. Drop dead gorgeous from any angle, the integrated exhaust tips and triangular taillights combine for one of the best looking rears in the business. We think Sandwich Pants would take it over Beyonce any day.
3. Alfa Brera
Advertisement
A consensus favorite among anyone with working optic nerves, the Alfa Romeo Brera redefines the term "hot hatch." The low greenhouse and high beltline combine for a stance that's uncharacteristic of a hatchback and the sloping shoulders are surprisingly exotic. But it's the curved hood, which angles towards the nose in a way that's almost F1-esque, that causes our hearts to skip beats like Ferris Bueller skips school.
2. Aston Martin DB9
Advertisement
A list of beautiful cars without an Aston Martin would be as incomplete as a list of beautiful women without Scarlett Johansson. But which Aston? The Vantage? The DBS? Though all Astons are powerful and gorgeous, the Aston Martin DB9 is the most classic example of what makes the classic British brand a flag-bearing standard of luxury and elegance. Stripped of the menacing enhancements of those other Astons, the DB9 is like one smooth and flowing movement. They say Michaelangelo had an eye for stone, It's as if the designers crafted it from one piece of unadulterated marble for Dr. Danger to worship.
1. Alfa Romeo 8C Competizione
Advertisement
There's a reason why we devoted a day to the Alfa Romeo Competizione and it is embodied in the photo above. Not so much the creation of man, we assume, like the psalmists, it was God's will manifest through human hands. It outshines anything from Bugatti, Lamborghini or Ferrari while using a tenth of the lines of their simplest cars. With perfectly round taillights, Alfa's typical crest-shaped grille and ovular headlights it's hard to put into words what makes the car so special. We simply don't have words that are good enough. It's everything that's great about Italian cars and nothing that's bad about them. It's a dream come true and you can actually buy one.
The Apple TV is launching later in October but many of the details about the device remain under wraps. At the announcement, Apple announced that the Apple TV Siri universal search feature will include data from iTunes, Netflix, Hulu, Showtime and HBO. Many had hoped that Apple would be more open with this feature, allowing Siri to incorporate data from third-party services without requiring a special Apple partnership. In a move that will please many, Tim Cook has announced that Apple will offer an API for universal search, after all, via an interview with Buzzfeed.
Try Amazon Prime 30-Day Free Trial
In a recent interview with BuzzFeed News, Apple CEO Tim Cook said universal search in Apple TV is not something that the company plans to reserve for key content partners. “At launch we'll have iTunes, Netflix, Hulu, Showtime, and HBO — so we'll have five major inputs into universal search initially,” Cook said. “But we're also opening an API, so that others can join in.”
Cook says that including more sources is the best experience for customers, suggesting that many services will want to be listed in the search results. The open API will also benefit non-US customers, as Apple is less likely to make partnerships with region-specific content providers.
It is unclear when the search API will be made available for use. From Cook's wording, Apple intends to launch exclusively with iTunes, Netflix, Hulu, Showtime and HBO results.
Cook has also confirmed that the Apple TV will not favor one service in particular, including its own iTunes offering. If a user can get the movie or TV show for free, such as through a Netflix subscription, that option will be prioritized. In cases where different series of shows are spread amongst services, the Apple TV will also handle this situation in the most user-friendly way.
In other words, if I'm a Netflix subscriber and I want to binge-watch a five-season series, will an Apple TV search tell me that the first three seasons are available to me for free on Netflix, the fourth is available for purchase on iTunes, and the fifth is available only on HBO? Or will it leave me to work that out myself? Cook said the former scenario is the one Apple's implemented. “It will be clear which service is free,” he said. In other words, Apple will show each season or episode in all the services in which it's available to you and iTunes if they have it.
The Apple TV is set to launch sometime in October. Apple has been sending out more developer kits over the last few hours due to ‘amazing demand' to make apps for the platform. The new Apple TV will retail at $149 for the 32 GB model and $199 for the 64 GB model. The third-generation Apple TV is still available to buy for $69 but won't get any of the fancy new software features.
9to5Mac's Dom Esposito got his hands on an Apple TV for a full walkthrough, so make sure to check out our hands on with the new device.
Mellow Mushroom and Manju's are leaving Guadalupe Street because of Urban Outfitters' upcoming expansion across five neighboring stores.
Urban Outfitters bought out the leases of five stores on Guadalupe Street, including Manju's and Mellow Mushroom. Austin-based BHF Guadalupe LLC, a business service company, owns all of these stores except for Mellow Mushroom, which the Washoe Company of Luling, Texas, owns.
“Starting in March, we will begin a renovation where we will add two restaurants, a larger selling space and some other great features,” said Andy Schmidt, Urban Outfitters store merchandiser. “We hope to be 100 percent complete with the additions by fall.”
Chase Bank's lease did not expire in January, so Urban Outfitters' expansion will not affect it. Urban Outfitters has bought the lease for its back parking lot, though.
Urban Outfitters is currently applying for a wine and beer retailer's permit with the Texas Alcoholic Beverage Commission, according to a sign posted on the abandoned Texadelphia building. The permit would allow the store to sell alcohol on its premises and require it to provide seating for customers. The company plans to expand its retail space and add areas for food and drink.
There are no definite design plans as of yet for the expansion, Schmidt said.
“I think it's good for the block,” Schmidt said. “It needs a little love.”
Mellow Mushroom manager David Torres said the only thing he is sure of is that the restaurant's lease will expire in June.
Marshall Tidrick | Daily Texan Staff
Urban Outfitters' expansion into alcohol and food parallels an Urban outfitter in Brooklyn, New York, called Space Ninety 8. Described as “a unique retail concept” by its website, Space Nintey 8 offers a bar, restaurant and gallery in the same area as its retail store. Urban Outfitters currently has more than 400 stores worldwide and has a market capitalization of $5.07 billion.
Manju's owner, Kavita Sajnani, said she will not be able to renew her lease because of Urban Outfitters' purchase.
“We didn't know really what was happening until two, three months back,” Sajnani said. “We knew [BHF Guadalupe LLC was] doing something with the property, and they put the sign up next door that Urban Outfitters is applying for permits [for] the six stores down this way. [Texadelphia] has been closed for a while.”
Sajnani opened the clothing store 37 years ago with her husband after moving to Austin from India. BHF Guadalupe LLC originally told Sajnani to close at the end of February, but the company gave her a three-week extension to close out.
Aerospace engineering senior Francisca Jaramillo has been working at Manju's since last May. She applied for a job at Tyler's when she heard Manju's was closing, but said she would miss Sajnani as a boss.
“I just wanted a job for the summer,” Jaramillo said. “It's a good place to work, and [Sajnani is] really nice. She's like a mom. She really cares about us. She treats us like daughters. She keeps snacks for us in the back, stuff like that.”
Mellow Mushroom may relocate to Round Rock, Torres said, but that move is not definite. Manju's will not relocate unless a location near campus opens up, according to Sajnani.
Since we first heard of the resurgence of VR, we envisaged that someone would bring this product to market (and which regular gym attendees hadn't?). It seems that Widerun are very close to market with their version of the gym-expanding virtual bike ride.
On Yer Bike!
Do you get bored on cycles at the gym? Does cycling around the city scare or frustrate you? As a cyclist, if you've ever been cut up by a driver on their mobile, knocked on your arse by someone who thought you were too small to do any real damage or just gotten bored of traffic lights and bad weather, then this might be the product for you. It's aiming to solve problems associated with cycling on the streets with a solution that not only let's you do it from the safety of your own home, but actually puts you anywhere you want. At the time of writing, there are more than a dozen different environments, but Widerun are committed to opening their platform for developers to create experiences of their choosing.
Although prices have not been set, Widerun are aiming to keep them as low as possible, to ensure everyone can benefit from the perks of virtual reality biking. It's clearly going to be a Big Thing, and they know it.
Smart Bike Trainer
Downloads of their software will be available from the Widerun marketplace, for which access is granted with the purchase of their smart bike trainer – the hardware that your bike sits in while you explore virtual realms. The trainer device tracks your position, weight and even height, in order to feed back the slopes and rises of your experience, giving you truly synchronised stimulii and keeping you in the zone. There will be free environments as well as premium offerings, which will presumably drive community efforts. Widerun are working on an SDK with a track generator plugin for various game engines, though Unity is the primary target at present. They're about the launch a Kickstarter campaign and we'll update with a link when that arrives.
If you're wondering about fogging/misting up and all the other problems that come from sweating your way along a grueling version of the Hobbit's Shire, then you're not alone. This is something Widerun are taking very seriously and are weighing up various options before committing. We're interested to see what they come up with, but are guessing that some sort of mask between you and your beloved Rift would be a good place to start…
So what is it?
In order to run your own personal VR bike-treadmill, you'll need a standard bicycle with 26-29″ wheels, which is placed on their ‘trainer', allowing you to pedal without going anywhere. Their software is installed to the platform your HMD is attached to and you select the virtual experience from their marketplace. It's uncertain whether you need to be online while you enjoy the ride, but in some cases it would definitely help as there are multi-player options, such as races and time-trials. It's easy to see this being a massive hit with those trying to keep fit as well as professionals looking to hone their skills on the slopes of Mont Blanc in readiness for the Tour de France.
Diablo 3 Patch 2.0.5 is on the servers and will be active later today when the server downtime ends. There was no hint of it in the realm maintenance post, but an EU CM gave some hints, and the patch is being datamined to give us hints of the contents that have to tide us over until the official patch notes go live.
It's mostly a bug fix and balancing/adjustment patch, so don't expect huge changes or big new features (those will come in 2.1, which will get PTR testing before it goes live). There are a fair number of class skill changes, mostly to the still-under-construction Crusader, but almost all the skill changes for every class are just tweaks to damage or elemental type.
The other patch changes are a mixture of bug-fixes we've already been promised, plus a few minor new features and community buffs. Here's a rundown.
Update: The official 2.0.5 patch notes have now been released by Blizzard.
In June, Lieberman said, "I don't favor a public option because I think there's plenty of competition in the private insurance market." That didn't make sense, and it was quickly dropped from his talking points.
In July, Lieberman said he opposes a public option because "the public is going to end up paying for it." No one could figure out exactly what that meant, and the senator moved onto other arguments.
In August, he said we'd have to wait "until the economy's out of recession," which is incoherent, since a public option, even if passed this year, still wouldn't kick in for quite a while.
In September, Lieberman said he opposes a public option because "the public doesn't support it." A wide variety of credible polling proved otherwise.
In October, Lieberman said the public option would mean "trouble ... for the national debt," by creating "a whole new government entitlement program." Soon after, Jon Chait explained that this "literally makes no sense whatsoever."
A recent study of the University of Princeton came to a stunning result: The US is no longer a democracy, because political decisions don't serve the needs of citizens, but rather the interests of a small economic elite.
© AFP 2018 / Saul LOEB Obama's Successor Unlikely to Soften US Stance on Russia
The findings of the recent Princeton research study showed that economic elites and organized groups have a substantial influence on the policy of the US government while groups representing the interests of the mass of Americans as well as ordinary citizens have little or no influence on politics.
The main conclusion of the study is that the US society is far from being a democratic one as the majority of Americans actually have little opportunity to influence policies pursued by the US government.
“When a majority of citizens disagrees with economic elites and/or with organized interests, they generally lose. Moreover, because of the strong status quo bias built into the US political system, even when fairly large majorities of Americans favor policy change, they generally do not get it,” the study said.
The findings are also important in terms of foreign policy. In case of military conflicts or political confrontation with Russia the US government does not represent the interests of the American people, but those of the business and political elites.
Many Western politicians and experts argue that those who criticize US policy betray one of the oldest and most vibrant democracies in the world, the German magazine “Deutsche Wirtschafts Nachrichten” wrote.
However, when one of the most respected and elite US universities comes to such a stunning conclusion, it is reason to rethink the existing conceptions and don't take “Western democratic values” for granted.
“Americans do enjoy many features central to democratic governance, such as regular elections, freedom of speech and association and a widespread (if still contested) franchise. But we believe that if policymaking is dominated by powerful business organizations and a small number of affluent Americans, then America's claims to being a democratic society are seriously threatened,” the Princeton research concluded.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- The percentage of Americans who owned their homes has seen its biggest decline since the Great Depression, according to the U.S. Census Bureau.
The rate of home ownership fell to 65.1% in April 2010, 1.1 percentage points lower than it was in 2000. The decline was the biggest drop since the 1930s, when home ownership plunged 4.2%.
The most recent decade-over-decade drop, however, only tells half the story.
Home ownership during the 2000s "was really high in the middle of the decade, up to almost 70% at one point around 2004," said Ellen Wilson, a survey statistician with the bureau.
The crash from that peak was more than 4 percentage points in just about five years -- a far more dramatic decline than the 1.1% drop over the 10-year period.
Certain regions have been hit harder than others. The West had the lowest home ownership rate at 60.5%, while the Midwest had the highest rate at 69.2%.The South came in at 66.7% and the Northeast at 62.2%.
Among the states, New York had the lowest home ownership rate of 53.3%, but the District of Columbia's home ownership rate was below that at 42%.
West Virginia (73.4%) led the way with the highest home ownership rate, while Minnesota (73%), Michigan, Delaware and Iowa (all 72.1%) were also well above the norm.
Number of vacant homes grows by 44%
Thanks to the housing bust there has been a substantial increase in empty homes. The number of vacant housing units jumped an astonishing 43.8% to 15 million (or 11.4% of all housing units) in 2010, up from 10.4 million in 2000.
During that 10-year period, the number of homes in the U.S. increased by 16 million to 131.7 million housing units, according to Census.
Many Sun-Belt states suffered large vacancy increases. In Nevada, ground zero for foreclosures over the past few years, vacancies grew nearly 120% to 14.3% of all homes. Georgia vacancies jumped 82.7%, Florida's 62.6% and Arizona's 61%.
Although vacancies in Maine grew by only 23%, the state had the highest percentage of vacant homes overall at 22.8%. Vermont was close behind with 20.5% of its homes empty. Florida was third with 17.5%.
Many of the nation's residents have also become renters, especially in large metropolitan areas.
Of the 10 largest cities, New York had the highest ratio with a whopping 69% of all homes in the five boroughs -- Manhattan, Brooklyn, Queens, the Bronx and Staten Island -- occupied by renters. Los Angeles had a 61.5% rental rate and Dallas was 55.9%.
San Jose had the lowest percentage of renters for any of the 10 largest cities with just 41.5%. San Antonio (43.5.%) and Phoenix (42.4%) had comparatively few renters as well.
This campy frighteningly funny 80's Sci-Fi horror film was adored by all the kids of the day. What kid wouldn't want their overbearing and snooty stepmother who is cheating on their father just turned to dust. Night Of The Comet stars the talents of Catherine Mary Stewart, Kelli Maroney, Robert Beltran, Sharon Farrell, Mary Woronov and directed by Thom Eberhardt.
Not only do we see people turned to dust but we get all the great stuff of horror as well as zombies and people slowly being turned into zombie mutant monster creatures as well. Tales of cannibalization and the ripping off of body parts are talked about but not really seen, it was only a pg-13 film you know. It was thought back then that kids could not handle anything more than some tore up skin and dripping zombie flesh. Back then it was enough to give a kid and some parents nightmares.
Take all of this and then add in a corrupt group of scientists that are slowly turning into the zombies that our heroes have been running from all along. This government think tank of idiots wants to harvest all of the survivors so that they can make a blood serum that will keep them alive. All they care about is them selves and are willing to kill anyone and everyone so that they can make a cure just for themselves. The is one among them that just wants to see them fail, a female researcher and scientist that knows they are doomed and there is no way to change it. Only she is able to make sure that the survivors have a chance and then kills herself before she becomes the monster that she knows that she is turning into.
I doubt we will ever see a remake of this film but it is definitely one to have in your apocalyptic end of the world as we know it collections. We will see elements of this film in other horror and classic end of the world films for years if not centuries to come. In the end you just have 3 gals and 3 guys to save the world, at least that we know of in Southern California. You will enjoy the time spent watching this film, I know that I did.
IMDB Collect The VHS
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Tumblr
U.S. President Donald Trump announces his decision for the United States to pull out of the Paris climate agreement in the Rose Garden at the White House June 1, 2017. Getty Images
President Trump came into office pillorying the Obama administration for being so easily played by foreign governments and vowing to either renegotiate or just tear up his predecessor's signature international agreements, namely, the normalization of diplomatic relations with Cuba, the Paris Agreement on climate change, and the nuclear deal with Iran, which he announced today he was decertifying.
Given that these deals—all reached in the span of a few months between late 2014 and 2015—were forged through executive action rather than acts of Congress, theoretically nothing was stopping Trump from just scrapping them. But that's not quite what he's done.
While some of Trump's advisers, especially the now-departed Michael Flynn and Steve Bannon, might have cheered for him to torch these agreements, his more cautious national security advisers have pushed back. The problem is that with all of these deals, renegotiating is not an option—the other parties have no interest in reopening discussions that were hard enough the first time—and simply walking away is not an option, because it could have serious ramifications for U.S. alliances and credibility.
So the president and his team seem to have settled on a strategy of effectively ceasing U.S. participation in these deals without technically abandoning them.
The strategy has three components: First, the president makes a highly promoted statement that he has reversed whatever “worst deal ever” is in his crosshairs that week. This rhetoric is meant to appeal to Trump's base. Second, the text of the executive order, once it's released, reveals upon close reading that the change of course amounts to less than Trump led people to believe and that the deal still mostly stands. This is meant to reassure allies that the grownups are still in charge. Third, over time, the Trump administration simply conducts policy as if the deal never existed, making the agreement effectively irrelevant. (The only major Obama deal that Trump did completely withdraw from was the Trans-Pacific Partnership, which, notably, hadn't been finalized yet.)
In the case of the Paris Agreement, Trump gave a speech in June announcing that he was withdrawing from the landmark accord, boasting nonsensically that he was “elected to represent the citizens of Pittsburgh, not Paris.” But quietly over the following months, U.S. diplomats made clear to alarmed allies that they had not actually withdrawn and were instead looking at “terms on which they could be engaged under this agreement.” Of course, these machinations all somewhat academic given that the Trump administration is also gutting the Obama-era environmental regulations that would have actually made it possible for the U.S. to meet its Paris commitments.
Later that month, Trump told a cheering crowd in Miami's Little Havana that he was reversing the “terrible and misguided deal” with Cuba—but again, not really. Trump's moves left in place many of the Obama measures making it easy for Americans to travel to and do business in Cuba and left embassies open in both countries. But in this case, Trump's claim to be ending the détente with Cuba has been self-fulfilling: Earlier this month, the U.S. evacuated most of its staff from Havana and expelled 15 Cuban diplomats in response to a mysterious affliction that struck U.S. diplomatic personnel in Cuba.
Trump's statement today shows he will follow a similar course of action in decertifying Iran's compliance with the 2015 nuclear deal. Decertification won't technically put the U.S. in violation of the deal, and the administration is likely not to push Congress to reinstate the sanctions that would probably unravel the agreement. It's more likely Trump's move will amount to supporting a new crackdown on Iran's Revolutionary Guards and probably other Iranian government activities.
This strategy seems designed to assuage Trump's rage at having to continue implementing a deal he attacked on the campaign trail and enable him to give a speech announcing that he is disavowing it while not actually ending it. But, even if the nuclear deal lives to see another day, Trump's moves will inevitably raise the level of tension with Iran and heighten the risk of armed confrontation.
This approach to foreign policy has similarities to Trump's rhetoric on Obamacare: He has said that rather than continuing to attempt to repeal the law, it would be more effective to let it “explode” first and then redesign it. (He may have lit the fuse on that explosion last night.) In the case of rising tensions with Iran, the explosion could turn out to be quite literal.
Sir Elton John's growing status as a down-to-earth counsellor to celebrities was reinforced this weekend when the veteran singer and songwriter spoke for the first time about the help he is giving the American hip-hop star Eminem.
Talking to Danny Baker on his Radio 5 Live show yesterday, John said it is only possible to counsel addicted friends when they are ready. "I've been helping Eminem in the last 18 months and he is doing brilliantly," he said, going on to refer to his own successful struggle with addiction. "When you give it up, you tend to think everybody else has given it up, but of course it is just as prevalent as it ever was. And nowadays pills, such as downers, are even more damaging."
Eminem has an acknowledged problem with prescription drugs and was treated for a near-fatal methadone overdose. The artist became friends with John after a rocky start. When they met at the Grammy Awards in 2001 John, who has had a civil partnership with David Furnish since 2005, was critical of Eminem's comments about homosexuality. But the friendship became important to Eminem in the run-up to the release of last year's album Relapse.
"[Elton] had a substance-abuse problem in the past. So when I first wanted to get sober, I called him, because he's somebody in the business who can relate to the lifestyle and how hectic things can be," Eminem told a Detroit newspaper last year. "He understands, like, the pressure and any other reasons that you wanna come up with for doing drugs."
Baker asked the musical knight, now 62, if he ever felt like shaking other friends who were unable to kick their drug and alcohol habits. "I'm there if people want my help," he said. "If people ask for help you can tell them where they should go, but there is no point advising someone if they don't want to do it."
The singer discussed his offers of help to the troubled performer George Michael, who is reported to have dismissed his approaches.
"People used to tell me to clean my act up and I didn't want to know," he said. "And I know that George has been very vocal in the papers saying that Elton should shut his mouth and how he is sure I would love him to come and bang on my door and ask for help."
John said that Michael was right to suggest it was "none of my business", but drew a comparison with his own behaviour before he recovered from 16 years of addictive behaviour: "I didn't want anybody's help. I used to get very annoyed. In fact, I didn't speak to some close friends for a year because they dared to tell me I was being an idiot."
Lyricist Bernie Taupin, John's songwriting partner, wrote Someone Saved My Life Tonight after he prevented his friend from committing suicide. Those "lost years", the star told Baker, are still the subject of great regret. "Initially, it was fun, but I am not a man who can just do one of anything. I have got that kind of nature," he said. "So I could not do one gram of coke, I had to do six grams and then I would want more. It ended up being incredibly depressing."
The singer's reputation as a confidant is founded on the help he offered actor Robert Downey Jr and his failed attempts to intervene in the life of the former Libertines frontman Pete Doherty. He also offered Victoria and David Beckham the use of his villa and yacht when their marriage was in difficulty.
TORONTO – Miguel Castro's signing with the Toronto Blue Jays is the kind of story a scout can humble-brag about. The 20-year-old wunderkind, signed for a mere $43,000 as an international free agent on Jan. 5, 2012, is in many ways a fluke. Kids that talented rarely slip through the cracks, and when they do, they almost never graduate to the big-leagues as quickly as he did.
Yet here he is, a closer in the majors two weeks into his rookie season, each time out becoming more and more the type of acquisition that earns scouts raises and general managers plaudits. Really, it's crazy, especially when you consider everything that had to happen for things to play out this way.
First the New York Mets, and then the Philadelphia Phillies passed on Castro. Marco Paddy, the Blue Jays' longtime director of Latin American operations, left for the Chicago White Sox, who named him special assistant to the general manager – international operations. To replace him, the Blue Jays lured Ismael Cruz and his group away from the Mets. And Cruz, who had wanted to sign Castro with the Mets and kept tabs on the right-hander all along, was ready to pounce when the Phillies let Castro go.
“I wouldn't have done it if I didn't really like the kid,” Cruz says in an interview. “I have to give Sandy Rosario (the club's director, Dominican Republic) credit, too. We stood by the kid the whole time.”
Castro is the first international signing made by Cruz and his crew to reach the big-leagues since his arrival. This is how it happened.
***
The first time Cruz laid eyes on Castro was in the leadup to the July 2 international signing date in 2011, after a tryout at the Mets complex in the Dominican Republic. Like he is now, 16-year-old Castro was long and lean and already bringing it at 91 mph.
Cruz, the director of international scouting for Mets, asked the native of La Romana to stay in camp for an extended look.
“We had for two months and when it got to July 2, I liked him, Sandy (Alderson, New York's GM) liked him, but I was not the man to give the OK to sign him,” says Cruz. “We were going to sign him for $200k, but a couple of Mets pitching coaches and my supervisor didn't like him.
“The Mets pitching guy was scared that his body was all lanky, too much strain on his arm. They get too technical on stuff like that. By experience we know those guys, we've got them like that, they're going to come up.”
Still, Castro's body type is unusual for a pitcher – a Blue Jays official once compared him to basketball star Kevin Durant – and his slight frame raises questions about his durability.
The Mets never made an offer, leaving Castro to wonder what happened.
“They just watched me pitch, they never really talked to me about anything,” Castro says in comments interpreted by Blue Jays third base coach Luis Rivera. “They were trying to sign me but they didn't tell me why they didn't sign me.
“I was so young, I wasn't really thinking that was the end. I was thinking there were more teams out there and there are more opportunities to come work out with someone else.”
***
After things broke down with the Mets, Castro eventually found his way to the Phillies and began working out there. Again, he showed well, and again, there was interest in signing him, only this time an agreement for $180,000 was reached, pending a physical.
That's when things went sideways.
“My body was fine, but they didn't know about my arm, they thought there was something wrong with my arm,” says Castro. “So they held me back for two weeks after I signed, I didn't pitch. I asked the trainer what was going on, and he said, ‘We have to wait for the full results.'”
So Castro sat idly and waited for the verdict on his future. It didn't go well.
“The guys from the States came over, talked to me, and their trainer told me my arm probably wasn't good enough for two innings, in the long run I was going to get hurt,” Castro recalls, “so they voided the contract.
“I was unsure about my arm because two organizations were talking about it. It was hard for me knowing I had already signed a contract and then they voided the contract. I was worried about my future.”
Castro was thinking about going back to school, imagining which professions might suit him, but change was afoot. Paddy was leaving the Blue Jays for a promotion with the White Sox, and Cruz, who had ties to several members of the club's front office from their time working together with the Montreal Expos/Washington Nationals from 2002-05, had been tabbed as the replacement.
He was ready to hit the ground running.
“I caught wind in November that Castro failed his physical and at that moment, I was transitioning from the Mets to Toronto,” says Cruz. “I told my scouts to get a hold of him, we'd give him a shot, but we're going to give him a physical, too.”
(Nathan Denette/CP)
***
Cruz had barely settled into his new job when he called Blue Jays GM Alex Anthopoulos to discuss Castro, whom he wanted to sign for $180,000. “You get to a new organization and the first thing is to ask for money,” Cruz recalls sheepishly. “Alex asked me who is this guy, tell me about him, and he gave me the OK to sign him.”
The pre-existing relationship with Cruz kept Castro from looking too hard for other teams, and he went to the Blue Jays complex for a tryout that was essentially a rubber stamp. Castro was a little concerned about being out of shape because of the Phillies-imposed shutdown, but Cruz told him he wanted to sign him.
“They told me after the tryout don't go home, stay here, we're going to make a decision on you,” says Castro. “That's when they signed me.”
The trick was going to be the physical, and the Blue Jays had the same concern about the elbow that the Phillies did – the ligament was sound, but there were remnants of a past injury. Cruz describes the damage as similar to an injury sustained by Jeurys Familia; in 2013 the Mets reliever underwent surgery to remove loose bodies and bone spurs from his throwing elbow.
He wasn't concerned about Castro's health, but Cruz wasn't sure how Anthopoulos would react.
“I called Alex back, I told him the kid has a little problem in the elbow, I'm OK with lowering the bonus because I really want the kid,” says Cruz. “He said, go ahead, do it, no problem.
“If it had been his shoulder, I would have worried about it, but elbow when you're young – it was nothing with the ligament – go ahead and give the guy a shot.”
Says Anthopoulos: “If I hear passion on the other end of the line from a scout, I'm not going to say no.”
The Blue Jays lowered the bonus to $43,000 and Castro accepted, Cruz finally getting his man.
***
At long last signed, sealed and delivered, it was then the real work started, with project No. 1 getting Castro to bulk up.
“I've done everything to get him to gain weight,” says Cruz. “I had him go eat five times a day. He would start practice at 10 a.m., go inside to the cafeteria, have an early lunch, go back, then at 1 p.m., have another lunch, then at 3 p.m., come back to eat again.
“But there is no way. Spaghetti at midnight and that didn't do it.”
What was it like eating so often?
“I enjoyed that,” Castro says, smiling. “I knew I needed to gain some weight.”
While he didn't pack on the pounds, Castro did pack on the velocity while playing in the Dominican Summer League in 2012. He came to the Blue Jays throwing a heater and a slurve, but Pablo Cruz, Ismael's father, taught him a changeup while a slider quickly replaced the slurve.
Off the field Castro developed, too, fulfilling all his responsibilities.
“He comes from a very poor family,” says Cruz. “He's always been humble, quiet. He'll play around with the guys, never causes problems. I only remember one time that I had to put him in the cafeteria to wash dishes because he didn't show up on time for English class.
“Besides that I don't have any complaints.”
In 2013, the Blue Jays moved him to the United States and he pitched in four games for rookie ball Gulf Coast League and Bluefield. The next year he dominated at single-A Vancouver before getting brief tastes of advanced A-ball with Lansing and then Dunedin.
“I got more speed on my fastball, improved my pitch location,” says Castro. “I worked on my body and my mind.”
***
During his annual tour of the Blue Jays' affiliates, Anthopoulos took notice of Castro in Vancouver and was so impressed that he called Cruz and told him that with that one signing he'd earned himself another decade of work.
“I remember when he called me up, I told him, ‘Get it in writing,'” Cruz says laughing. “He's been great with us, he's given us a lot of freedom to work.”
Anthopoulos started talking up Castro during the general managers' meetings this past November and the now 6-5, 190-pounder arrived in camp with an outside chance of making the team. Then he and fellow phenom Roberto Osuna quickly became the talk of camp, eventually winning roster spots.
Whenever a player breaks through to the big-leagues, Anthopoulos likes to send the signing scout a signed and framed jersey from the player as a token of gratitude. The Blue Jays brought Cruz and Rosario in to Dunedin so they could help break the news to Castro.
“Castro was a great job, I felt it would be a nice thing to show our appreciation,” says Anthopoulos. “This was their first international signing that got to the big-leagues with us. It was nice for them to see that.”
Cruz, his father and Rosario also accompanied the Blue Jays to Montreal, while the elder Cruz and Rosario also made the trip to New York for opening day, where they saw Castro make his big-league debut.
“The way Alex treated us was unbelievable,” says Cruz. “He flew us in with the team, that stuff, nobody with the Nationals or the Mets did for us with all the major-leaguers we got for them. The way he treated us, it goes a long way.”
Castro, meanwhile, remains in gratitude to Cruz and Rosario for sticking with him.
“They had the confidence and the trust in me even though I didn't sign with the Mets or the Phillies when I was there,” he says. “That means a lot to me.
“All I need to do is continue to work hard and prove and show people that I belong in the big-leagues and can stay in the big-leagues.”
Is there a small part of him intent on showing the Mets and Phillies what they missed out on?
“I'm doing that,” he says with a grin.
Tessanne Chin continues her victorious trek in NBC's The Voice with a great performance of Gladys Knight “If I Were Your Woman.”
The audience and jury really couldn't get enough of the Jamaican star artiste.
Tessanne Chin will know if she will stay in the competition on Tuesday's elimination episode.
Watch Tessanne perform “If I Were Your Woman” on The Voice last night:
“I heard your Jamaican accent came out for the first time in a song and I loved it,” Christina Aguilera stated. “I love your Jamaican accent.”
“I know you had your apprehension but I tried to talk you into it because I thought it was one of those moments where what a song and what a lyric and its so easy to understand and convey what that song means especially with your voice,” Adam said to Tessanne Chin.
“I don't think anyone has ever done that song on this show,” Adam Levine said. “We're talking about Gladys Knight, big shoe to fill there.”
Tessanne Chin spouse Michael Cuffe Jr was in the audience cheering for his wife.
The “Hide Away” singer is one of the top favourites on season 5 of the NBC Emmy-winning talent show. To win this years edition of The Voice she will need our support. You can support Tessanne by voting for her. The prize of the show includes a recording contract and a $100,000 cash prize.
To vote for Tessanne Chin call 1-855-864-2306
In yesterday's edition of The Voice Usain Bolt made an appearance to support the Jamaican singer, watch this video here:
10
3646 Cawthra Road
Mississauga , ON L5A 2Y4
(905) 625-3260
Absolutely do not hire New Century Maids to clean your home. My experience has been terrible, with two cleaners from the company taking money from my home and misplacing items. They left my apartment in disarray, and severely breached my trust, as well as the safety and security of my home. On the morning of Wednesday, June 4, 2014, two cleaners from New Century Maids arrived (10 minutes late) to my 450-square-foot condo apartment to clean for 2.5 hours. After showing them in, I left immediately after they arrived. When I returned six hours later, I found my apartment adequately cleaned (still with bits of dirt on the ground), but in disarray. There was a piece of garbage lying on my personal items, rags left in our cat litter bag, my indoor blanket was on the floor of the outside balcony, cleaning fluid was in my bedroom, and my garbage can and recycling box was not put in its proper place. The bed was also unmade although one of the cleaners explicitly told me that she would make it. I immediately notified New Century Maids and they explained that the cleaners were in a rush to get to another appointment and did not have time to put things away or make the bed, and left the blanket outside after cleaning it because it was still dirty. Although this left a poor taste in my mouth because I paid nearly $180.50 for a 2.5 hour cleaning of a small apartment, I accepted this explanation and let it go. However, later that evening, my partner arrived and discovered that the mat underneath the kitty litter box was missing. He also saw that there were two $5 bills in my large change container and found that suspicious, as we do not keep bills there. That Wednesday evening of June 4, I called New Century Maids again to tell them about the missing mat. I had repeated back and forth phone calls with the office workers (who were communicating with the cleaners) whose story changes each time. I was alternately told the mat was "by the doors" and near the washer and dryer. Neither my partner nor myself could find the mat. I asked New Century Maids to follow up again the next day. On the morning of Thursday, June 5, I received a voicemail from one of the office representatives stating that the cleaners did, in fact, take change in order to pay for their parking. The cleaners supposedly left the $5 dollar bills behind in order to cover the amount they took, but we did not receive any indication of how much change was taken. We have yet to receive an exact amount, to date. Furthermore, in the days since the incident, we have found several more items missing. Approximately $30 worth of over-the-counter allergy medication was removed from our bedside table. We have been unable to determine where this medication has gone, and can only assume that it was stolen along with the change that was taken. Lastly, many items were stored inappropriately. We keep a large bag of cat litter next to our cat's litterbox. As part of their cleaning efforts, the cleaners managed to change the cat litter, leaving the bag in it's appropriate spot after doing so. Due to the bag's weight and the apparent level of litter left in the bag, it seemed as though there was enough left for a final refill of the litter box. However, after a few days, while my partner was changing the cat litter, he discovered that the bag actually contained some used rags that had been buried in the small quantity of litter that remained. As a result, once the rags were removed, it was obvious that what was left of the litter was not enough for a full refill. Even with the combined number of issues that we discovered, New Century Maids has yet to offer a sincere apology or provide some form of compensation. After days of requesting that they take responsibility for their poor services, the only action they took was to offer to fire their employees despite the fact that the fault lay in the company's lack of adequate training programs provided to said employees. New Century Maids also said they would replace our missing mat, but they did not follow through, and we have yet to receive a replacement mat. They also offered to "schedule a drop off and exchange the bills left in return," but that is pointless since there is no way we can confirm the amount of money the cleaners took. By Friday, June 6th, we were still trying to receive some level of acknowledgement regarding the poor service that the company provided. However, despite being in contact with the company daily since Wednesday, June 4th, their representatives lied via email, claiming that we had failed to report missing the missing coins and mat within a 48hr time frame. They made this claim despite our email record and recorded phone message that provided evidence to the contrary. We have filed a police report with the Toronto Police Department, reported New Century Maids to the Better Business Bureau, and will post this complaint through all relevant social media outlet
I was really disappointed with the experience overall. I spoke to Kamilla on the phone at the beginning, giving her a generous estimate of my square footage ( it's 600 sq ft, but I said 700 to be safe), telling her the place was very dirty/dusty and the floors were mostly old wood and the building itself was an apartment building over 100 years old. I said I was having a dinner party that night and I didn't have the time to spend a couple hours cleaning. She gave me an estimate of $175-190 for a deep clean (which she explained was an extra thorough cleaning for apartments that hadn't been done in a while). I said that sounded great and booked an appointment. Later, I got a paper estimate that said $215 for 2.75 hours with two cleaners. I though "okay, that's not too much more" and didn't think much about it. On the day of the clean, the cleaners got there and I left to go do some errands. About half an hour before the clean was done, I got a call from a very rude man saying the cleaners could only finish half of the apartment and when did I want to book another appointment. After him trying repeatedly to pressure me into booking a follow up and, I said they could just finish at the approved time on the estimate and I'd pay them for their time. A couple days later I got an invoice for about $260, saying they had cleaned longer than the approved time. So all in all, it was way more than my estimate for half the work. That being said, the cleaners that came were very apologetic and did a good job with the parts they cleaned. If the customer service wasn't so bad, I'd probably be booking regular cleanings. For now, I'm taking my business elsewhere.
DO NOT USE THIS SERVICE!!! They are absolutely the worst. The lady on the phone screamed at me when i told her the service was bad. Did not want to listen to what i had to say and charged be 120$ for nothing
I called New Century Maids for a simple condo cleaning, weeks in advance; however no time was yet provided for that day. A few days later, I called again to find out what time they'd be coming and was told that I would be called a few days before the scheduled cleaning with the exact time the crew would arrive. I felt good that they said they'd try to accommodate my preferred time but could not guarantee it. I was perfectly ok with that. The scheduled cleaning was for a Monday. The previous Friday I still had not heard from them so I called again to find out the exact timing. I was utterly stunned and shocked when I was told I was no longer on the schedule; they could not send a crew at all, even though the day was previously scheduled!! I have an email from them, well over a week in advance, confirming the schedule! When I asked for an explanation, all I got was a perfunctory apology - NO explanation at all; NO offer to re-schedule at a discount; NO caring at all that I will be greatly inconvenienced by this sudden turn of events. Had I not called when I did, I would have been at home on the Monday, expecting the crew and nobody would have shown up and there wouldn't have been any prior warning !! They did say they'd call me early Monday morning, which they did, only to offer another apology and nothing else. I find it absolutely incredible that a business can be run this way, with such callous disregard for commitments that they, theyselves, have made, not to mention the disruption caused to potential customers. Needless to say, I will never become a customer of New Century Maids and I DO NOT recommend them to anyone; their customer service rates an absolute zero.
Very disappointed with the cleaning ability and only wish I checked reviews on Yelp before booking. I was to receive a thorough cleaning for my 1B condo that had NO furniture so it can go on the market. I had to point out areas the cleaners said were "completed". Doors, door frames, base boards, light switches all had dusted/dirt and fingerprints and there were many other items that were not cleaned thoroughly. For the price I paid and the quality of the cleaning that was done I'm extremely disappointed. I should have cleaned it myself. This is the first and last time I will be using their services. I gave one star for the one girl being pleasant.
The good: sparkling bathroom and some (but far from all) excellent cleaning elsewhere. The not-so-good: Despite my emphasis on dusting, the tops of picture frames and other obvious surfaces were untouched. Despite my asking for a protective cover over the bed while dusting the ceiling fan above, they dusted right over the bedding. Other specific requests, which I wrote down for them, were forgotten or ignored. Even though a total time for cleaning was arranged, they managed the time badly, taking over an hour on one small room (wasting time on blinds and making the bed). I approved an extra hour but they went beyond that, too, without my approval--and of course charged me for it. Finally, sharing these and other concerns with the company resulted in "Thanks for your thoughts." No adjustment, apology or explanation.
Extremely disappointed. We bought our first apartment, and were given some money as a housewarming gift to hire a cleaner, which we've never done before. We asked New Century Maids for a deep clean so that we didn't have to worry about that in the midst of painting, moving, etc. This meant 2 cleaners for 9 hours. I especially requested that the windows and window tracks, which were filthy, be cleaned. I also asked that the kitchen get a thorough cleaning, as there was grease on the counters, etc. I was looking forward to returning after work to a sparkling apartment, but was actually shocked by what I returned home to. While the bathroom seemed to be cleaned pretty well, the windows and tracks were not touched. A splotch of ketchup or something was left in the fridge. We were told that the grease was impossible to get off the counters. Crumbs were still in the kitchen drawers. None of the mirrors was cleaned. It was completely unacceptable. I have no idea what 2 cleaners spent 9 hours doing. When I complained, NCM booked a second cleaning - but sadly, with the SAME TWO ineffectual cleaners. They did more than the first time, but we were still not impressed. When we let NCM know this, we were told that next time we booked, we would be sent senior cleaning staff (!) so that the job would be done well. We will NEVER book here again, and would never recommend them to anyone. Apparently they sent the 2 cleaners for more training, so at least that is good. PS: I bought some TSP for $4 and scrubbed the grease off the counter myself. The whole point was that I didn't have the time/energy to do so.
I called New Century Maids last minute. I had tenants moving in within 24 hours and did not have the time to clean the house myself. I am giving them 5 stars because of the the following 5 reasons. 1. They contacted me within 30 minutes of my enquiry. 2. We were able to quickly agree on a price (so there would be no future ad-ons or surprises) 3. The maids came exactly on time. 4. The maids did a fantastic job of cleaning my entire house. 5. When the maids left, they explained to me exactly what they did, and advised me where they had put some items they had to move. Don't be discouraged by some of the negative reviews here, I used them on October 31st, 2014 and was very happy with New Century Maids!
Emailed Kamila and Isabelle about cleaning my 1+1 condo (used for rental). Gave specific instructions on needed clean and emptying out all garbage from old tenant. Gave me a timing, and then informed me later, that they double booked, and won't be able to honor the time. I thought, one hickup, no problem, as long as they do a good job, but had to delay the condo on the market for another couple of days until they came in. 20 days later, I got a tenant and when he moved in yesterday, told me there was a lot of garbage from the old tenant. So I called them and complained that they hadn't done what they were supposed to, and asked them to kindly come back and throw away the old garbage. They refused, and told me they only guarantee 24 hrs. This is the exact email I got: HI Hassan, I do not understand what contract you are speaking about which you state that was agreed upon. Please read our terms and conditions on our website - www.newcentuymaids.ca - we stand by our 24 hour re-do guarantee - it is the responsibility of the customer to give us feedback on the cleaning as soon as it is preformed. Thanks, Isabelle New Century Maids Inc 905-625-3260
The logic that you should donate only to a
single top charity is very strong. But when faced with two ways of making the world better there's this urge deny the choice and do both. Is this urge irrational or is there something there?
At the high-end splitting up your giving can definitely be a problem. If you give $5 here and $10 there it's depressing how much of your donations will be eaten up by processing costs:
The most extreme case I've seen, from my days working at a nonprofit, was an elderly man who sent $3 checks to 75 charities. Since it costs more than that to process a donation, this poor guy was spending $225 to take money from his favorite organizations.
By contrast, at the high end you definitely need to divide your giving. If a decided to give $1B to the AMF it would definitely do a lot of good. Because charities have limited room for more funding , however, after the first $20M or so there are probably other anti-malaria organizations that could do more with the money. And at some point we beat malaria and so other interventions start having a greater impact for your money.
Most of us, however, are giving enough that our donations are well above the processing-cost level but not enough to satisfy an organization's room for more funding. So what do you do?
If one option is much better than another then you really do need to make the choice. The best ones are enough better than the average ones that you need to buckle down and pick the best.
But what about when you're not sure? Even after going through all the evidence you can find you just can't decide whether it's more effective to take the sure thing and help people now or support the extremely hard to evaluate but potentially crucial work of reducing the risk that our species wipes itself out. The strength of the economic argument for giving only to your top charity is proportional to the difference between it and your next choice. If the difference is small enough and you find it painful to pick only one it's just not worth it: give to both.
(It can also be worth it to give to multiple organizations because of what it indicates to other people. I help fund 80,000 Hours because I think spreading the idea of effective altruism is the most important thing I can do. But it looks kind of sketchy to only give to metacharities, so I divide my giving between them and GiveWell's top pick.)
: NRIs or non-resident Indians can invest in the National Pension System (NPS) to get a social security cover, Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority (PFRDA) Chairman Hemant Contractor said on Wednesday.The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has communicated to pension regulator PFRDA about NRIs being eligible to make such investments and the government will shortly come out with a clarification on the Foreign Exchange Management Act (FEMA) guidelines to facilitate non-resident Indians to invest in National Pension System (NPS), he said."There was some ambiguity about whether to add NPS as eligible investment by NRI. So, we took up the matter with RBI and very recently they have given this clarification that NPS like insurance and mutual fund could also be eligible investment for NRIs," Mr Contractor said at an event organised by PFRDA here."...the government will shortly be coming out with clarification to that effect in the FEMA guidelines" he said.Highlighting the importance of NPS scheme for non-resident Indians (NRIs), he said such residents especially living in the Middle-East are not having any mandatory social security benefit.This window would provide for the NRIs to save money for their old age, he said, adding that they would also enjoy the tax break as prescribed.The Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority (PFRDA) is in talks with lenders such as State Bank of India, HDFC Bank, Canara Bank, Indian Bank and several other south India-based banks to tap potential of NRIs."We have started talking to bankers about attracting NRIs to enroll for NPS scheme. We see NRIs as very attractive market for NPS. We would like to push for NPS for the NRIs," he said. The move will also help to increase the subscriber base and expand the pension corpus in the private sector. The current corpus under the National Pension System is Rs 91,000 crore.
Photo via the author/courtesy Avataq Cultural Institute
The hunting was poor in Canada's Belcher Islands in the winter of 1941, and a meteor shower led some Inuits to suspect the world was coming to an end. It was around this time that a 27-year-old tribal shaman named Charlie Ouyerack proclaimed himself Jesus Christ, and anointed his pal Peter Sala—the tallest man on the island who also happened to be the best hunter and ice navigator—as God.
The duo's first holy act was to order the killing of sled dogs, complicating escape for the devoted and skeptical alike.
One teenage girl, Sara Apawkok, publicly questioned the new religious order, and was promptly denounced as Satanic. She was killed by the religious leader's zealous converts, who hammered her head in with the barrel of a rifle. More murders soon followed.
The Belcher Islands are remote, but not exactly otherworldly—a collection of 1,500 rocks in the turbulent eastern waters of the Hudson Bay. With ferocious winds pounding glacial boulders into a sea of granite pebbles, the frozen sea stabs into North America like an icy dagger on the incoming tide. The New Testament had been introduced to the area fairly recently, but it only took a matter of years for the Good Book to be used to disastrous effect.
In his new book, At the End of the World: A True Story of Murder in the Arctic, Lawrence Millman juxtaposes the Belcher Islands murders with our present day screen lives. He sees our ongoing obsession with the digital as a religion unto itself that signals a way of life coming to an end. That might sound like the cranky raving of a Luddite—VICE talked via land line to Millman, who doesn't text, tweet, or have a cellphone—but few Western authors are as experienced as he is in grappling honestly and thoroughly with remote cultures and the Inuit people in particular.
We asked Millman why he thinks this World War II–era story of religiously inspired murder matters in 2017, why he's alarmed at what he sees as society's transition from the real world to a digital one, and where we can—or should—go from here.
VICE: How did you first find out about the murders on Blecher Islands, and what made you want to pursue it for a book?
Lawrence Millman: I've been traveling to and studying the Arctic for 40 years, and I've done a lot of ethnographic work—collecting stories, tales, myths, superstitions, and taboos from Inuit elders. I always have my antenna out for unusual stories in recent history where people are still alive who remember them. I go with my tape recorder and talk to somebody who's 80 or 90 and say, "Do you remember this?" I'd read here and there in about these murders, and I wanted to find out more.
I was there in 2001, and I happened to be there at the time of 9/11. Most of the elders wouldn't talk to me about the murders. They were embarrassed by them, humiliated. As one man said, "If your daughter was raped, would you go around talking about it?" He thought these murders made them look primitive. At the time, the Inuit in the Belcher Islands weren't primitive, they were traditional. Still, like a lot of native people in the US and Canada, they wanted to erase the past, because they want to be just as up-to-date technology savvy as everyone else in the world. This is part of globalization.
In your research and interviews, did you find out what really happened? How did the introduction of the Bible lead to nine Inuit losing their lives?
The one man who could read the Bible talked about its truthfulness, literal truthfulness: There's this guy up in the sky known as God, and there's a guy named Jesus who died to save us. And people who hadn't the sense of abstraction or contemporary motives of religion wouldn't have taken all that so literally. One of the women, Mina, thought of Jesus kayaking down from the sky, a literal individual who would come down and save us by kayaking down to Earth. The people who were at the fore of this were people who were at the fore in the culture.
[Charlie] Ouyerack was a bit of an Angakok shaman, but was so short that he wanted to make himself seem bigger. And Peter Sala is a key figure—he had contact with the outside world. He was the best hunter, hence he was God. He was the one person on the islands, because of his contact with the outside world, who could have stopped this, but in fact, he was swept up in it. And I think the fact that they didn't have food, they were starving, it was cold, there was no contact with the outside world, and there was no internet to tell them there was an outside world—their minds went in weird directions. Not the whole population were believers, but they were terrified to say they weren't because of what happened to the first person that was killed. The young teenage girl, Sara, who told Peter Sala and the shaman, "You're not God and you're not Jesus." She was killed because she was Satan.
And it didn't stop there, right?
Altogether, nine were killed. A batch of them were killed when Mina, Peter Sala's sister, ushered all the old people and children out onto the ice in minus 20 degree temperatures in February and forced them to take off their clothes. She ran around the village declaring the world was at an end with an Inuit dog whip, which is a scary thing that can whack off your ear or take out your eye. Six people froze to death. All of them were related to Peter Sala. In a way, there was a lesson there, and he took it. After he became aware of that, he realized what a terrible mistake he made, but there was nothing he could do about it. It was too late.
When and how did the murders cease?
The murders finally stopped when the people on the mainland found out about them from Peter Sala. He was very divided—he was God on the one hand, but he was also a fairly rational human being. He'd led an expedition of scientists in the 1930s to Belcher. He even knew a little English. He told the Hudson Bay Company's person on the mainland that there'd been three murders—he only knew of three at that time because the six others were occurring when he was absent. Immediately, the Hudson Bay Company telegraphed the Royal Canadian Mounted Police and said you better come, there are murders in these islands. Not only were there no ministers or priests in these islands, there were no police, either.
Ultimately, Peter Sala and one other were sentenced to a couple of years hard labor and imprisonment. "Jesus" and "God" were exiled from the Belchers for the rest of their lives.
Check out our documentary about the ex-cop trying to solve the murders along Canada's "Highway of Tears."
And how do you juxtapose those murders with society's obsession with technology? What is the relationship, and what does it mean?
People regard iDevices in the same way as they used to regard God. Nothing else matters—they don't see anything else in the world. They walk around playing with them, and they don't see a tornado or a tsunami coming. It's a form of idolatry. I talk to people who are more upset when their computers or smartphones malfunction than if they have something seriously medically wrong with them. That, to me, seems more akin to a religion.
I was watching 9/11 in the Belcher Islands. There weren't too many TVs, it was a real old one, and I was curious about why I was far more moved by this old woman's accounting of the 1941 murders than I was about watching 9/11 on a screen. Why was I not moved by these people falling from skyscrapers? This is a crucial event, and I'm not moved by it. It was because I wasn't there. It didn't feel alive to me. But the old woman that was telling me of the events of 60 years earlier was right next to me. Very important.
So your book is a warning cry, then, about how culture can be reduced to machinery?
I think it's too late to be a warning cry—it's already gone. I have a totally bleak attitude about society's survival, and one of [those attitudes is toward] Donald Trump, but I won't go into that. I see it as a warning cry to select individuals who read the book. It's like, Hey, there's something else around, there's nature and we're losing it. If you are swaggering around with your iDevice and you don't see nature, then why would you want to preserve it? One imagines huge tracts of land of wilderness turned into super malls. That could be considered a warning cry also, because what I do as the book progresses is I sort of start to talk about technology as a religion—a religion that may be more destructive than the one that killed nine Inuit in the Belcher Islands in 1941.
This interview has been lightly edited and condensed for clarity. Learn more about Lawrence Millman's new book, which dropped Tuesday, here.
Follow Seth Ferranti on Twitter.
HOUSTON, Texas – Two MS-13 gang members appeared, smiling and waving at television cameras, before a state criminal court on charges of kidnapping and raping a 14-year-old girl and murdering another. The pair allegedly participated in satanic rituals during the attacks.
Diego Rivera, 18, and Miguel Alvarez-Flores, 18, turned around, and smiled and waved at television cameras shortly before having the charges against them read in open court. The two men stand accused of the brutal rapes of two young girls and the murder of one. The murdered girl was allegedly killed as part of a satanic ritual, KTRK ABC13 reported.
Court records obtained by Breitbart Texas revealed that Alvarez-Flores is a foreign national from El Salvador. Rivera's birthplace and nationality have not yet been revealed. Court records indicate Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials have placed immigration holds on both men. Breitbart Texas reached out to ICE officials for additional information. No response was immediately available.
The surviving victim, a 14-year-old Houston girl, told detectives she had run away from school and met the two men. They took her to an apartment where they got her high and drunk before she was sexually assaulting by a man known as “Flaco,” court records revealed. The two men then took the young girl to another apartment where they held her for 14 days. Six MS-13 gang members were living at the domicile.
Throughout the ordeal, the young girl was forced to ingest drugs and alcohol. She remained intoxicated for the duration of her two weeks in captivity.
At one point, Alvarez-Florez, referred to as “Diabolical,” tattooed the girl's leg with an image of the Grim Reaper. The tattoo runs the entire length of her calf. The gang member decorated the inside of this apartment as a shrine dedicated to their satanic beliefs, KTRK reported.
While at this apartment, the victim met another girl they called “Genesis.” She was also allegedly held against her will, the documents revealed.
Police and medical examiners have yet to determine the identity of the woman known as “Genesis.” The following photo of the deceased girl and some of her belongings were released in an effort to obtain her identity.
Following an outburst by “Genesis” against the satanic rituals, Alvarez-Flores offered a lit cigarette to the satanic statue. He then told his fellow gang members “the Beast” did not want a material offering. Instead, he claimed, “the Beast” wanted a soul.
When the teenage girl awoke the following morning, “Genesis” was gone. Her body was later found alongside a road in Houston.
Following his arrest, Rivera reportedly told police the details surrounding the final hours of “Genesis'” life. He said Alvarez-Flores approached him and told him “Prepare yourself. It's your turn.” He said he was then instructed to kill “Genesis.”
They stopped their car and had “Genesis” sit down in the grass alongside the roadway. Rivera said Alvarez-Flores handed him the gun and ordered him to kill the girl.
Prosecutors accused Rivera of killing “Genesis” with a single gunshot to the head. Alvarez-Flores allegedly went back to the girl and shot her in the chest.
Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A migrant was shot a fight between rival bands of smugglers, it has been reported.
Three migrants from the Grande-Synthe camp near Dunkirk, northern France, were injured in yesterday's terrifying incident.
One of the three migrants was wounded by gunshots, an official at the local prefecture told Reuters.
"Three migrants were badly wounded in all, including one by a bullet," said a local police source.
"It is thought that people smugglers were involved in the violence."
The other injuries were caused by a knife, and by gas sprayed from a police-style canister, added the source.
Read more:
(Image: Photoshot)
They were all taken to Dunkirk hospital.
Some 3,000 people, many of them Kurds, live in the makeshift camp in the town of Grande-Synthe just 35 km away from the so-called "Jungle" camp in Calais on France's north coast.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Like in Calais, most of them hope eventually to reach Britain, across the Channel, where better job opportunities and the more familiar English language are big draws.
The other injuries were caused by a knife, and by gas sprayed from a police-style canister, added the source.
The camp has become notorious for the amount of people smugglers who prey on it, leading to allegations that it is 'in the hands of the Mafia'.
Thomas Morgan Senior Staff Writer, Digital Foundry
From day one, the outright simplicity of Minecraft's core design has been at the heart of its success. Whether you're a modder or a budding block architect, the underlying engine is very upfront with its mechanics, making it easy for just about anyone to understand, to pick apart, and ultimately to make their own. It's easy to assume a game of this nature would make any platform jump with relative ease. On task to find out whether this was actually the case was Dundee-based 4J Studios, the team that went the extra mile for the feature-rich conversion of Perfect Dark on XBLA, and which is now dead-focused on updating Minecraft 360 Edition to match the features available on PC. Or at least, as close to it as Microsoft's regulations will allow. 4J's senior technology officer Paddy Burns spoke to us about the order of priority for this kind of project. It's a game which can expand outwards in a number of ways, but the base technology used on console is sound. As it stands right now, the 360 code weighs in with a 156MB download, and much like the Pocket Edition available for Android, the Java code of the PC version has been eschewed in favour of C++. The look and feel of the game is essentially identical to what you've seen before, with the procedural generation of the world, its smooth lighting and the physics engine all entirely intact. On threading this reworked engine to work more efficiently with the 360's tri-core CPU, Paddy Burns notes that a balance had to be struck between these rendering processes and Minecraft's crucial networking features. Xbox 360 owners can now mine and craft to their heart's content. Though rewritten for another language, the conversion of the engine is faithfully managed and feels very similar to the equivalent Beta 1.6.6 build on PC. "Running both server and client on the same machine was a challenge for 4J, who hived off the tasks to separate cores of the 360's Xenon tri-core CPU." "The most obvious aspect of this is that we've been able to run the server and client on separate cores," Burns says. "We've also been able to separate out the task of generating render data for the landscape into another simultaneous thread, which has been critical in maintaining a smooth frame-rate, as the processing load is quite sporadic depending on [which] chunks are regenerated. Some of the world-generation is split across cores to optimise level-creation times." Generating these massive worlds can put great demands on the console, with new chunks of terrain streaming across the horizon with every few steps. In this case it's not the 360's CPU that proves to be the limiting factor, but rather the console's relatively meagre 512MB pool of unified RAM. "We approached the problem with the aim of making the frame-rate as smooth as possible and the view distance as large as possible," Burns explains. "There is obviously a finite limit to memory on the Xbox and the base system has no HDD. Add the complication of running both the server and up to four clients on the same Xbox, and it's obvious that some limits would need to be applied. To maximise the use of the available resources on the Xbox, we have added systems to the game to be able to share data for the worlds between client and server, as a large percentage of the total memory used by the game is in the raw block data for the environments." The 360 version appears to employ the same 'Smooth Lighting' setting available on PC. Draw distances are also roughly equivalent to the normal setting, with pop-in of terrain chunks being more noticeable when especially high up. Such restrictions have meant that worlds generated on 360 are currently limited to 1024x1024 blocks, with an estimated overall vertical axis of 128 (the previous standard for PC). We're assured that this is one of the big focuses of improvement for future updates. By comparison to the PC version's infinite stretches of land rolling out in any horizontal direction, this cuts into the sense of adventure slightly, though creative minds still have vast volumes of sand in their box to play with for now.
On Updates, Texture Packs and Mods Many updates are planned, of course, and they're set to evolve the game in a number of ways, with the eventual goal being parity with the PC's current build. This is set to rectify the main criticism - that this version is based on last year's beta revision 1.6.6, with no Creative mode available, while PC users are now playing version 1.2.5 of the official release. "We're having some fun with pistons right now, and I'm looking forward to the 1.8.2 changes - there are a lot of them! I think the addition of the Creative mode is going to make a lot of people happy," Burns says on the upcoming 360 upgrades. For those solely interested in playing the role of architect rather than a resource scavenger, this news comes as something of a relief. According to patch revision notes leading up to 1.8.2, this update reprises many of the features currently missing that provide Minecraft PC a more conventional "game-like" sense of progression, such as the food and XP meters, wandering NPCs, and occasional villages dotted around the world. Mod support and texture packs are also two major areas that are heavily discussed in regards to the 360 Edition. The latter is upcoming at no extra cost alongside extra player skins, but to what extent any mods will be accessible (or truly fan-made) without constant regulation from Microsoft remains to be seen. "Downloadable skins and possibly texture packs will be added to the Xbox 360 version but clearly mod potential on this version is limited owing to Microsoft's unwillingness to support user-generated content." The ability to fly around in Creative mode and get a full sense of the scale of the world is only possible on PC at this point, but is promised to be console-bound. The same goes for newer features such as towns and NPCs, though there's still a question mark over how mods will be leveraged. As is often the case on PC, anything goes; it's possible to add anything from tornadoes, to portal guns, steam-powered vehicles or sloped surfaces into the mix, most at the swap of a .jar file. Some can turn the game into an elaborate ecology sim, with extensions like "Nature Overhaul" allowing trees and plants to spread seeds and reproduce dynamically over fertile soil blocks. Otherwise, experimenting with the game's code has been integral to the evolution of the game itself, with mods such as Hippoplatimus' Piston block proving such a game-changer that it found its way into the official release. On the subject of mods, Burns paints an uncertain picture of whether we'll see this represented at quite the same level. Cherry-picking the weirder and more wonderful mods for general consumption on 360 could be a more feasible approach - even if it doesn't allow 360 players to participate in development directly, it would at least allow players to enjoy the fruits of the mod community's labour. "We are looking at adding support for skins and possibly texture packs at the moment, and we expect to have downloadable skin packs to begin with soon," he says. "Mod support is a difficult thing to provide on a console, but we do plan to add Xbox-specific content a little further down the road, and we will be interested in hearing views from the community on what they would like to see." When it comes to the frequency of these updates, the reality of working on a closed platform with Microsoft's certification processes clearly has an influence - certainly compared to the gradual, iterative popular on PC. "Of course everyone would like to see updates as quickly as possible, but Xbox gamers tend to be a little bit less forgiving than the PC community when it comes to bugs in the content, so Microsoft needs to ensure that any updates are thoroughly tested. This does mean updates take a little longer than people would like."
Mining and Crafting with Performance in Mind All the upcoming extra features and optimisations are welcome, but they build on a sturdy day-one foundation as far as engine performance goes. The setup is fairly straightforward: Minecraft 360 Edition runs with a 1280x720 framebuffer, allowing it to deliver an unfaltering 60FPS in single-player alongside some respectable draw distances. Similar to the vanilla PC version though, this is rendered with no anti-aliasing in effect at all, making for some edges that can stick out for their sharpness. Here, we put the frame-rate under the magnifying glass to see if it wavers even once: "Single-player Minecraft on console runs at a sustained 720p60 with no anti-aliasing - surprising bearing in mind the lo-fi textures and basic geometry." A solid 60FPS is the order of the day, with v-sync also constantly engaged. In this case, it's surprising to find that a native 1920x1080 resolution mode is not supported for those that use the setting in the 360 dashboard - perhaps a concession made in order to optimise performance or keep as much RAM as possible available for the game. Whether we take to the darkened caves with torches to hand, or travel up the mountains for a panoramic view of the world, we're hard-pressed to bring the frame-rate down in single-player. Regarding image quality, 4J Studios' decision to solely adopt the 720p standard with no AA does leave the image looking a bit rough at points. When asked whether post-processing methods such as Fast Approximate Anti-Aliasing (FXAA) were considered to prevent jaggies cropping up, Burns' justification for leaving it aside is two-pronged. "We did investigate implementing this but decided against it due to both technical reasons, and because of the change in the visual style," he explains. For a game which takes pride in a simple, stark and pixellated aesthetic, it's possible that lower-quality implementations of FXAA could have blurred over the image over too aggressively - particularly on elements such as textures - but the omission of hardware MSAA is a little mystifying (perhaps down to RAM considerations). Clearly, the focus for the 360 Edition was instead set squarely on maintaining the graphical bells and whistles of the PC version. Draw distances are respectably far-flung, with the blue hue on the horizon being only slightly more apparent than it is on PC. Also to its credit is the fact that the "Smooth Lighting" option is enabled for console, making for less obtrusive gradients in the lighting across surfaces when the sun edges past overhead. Also included in the lighting engine is a pass of ambient occlusion, allowing pockets of darkness to spread to corners and edges in torch-lit caves. "View distance on the 360 version of Minecraft is equivalent to the normal setting on PC and it is entirely consistent between single-player and all multiplayer modes available in the game." With all things in the renderer being close to equal, the 360 Edition does happen to distinguish itself from other versions with one major feature: drop-in four-player split-screen. This is only available when HD resolutions are set on the console, and allows up to four players to play off one box, with the ability to also link up with a further four players online. Without the breadth of community features available on PC, factoring this feature early on in development in order to match the playing habits of console users makes sense. "Four-player split-screen is something I've always loved from countless hours playing GoldenEye on the N64, and having previously implemented it for Perfect Dark XBLA, I put this in our initial proposal to Mojang," reveals Paddy Burns. "Persuading any existing game to work with four local players when it's not been designed that way is always a difficult task, but our previous experience was a big help there." Regarding multiplayer performance, we see the 360 can be challenged when it comes to rendering several different points of view. In particular, the frame-rate dips from its target v-synced 60FPS whenever players are nearby each other and overlooking the world from a high point. This results in a stuttering transition to a locked 30FPS, which can be a little jarring, but once the switch has passed performance holds at that lower target. This is really only an issue in specific circumstances, as even with four players running around their own corner of the map 60FPS is an achievable figure. Regardless of these hiccups, the addition of split-screen is a huge coup for the 360 version, offering Minecrafters everywhere a convenient way to turn the game into a social experience. Throughout our tests, we also notice that using this feature doesn't result in any degradation to visual quality (besides the smaller window). Draw distance for new chunks of terrain remains very close to that of singe-player.
Chances are you've seen “Star Wars” or the “Lion King” and recognized the deep, dark voice from both films. That demanding voice is no other than that of James Earl Jones, who is arguably one of the best voices in Hollywood.
Follow @briaeffinsimone Follow @TheUrbanDaily
Many are not aware that Jones was mute as a child. At the tender age of 5, Jones battled against stuttering so badly that he did not speak for nine years. He credits an English teacher in helping him overcome his speech impediment, explaining that the thought of being able to express himself verbally was an inspiration.
“We were reading great literature, and the idea of being able to say those words really inspired me. I never expected to be able to write things like that, but I did want to enjoy saying them.”
Child suffers from speech impediment and refuses to talk for nearly ten years grows up to become the most well-known voice in history, you've got to admit that sounds like a great film.
Check out James Earl Jones speaking on overcoming being mute below.
READ MORE HOT ENTERTAINMENT COVERAGE ON THEURBANDAILY.COM:
Funkmaster Flex On Celebrity DJs & 20 Years Of Hip-Hop [EXCLUSIVE]
DMX To Bestow The Boxing Fade On George Zimmerman
How To Have Beyonce For Dinner On Valentine's Day
Like TheUrbanDaily.com on Facebook to stay updated with the latest entertainment news and original interviews!
Also On The Urban Daily:
Promoted from our Community Blogs
[Dtoid community member Sephzilla laments the downfall of one of his favorite publishers on his blog. Want to see your blog appear on the front page someday? Go write something! --Mr Andy Dixon]
This generation has been filled with publishers and developers undertaking anti-customer acts or just plain acting stupid. EA tried to shove online passes down our throats and tried shoehorning multiplayer into every game possible. Activision milked the Call of Duty franchise for all it was worth (and still is). Gearbox blatantly tried to defend bad games and misleading marketing. Microsoft tried to release a console built around screwing over consumer rights. The list goes on.
Yet there's one company whom I think gets a bit overlooked in the "blatant stupidity" department, and it's a company who fell a lot further than some of the others I just mentioned...
To me, the main story of this generation is: "What the fuck happened to Capcom?"
In the history of videogames, Capcom has been one of the biggest players. You can legitimately make cases for Capcom being one of, if not the, the best developer/publishers of two different console generations. During the Super Nintendo era they were pushing out titles like Street Fighter II, Final Fight, Aladdin, and Mega Man X (the best video game ever made). In the PlayStation 2 era their name was attached to stuff like Devil May Cry 3, Resident Evil 4, Viewtiful Joe, and Okami.
And these are only two of the obvious choices for good Capcom eras; if you want to make cases that they were one of the more solid companies during the NES or PlayStation 1 eras I'm not going to stop you. My point is, over the years Capcom has put together a very good stable of properties and in general made games people enjoyed. Yet this generation Capcom apparently decided that everything they built up over a couple of decades wasn't good enough anymore.
What's weird is that, in the early portions of this generation Capcom still acted like the Capcom we all remember, and their games reflected some of that. Devil May Cry 4, despite being rushed out the door, was still plenty fun and got respectable praise, Mega Man 9 and Mega Man 10 happened and everyone liked that, and Bionic Commando Rearmed was fantastic.
As this generation went on, Capcom progressively got dumber and dumber. The shortest way I can word it is that Capcom started making games they thought their audience wanted instead of making games their audiences actually wanted. I don't really want to say it started with 2009's Bionic Commando, but it's the earliest game I can think of where I openly looked at Capcom and went, "what the shit are you doing?"
In my opinion, what really shows how far Capcom has fallen is by looking at how other games are doing Capcom's "thing" better than Capcom. Bayonetta and Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance both out Devil May Cry'd DmC, and Dead Space was a better Resident Evil than either Resident Evil 5 or 6. Fans have been making more faithful Mega Man games in their spare time than Capcom has. Hell, Mega Man in the new Super Smash Brothers looks to be more faithful than anything Capcom is capable of producing. You could even make a case that NetherRealm studios is starting to legitimately encroach on Street Fighter's turf (at least in sales). My point is that Capcom has been massively dropping the ball and other studios have been picking up the slack for them. God help them if sales for Monster Hunter or Street Fighter ever fall off.
Capcom has one of the most solid and deep lineup of IPs in videogaming. I think Capcom is second to only Nintendo in terms of recognizable characters and franchises. When you have enough notable characters that you can make crossover fighting games that consist almost entirely of your own franchises, you're doing something right.
While Nintendo hasn't been my favorite developer in recent years, I still give them props for sticking to their franchises. People clearly still want Mario and Zelda games, and Nintendo rewards them by making more Mario and Zelda games. Meanwhile, Capcom has gone the route of moving over to the tablet/mobile crowd and perverting their existing franchises into games that barely resemble what they used to be. If you ask me, it seems pretty obvious that Capcom is desperately trying to get its hands on the Angry Birds and Call of Duty crowds (the later of which Capcom has pretty much admitted).
I asked a friend to add the orange left arm glow effect, because that's really all it's missing at this point.
But here's the thing about trying to appeal to the Call of Duty mass market: you're never going to actually get them. Why? Because they're going to be too busy playing the next Call of Duty to care about Dead Rising 3, or they're going to just be playing Angry Birds or Candy Crush instead of giving a shit about Mega Man XOver.
Capcom aimed high without even realizing how those bigger games got big in the first place. Call of Duty, Super Mario, and God of War didn't become big sustainable mass-market franchises by piggybacking off of someone else, they became big because they did their own thing and stuck to their own thing. Call of Duty has stayed Call of Duty, God of War stuck to its guns, and Super Mario has survived almost thirty years by sticking to the same formula. Even when Mario made the jump to 3D in Super Mario 64 it still retained a shitload of what made Mario famous. These franchises didn't invent the genres they exist in, but they found their own place in their genres and built from there.
Capcom frustrates me because they're very clearly missing the point. You'll never get to the top by riding the coattails of others, you get to the top by doing your own thing and sticking to your own thing. Even among my most casual of gamer friends, I have yet to hear anyone say, "Hey, did you play this one game? It's just like Call of Duty!"
Destructoid member Everyday Legend dropped this GameIndustry link over on the forums, and it really drove home how out of focus Capcom is as a whole. In short, Capcom doesn't sound like they have too much money left. The company apparently has about $152 million dollars currently, meaning Grand Theft Auto V alone cost more to make and market than Capcom has left to spend for their entire company. 2013 was also Capcom's least profitable year since 2010, and their second least profitable year since 2005. (For those who didn't do link clicking, Capcom made $31 million in profits.)
Out of all of the titles Capcom has released this fiscal year, only three games managed to even cross the million sales marker: Dragon's Dogma, DmC, and Resident Evil 6. Two of those three million seller games still fell short of their sales expectations by noticeable margins: Resident Evil 6 sold 4.8 million but had a lofty 7 million expectation, while DmC only sold 1.15 million and had an expectation of 2 million (a number that started off higher). In DmC's case, it went on to be the lowest selling entry in the Devil May Cry franchise by over half a million sales. Resident Evil 6, meanwhile, went on to be lashed by critics. Dragon's Dogma was the only million sellers that actually hit its expectation and beyond, making it pretty much the lone success story for Capcom.
So let that sink in a little. DmC was Capcom's third best selling entry this fiscal year and yet it was still the worst selling entry its own franchise (and by a large margin, too).
Looking at the three big guns from Capcom's 2013 fiscal year, there's a bit of a telling story there. The two games that fell way short of their expectations were games that had substantial departures from what people expected out of those franchises; DmC was one of the most controversial topics in gaming for a long time and Resident Evil 6 seemed by many to be as un-Resident Evil as possible. Meanwhile, the game that actually had some semblance of developmental focus and was built around simply being a videogame instead of being a "broader audience" cash grab ended up selling beyond expectations (Dragon's Dogma). You would think that would have been Capcom's big wake-up call; but alas, it doesn't appear so.
Initially Capcom seemed committed to reducing the amount of outsourcing for its new releases, which is definitely a big step in the right direction when seeing how crappy some of their recent products have been. But then Capcom had to follow that up by saying that they are now planning a bigger commitment to DLC within their new games. Because, you know, the best way to win over customer trust and get them investing in your products again is to implement more of the stuff that tends to drive away customers from making day-one purchases and causes them to wait for things like Steam sales or "complete edition" bundles...
Capcom urgently needs a complete housecleaning in its entire upper management and almost all of their decision makers who've been involved in the last 5 years of work need to be let go. Every decision that seems to come from Capcom these days is loaded with backwards logic and is counter-productive to what I believe they need to do in order to be a truly successful company again. If this doesn't happen, I fear that Capcom might become the new THQ by the end of next generation.
Capcom has easily been one of, if not the, the worst developer/publisher this generation. While people can obviously throw hate towards EA or Activision for some of their shoddy business practices, most of their games have at least still maintained a certain level of quality. Capcom practices a lot of the same crappy tactics, and their games have continuously stunk up the joint right up to Lost Planet 3's recent release. Capcom needs to stop trying to turn games into blatant cash grabs and needs to return to their roots of making games that are both great in quality and meet the expectations of their existing and loyal customers. Rushing out mediocre games and loading them up with DLC in the hopes that they'll sell to an audience that doesn't actually exist is going to put them on the fast lane to bankruptcy.
Get it the fuck together, Capcom.
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
Note: This is a developing story and this article will be updated as more details become available.
Moments after lifting off at NASA's Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia, the unmanned Antares rocket meant to bring cargo to the International Space Station exploded. This was to be the third commercial resupply mission by Orbital Sciences. The explosion occurred at 6:22 pm EDT on October 28, six seconds after launching.
No injuries or deaths are believed to have occurred because of this failed launch, with all personnel at Wallops safe and accounted for.
NASA officials have described the event as a “catastrophic anomaly” but have not pointed to a cause of explosion yet. NASA reports that the team did not experience any warning signs prior to launch that there would be a problem.
The Cygnus spacecraft atop the rocket was carrying 2290 kg (5050 lbs) of cargo for the International Space Station, including the Arkyd-3 satellite. The launch was scheduled for October 27, but had to be scrubbed at the last minute due to a sail boat downrange of the launch site.
A press conference began at 9:30 pm EDT to discuss the preliminary findings of the failed launch. Tune in here:
Broadcast live streaming video on Ustream
William Gerstenmaier, Associate Administrator of Human Exploration and Operations, stated during a press conference that astronauts aboard the ISS are still well-stocked with enough supplies to last until March if necessary, and no critical cargo was lost during the failed launch. The cargo that was lost in the incident will be replaced and sent on subsequent flights while Orbital regroups and gets flight-ready again, though it will be a few weeks before they will know when that will be.
At the time of the press conference, there were still no details as of what caused the launch to fail. The debris from the disaster is currently being collected for the ongoing investigation, while telemetry is also analyzed. Residents near Wallops who find pieces that have been washed ashore are asked not to touch anything, as it could be contaminated with hazardous materials. Those finding such pieces are asked to alert the authorities so it can be properly collected.
As of 9:30 pm EDT, the fire is still ongoing while the propellant burns out, though it is contained. The extent of the damage to the launch pad has not yet been evaluated, and full environmental impact cannot be determined either. As this launch pad is the only one capable of launching Antares rockets, repairing any damage will be top priority, though no more of the rockets will launch until the root cause of the explosion is identified and corrected.
The rocket, spacecraft, and cargo total about $200 million, but until the damage to the launch pad and surrounding area is assessed, the full monetary loss will not be known.
EXPOSITION PARK (CBSLA.com) — Some USC students say they were unfairly targeted Sunday morning when LAPD officers broke up a party and arrested several students.
However, police say they were attacked by the students, who maintain they are victims of racial profiling.
A YouTube video of the incident in the 1200 block of West 23rd Street published by student Lamar Gary shows police in riot gear, armed and ready for a confrontation.
“LAPD attempts to disperse USC students at a college party near the USC campus. Night sticks, Tasers, guns, 79+ LAPD Riot Sqaud Cops vs. USC students. LAPD stated that they were responding to a noise complaint,” he wrote.
Nate Howard, who hosted the party attended by minority students, said he planned the event not only to celebrate his four years at USC, but also for networking purposes.
“We had fun. We're graduating, and we were having a good time. It was the last day of classes. We had sponsors here,” said Howard, who noted things got ugly around 2 a.m.
“Most people were dispersing and leaving. The police came back and told everyone to get out and that's eventually what people started to do until they started to get crazy,” he said.
Howard was arrested and he believes it was because of his race. He says another party, attended by mostly white students, was going on across the street at the same time.
“There was also an event across the street. They told them to stay in the house and be safe, while us over here, majority students of color, we were dispersed out of my house and everywhere,” he said.
Student Sarah Tither-Kaplan attended the other party, which was allowed to continue.
“Our party was predominately Caucasian students and their party was predominately black students, and basically, DPS and LAPD didn't stop our party at all. They had no problem with us; they didn't shut us down,” she said.
An LAPD watch commander confirms the department received a noise complaint about Howard's party. He said party-goers refused to leave and threw beer bottles at arriving officers, which prompted them to return in riot gear, a charge Howard denies.
The LAPD would not comment on the incident, which is under investigation.
In a blog post titled “I'm A Scholar, Not A Criminal: The Plight Of Black Students At USC,” student Makiah Green wrote, “Instead of studying for the last final of my undergraduate career, I am writing this letter in protest of the University of Southern California's latest atrocity. Last night, students gathered at a house near campus to celebrate their completion of another rigorous school year. Many attendees were graduating seniors. Almost all attendees were minority students: African-American and Latino.”
She said six of her friends spent the night in jail. The entire incident, she charged, “reeks of racial profiling.”
Green is one of many students calling on her classmates to attend a sit-in at Tommy Trojan on Monday from 12 p.m. to 4 p.m.
The LAPD, USC's Department Of Public Safety (DPS) and the student group SOLID USC announced a forum on racial profiling will be held Tuesday at 6 p.m. at the USC Ronald Tutor Campus Center Ballroom.
More than 1,700 students have also signed a petition to end racial profiling at the school.
An international human rights watchdog has accused the Philippine National Police of paying officers and assassins to kill alleged drug offenders, planting evidence and even setting up a racket with funeral homes in what it called an “informal economy of death” under President Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs.
London-based Amnesty International released on Wednesday its report on its investigation of the spate of drug-related killings, concluding that a majority of the killings appears to be “systematic, planned and organized” by authorities and could constitute crimes against humanity.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Acting on orders from the very top, policemen and unknown killers have been targeting anybody remotely suspected of using or selling drugs,” said Rawya Rageh, a senior crisis adviser for Amnesty.
PNP breaking laws
Tirana Hassan, Amnesty's crisis response director, said that under Mr. Duterte's rule, “the national police are breaking laws they are supposed to uphold while profiting from the murder of impoverished people.”
“The same streets Duterte vowed to rid of crime are now filled with bodies of people illegally killed by his own police,” she added.
Amnesty said the investigation was carried out mainly last November and December and was completed in January.
The group said it interviewed 110 people and the report included witness accounts of victims being shot dead despite having shouted they would surrender.
Amnesty said it also found “strong evidence” of links between the authorities and unknown gunmen, as well as connections between cursory and speculative drugs “watch lists” created by local officials, and the people killed by police.
The release of the report came amid uncertainty after the government suspended the antinarcotics campaign on Monday due to rampant corruption.
The Philippine Drugs Enforcement Agency has now been given the lead role in the campaign.
ADVERTISEMENT
Other police crimes
The Amnesty report outlined what the rights watchdog said were other widespread police crimes aside from extrajudicial killings in a “murderous war on the poor.”
Among a litany of alleged crimes, Amnesty accused police of shooting dead defenseless people, fabricating evidence, paying assassins to murder drug addicts and stealing from those they killed or the victims' relatives.
It also said police were being paid by their superiors to kill, and documented victims as young as 8 years old.
“The police are behaving like the criminal underworld that they are supposed to be enforcing the law against,” it said.
The Amnesty report said Mr. Duterte had incited the police to carry out a murderous war on the poor, and warned that the International Criminal Court would need to start investigating if Philippine authorities did not stop it soon.
“The police killings are driven by pressures from the top, including an order to ‘neutralize' alleged drug offenders, as well as financial incentives. They have created an informal economy of death,” the report said.
The latest police data shows 7,669 people have been killed since Mr. Duterte unleashed his war on drugs seven months ago, 2,555 in police operations, which the PNP says were all in self-defense.
The other deaths are classified as investigated or under investigation.
Human rights groups believe most of those are drug-related, carried out by vigilantes or hit men.
Police paid to kill
The Amnesty report confirmed rumors that the police were behind the extrajudicial killings and were paid to kill suspects in a campaign aimed mostly at the poor.
Amnesty said it found confirmation from a Metro Manila-based police antinarcotics officer who had served on the force for 13 years.
The policeman, who was not identified in the report, said his and other police units received payments for killing alleged drug offenders.
Amnesty said it spoke to two hired killers, a man and a woman, who claimed they were regularly paid by an active-duty policeman P5,000 to kill an alleged drug user and P10,000 to P15,000 to kill an alleged drug pusher.
The officer said that in addition to payments by police headquarters, some local governments in Metro Manila give additional benefits for every kill.
Paid by encounter
“We always get paid by the encounter. That's the word we use, ‘encounter.' The amount ranges from P8,000 ($161) to P15,000 ($302),” the officer said.
“The one we really go after are pushers. There are categories (of pushers)—different levels based on their notoriety. Higher levels are paid more,” he said.
“The PNP incentive isn't announced. We're paid in cash, secretly, by headquarters. The payment is (split by) the unit. There's no incentive for arresting. We're not paid anything (for arrests),” he said.
Racket with funeral homes
At a news conference where the Amnesty report was released on Wednesday, Amnesty Philippines trustee Sister Maria Vida Cordero said Amnesty researchers were unable to determine where the money for the cash incentives came from.
The officer also said some policemen had established a racket with funeral homes, who paid them for each body brought in.
Families are expected to pay funeral costs for those killed in law enforcement operations.
“Sometimes if I'm the investigator, I'll bring the body to the biggest and most expensive [funeral home] because they give the biggest cuts,” the officer said.
He said police asked for P10,000 per body, driving up costs.
Amnesty said the information given by the policeman was corroborated independently, and the report included complaints from relatives of victims who said the bodies were taken to expensive funeral homes even if there were cheaper options nearby.
‘Job order'
The two hired killers told Amnesty that the “job order” comes through the police officer but the order must have come from a higher-up.
The two said their group had other members, including former policemen.
Demand for their services, they said, has become “rampant” since Mr. Duterte came to office, averaging three to four hits a week.
They said that they were paid up-front when they received an order for a “riding-in-tandem” hit.
They said they would be given an envelope containing the target's name, picture, address and profile.
Planted evidence
The woman said the rate was P5,000 for a target identified as a drug user and P10,000 to P15,000 for a target named as drug pusher.
“Usually we don't have multiple targets per project, but (when we do), we're paid per head,” she said.
Amnesty said policemen and hired killers often planted evidence to link the target to drugs.
Both hired killers said they could not refuse a job even if they occasionally felt pity when the target was with young children, justifying their killing by saying they were “helping the government take out the trash of society.”
Amnesty said it had documented several instances when witnesses and relatives of the victims had reason to believe policemen disguised themselves as the killers or at least supported the killers.
The officer who talked to Amnesty said the policemen did not need to cover up the rights violations. “We don't really need to. There aren't investigations.”
The two hired killers said they believed the entire police force was complicit, since they and other hired killers had not been arrested.
In a number of cases, witnesses to killings or victims' relatives told Amnesty that the person shot dead was unarmed and had not resisted arrest.
Police also planted drugs and weapons that they later “seized” as evidence, Amnesty said.
“I will surrender, I will surrender, sir,” Gener Rondina, 38, told police after they broke into his home in Cebu City, a witness told Amnesty.
Rondina then knelt and raised his arms behind his head but police shot him dead, Amnesty said, citing the witness.
When family members were allowed into the house six hours after Rondina was shot, valuables including a laptop, watch and money were missing, according to Amnesty.
Police alleged Rondina had a gun and they acted in self-defense, and the method of killing as well as the justification was typical of the drug war, Amnesty said.
Flawed ‘watch lists'
Amnesty also warned that the lists of drug suspects that police were using to target people were deeply flawed.
This was partly because many people were placed on the lists simply after being reported by fellow community members, without any further investigation, according to Amnesty.
It said the vast majority of victims lived in the poorest urban neighborhoods, and the families were further pushed into economic hardship from the deaths of their breadwinners, the police thievery and high funeral expenses.
The drug-related killings also left traumatized hundreds of children who witnessed the murders of members of their families.
Citing data from the Children's Legal Rights and Development Center, Amnesty said that as of Dec. 25 last year, 27 children had been killed as a result of police drug-related operations.
Two were reportedly actual targets while the rest were killed by “mistake,” it said.
Recommendations
Amnesty recommended to Mr. Duterte to “immediately order an end to all police operations involving unnecessary or excessive use of force,” especially lethal force.
It said the PNP should suspend officers suspected of unlawful killings, planting evidence or involvement with hit men, and thoroughly investigate paid killings. —WITH REPORTS FROM THE WIRES
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
BROOKLYN (October 5, 2015) – Barclays Center has launched the New York Islanders Radio Network that includes WNYE 91.5 FM, WRHU 88.7 FM, and WRCN 103.9 FM. The three stations will broadcast every game in the team's inaugural season in Brooklyn.
Veteran broadcaster Chris King, who has worked on Islanders radio broadcasts for the past 22 years, will continue serving as play-by-play announcer, while Greg Picker will become the team's analyst.
Islander games will make their Brooklyn debut with simulcasts on WNYE 91.5 FM. WNYE is managed and operated by NYC Media, the City of New York's official television and radio network, and a division of the Mayor's Office of Media and Entertainment. WNYE is broadcast throughout the New York metropolitan area from the 4 Times Square tower in midtown Manhattan.
For the sixth consecutive season, Islanders radio broadcasts will be produced by and heard on WRHU 88.7 FM. WRHU stretches throughout Nassau County and into parts of Suffolk County.
WRCN 103.9 FM, LI News Radio, is Long Island's only FM news station. Broadcasting live from Islip's MacArthur Airport, the station covers local news, traffic and weather. WRCN reaches Suffolk County.
“We are pleased to launch the Islanders Radio Network with WNYE, WRHU, and WRCN to broadcast Islanders games this season,” said Barclays Center CEO Brett Yormark. “The three-station tandem allows us to reach fans in Long Island, Brooklyn and Manhattan.”
Source: 123rf.com/Viktoria Lukonina
You've recently had a baby.
You are more than 3 weeks .
You do not like the way you are feeling. You wonder if you are too or too depressed.
Your family, and healthcare provider have tried to reassure you, but you wonder if they really understand how bad you feel.
You worry that this is what being a mother feels like and you might never feel better.
Here's what you should do.
1. Ask for help. Any feelings of and anxiety that interfere with your abilty to function are not okay right now. Tell those closest to you that you are worried about the way you are feeling. If you know what they can do to help, ask them. If you are not sure, tell them you are not sure, but you need their help, regardless. Then, let them help you. No one is asking that you diagnose yourself. If you are not sure what is going on, you should err on the side of be cautious and healthy by letting someone you trust know how you feel.
2. Contact your doctor/healthcare provider. Be specific and clear about how you are feeling so you can discuss options. If you feel dismissed or misunderstood, make the effort to clarify and reiterate.
3. Do your best to locate a therapist who specializes in the treatment of postpartum depression and anxiety. You can find one here. Or, here. Or, here. Call one or two or three therapists and talk to them directly. See how that feels. Do not let feelings of or anxiety get in the way of reaching out for the support that you need right now. Therapists who are trained to treat postpartum depression and anxiety understand how difficult this first phone contact can be. Take the risk and let someone help you. You do not have to go through this alone. If you cannot find specialist in your area, call one of the perinatal specialists listed and talk to them about finding someone closer to you. They will help you do this.
4. When you make your first appointment, ask your partner to accompany if that feels better for you. Most therapists will welcome that and it is highly probable that you can bring your baby to that session, also. Your family is an vital part of your healing process.
5. Stay off of the Internet until you get some relief from your symptoms. While there may be numerous outlets for support available online, you will inadvertently be exposing yourself to random and unpredictable anxiety-provoking, -inducing triggers. It is best for you to protect yourself from that for a while.
6. Accept the fact that you are not feeling good right now and that it will not always feel this way.
7. Avoid all triggers that make you feel worse. That includes people who are unsupportive, events or obligations that increase your anxiety. Self-compassion is essential. Pay to what you need and do your best to express this to your partner and helping professionals.
8. Do not stop until you find the right help. This means you should feel comfortable with the support you are getting. This means your healthcare provider, your therapist, your support group, your , your adjunctive recovery , must all be appropriately responsive to your needs and it is important that you continue to communicate with those caring for you. If the level of caring you receive feels insufficient or inauthentic, you can decide to either let someone know how this feels, or find another/additional professional/treatment alternative.
9. You do not need to suffer. Not even a little bit. There are more and more healthcare professionals who understand that new mothers are at risk for serious depression and anxiety disorders. Help is out there. Do what you need to do to help yourself get the help you need and deserve.
You will feel like yourself again.
#beyourownbestadvocate.
Galen Rupp Shatters American 10K Record Duncan Larkin / September 16, 2011
Galen Rupp is the new owner of the American 10,000m record. Photo: PhotoRun.net
American Morgan Uceny runs world-leading 1500m time at the same meet.
American distance-running history was made Friday night at the Diamond League Meeting in Brussels, Belgium. In the men's 10,000 meters, former University of Oregon standout Galen Rupp shattered the American record, running a blazing 26:48.00.
The previous mark was held by Chris Solinsky who ran 26:59.60 last May in Stanford, California.
The 25-year-old Rupp is now the 16th-fastest 10,000m runner in history.
Rupp's amazing performance took place amidst a highly competitive field that included world-record holder Kenenisa Bekele, as well as top-class Kenyans Lucas Rotich, Eliud Kipchoge, and Geoffrey Kirui.
Bekele, who had been injured this year and dropped out of the 10,000m final at the World Championships in Daegu, went on to win the race with a world-leading 26:43.16, while Lucas Rotich was second in 26:43.98. Newly minted American-record holder Rupp took third.
During the race, Rupp stayed with the leaders through 5K (13:26.63). And, according to a report filed on Letsrun.com, he managed to run the final 1600m in a blazing 4:11. Bekele, always known for his finishing kick, took over the lead in the penultimate lap.
In other Brussels Diamond League news, American Morgan Uceny won a hotly contested women's 1500m final in 4:00.06. Her time puts her at number one in the world this year.
During the race, Uceny took the lead with 200m to go, passing Morocco's Mariem Alaoui Selsoul who ended up finishing .71 seconds behind. Third place went to Bahrain's Maryam Yusuf Jamal (4:01.40).
Whip Count Day 1 Committed Leaning Yes Undecided Leaning No Against Howard Berman Jerry Costello Elijah Cummings Keith Ellison Alan Grayson Mazie Hirono Jim McDermott Jerrold Nadler Henry Waxman Peter Welch Robert Wexler David Wu John Yarmuth Corrine Brown Sam Farr Dave Reichert
Yesterday we kicked off our citizen whip count effort to demand that a public option be part of any health care reform, and introduced our new Whip Count Tool.
Phoenix Woman's diary on the whip effort went all the way to the top of the recommended list over at Kos, and nyceve has one that is climbing there right now.
Remember — we're not just asking them to support a public plan that is 1) nationwide, 2) available from day one and 3) answerable to the voters and Congress. We're asking them to commit to vote against anything that does not have these three features.
That's where the power is — 40 votes against anything else can keep a bad bill from passing.
We'll be following the news today over at the Silo with NYCeve, Marisa McNee, Dave Meyer & everyone who is calling.
Use Our Public Plan Whip Tool
Updated: October 5, 2017
Since we first looked at the data, the CDC has published new findings, with new data from 2016 available. It's only gotten worse, but state rankings have changed. Read on.
With the popularity of hookup apps like Tinder and Grindr, finding casual sex partners has never been easier, but the increasing convenience of enjoying one-nighters has come with a cost: STD rates are surging in the U.S. like never before. Check out the full details and study below.
In alarming news for sexually active singles, CDC reports found that STD rates rose again in 2016, reaching an all-time high by topping 2015 figures, which previously stood as the worst year for STDs in the U.S. The problem is so bad that many experts are labeling the surge in STD rates a national epidemic.
In order to keep you informed about which areas pose the greatest risk, we compiled a nationwide ranking of states by the frequency of STD infection. This report was created by taking local county and state health data, social media surveys, and CDC data on the rate of incidents per 100k residents for the two most common STDs, gonorrhea and chlamydia, and calculating a weighted average between the two. The results may surprise you.
Compared to our earlier 2016 rankings, perhaps the biggest story from the 2016 CDC data is the increase in reported gonorrhea cases. The top ten worst states all experienced a rise in the rate of gonorrhea per 100k residents. In Alaska (#1), Mississippi (#2) and Georgia (#4), the rate rose by more than 40 per 100k, enough for Alaska to maintain its status as the worst state in U.S. for STDs, and for the latter two states to move up several positions in the rankings. The across-the-board increase in gonorrhea infection is startling, and many experts attribute it to the rising prevalence of antibiotic-resistant strains of the disease.
Chlamydia rates also rose in most states, and remains the most common STD in the nation, which is often attributed to the fact that most people infected do not experience symptoms.
Some states were hit hard in 2016: Delaware's (#9) rate of chlamydia infection increased by over 60 per 100k, enough to bring it into the top ten. Mississippi's infection rate jumped by a whopping 91.9 per 100k, pushing it up to #2 overall.
Other states fared better, including North Carolina (#7), Louisiana (#2) and New Mexico (#5) which all experienced a decrease in chlamydia infections per 100k.
The state moving up the highest in the rankings is Maryland, jumping up six spots from #24 to #18, owing to significantly elevated rates of both gonorrhea and chlamydia. Next is Delaware, climbing five spots from #14 to #9. There is a four-way tie between Georgia (#4), Indiana (#23), Virginia (#25) and North Dakota (#26) for third greatest increase as they all moved up three places in the rankings.
Hawaii experienced the greatest drop in the rankings, falling eight spots from #20 to #28 due to a decrease in the chlamydia rate per 100k residents. Three states — Texas (#16), Tennessee (#22), and Michigan (#27) — fell four spots each, while three others–North Carolina (#6), Colorado (#30), Vermont (#50) — went down three spots.
Significantly, thirty states either maintained their previous position or only moved one place in the overall rankings.
The Most Sexually Diseased States
Share the News
The first block of East Mount Royal Avenue was once home to the movie star Francis X. Bushman, a Baltimore native who played Messala in the 1925 version of Ben-Hur and lived in the penthouse of what is now the Towne Building. The Zell Motor Car Company, a Packard dealership, occupied the building's first level and advertised with a large sign on the roof.
Now Bushman's former home at 11 E. Mount Royal Avenue is about to be reborn as part of Baltimore's next mixed-use development, serving people who want to live and work in midtown, close to the University of Baltimore campus and Penn Station.
Zahlco Development, headed by Yonah Zahler, has acquired the Towne Building at 11 East Mount Royal Avenue and nearby properties at 1 East Mount Royal Avenue and 7 East Preston Street from a longtime owner, the Kaplan family.
Zahler plans to renovate the Towne Building, which he says is currently about 60 percent occupied, for continued use as 24,000 square feet of offices, with 8,000 square feet of retail or restaurant space at street level. The estimated cost is $4 million to $5 million.
He plans to demolish a relatively non-descript, three-story building at 1 East Mount Royal Avenue and replace it with a 64-unit apartment building with one retail space and 41 parking spaces. The cost is $12 million to $15 million, and the estimated completion date is fall of 2018.
The parcel at 7 E. Preston Street, a parking lot, will be reserved for future development.
Baltimore's Commission for Historical and Architectural Preservation has been reviewing Zahlco's plans since the properties are part of the Mount Vernon-Belvedere historic district. In November, it approved an application to raze the three-story building. Last week, it gave preliminary approval to designs for the replacement structure. Kann Partners is the architect for the new building and the renovated office building.
Zahler said he expects to start demolition of the three-story office building in February or March and begin building the apartments afterward. He said he is aiming to appeal to young professionals and others who want to live in the Mount Vernon/Midtown area and close to the University of Baltimore and the train station. He also plans to start renovating the Towne Building this year and even wants to put a Zell sign on top of the building.
“We think it's a great location,” he said. Across the street from the university's $100 million law center and two blocks from the train station, “it has great visibility.”
The Mount Royal Avenue development is one of several that Zahlco has underway in Baltimore.
The company is building apartments at the southwest corner of Calvert and Read streets, former site of a Baltimore Sun newspaper truck garage and a fire-damaged townhouse.
Zahlco also owns and is renovating the former Congress Hotel at 306 West Franklin Street, now 36 apartments. Like the Towne Building with its connections to Bushman, the Congress housed a wide range of actors and other traveling performers over the years, including Bob Hope, Al Jolson, and the Marx Brothers.
Henslee Conway Real Estate has a new name and website
Henslee Conway Real Estate is now Conway Real Estate.
The company was founded in 2012 by Anne Henslee and Missy Conway. Conway said the name changed because she bought out Henslee's share of the company as of January 1 and wanted the name to reflect the change. Located at 6301 North Charles Street, Suite 1, the company also has a new website address: www.ConwayRealtors.com.
Conway, who is the broker for Conway Real Estate, said Henslee sold her share of Henslee Conway because she wanted to focus on being a real estate agent. Conway said the split was amicable and Henslee has joined Cummings & Co. She said the 12 other agents who were at Henslee Conway before the change will stay at Conway Real Estate, and the company recently added two more agents, both from Keller Williams.
Conway said she started the business with the goal of creating an independent, locally-owned firm that could work all over the Baltimore area. She said she has found that it's possible for smaller firms to compete effectively with large franchises because so much of the information that agents need is on the internet.
“There isn't anything the ‘big box' companies can do that we can't do,” she said. “The internet has really leveled the playing field.
Attendance up at Pandora Ice Rink
The Pandora Ice Rink at Baltimore's Inner Harbor attracted close to 19,000 skaters during the 2016-17 season, which began November 11 and ended January 16, according to the Waterfront Partnership of Baltimore. That's 1,000 more skaters than last year, the partnership reports.
Among the groups that visited the rink this season were Living Classrooms, Towson University, Thomas Johnson Middle School, the Thomas Johnson Special Education Department, and Under Armour.
Janet Marie Smith gets national recognition
Janet Marie Smith, a stadium design expert who lives in Baltimore and works in Los Angeles, is getting more than frequent flyer miles for her effort.
Smith is one of six people who was named to the SportsBusiness Journal's list of Champions: Pioneers & Innovators in Sports Business for 2017.
Smith represented the Baltimore Orioles while the team was building Oriole Park at Camden Yards and played a key role in its design and execution. She worked with the Atlanta Braves on the conversion of the 1996 Olympic Stadium to Turner Field and with the Boston Red Sox on the preservation and upgrading of Fenway Park. Since 2012, she has been a senior vice president of the Los Angeles Dodgers.
A Sydney teenager whose forceful arrest at last year's Sydney Mardi Gras parade sparked community outrage has been awarded nearly $40,000 in costs and plans to ride atop a float at this year's celebration.
Jamie Glenn Jackson Reed, 19, is planning to sue police for damages over the incident on March 3 last year, in which he was thrown to the ground on Oxford Street and later charged with resisting and assaulting officers and using offensive language in public.
Video footage of the latter part of the confrontation with police last year was captured on a mobile phone and showed Constable Leon Mixios slamming Mr Jackson Reed, then 18, to the ground while he was in handcuffs.
The footage amassed more than one million hits on YouTube in less than a week, drawing accusations of police brutality and sparking an internal police inquiry and a protest on the steps of Surry Hills police centre.
DATE: May 16, 2014 | BY: David Wharton | Category: Sci-Fi
With all the hubbub over Star Wars: Episode VII and the de-canonization of the Star Wars Expanded Universe, there's been plenty to dig into and debate about, but there's one intriguing possibility that's just floated back to the top of the rumor mill. When the big news came in October 2012 that Disney had purchased Lucasfilm (and thus Star Wars), once I picked my jaw up off my keyboard, one of the first thoughts I had was, “I wonder if this means they'll finally re-release the unaltered, un-Special Edition-ed original trilogy?” So far there's been nothing official on that front, but a credible-sounding rumor suggests that very thing may be on the horizon.
The rumor of the day comes from Bleeding Cool, who claim to have “intercepted” an email from within Disney's marketing department, a message that suggests the Mouse is indeed planning the high-def home video release for Star Wars, The Empire Strikes Back, and Return of the Jedi that fans have been clamoring about for years. Up until now their pleas fell on the deaf ears of George Lucas, who seemed to have no interest whatsoever in giving the fans what they wanted. (That could be said about just about anything Star Wars after 1999 or so…)
But now that George is busy playing Jenga with stacks of gold bars, Disney has a brand spankin' new Star Wars trilogy on the horizon, so what better way to drive excitement right clean into the stratosphere than to make fans' dreams come true at long last? Just imagine: No horrible digital Jabba. No interminable musical numbers. No Force Ghost Hayden Christensen.
Han.
Shoots.
First.
By all accounts the new trilogy is going to be very closely tied to the original — i.e., the one everybody actually likes — so it would make perfect sense to get those films out on Blu-ray and DVD sometime during the run-up to Episode VII's December 18, 2015 theatrical release. Hell, Disney could even get two or more releases out of it. Not all of the changes made in the so-called Special Editions were bad, so maybe offer a “Special-ish Edition” that keeps some of the technical upgrades but nixes anything egregious. They could use focus groups: just put some die-hard Star Wars fans in a room, start playing the Special Editions, and whenever they start punching things and swearing in Aurebesh, you know that's a scene that needs to hit the cutting-room floor.
Whether Bleeding Cool's specific lead is genuine or not, I think an eventual re-release for the unaltered original trilogy is inevitable. This is Disney, a company that's made billions off re-releasing old classics before putting them back “into the vault.” You can't tell me they aren't going to take advantage of the boatloads of money a proper Star Wars original trilogy re-release would bring them. To say nothing of the fact that Disney would instantly win the goodwill of many Star Wars fans who've grown jaded and cynical thanks to the umpteen Special Editions and the prequels. Their hearts would grow three sizes that day. And they might get in line for Episode VII even if they don't like J.J. Abrams. (You know most of them are going to be anyway, in spite of their protestations.)
It's all just rumor and speculation at this point, but I'd say this is as close to a sure thing as you're likely to get from the rumor mill. If Disney hasn't given us the unaltered original Star Wars trilogy on Blu-ray by the time Episode VII hits theaters, it might be time to put Mickey out to pasture…he's clearly lost his mojo.
ZURICH/LONDON (Reuters) - A proposal to prohibit the Swiss National Bank from selling any of its gold reserves has the support of 44 percent of the public, a closely watched survey showed on Friday, though that result falls short of the backing it needs to pass into law.
A poster in favour of "No" vote for the "Save our Swiss gold" referendum is displayed before a news conference in Bern October 23, 2014. REUTERS/Ruben Sprich
The group behind the opinion poll also said support was likely to diminish as a Nov. 30 vote on the measure approaches.
That proposal has sparked jitters in both gold and currency markets. If approved, the SNB would have to massively bolster its gold holdings, which stood at 1,040 tonnes this month according to the World Gold Council, representing 7.8 percent of reserves.
The right-wing Swiss People's Party (SVP) proposed the measure, which would require the SNB to hold at least 20 percent of its assets in gold. It would also prevent the bank from selling any of its gold, even if the ratio of gold to other assets climbs above 20 percent.
To get to 20 percent, the SNB would have to go on a buying spree that could push gold prices significantly higher. It could also endanger the three-year cap on the value of the Swiss franc against the euro imposed by the SNB to prevent the Swiss currency from appreciating, ward off deflation and boost growth.
The poll, conducted by Berne-based research institute gfs.bern in partnership with Swiss broadcaster SRG, found that 44 percent of respondents favored the initiative, short of the majority needed for passage, while 39 percent opposed it. Of those asked, 17 percent were undecided or gave no answer.
Authors of the study, which comes after an online poll on Tuesday by free Swiss daily newspaper 20 Minuten showed a similar result, said it expected opposition to eat away at support for the SVP's proposal as the vote approaches.
“Increasing opposition during an election campaign corresponds with the normal scenario for a public initiative,” the study read.
The study, the most reliable polling yet ahead of the vote, also said the public was still at the early stages of making up its mind over the proposal and that this could significantly alter the final result.
SNB OPPOSITION
If it is adopted, the government would have up to three years to write the proposal into law, subject to consultation with stakeholders. The SNB would then have five years to up its holdings to at least 20 percent.
The SVP gold initiative is opposed by the Swiss government, the central bank and several influential parties, and one of the SNB's board members this week again stressed its disagreement with the proposal.
“We're taking this extremely seriously,” Fritz Zurbruegg told a public conference at the Graduate Institute in Geneva on Tuesday.
“The SNB doesn't (normally) take a stand in politics. This is an initiative that we feel would seriously impair our ability to fulfill our legal mandate. This will seriously affect how we exercise monetary policy.”
Gold prices are little changed so far this year after plunging 28 percent in 2013, dramatically ending a more than decade-long bull run. A “yes” vote, leading to sustained official sector buying, would likely have a significant price impact.
“Implications of this could be quite dramatic for the gold price, and maybe for markets beyond gold,” UBS strategist Beat Siegenthaler said, speaking before the poll result was released.
“It's really an attempt to return to some kind of gold standard, for those who don't trust paper money and who want gold backing it up.”
Central banks were heavy sellers of gold until recently, cashing in on an asset that had languished near $300 an ounce for a decade before slipping to a 20-year low in 1999.
The same gfs.bern poll also showed a majority of Swiss voters are against plans to place severe limits on immigration and population growth.
SALT LAKE CITY — Mayor Jackie Biskupski married fiancee Betty Iverson over the weekend.
"Yesterday our family was brought together by marriage," the first-term Salt Lake City mayor wrote in a Facebook post Monday. "We have always been bonded by love, but now we are joined by law."
Biskupski, the city's first openly gay mayor, announced her engagement to Iverson last December after defeating two-term Mayor Ralph Becker in a high-profile mayoral race.
Biskupski's adopted son, Archie, 6, now has Iverson's adopted son, Jack, 11, as a big brother.
Iverson, from Colorado, is director of government affairs for the health care company Johnson & Johnson.
Kate Kendell, executive director of the National Center for Lesbian Rights, performed the private ceremony, according to the Facebook post.
Kendell also represented same-sex couples who sued Utah in 2014 for the right to marry.
"As our dear friend (Kendell) highlighted while performing the ceremony, our family and families like ours have come so far to make joyous days like this possible," Biskupski wrote. "We truly are stronger together."
×
Photos
If Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert and their “competing” Washington D.C. rallies don't have your attention by now, you a) have just woken up from a 25-year coma b) live in a shack in Montana where you are working on your great anti-technology manifesto, or c) are among the 4 percent of the population who truly believes President Obama might actually have been born in the Alpha Centauri solar system.
When both Big Os — Oprah and Obama — endorse your Rally to Restore Sanity, you know you might be on to something. Since Sept. 16, when Stewart announced his Oct. 30 rally, along with Stephen Colbert's satirical March to Keep Fear Alive, 180,000 people on Facebook have said they plan to attend the event, while another 100,000 have said they might.
Public Citizen plans to be there, and we've been encouraging people to submit ideas for signs that we'll hand out at the rally on the National Mall. We plan to pick the slogan that we think best sums up the message we want to share with the throngs of people who will be packed in front of the Lincoln Memorial. So far, more than 3,000 slogans have been entered in our “What Sign Should I Bring to Jon Stewart's ‘Rally to Restore Sanity' ” contest. Another 1,000 people have joined the accompanying Facebook page, and hundreds more are spreading the word on Twitter with the hashtag #signs4sanity.
Picking the best one is going to be difficult. We'll be asking our Facebook fans to help, but in the end, we may have to resort to the old picking a slogan out of a hat method. You can read the thousands of sign suggestions and enter your own at www.citizen.org/jon-stewart-sanity-rally-signs.
Generally, the sign suggestions fall into five categories:
The ones that don't make a lot of sense — “If you were around when there were more Indians, you'd probably be purple by now. Oh, wait, you are almost purple!”;
The really angry — “I can't (f***ing) stand intolerance!” and “Being stupid and uninformed are not something to brag about”;
The funny but somewhat inappropriate — “Are you frowning because you don't want to look gay?” ” Tea Parties are for little girls and their dolls.” “Don't teabag me bro.” “Bend over America, this will only take a generation”;
The satirical and self-deprecating — “I thought there was going to be cake.” ” Too Poor to Buy a Politician.” “Whatever.” “I'VE HAD ALL I CAN STAND AND I CAN'T wait to read about this during my lunch break at work unless it's super busy”; and
The ones we actually might pay to have printed on signs — “I believe in the separation of corporation and state.” “Immigrants didn't steal our jobs, multinational corporations shipped them overseas.” “Of course you're depressed, the rich tricked you.” “Can't we all just smoke a bong?” (Whoops, how did that one get in there?)
We've also noticed some debate on Facebook among our supporters asking if we should even be promoting the Stewart/Colbert rallies. Stewart has referred to his rally as the Million Moderate March, and we at Public Citizen — and progressives in general — tend to fall left of the middle ground Stewart is trying to claim. We usually don't support compromising our progressive principles in the name of bipartisan cooperation. We have never stopped fighting for a national single-payer health plan, for instance.
However, we get it. Stewart is a comedian. We laugh at his jokes but Stewart isn't necessarily “one of us” — i.e., a progressive activist. But face it, he consistently exposes right-wing demagoguery for what it is. Is there anyone else out there with as big of an audience who calls out FOX News and Glenn Beck with such humor and dead-on accuracy? We don't have to agree with everything he says (and we thought his jab at our Code Pink friends was a little uncalled for) but we can't discount his influence on mainstream America. He may be the most important foil we have to the craziness and fear-mongering of the right-wing fringe.
We think his rally is going to be huge, Woodstockesque even (an estimated 500,000 people attended that). Dozens of colleges are situated within a couple hours drive to Washington, D.C. Hundreds more are within an eight-hour road trip, including a northeast corridor easily connected to D.C. by bus and train. Huffington Post boss Arianna Huffington has even promised to provide as many buses as are needed to bring people from Manhattan to D.C. for the rally. That's not even taking into account the number of high school kids in the region who will be coming either with their hipster parents or by themselves. And did we mention it was a Halloween party weekend? Stewart and Colbert are going to turn D.C. into Mardi Gras on the Mall.
So yes, it's going to be big. But will it be socially or politically transformative? That's the million-dollar question. Public Citizen will be at the rally handing out signs and hoping to get in the ears of what should be a receptive audience. We think there's a lot of common ground when it comes to fighting the corporate takeover of our elections, advocating cleaner, greener sources of energy and holding government accountable to We, the People.
Still, anyone can wave a sign for an afternoon. It's the message we hope they take home with them.
Joe Newman is the deputy director of communications for Public Citizen. Follow him on Twitter @cosmicsmudge.
Climbing your dream alpine route comes down to two things: the right partner and the right moment. Tim Neill has some tips on how to find both.
The solid foundation of any good alpine trip is your climbing partner. I was lucky that my first trips were with my best mate and regular climbing partner from home. We climbed together at home in Snowdonia, on rock and snow (when there was any), and had similar aspirations and strengths.
We knew each other totally – from comfort levels on technical terrain to moods. On reflection, this is what made our trips so successful, with back-to-back routes and great summits. We were both 100% for each plan and shared all decisions. So, when you meet someone like this, this is your time, as they say. Make the most of it.
We achieved a lot on those early trips, with plenty of variety too. Whether it was our laid-back ethos, I'm not sure, but if conditions didn't look good, we did something else: either a shorter or easier climb, or sometimes just headed south to Ceüse. It's important to have ambitions, but in the mountains they have to be realistic.
Because we climbed together at home, we were able to prepare well for the Alps together. Although we were totally obsessed rock climbers, we mixed it up before each summer trip away. We did lots of easy long routes (often in big boots with a pack), whatever the weather, and in the winter we'd often climb lots of easier routes, rather than one tricky one.
We'd bivy at the crags and top off our fitness regime with lots of long hill-walks, running and biking. The result was a good team: able to move efficiently on all types of mountain terrain, whether soloing on easy ground, moving together or swinging leads. We developed a good, safe system for abseils, and felt comfortable down-climbing on snow and rock.
But the one thing we didn't have – like many Brits – was good crevasse-rescue skills. We knew enough to rope up when the glacier was snow covered, and to keep the rope tight in obviously crevassed terrain, and I think we knew how to prussic back up the rope.
We definitely didn't know how to make a good belay in snow, how to transfer someone's weight onto to it, and whether to haul them out or check if they were OK. I'm glad we had the good sense to minimise the risk in the first place, but I shudder to think what could've happened had our luck ran out. If you do touch the void, it's good to have a fighting chance of sorting it out, but avoiding the touch in the first place is the best way to roll.
WATCH: Alpine Essentials DVD trailer on BMC TV
When people ask what routes to try on their first trip, I'll say choose something modest, well within your grade and inspiring. Obviously we didn't do this. We walked up from the valley to the Frendo Spur, through a lot of fresh snow, got a bit strung out, hugged on the top and walked back down. Whilst it was a big learning curve, we were very lucky, and this was the last route I did that went over guidebook time.
On every alpine climb you do, you'll refine your skills and realise what kit you used, and what you didn't. We took the same amount of stuff on the Frendo as I took on my Duke of Edinburgh expedition and consequently went heavy and slow. Yet, a few years ago, I climbed a snowy Fitzroy, in Patagonia, with less stuff than I'd take for a day's winter cragging in the Scotland.
On the Frendo we took a Trangia stove (lol), couscous, cheap chocolate, Lipton tea bags and sleeping bags more suitable for Glastonbury. Oh, and enough of a rack to aid climb on El Cap. I remember the big sleeping bag and not enjoying the bivvy food too much. Last summer on a blast up the Peuterey Integral, we had a Jetboil, Tetleys, soup, sausage, pasta and Haribos, (yum) no sleeping bags and the rack you'd take for a quick route on Stanage. We were fast and well fuelled. How times change!
The Alps are huge. I'd suggest thinking about what you and your partner really want to do, and what you're capable of. Choose somewhere that suits you, with lots of options, both modest and challenging. Go with the flow, but be ready! I've got plenty of routes that I still want to do, and I'm just waiting for the right moment. Good luck finding yours.
IFMGA Mountain Guide Tim Neill presented the 2012 BMC Alpine Lectures with Nick Bullock. Tim works part-time at Plas y Brenin, spending the rest of his time cragging or guiding clients. For guiding in Snowdonia, Scottish winter and throughout the Alps contact timneill@ymail.com.
Expert Q&A This issue's expert is IFMGA Mountain Guide Steve Long. Passionate about climbing and sharing his knowledge, Steve is Technical Officer for Mountain Training UK and heavily involved with international training standards. Q. How did you start alpine climbing? A. My first interest was from books like The White Spider, The Hard Years, I Chose to Climb and Alan Blackshaw's Mountaineering. My first real trip was on the BMC bus (a discounted and discontinued London to- Chamonix bus service). Q. What was your narrowest escape? A. That trip was a massive learning curve. My first proper route was also the Frendo Spur. It's arguably the hotspot for British accidents: it's long, serious and no place for an Alpine novice. I made several errors: picking up a stranger on the campsite as a partner, getting lost on the crevasse approach and falling near the top – resulting in a broken wrist and hanging bivouac. If I could start again, I'd go on a Conville course. Q. What style of alpine climbing does British climbing prepare you for? A. Getting benighted! But us Brits are also pretty good at placing runners and setting up belays with leader-placed gear. We also tend to find the ice routes technically straightforward. Big-wall climbing suits, because there's still a place for the slow and steady approach. Q. What skills do new alpinists lack? A. Efficient movement: glacier travel, fast change-overs at belays and route-finding. Novices tend to unnecessarily change into rock shoes on relatively easy ground, or in and out of crampons. There is a tendency to carry too much kit, to tackle fairly technical routes at altitude, and then find that the routes seem to go on for ever. Alpine routes are much bigger than our routes, so build up experience gradually. Us Brits also bivy too much; if there's a hut available, use it and travel light. Q. Top tips for the budding alpinist? A. Get a feel by bagging some easy peaks first, ideally with an experienced friend with a good track record. Alternatively, get some tuition from a Guide. Conville Trust courses are a cost-effective way of achieving this, but places are in high demand. Build up gradually, increasing altitude, commitment or technical difficulty one at a time. That's why the Frendo Spur is such a bad idea for a novice: it's got all three on the same route!
Further info British Mountain Guides Looking for a British Mountain Guide? Check out the BMG: the national body for IFMGA Mountain Guides. www.bmg.org.uk BMC Alpine Essentials DVD Packed with information and advice on all the skills and techniques you need for alpine climbing. shop.thebmc.co.uk Conville Alpine Courses Subsidised alpine training courses for younger climbers. www.jcmt.org.uk
Check out our essential alpine know how
Read more climb skills articles
Are you serious?
Get Alpine & Ski cover: just £160 for the year.
There's snow joke here: BMC Travel Insurance is serious about making sure our members are covered for any occurrence, which is why we provide £10 million emergency medical cover. And this winter, with 15% off all annual Alpine & Ski policies in Europe, you can get yearly cover for just £160*.
Years of experience
We've been insuring adventurers like you for over 30 years. That's why all of our policies come with:
24-hour emergency assistance helpline
£10 million emergency medical cover
£100,000 search, rescue and recovery cover
£10,000 personal accident cover
£5,000 cancellation cover
£2,500 baggage cover
WATCH: BMC Insurance: built for the mountains
Want to know more? READ: 5 reasons why you need BMC Travel Insurance
*Policy details: Offer valid for policies purchased until 1 March 2019. £160.70 for annual alpine multi-trip (45 day limit for each single trip) European insurance up to age 44, and £168.74 for ages 45 to 69.
« Back
In Jordan Cox's view, it was a waste of money. The high, he said, was more like the head rush he got taking his first drag off a cigarette in middle school; not at all like smoking weed.
Cox was smoking something his friends called “spice,” a mixture of dried herbs sprayed with a synthetic cannabinoid that mimicked the effects of THC, the psychoactive ingredient in marijuana. At least, it was supposed to feel like smoking pot.
“It was fake and you could tell,” said Cox, a 22-year-old Georgia college student. “The high was delayed, but it was nothing intense or unmanageable.”
Spice is one common name for a whole range of products sold legally in head shops, gas stations, and smoking stores across the nation. The small, square pouches of dried plant matter bear names such as “K4,” “Spice Gold” and “Mojo.” Each package says the contents are incense, the absence of any scented ingredients notwithstanding. On the back of the pouch is a stark warning, the final brick in the wall surrounding the manufacturer from liability: “Not For Human Consumption.”
But rest assured it sometimes is consumed.
According to Dr. Ryan Stanton, an American College of Emergency Physicians spokesperson who worked in ERs in Kentucky, anyone smokes synthetic marijuana products is “turning themselves into a human guinea pig.”
Apparently, some of these guinea pigs find the products innocuous enough, while others have an unpleasant experience indeed.
“We've seen quite a bit of it [in the emergency room],” Dr. Stanton said. “They come in with racing heart rates, hallucinations and nausea. It's pretty frightening for those involved.”
The trouble is, synthetic cannabinoids have never been tested on humans and are not FDA approved, says Dr. Westley Clarke, Director of the Center for Substance Abuse Treatment in the Department of Health and Human Services.
“Who knows how many hands they have passed through, how they've been adulterated or modified,” Clarke said about the compounds included in products such as K4. “You never know what's in them. They are underground manufactured, produced and distributed.”
“This is Russian roulette,” he added.
The Drug Enforcement Administration agrees and, in November 2010, classified five synthetic cannabinoid compounds as Schedule 1 drugs, making them illegal to purchase or sell. The DEA faces an uphill battle, however. While the administration banned what officials believe are the five most dangerous compounds, there are others. Manufacturers simply switched to different formulations.
According to Daniel Francis, Executive Director of the Retail Compliance Association, synthetic cannabinoids are not only safe but could be a valuable tool for medical researchers. Francis says synthetic cannabinoids are “extremely safe.”
“[Synthetic cannabinoids] have extraordinary capabilities in the lab to cure cancer and Alzheimer disease amongst many other disorders,” Francis wrote in an email.
“Not one death can be attributed to [synthetic cannabinoids], where peanuts for instance have killed well over 2000 people in the same time period,” he wrote.
However, Francis is worried that the DEA ban on synthetic marijuana will lead to a dangerous illicit drug market.
“[It] moves the citizen that wants the product from legitimate business to a clandestine drug dealer, no controls, no oversight, a most frightening of situations,” Francis wrote. “If the goal is to protect the youth, than prohibition is not the answer.”
Advocates of marijuana legalization are also adding their voices. In a recent interview with Politico, Paul Armentano, deputy director of the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws (NORML), said that banning synthetic marijuana would only make things worse.
"As prohibition is apt to do,” he said, “it has driven the production of a commodity into the hands of unregulated, unknown dealers, driven up the potency of the commodity, and in doing so created a scenario where the consumer is faced with a potentially greater health risks than they would be had they simply had the legal choice to use the product they actually desired, in this case cannabis. Given that most manufacturers of these products are overseas and not subject to U.S. laws and regulations, it is unlikely that the DEA's action will in any way halt the dissemination, use or misuse of these products among the public."
In Kentucky, Judge Jim Adams of the state's 3rd Judicial District has seen enough.
"It's a real problem," Judge Adams said. "They're having the same effects as marijuana."
Working with a local legislator, he helped pass a law that -- so far at least -- has completely banned synthetic marijuana in Kentucky and making possession of it a Class B misdemeanor.
"We took some pretty immediate steps to get it off the shelf," Judge Adams said.
Finding legal synthetic marijuana in other states isn't hard, however. One store, located in suburban Atlanta, is similar to many others that sell synthetic pot. It is covered floor-to-ceiling with porn, sex toys and glass pipes. There is no escaping the sight of it. Shoppers browse under the watchful eye of a burly, bearded man with hair to his shoulders who glare from behind the raised display counter that occupies the center of the store. There, tucked away on a rack behind the counter, are a handful of varieties of synthetic marijuana products.
The ingredients list on the back of the packages read like herbal remedy catalogs. There's verbascum thapsus, a flowering plant from Europe and North Africa to treat coughs and skin conditions; turnera diffusa, a shrub native to the Southwest historically used as an aphrodisiac; and artemesia vulgaris, often considered an invasive weed, but also used as an herbal remedy. But without any form of regulation of synthetic marijuana, experts say it is impossible to know exactly what you are smoking.
Online, websites such as legalhighs.net, legalbuds.com and herbalhighs.com all sell “herbal smoking mixtures.” The sites include reviews of the many different varieties and how similar their high feels to real marijuana.
The easy availability of synthetic marijuana products may be the catalyst for the dramatic increase in Spice-related calls to poison control centers in the last year. According to the American Association of Poison Control Centers, there were 2,874 calls about synthetic marijuana in 2010. As of April 2011, poison control centers have already reported 1,639 calls.
So what warning signs should parents be on the lookout for? Dr. Anthony Scalzo, Medical Director of the Missouri Poison Center says parents should keep an eye out for substances that look like incense in their kids' rooms. They should also watch to see if their children seem more anxious than usual.
Dr. Clarke says the Center for Substance Abuse Treatment is working to promote prevention.
“You don't want to wait until someone turns their car over or gets hurt,” he said. “The red flag to parents is, why are you smoking herbs?”
What experience have you had with fake weed?
After the controversial closing of its world-famous gender identity clinic, and the dismissal of Dr. Ken Zucker, its internationally renowned director, the Centre for Addiction and Mental Health has acknowledged to The Globe and Mail that a damaging account of an alleged exchange between a patient and Dr. Zucker was false.
An external review that reported the details of the incident and led to the clinic's closing has been pulled from the centre's website.
In an update added Friday evening to the site, CAMH now says, "We have been advised that [the review] includes an erroneous statement. CAMH was recently made aware that an individual who participated in the review process had mistakenly attributed comments to Dr. Ken Zucker which were not made by him."
Story continues below advertisement
The new paragraph concludes, "We regret that this statement was included in the report and apologize for the error."
Earlier this week, an online story published by New York Magazine reported that a patient who provided a written submission to the two-member review panel had misidentified Dr. Zucker, the prominent, long-time head of the clinic. In the review, the patient, now a transgendered adult, was quoted anonymously suggesting that "Dr. Zucker had asked him to remove his shirt in front of other clinicians present, laughed when he complied, and then referred to him as a 'hairy little vermin.' "
This was arguably the most professionally damaging portion of the 29-page review, which was commissioned by CAMH after concerns were raised about how the clinic was treating children and teenagers with gender identity issues. The review, now replaced with an "executive summary" on the website, suggested that the clinic's approach was "out of step with current clinical and operational practices," and was "overly conservative" in referring patients to medical interviews. It suggested certain updates were necessary, but did not explicitly call for the clinic to close.
However, CAMH told The Globe on Friday night that the "review did not happen in isolation and was not the only factor" in closing the clinic.
Dr. Zucker has published prolifically on gender identity, based on decades of research at CAMH. But he has become a polarizing figure in the field, as the treatment and cultural attitudes toward transgendered youth and adults has changed. Dr. Zucker, for instance, is on record in academic journals and interviews, suggesting that therapy should move slowly, exploring whether young children can be comfortable in their birth gender, particularly if it means avoiding surgery and lifelong hormone therapy. A growing number of clinicians, seeking in part to reduce the high rates of anxiety and depression in transgendered youth, support early social transition, which includes accepting and enabling children's desire to change their name and dress as they wish.
Dr. Zucker was dismissed, along with other staff at the clinic, in December, a month after the review was completed, and on the same day it was released to the public. His departure immediately precipitated a petition signed by hundreds of scientists and clinicians calling his dismissal unjust and defending his long-standing scientific work. Dr. Zucker has declined to comment to the media, directing questions to his lawyer.
In a revised executive summary now posted on its website, CAMH reiterates that based on the overall results of the review, the centre "accepts that it is now time to update and improve care" at the gender identity clinic. After the clinic's "winding down," the summary says, CAMH will reconsider its role in delivering services in the area, including by seeking input from former patients.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
"At present, the political climate is palpable," the new summary states in its concluding paragraph, "and this is an emotionally charged issue that would benefit from incorporating all evidence and voices."
To share your story, e-mail eanderssen@globeandmail.com or direct message her on Twitter @ErinAnderssen.
As we pass the halfway point of the NHL season and gallop toward the March 2 trade deadline, both the playoff races and general managers' need to make hard decisions — tank or go for it? buy, sell or stay pat? — intensifies.
Here, in brief, is a look at some of the rumours that made the NHL rounds this week.
Predators GM speaks out in support of Kessel
Remember when Team USA was a-flying during the preliminary rounds of the 2014 Olympics? Phil Kessel was on fire, and one of the architects of that club, Nashville's David Poile, remains a big fan.
Amidst the Kessel backlash this week — the Maple Leafs' core is under a microscope now that coach Randy Carlyle has been fired — Poile popped up on TSN radio and defended the sniper's talents and coachability. This raised eyebrows.
https://twitter.com/Hope_Smoke/status/553002513851752448
https://twitter.com/Hope_Smoke/status/553002951800004609
Hate to bring up old news, but it is worth noting that Poile was interested in trading for Kessel way back in 2009, when the star was a Boston Bruin.
—
Minnesota needs help in net
When Darcy Keumper isn't letting in goals that can't go in (coach Mike Yeo's words) or being placed on injured reserve, Niklas Backstom is posting a .893 save percentage. Josh Harding (AHL Iowa) isn't healthy enough for a return to the bigs, so will the Wild seek goaltending help to get the club back in the race?
“We're at a critical point right now. If we fall further back, it's going to be pretty difficult to get back in if you start getting eight, 10, 12 points back,” Wild general manager Chuck Fletcher told the Star-Tribune. “Nik is a proven, quality goaltender, and he's a guy who really hasn't had a great opportunity this year to play a string of games, so we'll start [Thursday] and see how it goes and make decisions from there.”
The Wild lost 4-2 Thursday to a division rival, Chicago. The gap widens.
Sources tell the Tribune‘s Michael Russo that the Wild have inquired about Carolina's Cam Ward (11-16-2, .914 save percentage).
—
The L.A. Kings must regret not buying out Mike Richards
The depth centre isn't producing (14 points in 41 games) and might be healthy-scratched Saturday.
Richards still carries a salary cap hit of $5.75 million for five more seasons. The Kings could've used an amnesty buyout on him last summer but may have still been giddy off a second Stanley Cup win. Richards is a winner, true, but an expensive one — more so considering the Kings' cap strain.
“I don't think you ever count him out, because if you're a team that thinks you can win and needs an extra piece, I think there are teams that look at Mike Richards and say he has value to be that extra piece,” Sportsnet's Elliotte Friedman said Friday. “I don't know how much interest there is. If they trade him, they're probably going to have to keep a bunch of money in that particular situation. But I do think the Kings are kind of looking around and they're testing Richards' value to see, ‘If we do want to do this, what can we get for him.'
“I'm sure they're calling and asking teams like Toronto and Winnipeg, where they think that maybe Richards would be willing to go, to test it. But I don't think it's going to be a very easy situation for them.”
—
Senators still want to be buyers
Heading into Friday night's action, the Ottawa Senators are eight points and three teams away from the final wild-card berth in the East. Also, the Columbus Blue Jackets are breathing down their neck with two games in hand and just one point behind.
Yet players like Clarke MacArthur still believe the club can get on a roll, positioning the Sens to buy come March.
“If you can get four or five wins in a row, then you're at least back to the No. 8 or No. 9 spot and then you can go from there,” MacArthur told the Ottawa Sun.
—
Coyotes deliver smackdown to Doan rumours
This is pretty great.
After a local sports Twitter feed threw out gossip of a Shane Doan trade in the works, the Arizona Coyotes' Twitter account had some fun putting the phony scoop to bed.
https://twitter.com/SportsHubAZ/status/553247055145996289
https://twitter.com/SportsHubAZ/status/553247249187106816
https://twitter.com/ArizonaCoyotes/status/553269986030927873
—
Log jam in St. Louis
With No. 1 Brian Elliott healthy again and Jake Allen too talented to try to slip past waivers, veteran Martin Broduer (3-3-0, .899 save percentage) — he of the bonus-heavy contract — could be the odd man out in St. Louis.
Our Mark Spector floats the idea of Brodeur going to Minnesota, a team unafraid of a short-term fix (see: Ilya Bryzgalov, 2014).
With 2016 now in the dust, it's now time to look ahead to 2017 in the world of MMA. Like every year I'm back with a pinch of salt and 20 bold predictions for the year ahead. After 2016 went relatively well, I'm predicting a big year of change upcoming.
1. Dana White stands down from his position as UFC president
2. Jon Jones fights Daniel Cormier and finishes him
3. There will be two new middleweight champions
4. Conor McGregor defends his lightweight title twice
5. Bjorn Rebney leaves the MMAAA
6. CM Punk wins an MMA fight
7. Ben Askren signs with Bellator
8. Tim Kennedy signs with Bellator
9. Brock Lesnar fights on the New Years card
10. Tom Duquesnoy becomes a ranked UFC fighter
11. Demetrious Johnson and Joanna Jedrzejczyk don't lose a single round
12. Ryan Curtis signs with the UFC
13. Ronda Rousey changes camp and fights again
14. A UFC champion is stripped of a belt due to a failed drug test
15. WSOF goes out of business
16. Mirsad Bektic fights for the featherweight title
17. Michael Venom Page loses a fight
18. Miesha Tate fights again
19. Sara McMann becomes a UFC champion
20. Chuck Liddell signs with Bellator
Medical scientist Howard Young's research has taken a dramatic, unexpected turn in the last few months, thanks to a serendipitous chain of events that could lead to a genetic test that can predict heart failure in certain people before it happens.
It started when members of his team, Delaine Ceholski and Cathy Trieber, discovered a new mutation in a protein called phospholamban, which they predicted would cause the heart to be less responsive to changes in the body and eventually lead to heart failure. One month after submitting their paper to the Journal of Biological Chemistry for review, their work was validated when - in completely separate research - the mutation was found in two patients in Brazil.
"We predicted it exactly," said Young, an associate professor in the Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry's Department of Biochemistry and researcher with the National Institute of Nanotechnology. "It's interesting, because as basic researchers you feel like you have to constantly defend your research and how relevant test-tube work is to patients... and then one day, to our surprise, we were right.
"I expected to be right, but not in the time frame that occurred. It happened quickly."
Shortly after that, Young was asked to speak at the Centennial Lectures, a speakers series offered by the faculty as a lead-up to the medical school's centennial year in 2013 to spotlight the translational work of its researchers.
Young was paired with cardiologist and researcher Justin Ezekowitz of the Department of Medicine. Each became interested in the work of the other, and now the two are pairing up to screen patients' blood samples for mutations in the phospholamban protein.
"If someone had asked me last September if we'd ever get into sequencing patients' genes and trying to discover mutants, I would say 'no, you're wrong,' " said Young. "But now we're very interested in starting large sequencing
studies to try and find more mutations." Through his research, Young thinks he has established good prediction models for heart disease. If his research group finds a mutation in phospholamban through blood screening, Young believes he can predict the severity of the mutation and whether or not it will be associated with disease.
"It will be truly personalized medicine," said Young. "If we know they [patients] have a mutation before disease, monitoring and early treatment could improve and extend the quality of life for these patients."
Young and researchers in his lab will look at blood samples from about 750 patients at the Mazankowski Alberta Heart Institute. Young expects to find at least two or three people with a mutation in phospholamban.
They'll also look for other mutations that have not been previously discovered. "There's a related protein to phospholamban in the skeletal muscle and the atria of the heart, so we're branching out and going to see if we can identify new mutations, because no mutations have been identified in that protein," he said.
###
The Commission on Presidential Debates confirmed on Friday that there were problems with Donald Trump's microphone during the first debate earlier this week.
After what many political observers regarded as a poor performance by the Republican presidential nominee that night, Trump pointed to microphone issues and theorised that he was given faulty equipment on purpose.
“They also had, gave me a defective mic,” Trump told reporters after the debate. “Did you notice that? My mic was defective within the room,. No, but I wonder, was that on purpose? Was that on purpose?”
The debate commission issued its brief statement on Friday confirming audio issues with Trump's microphone, but it did not provide many details.
“Regarding the first debate, there were issues regarding Donald Trump's audio that affected the sound level in the debate hall,” the statement said.
The day after the debate, Trump said his microphone was “going on and off” and that its volume was lower than that of the mic Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton had. He also complained of a crackling sound.
Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join
Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.
News that the Nepalese government is lowering the fee for climbing Mount Everest has set the mountaineering world abuzz. Last week, Nepal's Ministry of Culture, Tourism and Civil Aviation announced that it would cut the fee it charges during the spring season from $25,000 to $11,000 per climber.
Though still not cheap, the new fee structure would appear to make an Everest expedition somewhat more affordable and thereby available to more climbers. But veteran Himalayan guides say a closer look at the numbers tells a different story and raises old questions about safety and the economic health of the area surrounding the world's tallest mountain.
Since New Zealander Edmund Hillary and Sherpa Tensing Norgay stood atop Mount Everest's 29,035-foot (8,850-meter) peak in 1953, more than 4,000 people have followed. Many have paid upwards of $50,000 for the privilege. Ever since commercial guiding became popular on Everest during the 1990s, purists have complained that only the very rich can afford to scale the mountain.
Although there are numerous established climbing routes on Everest, which straddles the Nepal-China (Tibet) border, two routes see 99 percent of the traffic. The North Col route, which originates on the Tibetan side, is regulated by the Chinese government. It costs about one-third the Nepal price but requires more technical climbing near the summit and is attempted by far fewer climbers than the Southeast Ridge route, which rises from the Nepalese side.
View Images
In the past, Nepalese government fees for climbing via the Southeast Ridge during the spring were based on a sliding scale, with the cost per climber dropping to $10,000 per person once a team had seven members or more (up to the maximum of 15). Very few climbers paid the full $25,000 price tag. Instead, small climbing teams would bind together under the umbrella of one government permit. Beginning in 2015, when the new fees take effect, the Nepalese price for foreign climbers in groups on Everest will actually increase from $10,000 to $11,000.
Speaking to Reuters on Monday, Ministry of Culture, Tourism and Civil Aviation spokesperson Tilakram Pandey said, "The change in royalty rates will discourage artificially formed groups, where the leader does not even know some of the members of the team. It will promote responsible and serious climbers."
Critics Say Could Add to Crowding
Yes and no, say veterans of the Nepal climbing scene. For experienced alpinists who want to climb Everest as a part of a small, well-acquainted team, the change keeps costs down, although all teams—no matter their size—will still be required to hire a government liaison officer for $2,500 and pay $500 to $600 per climber for the "ice doctors," specially trained Sherpas who install the ladders and fixed lines up through the treacherous Khumbu Icefall.
However, critics of the plan say the pricing structure might encourage less experienced climbers to form small teams as well and could add to further crowding on the mountain. "If it increases the number of camps at Base Camp, subsequently increasing the need for services, from rescue helicopters to support staff, the overall impact to the upper Khumbu region will be negative," says Conrad Anker, who has summited Everest three times and co-founded the Khumbu Climbing Center, which trains Sherpas in technical mountaineering skills and safety. "Every place on Earth has a carrying capacity, and Everest is already over its limit."
To increase the mountain's carrying capacity would require significant investment in infrastructure and government services. Although the Nepalese government collects more than $3 million in Everest climbing fees every year, little of this cash returns to the region for conservation, regulation, or resource management.
"This increase in price will have little effect on the commercial guiding operations on Everest," says Russell Brice, owner and operator of Himalayan Experience, which has put more clients on the summit than any other guide service. "Frankly, an increase of $1,000 is overdue, given that inflation in Nepal is running at 17 percent. Of course, we wish that this money would go back to the Khumbu, but it won't. The government is simply too corrupt."
While one intended effect of the new climbing fees is to reduce the number of climbers on Everest during the popular spring season by significantly reducing the fees for climbing in the less popular fall and summer seasons, Brice is skeptical this will make any difference.
"The chances of summiting Everest in the fall, with deep snow, colder temperatures, and shorter days, is significantly less than in the spring," he says. "Climbing in the summer or winter is even worse. No one will want to decrease their chances of success."
View Images To save on fees, small teams often climb together under one government permit. Photograph by Andy Bardon, National Geographic
Other Measures, Other Peaks
Brice does commend other measures that the Nepalese government is implementing this year. In the past, the government liaison officers typically made perfunctory appearances at Base Camp to check in with their assigned teams before returning to their offices in the lowlands. This spring, nine liaison officers will be stationed at Base Camp, presumably to help monitor waste management, garbage collection, and traffic along the route—vexing issues that Everest watchers complain have long been ignored by the government. Brice and Anker are hopeful that this contingent could form the basis of a ranger system, something they and other veteran climbers have long called for.
Lost in the discussion of Everest is the news that the revised pricing structure also will reduce climbing fees for other mountains in Nepal—which in addition to Everest is home to seven other 26,000-foot (8,000-meter) peaks. Furthermore, mountains that were previously off-limits now will be open to climbing. In an ever-shrinking world, this comes as welcome news for those who long for unexplored valleys and unconquered summits.
Spread the love
By John Vibes
The limitless possibilities of new technology are allowing people to fight back against police abuse like never before. Not only can people record occurrences of police brutality, but there are also dozens of apps that are designed to help you stay a few steps ahead of “the man”.
Out of the many helpful apps that can be found on Cop Block's apps page, a GPS app called “Waze” is one of the most helpful for pinpointing the location of police and reporting police sightings to other drivers. When someone sees a police car or a speed trap somewhere along their route, they can make a report alerting other drivers in the area about the police activity.
There is even an option that allows you to type in a message that gives a better description of where the police are and what they are doing. This option also allows activists to send out witty messages to their fellow travelers, such as, “warning: state mercenaries extorting civilians near exit 7”.
There are a few different GPS apps out there that have similar features, but Waze has the most users, making the reporting more frequent and accurate. Waze also awards points to people who make regular reports, encouraging everyone to stay active and warn other drivers of danger when they can.
A brief description on the app's website explains how Waze works.
“After typing in their destination address, users just drive with the app open on their phone to passively contribute traffic and other road data, but they can also take a more active role by sharing road reports on accidents, police traps, or any other hazards along the way, helping to give other users in the area a ‘heads-up' about what's to come. In addition to the local communities of drivers using the app, Waze is also home to an active community of online map editors who ensure that the data in their areas is as up-to-date as possible.”
Download Waze today by searching “Waze” on the app finder in your phone, or try visiting www.waze.com
John Vibes is an author, researcher and investigative journalist who takes a special interest in the counter culture and the drug war. In addition to his writing and activist work he is also the owner of a successful music promotion company. In 2013, he became one of the organizers of the Free Your Mind Conference, which features top caliber speakers and whistle-blowers from all over the world. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can find his 65-chapter Book entitled “Alchemy of the Timeless Renaissance” at bookpatch.com.
In this Sept. 12, 2012 photo, President Obama, accompanied by then-secretary of state Hillary Rodham Clinton, speaks in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington. (AP Photo/Manuel Balce Ceneta)
Hillary Clinton is now formally a presidential candidate, to pretty much no one's surprise. One of the important challenges she faces is simple history: it has been difficult for a political party to hold the White House for more than two terms. The political scientist Alan Abramowitz, whose presidential election forecasting model explicitly includes this tendency, calls it the “time for a change” factor.
Now, new research offers an explanation for why a party's control of the White House so frequently ends after eight years. In short, it's about policy. And this poses a challenge for Clinton because the Obama administration's key policy achievements are distinctly out of step with the trend in public opinion. If voters in 2016 are suffering from “Obama fatigue,” his administration's liberal policies could be one reason.
The research is by University of Texas political scientist Christopher Wlezien. Drawing on one of his earlier studies, he first shows that the public tends to move in the opposite ideological direction as the incumbent in the White House. Under Republican presidents, public opinion tends to shift in the liberal direction. Under Democratic presidents, it tends to shift in the conservative direction.
As of 2012, public opinion was as conservative as it had been in decades, as Larry Bartels previously noted on this blog. This is based on the political scientist James Stimson's compilation of hundreds of survey questions that, taken together, capture the ideological “mood” of the country. Here is Bartels's graph of those data.
Graph by Larry Bartels
You can see the spike in the public's conservatism since Obama took office.
Wlezien then examines the relative prevalence of liberal and conservative laws passed under each administration. (See the paper for more on how those are identified.) He finds that, in general, liberal laws tend to out-number conservative laws. But this tendency is pronounced under Democratic presidents and grows more so after two terms in office. Here is his graph:
Graph by Christopher Wlezien
You can see the spike in liberal policies during Obama's first term.
Wlezien finds that this policymaking is correlated with presidential elections. When the ideological direction of policymaking deviates widely from the historical average, or from what we would expect based on the public's ideological mood, the incumbent party loses vote share. And once policymaking is taken into account, the simple impact of serving one vs. two terms in the White House — the “time for a change” factor — has a much smaller impact.
And so the challenge for Clinton is clear. Voters appear to punish the president's party for pushing policy in one direction while public opinion is heading in the opposite direction. And this is exactly what has happened under Obama.
SOE president John Smedley says that SOE's next MMO project will incorporate "sandbox elements" similar to those featured in Star Wars Galaxies.
Arguably one of the most painful MMO closures of the past few years was Star Wars Galaxies. While the game wasn't always beloved by all, it managed to accumulate a sizable and dedicated fan base that was heartbroken when Sony Online Entertainment announced that it would be shutting down in 2011. That being the case, SOE president John Smedley recently revealed that the company has an unannounced title in the works that, according to his statement, will be "dedicated to" fans of Star Wars Galaxies.
According to Smedley, the new MMO will be "a game that many of the old [Star Wars Galaxies] players will feel right at home in." The "at home" appeal will apparently come from the new game's freedom-based mechanics. "It's got a heavy amount of sandbox elements that made SWG what it was," explained Smedley. Sadly, Smedley was also able to confirm that the new MMO is "not a Star Wars game.
Not that we were expecting it to be one. It wasn't that long ago, of course, that Electronic Arts signed a long term deal with Disney giving it exclusive rights to make Star Wars video games. Put shortly, it would have taken some intense finagling on SOE's part to get the required permission needed to make a new MMO based in that universe. Add in the fact that EA is still trying to make money off of its own extravagantly expensive Star Wars MMORPG and we feel safe in saying that a Star Wars Galaxies 2 was never going to happen even if SOE wanted to make it. That said, the absence of a preexisting license almost makes this new game more interesting, as its creative options are arguably wider. In turn, we'll be watching and waiting to see what Smedley and friends have up their sleeves.
advertisement advertisement
Anyone who grew up in the 1980s grew up watching many of the same, 30-minute toy commercials known as Saturday morning cartoons. Those same children, in all likelihood, grew up in households where video games had become more a part of daily life. Consoles like the Nintendo Entertainment System and Sega Genesis together with the emergence of more games for the personal computer which was becoming more and more popular in homes made gamers of many of them. It seems only natural then that these two childhood memories, cartoons and video games, come together in this list of 80s cartoon IPs that, should a development studio CEO get nostalgic, would make for interesting MMORPGs.
#5 The Carebears
The Carebears, as a televison series, ran from 1985 until 1988. Different colored bears (and later other animals as well) with symbols on their stomachs go on missions of caring, fighting the forces of creatively named villains like No Heart and Professor Coldheart.
The list begins with an entry for the children's MMO category. The jokes that would come along with a Carebears MMO write themselves, but the actual concept behind the show might lend itself to a robust virtual world for young children. The conflict and ensuing combat within the original cartoon were both entertaining and sanitized enough to provide kids with hours of fun and designers a strong starting point for some core mechanics. Character creation would also be both simple and diverse; core creatures with an added color template and one of many distinctive tummy symbols and names that could be easily chosen from a list.
Argument for the Game's Creation:
Proposed Carebear character names: Ganker Bear, Pwnage Bear, Carebear Bear
#4 He-Man / She Ra
The original cartoons ran from 1983 - 1985 and 1985-1986 respectively. The twin brother and sister combo of heroes existed in a universe that was a bizarre mix of sword and shield fantasy with an edge of sci fi and lasers. He-Man came from a land called Eternia, defending the secrets of Castle Greyskull from Villains like Skeletor and Beastman with help from friends like Man At Arms and Man-E-Faces (because he had many faces). She-Ra, in similar fashion protects a world called Etheria from the (try to keep the WoW jokes to a minimum) evil Horde.
The sci fi / fantasy combination for the universe that these characters inhabited would make an interesting setting for an MMORPG. The stories of both series allows for adventures beyond those of the principle characters and would even give potential game designers options in terms of allowing cross realm play (good guys or bad guys). Sure, the main characters would have to play a part, but there was a lot to this fictional universe that went unexplored in the relatively short run of the series.
Argument for the Game's Creation:
Debate: Which would win in a fight? He-Man's Sword of Power or The Sword of a Thousand Truths?
#3 Robotech
When its three year run in North America began in 1985, Robotech was the most "grown up" of the potential games listed here, having been adapted to more closely resemble the depth and complexity of the original Japanese version. Robotech was set in a world where mankind had discovered a crashed alien starship and used its technology to develop giant robots that are capable of becoming a man-like robot, a jet, or a hybrid of the two.
Robotech is one of those names that gets constantly thrown around as a possible setting for an MMORPG. The show's mythology (which is actually three unrelated Japanese made shows mashed together with a new plot), would certainly allow for numerous Mech pilots to battle in three different "Robotech Wars," each against a distinct villain. A truly crafty development team could make good use of the three wars concept to give players an option as to which timeframe they would like to participate in. Still, it's giant transforming robot mechs. No matter which way you slice it, make a halfway decent game and you've got a built-in audience.
Argument for the Game's Creation:
Giant mechs that turn into robots, jets, or jets with arms and legs!
#2 G.I. Joe
G.I. Joe originally ran from 1985-1987 and depicted the struggle between the good guys, in the form of the flag waving G.I. Joes and the bad guys in the form of the terrorist organization, COBRA. Each individual Joe (and their COBRA counterpart) had a unique and often fairly specific skillset that set them apart from their cohorts.
G.I. Joe is going to seem like an odd choice to players outside of North America, given the program's "Real American Hero" approach, but the theme of fighting a ruthless terrorist organization for the betterment of mankind is a more universal concept than the show's name implies, especially in today's political climate, should resonate beyond the confines of the Red, White and Blue.
G.I. Joe, the MMO, opens itself up to be an interesting skill-based game, focusing not just on intense combat (which would certainly have to play a role), but also on the diverse array of abilities that are showcased in the seemingly infinite number of G.I. Joe characters.
Argument for the Game's Creation:
We just don't have enough MMOs that let players dress up in silly costumes and try to shoot each other in the head.
#1 Transformers
The original Transformers ran from 1984-1992. Two warring factions of robots who can transform themselves from robots into familiar machines like planes and cars, battle over energy on 1980s Earth.
The battle between the Autobots and the Decepticons is one that MMO players have been asking game developers to let them get involved in for quite some time. The two clearly delineated sides of the conflict would provide an excellent springboard for an RvR style of game, and the appeal of playing a giant robot that could become a car, a jet or a giant gun at any moment holds real sway for many gamers. Yes, the argument can be made that the series characters are "too iconic" to allow for thousands of new Autobots (or Decepticons), but Earth (to say nothing of Cybertron) is a big place.
Argument for the Game's Creation:
Guilds could form up and create giant robots. The game practically sells itself.
So, that's the MMORPG.com list. What 80s cartoons, if any, would make great virtual worlds? We considered, but decided that Ghostbusters and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, among others, were not the best fit. Now it's your turn. Let us know in the comment thread below.
GigaOm, a tech blog founded by journalist turned VC Om Malik, is shutting down after finding itself unable to repay creditors. The site has been serving up tech news (and has served as a direct competitor to TechCrunch) since 2006.
Initially Twitter chatter backed up reports of the site's demise. “Gigaom is shutting down. The site. And the company. But Om built something amazing and it changed my life. I love him and my colleagues,” wrote senior writer Stacey Higginbotham. Soon after posts appeared on both on GigaOm and Malik's own site.
As of 5:57PM Pacific Time this note appeared on the site:
￼A brief note on our companyGigaom recently became unable to pay its creditors in full at this time. As a result, the company is working with its creditors that have rights to all of the company's assets as their collateral. All operations have ceased. We do not know at this time what the lenders intend to do with the assets or if there will be any future operations using those assets. The company does not currently intend to file bankruptcy. We would like to take a moment and thank our readers and our community for supporting us all along.— Gigaom management
Wrote Malik:
￼There will be time for postmortems, but not today. Today, I want to thank all the people who make (and have helped make) Gigaom. Their role in this journey was what really made it all worth it. They are great people and they will all do great work wherever they go. I want to thank our investors who believed in the business long before it became fashionable. And most importantly, I want to thank you dear readers for coming along on this trip of a lifetime.
Malik and GigaOm management did not respond to requests for comment.
GigaOm long melded tech news with a vibrant events business and created a number of popular verticals. The home page remains up and is displaying news related to today's Apple event.
COLUMBIA, Mo. – Plans continue to take shape for the facility project that is being developed for the south end zone at Memorial Stadium/Faurot Field. Mizzou Athletics has enjoyed great success in the initial fundraising stages for the project to date, and while the need for continued fundraising is vital, the timeline for the project is moving along nicely. Preliminary studies indicate the scope of the project will likely be larger than initially anticipated.
"We talk all the time about building a championship-level program, and this is a vital part of that vision." - @Coach_Odom
MIZ #ShowMe ???? pic.twitter.com/6MpwMD47Fv — Mizzou Football (@MizzouFootball) December 16, 2016
"As we've had the chance to roll our sleeves up and get further into the planning stages, we believe it's a better option to take down the existing south bowl, rather than leaving the structure up and retrofitting around it," said Director of Athletics Jim Sterk . "Our preliminary study suggested that if we go this route, we will have more premium seating opportunities, and it will give us the ability to provide more space for our football program and its daily operations. We've said all along that we are doing this with the intent of making it one of the best facilities in the nation, and that's exactly what we're planning," he said.
Sterk said that the range of the project should come in between $90-100 million in total costs, up from the initial estimate of $75 million.
"The added revenue we will be able to generate from having more premium seating space gives us the ability to benefit not only our football program with more space, but also to provide enhancements that will be exciting for our donors and fans," Sterk said.
Over the two-year construction process, the project itself, when combined with Mizzou Athletics' annual economic influence, could provide as much as $700 million in regional economic impact. According to CS&L, (Convention, Sports and Leisure, a consultant firm working with Athletics), as many as 1,200 new jobs will be created because of the project, which could result in as much as $44 million in new salaries.
"The University of Missouri is one of the state's greatest assets, and projects like this have tremendous economic impact on our local and state economies," said Interim Chancellor Hank Foley. "This project will allow us to expand the scope of our football program, bringing additional exposure for Mizzou and greater amenities for our fans."
The process of selecting an architect and construction manager is underway, and the project will be up for approval by the University of Missouri Board of Curators in February. Once approved, a timeline for the project will be further defined, with more design work to follow.
Sterk said there is still important work to be done from a fundraising standpoint. "The support we've had so far has been outstanding, as we've received a record six gifts of at least seven figures," he said. "It's very encouraging, but we are still working hard. We have had some promising conversations with potential contributors, and we hope to continue making those exciting gift announcements going forward," Sterk said.
Head Football Coach Barry Odom said he's pleased to see the project continue to develop. "We talk all the time about building a championship-level program, and this is a vital part of that vision. It's exciting to be part of this process, we're creating something that will transform our facilities for years to come," Odom said. "I can't thank our donors enough for their amazing generosity so far, and I'm confident that they'll help us reach our goals," he said.
Here's a look at some of the planned areas for the facility (details to be finalized):
Football Operations Center
Coaches offices and meeting spaces…
Equipment room…
Locker room…
Team lounge…
Team meeting rooms with virtual reality simulation…
Training room with hydrotherapy…
Weight room…
Premium Seating Areas
Field level club area…
Private club with seating…
Suites…
Public Areas
As many as 5,000 new seats closer to the field… NOTE – Final capacity of stadium is not yet determined…
New concourse…
New restrooms and concessions areas…
New south end zone score board display…
For all the latest on Mizzou Football, stay tuned to MUTigers.com and follow the team on Twitter @MizzouFootball and like the team on Facebook and Instagram (Mizzou Football).
Donald Trump is still at the top of GOP primary polls, but recently there's been a surprising second-place finisher — Dr. Ben Carson.
Since the party's first debate on August 6, the retired pediatric neurosurgeon has surged past Jeb Bush and every other non-Trump candidate in national polls, in Iowa, and in New Hampshire. In some of these polls, he's been quite close behind Trump — and in one late August Iowa poll, he was tied with the billionaire for first.
Beyond that, Carson's favorability ratings among Republicans are sky-high, and one poll shows him as the only GOP candidate leading in a one-on-one matchup against Trump.
All this has come as a surprise to national commentators, who didn't find Carson too impressive in the first GOP debate. He was low-key, he didn't get to speak all that much, and when he did, his answers on policy weren't particularly impressive.
Carson's strengths: biography, positivity, outsider status, evangelical cred, and his message on race
But Carson has a great deal going for him. Like Trump, he's an outsider candidate who stands out from the career politicians in the field, and who condemns "political correctness."
Unlike Trump, though, he has a positive demeanor, a truly inspirational life story, credibility with the evangelical community, and seeming credibility on matters of race.
When Jenée Desmond-Harris interviewed some conservative white Ben Carson superfans in South Carolina in January, she found they were most enthusiastic about what she called the "made-for-Hollywood narrative arc of his life." Carson grew up poor in Detroit, but after working and studying hard, he became a successful and famous neurosurgeon.
"It goes to show that if you have a dream and fulfill that dream, it can be done," 71-year-old Martin Kolar of Myrtle Beach told her. Others praised Carson's faith and character — key selling points to evangelical voters, who preferred Carson to Trump in a recent poll of Iowa Republicans.
Sometimes, however, these citations of Carson's biography can have an implicit — or not so implicit — racial undertone. "He would be a wonderful role model for everyone, especially for the black people," 72-year-old Peggy Kemmerly of Elongee said. "You know, to get them off entitlements. He could open doors. Well, doors have been opened for them, but unfortunately they haven't accessed them." And Kolar said that he hoped Carson "removes the hyphen" in African-American to identify as "just American, to heal the racial divide we've been forced into."
The debate moment that helped Carson the most
Despite what seemed to have been an unmemorable debate performance, there was one exchange where Carson clearly struck a chord with the audience. It was his response to a question from Megyn Kelly about race relations, which was interrupted by loud and sustained applause:
You know, we have the purveyors of hatred who take every single incident between people of two races and try to make a race war out of it, and drive wedges into people. And this does not need to be done... I was asked by an NPR reporter once, why don't I talk about race that often. I said it's because I'm a neurosurgeon. And she thought that was a strange response. I said, you see, when I take someone to the operating room, I'm actually operating on the thing that makes them who they are. The skin doesn't make them who they are. The hair doesn't make them who they are. And it's time for us to move beyond that [loud, heavy applause]. Because our strength as a nation comes in our unity. We are the United States of America, not the divided states. And those who want to divide us are trying to divide us, and we shouldn't let them do it.
Though Carson was vague about just who those "purveyors of hatred" trying "to make a race war" might be, the implication was clear — they're liberals. Carson is saying that although he's black, he's enlightened enough not to focus on unimportant matters of race that "divide us," and will instead take a race-blind approach to unite Americans.
That's just what conservatives want to hear. As racial issues have gained salience in the age of Ferguson and Black Lives Matter, Republican responses have frequently seemed adrift and uncertain. So Carson — who is not just a black Republican but was, as Desmond-Harris put it, "a black folk hero" due to his rags-to-riches story — likely seems to many conservatives to be a very effective messenger pitching a conservative approach to racial issues.
Indeed, Carson has been a frequent critic of Black Lives Matter protesters, and wrote a recent op-ed telling them to focus less on police brutality and more on improving values, preventing drug use, and reducing dependence on government. He also mocked the offense some have taken at the use of the phrase "all lives matter" as "political correctness going amok." Instead, he said, "Of course all lives matter, and of course we should be very concerned about what's going on, particularly in our inner cities."
Carson's major weakness, of course, is his lack of political experience. He's never run for office before, and the strains have showed this year, with his campaign experiencing turmoil and staff turnover. Despite all that, though, it's clear that — for now — Republican voters are paying close attention to what the doctor has to say.
"THIS GUY'S BLEEDING LIKE A STUCK PIG!! SOMEBODY Makes IT STOP!!"
"... we, ah..." we what? What do we need? "... may need..." dear God man, what do we need? An undertaker and a MOP! Wait, no, he's still moving and groaning! What's the name of those people who help hurt people? Think, Al, THINK! "... ah... emergency surgery..." Yes, I had the words "emergency" and a term for something medical! I am doing good. Wait, I don't mean *I* need it, I mean that GUY needs it... help! Where to send them, WHERE DO I SEND THE EMERGENCY SURGEONS??? "...in the studio." SEND HELP TO GUY ON FLOOR IN STUDIO!
* Yes... I am aware that Hatori is a fictional character
Hackers who posted a barebones proof-of-concept attack for a critical Windows vulnerability may have obtained some of the code from Microsoft or one of its antivirus partners, the bug's finder said today.
Luigi Auriemma, an Italian security researcher who discovered the vulnerability in Windows' Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) in May 2011, then submitted it to a Hewlett-Packard bug bounty program, spelled out the leak theory in a long post to his personal blog Friday.
On Tuesday, Microsoft updated all flavors of Windows to patch the critical RDP vulnerability, telling customers "[We] strongly encourage you to make a special priority of applying this particular update."
That same day, several security researchers predicted attackers would quickly craft a working exploit, and would probably tuck it into a worm able to infect any unpatched PC or server that had RDP enabled.
Auriemma asserted that Microsoft gave hackers a head start.
The data packet used by the proof-of-concept (PoC) -- which first appeared on a Chinese website, according to Trustwave's SpiderLabs -- was the same one he had submitted to HP TippingPoint's Zero Day Initiative (ZDI) as part of the verification process to obtain his bug bounty.
But the executable code -- which used Auriemma's data packet to trigger the RDP vulnerability -- showed signs of having been made by Microsoft months after ZDI passed on its findings to the Redmond, Wash. developer. "The executable PoC was compiled in November 2011 and contains some debugging strings like 'MSRC11678' which is a clear reference to the Microsoft Security Response Center," Auriemma said.
"In short it seems written by Microsoft for [its] internal tests and was leaked probably during its distribution to their 'partners' for the creation of antivirus signatures and so on," Auriemma charged. "The other possible scenario is [that] a Microsoft employee was [the] direct or indirect source of the leak. [A] hacker intrusion looks the less probable scenario at the moment."
The partners Auriemma referred to are the antivirus firms that participate in the Microsoft Active Protection Program (MAPP), where Microsoft shares vulnerability information with select security companies before a patch goes public. The goal of MAPP is to give antivirus vendors more time to craft exploit detection signatures.
If a MAPP partner was responsible for the leak, "It's the epic fail of the whole system," argued Auriemma.
Microsoft did not reply to a request for comment on Auriemma's claims.
In a Twitter message Friday, ZDI denied it was the source of the leak.
"We are 100% confident that the leaked info regarding MS12-020 did not come from the ZDI," the team said. "For further information, please query Microsoft."
Other researchers have said that the RDP proof-of-concept was unreliable, and only crashed Windows. The existing code, however, would be a good starting point for a successful exploit, they noted.
Because he considered the cat out of the bag, Auriemma today also made public his own security advisory for the vulnerability, as well as a proof-of-concept exploit he created. Auriemma identified the flaw as a "use-after-free" memory management bug.
As researchers expected earlier this week, there has been interested in an exploit of the RDP bug from all corners.
The Gun.io website, which bills itself as a place to "Hire the best hackers," has posted a reward for the maker of the first Metasploit module that exploits the RDP bug. As of early Friday, contributors had pledged $1,500 to the first person to come up with a module.
Metasploit is a popular open-source penetration testing toolkit that's used by both legitimate researchers to probe networks for vulnerabilities and by criminals who sometimes use its code as the foundation for their exploits.
HD Moore, chief technology officer at Rapid7 and the creator of Metasploit, is among those who have put money into the Gun.io pot.
Trustwave called the activity a "race for a working exploit," a common pattern in bug patching, where hackers reverse engineer a fix to quickly find clues about how to exploit a vulnerability, starting a race between criminals and customers deploying patches.
As evidence of the frenzy, Trustwave pointed out that a Thursday post to Pastebin claimed to be a working exploit for the RDP bug. It was nothing of the sort.
"If you looked closely at the top [of the Pastebin post] the email address was 'sabu@fbi.gov,'" said an unnamed researcher with Trustwave SpiderLabs. "That makes things a little suspicious, but if you actually attempted to run what was posted you could have put yourself into a world of hurt, as it did not appear to be a working exploit of MS12-020, but instead had traces to an Apache exploit from 2008."
The 'sabu' in the email address may refer to the nickname used by Hector Xavier Monsegur, a 28-year-old hacker and member of the notorious LulzSec and Anonymous crews who was flipped by the FBI last year and informed on other members of those groups.
Several alleged members of LulzSec and Anonymous were arrested in Ireland, the U.S. and the U.K. last week on evidence provided by Monsegur.
Auriemma promised more information as he was able to collect it. But he didn't sound happy.
"Microsoft has spread the potential starting point for an unauthenticated kernel-level worm," he charged. "Weren't they here to protect the users?"
The Microsoft MS12-020 update that quashes the RDP bug can be downloaded and installed via the Microsoft Update and Windows Update services, as well as through Windows Server Update Services.
Gregg Keizer covers Microsoft, security issues, Apple, Web browsers and general technology breaking news for Computerworld. Follow Gregg on Twitter at @gkeizer, on Google+ or subscribe to Gregg's RSS feed . His email address is gkeizer@computerworld.com.
See more by Gregg Keizer on Computerworld.com.
Illegal downloading is an issue that has plagued the music industry for the past decade-plus and 10 Years are reaching out to their fans in hopes of thwarting the problem as they unleash their new single.
The band has teamed with the 10 Years Association for an "Illegal Download" contest surrounding their release of their 'Miscellanea' single. They're asking for fans to send links to 10yearsassociation@gmail.com to any illegal download of the track on the Internet and the band will pick a winner to receive a 10 Years prize pack from the band for their diligence. The campaign can be found here .
Guitarist Tater Johnson initially wrote a Facebook post stating, "Thanks to everyone for the early support and love on the new single but if y'all really wanna help call your local radio station and request 'Miscellanea.' Don't illegally download it from a bit torrent or post those links. It'll be on iTunes real soon and we'll be making a video in a couple weeks. This is how we make a living and when you purchase this the music the money does actually go to us. Thanks again for the love. See y'all on tour."
But Johnson didn't stop there. He later posted a more in-depth post sparking conversation on illegal downloading that can be read below:
Hey all. Tater here. Thanks for your support. This is obviously an open forum, and people are free to say their opinions, and while a lot of the responses to our battle against illegally downloading our single are disheartening, it raises an interesting topic. We all became musicians because of our love for art and music, which is why we stay in this field, but it is also our livelihood and the way we pay our bills. I've been in this band since 1998, a founding member and I've played every single show. At various times I struggled to keep my house, the lights on, and my junker car on the road, coming home from months on the road owing thousands of dollars, and forced to record albums that cost so much money to make, we could barely pay back the major labels, all because of our art. But the fact is that this is my job and I get paid from touring and merch, but also because of you awesome die-hard fans who actually buy our music, rather than steal it. Most singles air on radio for a bit before they are released to iTunes, Google play, Amazon, or cd, hence the hype and delay. We know there is no possible way to stop the pirating of music, but we are doing what little we can to try and preserve something antiquated. If you think we or I am just about the money, than just do me a favor and unlike/unfollow our band because you've missed the whole point and aren't the ones who help keep us going anyway. The days of getting rich off one single are over and that's fine. I want you to listen to it and love it because it's our art, but I also want to get paid for the past year of blood, sweat, tears, writing, writer's block, re-writing, recording, etc that we've been through as a band. Ok, that's it. For all you lovers, see you at our shows. We love you and appreciate you more than you'll ever know. And for all you who feel entitled to everything for free, we probably wouldn't see you anyway because you wouldn't want to buy a ticket.
10 Years are building up to the release of a new album and they'll be working in some of their new material on the 'From Birth to Burial Tour,' which launches Feb. 10 in Sauget, Ill. just outside of St. Louis. Dates can be found by clicking the button below.
Bitcoin has a large presence on and off, the campus of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. This makes sense when we consider that this is one of the finest technical colleges in the world. The University itself has not become directly involved in cryptocurrency in the past, but it seems that this is about to change. The fall semester will be offering “Computer Systems Security 6.858” and a few of the modules in the class are related to cryptocurrencies.
According to the class description, there will be twenty-five modules, at least two of which will be focused on virtual currencies. The class is at senior level and designed primarily for mechanical engineering students with a focus on building secure computer systems. There will be two lecturers during the class, James Mickens and Nickolai Zeldovich. Mickins is a guest lecturer at MIT and, according to his MIT biography “purchased a large cave to act as a warehouse/fortress from which he can defend himself during the inevitable robot war that was prophesied by the documentary movie “The Matrix.”” Zeldovich is an Associate Professor in the school´s electrical engineering and computer science department and the recipient of numerous awards, including a Sloan Fellowship in 2010.
One of the modules in the class, “TorCoin” is specifically cryptocurrency oriented. The modules abstract describes the class:
“In this paper we introduce TorCoin, a distributed consensus protocol based on the Bitcoin block chain. This protocol will be used to establish new nodes on the network, and to determine node validity and bandwidth. TorCoin will run in collaboration with TorFlow, an existing code designed to determine bandwidth and monitor node behavior, using an RPC interface. To handle the computational costs of mining, we propose to partially outsource these costs to the Bitcoin network using the existing work sharing protocol. We discuss our implementation and provide an analysis of security concerns. Finally, we provide proof of concept, along with potential directions for future work.”
Cointelegraph has been unable to reach either of the lecturers for comments on the remainder of the class modules and the class itself. The fact that MIT has included instruction on various security and design aspects of cryptocurrencies is encouraging. Bitcoin itself is an idea that is barely six years old. Most of the developers working in the field are self-taught, learning as they develop and many of the security problems that have begun to appear can certainly be traced to this problem. Bringing development into the structured, and well financed, university setting seems to be an idea whose time has come.
This is not MIT´s first venture into cryptocurrency classes. The same class in 2013 contained modules such as “Bitcoin Transaction Graph Analysis” and “Analyzing the Bitcoin Transaction Graph: A Look at Mixers and Traceability”. Draper University is also offering Bitcoin classes, for free.
Universities are opening their doors on many different levels to the idea of Bitcoin and virtual currencies. Not only are a few beginning to consider Bitcoin as a payment option but they are now beginning to offer development classes in a structured environment. MIT is one of the leaders in this area but it seems likely that more schools will follow their lead, lending some of the best minds in the world to develop a new way of doing business and protecting our assets.
Did you enjoy this article? You may also be interested in reading these:
Abdul Turay, the British journalist who ran in the Tallinn municipal elections, will in fact be taking a seat on the city council, thanks to a combination of strong voter support and candidates who will retain their positions in Parliament.
Turay's party, the Social Democrats, ended up with eight seats in the 79-seat council. These would have been filled by mayoral candidate Andres Anvelt, Vadim Belobrovtsev, Jaak Juske, Anto Liivat, Hanno Matto, Barbi-Jenny Pilvre-Storgard, Indrek Saar and Rainer Vakra, but as Anvelt, Saar and Vakra will remain in Parliament, their seats will go to Turay, Külli Urb and Lauri Laats, reported Postimees.
The Essex native, who is best known in Estonia for his political columns in a national daily, garnered a respectable 516 votes in the City Center voting district, beating out several more seasoned local political figures.
Before TMZ, and even before the Internet, there was celebrity drama. But where was it? And who was involved? And how did people find out? Rembert Browne investigates.
Dixie didn't show up.
You see, on the first go-around in 1989, Dixie was very much present. So present, in fact, she was Delta's matron of honor. But when it was time for Delta to renew her vows two years later, there was no Dixie. No Jean. No Annie. And not even Meshach.
So what in Sugarbaker Design's name did Delta do?
That's a long story. But what was set in stone — following this re-declaration of love in the summer of 1991 — was that the upcoming sixth season of Designing Women would go forward without Delta Burke.
♦♦♦
For five strong years, 1986 to 1991, Designing Women was the most important show in America starring four women who didn't live in Miami. Considered by some as little more than a Golden Girls knockoff — that show debuted a year earlier, in 1985, to rave reviews, because it's the most zinger-filled show we've ever had — the show struggled at first to find its footing. It bounced around from time slot to time slot, and CBS even threatened to cancel it, but a viewer campaign proved too strong, convincing CBS that the show did have a true audience. And by 1989, coupled back-to-back with Murphy Brown on Monday nights, it became a hit.
The show, as you may remember, revolved around two sisters — Julia and Suzanne Sugarbaker — played by Dixie Carter and Delta Burke. Joining the two at their Atlanta interior design firm were Mary Jo Shively (Annie Potts), Charlene Frazier (Jean Smart), and Anthony Bouvier (Meshach Taylor).
The infectious onscreen chemistry between the costars suggested that they were friends offscreen. And the hunch was right, because they were. But could it last? That was expertly instigated, as the foursome were guests on The Joan Rivers Show.
Joan: Now, you're all still very good friends. All Four: Yes. Joan: At this point … so far … well, you know it's going to start.
A few things are clear after watching the cast as a real-life unit. Each woman is independently funny; as a group, the one-upsmanship that we see in the show carried into their real lives. When all cylinders were clicking, as they were in this appearance (and typically on the show, through their characters), it's hard to top. But it's also easy to see, with these types of strong personalities occupying one space (especially Dixie and Delta), how it could be an easy breeding ground for drama. Not that it would, but simply that it could.
And it did.
♦♦♦
“Along with her talent, Delta, 34, carries into life a reputation for fiery southern passion that is as tangible as bayou moss.” —People, 1991
The 1991 People cover story on Delta and Designing Women was, in some ways, the final real-time chapter of the book, emerging the same week that the show began taping its sixth season, its first without Burke.
But the early stages of the drama stem from one of the happiest days of Delta's life, her 1989 marriage to actor Gerald McRaney. According to Burke — speaking to Barbara Walters in 1991 — her husband was the first man who let her, a former Miss Florida beauty queen, feel comfortable in her own skin, the first man who saw beyond her beauty. Around this time, Delta's weight began to increase, in a way that was noticeable to everyone: the public, the network, the producers, the show's costars, Delta, and Gerald.
According to People, “her [Delta's] husband stocked a room at home with pounds of chocolate, as a dramatic way of saying he loved her for herself, not for the way she looked.” Unfortunately for Delta, and the show, this weight gain unfairly became the focus for the public, creating a tabloid whirlwind surrounding this idea of Burke “letting herself go.”
While some saw Delta's husband as an enabler of this distraction, the weight gain wasn't met with an ill response within the show, and thus was not the true reason for the mistrust surrounding McRaney. In fact, the weight gain — while noticeable — was not standing between Delta and her role. In December 1989, the show decided to acknowledge what much of the public had taken to be their business — Delta's weight — by way of a very special episode, “They Shoot Fat Women, Don't They?” in which Suzanne returns to her 15-year high school reunion and is ostracized for the weight she has gained. The episode became a landmark in Designing Women history, helping to earn Delta an Emmy nomination — tackling her tabloid drama was seen as a courageous act.
So there was support from her TV family concerning the negative publicity she'd received for her weight gain. But there was something else less-than-peripherally related to Delta's husband, and again considered to be part of an ever-evolving attempt to prove his love to her. It was McRaney filling his wife's head with a confidence that would later be seen as arrogance. The end result: Delta Burke convinced that she was the outright star of Designing Women.
The issue was, no one else saw it that way.
♦♦♦
The most powerful couple in the Designing Women universe was not Burke and her husband Gerald McRaney. That designation would go to the Thomasons, Harry and Linda. The two were co-executive producers of the show; Linda was also the show's creator. Burke, while a burgeoning star, was but a piece of the puzzle to their Designing Women universe.
In the spring of 1990, however, Harry Thomason was approached by Burke's agent to discuss the reality — or necessity — of that equality. In a classic “he said, he said,” the agent claimed the meeting was to patch up a tense relationship between Burke and the Thomasons; Harry claimed it was about “the emergence of Delta as the star of the show.” Some of this seemed to revolve around the critical acclaim “They Shoot Fat Women, Don't They?” brought to the series — Burke claimed the episode was her idea, while Linda Bloodworth-Thomason said she had to spend hours convincing Burke that it was a good idea.
This was the point at which the private bickering became a public feud.
Burke, to her hometown paper, The Orlando Sentinel, on August 2, 1990, the day her Emmy nomination was announced:
There are a lot of things wonderful about it, but I have not wanted to be there for some time now. It is not a good workplace, not a good environment … It's so strange, being part of something that's so wonderful and so awful at the same time.
The Thomasons, responding in a press release:
We are all mentally exhausted from the daily trials and tribulations of Delta Burke.
As 1990 progressed, Delta said more about the Thomasons in the press, claiming they forced the cast to go on “extreme diets,” and that Harry Thomason had, at one point, locked the cast in a room and screamed at them. The public beef reached its most visible point in November 1990, as Burke joined Barbara Walters for a tell-all conversation — and did so without telling the Thomasons.
In this talk with Walters, while focusing much of her critique on the Thomasons, Burke revealed one thing about her costar, Dixie Carter: She was disappointed that Carter, someone she considered a close longtime friend, had publicly sided with the Thomasons. But it wasn't just Carter siding with the Thomasons, it was the entire cast, ultimately leaving Burke out on her own.
While all of this drama was swirling, Designing Women was at its ratings peak in its fifth season. The week before the Barbara Walters special, Designing Women was the fifth-highest-rated television show. At this same time, however, Burke had asked for a release from her contract, something that was initially perceived to be a negotiation tactic to garner a higher salary. But then she asked to be written out of the show in a series of transitory episodes. The Thomasons, despite the public chaos they were embroiled in, still wanted her character onboard, so they refused. And two months later, in January 1991, Burke sued the Thomasons on the grounds of being written out of an episode as punishment.
The public quarrels were reaching a fever pitch — with still months left in the fifth season — but it's what happened privately a few months later that ultimately signified the beginning of the end.
Burke came to the set on March 28 to film her segments, then left. Once she was gone, a meeting with the cast and producers took place, with the purpose of voting on whether Burke should return for the sixth season. The vote was that she shouldn't. The following week, Harry Thomason wrote a letter to the chairman of Columbia Pictures, asking him to release Burke from her contract.
On May 13, 1991, the finale of Season 5 of Designing Women aired, and it was the final time Delta Burke appeared as Suzanne Sugarbaker on Designing Women.
♦♦♦
“I'll be friends with these women for the rest of my life” —Delta Burke, 1986
In 1991, this sure didn't seem like it would ring true. Designing Women went on for two more seasons, with Burke (and soon Jean Smart) replaced by Julia Duffy and Jan Hooks. But the show was never the same. While pulling in great post-fallout ratings in Season 6, the show tanked in Season 7 and was soon off the air.
In the years that passed, some of those lingering beefs from the show's glory years remained. But time heals. People grow up. There's beef, and then there's squashed beef. And eventually, some of the more tense relationships were ultimately patched up.
After years of bickering, Burke and Linda Bloodworth-Thomason reunited for the second life of Suzanne Sugarbaker in the 1995 sitcom Women of the House. While the show only lasted a season, its ultimate legacy is the professional and personal mending of fences between the actress and the writer.
As for Burke and her costar, onscreen rival, friend turned foe WOE Dixie Carter, their fallout lasted far longer. After not attending the renewal of Burke's vows in 1991, more than a decade passed before the two began to reconcile. But it happened — privately, and eventually publicly.
In 2002, Delta Burke appeared as a guest star on Family Law, a show in which Dixie Carter was a costar.
While their first foray into drama as a unit, it marked the third time Carter and Burke appeared on a show together and the third time they played relatives.
As the years went on and nostalgia became an increasingly valuable form of currency, the gang found ways to reassemble. Perhaps the most notable was in 2006, when the Museum of Television & Radio (now known as the Paley Center for Media) honored Linda Bloodworth-Thomason and, in doing so, presented a panel with Thomason and her four Designing Women.
There's nothing like pushing through drama. As the years progress, and the sad reality of death hits the cast of Designing Women (Dixie Carter in 2010, Meshach Taylor and Jan Hooks in 2014), it's a relief to know that things were patched up voluntarily, instead of at the moment when it's too late.
Long live Designing Women, long live the non-Floridian South, and most importantly, long live beefing and then, years later, learning to laugh about it.
Firefighters work at the scene of a house fire in the storm's aftermath in Lindenhurst, N.Y. (AP)
Among the many global reactions to Hurricane Sandy's impact on the U.S. East Coast, this one might be the most amusing. Syrian Army News, a pro-regime Facebook page, announced that anti-Western "resistance" forces working under President Bashar al-Assad and under the Iranian government secretly engineered the natural disaster using "highly advanced technology." It describes the hurricane as a punishment for threatening Assad's Syria.
Here's the English translation:
Sources confirm that hurricane Sandy, now buffeting the U.S., was carried out by highly advanced technology developed by the heroic Iranian regime, in coordination with our resistant regime. These sources have also confirmed that experts from Syria have contributed in carrying out this work. This is the consequence of attacking Assad's Syria and threatening its security.
The post attracted over a thousand comments and was shared over a thousand times. Though some users expressed support, much of the commentary appears to be mocking and derisive. The most common comment was a simple string of "haha." Many made references to donkeys.
Pro-regime Syrians are extremely active on social media, particularly Facebook, where they disseminate pro-Assad propaganda (not all of which is quite so fantastically absurd), attack sites they perceive as anti-Assad, and sometimes use phishing scams to secure personal information about anti-regime Syrians. Some of these online networks appear to maintain links directly to the Syrian government, though they also likely operate with a high degree of self-sufficiency.
Gordie Howe has an excellent reason for ignoring you, and she is blonde.
She is also pretty, and younger than Mr. Hockey by at least 60 years, so it's understandable that the toughest nut ever to jam his feet into a pair of leather CCMs would elbow you aside to pose for a photo with an attractive fan. Then another.
His brain is fighting dementia, his body is fighting 86 years of hard work, yet Howe is sharp enough to playfully pass you over in favour of beauty.
It's all a ruse, of course. Howe never shunned anyone looking for something so simple as a minute of his time, a word or an autograph.
He totters back, gingerly holds your shoulder and whispers in your ear: “If you don't act stupid, you can't have fun.”
Howe was hockey's greatest ambassador not because he fulfilled every single autograph request and said “cheese” for every camera lens; not because he and his family raised millions of dollars for good causes; and not because he was publicly accessible long after anyone would have blamed him for retiring to live quietly.
No, Gordie Howe was the ideal emissary for the game because whatever function or fundraiser he attended, he created specific, intimate moments with strangers.
The man with the fractured memories would dole out unforgettable moments to anyone within a stick's length. Like his elbows and snapshots, his anecdotes were forever connecting with their target.
“I always know the people who know my father because they never talk about him as a hockey player. The thing they always talk about is how he makes people feel.”
Wayne Gretzky was a shy 10-year-old the night he met his hero. He had just wrapped a minor hockey season in which he scored 378 goals and 517 points in 69 games for the Brantford Nadrofsky Steelers and was set to be recognized on stage at a banquet.
But the MC who was to introduce him at the Lion's Club dinner forgot his responsibility, even though Wayne was right there on the dais, like a deer in headlights.
“So poor Wayne was standing near the microphone, not knowing what to say or do. Oblivious, the MC sat back down,” recalls Wayne's father, Walter Gretzky.
Enter Howe, who picked up on the confusion and walked over. He snatched the microphone in his right hand and said, “Anybody that scores 378 goals doesn't have to say a single word. Wayne, just take your seat right here. Thank you, everybody.”
Walter, now 78 and more than a bit of a hockey ambassador in his own right, says he'll never forget Howe covering for his son that night.
“When Wayne thought of playing hockey, he thought of one thing—Gordie Howe. That's all there was to it. There were no players other than Gordie Howe. That's why he always wore No. 9. The reason he's got 99 is because when he went to Sault Ste. Marie, someone else already had nine. The coach made a sweater with two nines on it so Wayne could still have a nine on his back for Gordie Howe,” Walter says.
“Just talking hockey with Gordie Howe. Doesn't get any better than that.” —Wendel Clark
Pick just about any current or former NHLer younger than Howe and he'll have a similar story about the first time he met Gordie Howe.
Bryan Trottier has seven Stanley Cup rings and a vivid recollection of his initial contact with his fellow Saskatchewan scorer. A stud rookie with the New York Islanders in 1976, Trottier had soaked up hundreds of Howe's Hockey Night in Canada interviews and read every article he could find on the man.
“We all felt we knew Gordie before we met him, but he is even greater when you meet him in person,” Trottier says.
At the 1976 NHL Awards, a 19-year-old Trottier not only accepted the Calder Trophy from his hero's hands, he spent the entire evening at a table with Gordie and his wife, Colleen. He felt like the luckiest billet in the world.
“They were so gracious, so kind, but at the same time so genuine,” Trottier recalls. “I kinda felt like I was sitting with family. They were like, ‘You're sitting with us.' ”
A broad smile connects Trottier's cheeks as he reimagines the scene.
“I like that memory,” he says. “He made me feel special.”
Wendel Clark first met Howe as an NHL rookie playing for the Toronto Maple Leafs. Howe was at the Gardens watching his son Mark play for Philadelphia when he approached the long-haired kid with the mustache playing for the enemy.
“You're very honoured when he comes up and talks to you, being a rookie, only 18 years old. That's my best memory of Gordie,” says Clark. “Just talking hockey with Gordie Howe—doesn't get any better than that.”
“If you don't act stupid, you can't have fun.” —Gordie Howe
After beloved Maple Leafs goaltender Curtis Joseph made the unpopular skate west along Highway 401 to join the rival Detroit Red Wings in the fall of 2002, he got off to a rocky start.
“Going there was a huge adjustment, maybe because I'm from [Toronto] and was so emotionally invested in the Leafs,” recalls Joseph.
“I wasn't playing very well, and Gordie tapped me on the shoulder. He said, ‘You know, when I went from Detroit to [Houston], that first year I was a fish out of water.'
“It was nice to hear that from him, because you change teams and you hope it goes well, but sometimes it doesn't. That was his way of trying to make me feel comfortable.”
Over the years Howe promoted the game around the world and used his fame to raise money for causes ranging from Alzheimer's research to youth hockey to underprivileged children.
After an unusual form of dementia called Pick's disease robbed Howe of his soulmate, Colleen, he threw his support behind the Scotiabank Baycrest Pro-Am, an annual hockey tournament that pairs weekend warriors with star NHL alumni to raise money for Baycrest Health Sciences, an academic and care centre in Toronto that focuses on aging.
Since its inception, the tourney has raised more than $27 million. Denis Savard, Paul Coffey and Doug Gilmour are just a few of the all-stars who have skated for the cause, improving care for those stricken with Alzheimer's and helping investigate concussion prevention.
“The event is a prime example of what he does as an ambassador,” says Savard, who counts himself fortunate to have played one NHL game against Howe in 1980.
“He's done a lot of great things on the ice, sure, but we know he's done some tremendous things off the ice, too.”
For all the praise he received, there wasn't a trace of the braggart in Howe, who spoke in soft tones and allowed his actions to do the shouting. He deflected compliments even better than shots from the point, and established the default hockey-player post-game interview stance by always spreading his wealth of glory to his teammates.
“That's the genuine side of Gordie,” Trottier says. “How he treats kids and young hockey players and the respect he showed to referees when he played. If he got a penalty, he went right to the box. Didn't argue. That's huge to me. That's an ambassador for hockey.”
In 2007, a 12-foot, 4,500-pound bronze statue of Mr. Hockey was placed in Joe Louis Arena. Another one, left elbow angled at an imaginary chin, was erected in Saskatoon.
In 2011, various groups rallied to have the New International Trade Crossing bridge that links Detroit to Canada named after Howe, but one could argue that the Ambassador Bridge already is.
In death, as in life, Gordie links.
Rabid fans to otherworldly players. Sharpie to hockey card. Competition to class. Money to cause. Fathers to sons to grandfathers.
“I always know the people who know my father because they never talk about him as a hockey player,” says Gordie's son and former teammate, Mark. “The thing they always talk about is how he makes people feel.”
At one of his final charity pro-am tournaments, Gordie Howe silently strode into a half-full arena bar overlooking ice pads full of amateur hacks enjoying the game.
Someone looked up from his hamburger and noticed him. Another did the same.
The clapping started slowly and swelled rapidly.
As Gordie passed through, a group of 30-some strangers instinctively rose up and gave him a spontaneous standing ovation.
Gordie didn't have to say a word. He just gave a little wave and walked out the other side and down the stairs.
