Ever wanted to know what your dog is saying? Well, now you can! The Bowlingual Dog Voice Translator is a translation gadget for dog-lovers. You can even use several of them at the same time, perfect for those dog get-togethers.
Attach the small reader to your pet's dog collar and then turn on the hand-held speaker. When your dog barks it will translate the canine language into a series of Japanese messages which show up on the display, along with an easy-to-understand animation. Is your dog sad? Is your dog hungry? Now you can find out!
Spend hours playing with your pooch and this toy. Available in green, blue or pink, this cute accessory is not only fun, but also looks good.
The Bowlingual Dog Voice Translator features:
Harrogate hemp farmer excited about plant's potential Copyright by WATE - All rights reserved Video
HARROGATE (WATE) – Rows and rows of hemp plants soak up the sunshine on Elias Rasmussen's farm in Harrogate.
"Every morning I wake up and have my coffee and look out over my hemp plants and am very happy," Rasmussen said.
It's clear the farmer has pride in his plants. Although this is his first year with seeds in the ground, Rasmussen believes hemp can help out East Tennessee.
Hemp is in the cannabis family, but is not the same as marijuana. Since last year, WATE 6 On Your Side has been reporting about a change in state law that creates a pilot program to test out farming hemp.
Rasmussen backs the plant for its medicinal purposes, but said hemp can also be used for so much more.
"It can be used for anything, from seed oil that can be used for cooking. It can be used for fiber. My personal interest is using it for sustainable building materials," he said.
Thousands of hemp plants on Rasmussen's farm will be harvested this October, mainly by hand. That means they'll take each plant, dry it out and sell it as seed.
"I'm not afraid of a little hard work," he said.
However, this type of hard work is one that's new to our state. Hemp was not legally planted for 70 years. Now, that's all changing. The hemp seeds come to Tennessee from Canada.
Rasmussen's 2.5 acre industrial hemp farm is a pilot project and one of 50 in our state.
Workers with the Tennessee Department of Agriculture stopped by Wednesday for a yearly review. They took samples to make sure hemp plants are within Tennessee's legal 0.3 percent limit of THC.
"I really fell in love with the idea of giving farmers a new crop," Rasmussen said.
Rasmussen hopes others soon begin to share his love for the plants and that the use of hemp continues to grow.
For more information about regulations, or if you're interested in learning how to get a license to grow hemp, visit the Tennessee Department of Agriculture's website.
With Spring Training getting under way, it's time for a far-too-early roster prediction article. The Miami Marlins struggled to a 71-91 record last season, but a lot of that can be chalked up to injury. Jose Fernandez, the team's best pitcher, missed time. Giancarlo Stanton, the team's best hitter, missed time. Almost every important Marlin missed at least a few games with some kind of injury in 2015, with Ichiro appearing in the most games overall with 153. Dee Gordon and Adeiny Hechavarria followed, with 145 and 130 respectively. With the moves made this offseason and some better health, the Marlins believe they can compete in the National League East in 2016. Whether they have done enough remains to be seen, but they have certainly improved the roster with a few moves and will of course fare better when the best players are on the field.
Projected Starting Lineup
Gordon leads off as he did in every game he played last season. Realmuto moves up in the lineup and fits well in the two spot thanks to his bat control and good speed. Yelich has more power than he's shown, and this is the year the Marlins hope he finds it as a middle-of-the-order bat. Stanton is one of the best power hitters in the league when on the field and should have runners on base fairly often with a solid top of the lineup ahead of him. Bour is a home run threat any time a righty is on the mound. Ozuna can be a streaky hitter, but when he's on, he's a good RBI bat. Prado is a smart hitter who will drive in anyone left on the bases after the middle of the order does its job. Hechavarria took some steps forward with the bat in 2015, but still isn't more than a number eight hitter who can occasionally provide a spark at the bottom of the lineup. (The lineup will likely be similar against lefty starters, with Johnson at first base instead of Bour, but quite different on rest days for Realmuto, with Mathis possibly hitting eighth and either Hechavarria or Prado moving into the two spot.)
Projected Starting Rotation
Fernandez is a true ace when on the mound, but he'll likely be on pitch counts each game and on an overall innings count for the year; still, he's the team's number one by far. Chen is a solid pitcher who has succeeded in better divisions and smaller stadiums. Koehler is a great pitcher at home but can have a tough time on the road; still, he's earned a spot in the rotation based on his previous seasons. The Marlins seem enamored with Cosart despite his general lack of success at the big league level. Conley is not the favorite for the fifth spot going into camp, but he's likely the best of the bunch and may prove in Grapefruit League games. (The four and five spots could be any mix of Cosart, Conley, Jackson, Nicolino, Phelps, or any new free agent signing.)
Projected Bullpen
A.J. Ramos CL
Carter Capps SU
Mike Dunn SU
Bryan Morris MR
Edwin Jackson MR
Craig Breslow MR
David Phelps LR
Despite the reported competition for the closer spot, Ramos is likely to keep it since he fared well in the role last season. Capps is as dominant as can be, but actually serves the team better in a setup role. Dunn is one of the most frustrating pitchers in baseball, but he generally gets the job done and is under contract for $3.45 million. Morris has been solid since coming over from the Pirates and should retain his role as the seventh inning guy. Jackson was great in the bullpen last season, but will likely want to try to earn a role in the rotation. Breslow could be the second lefty in the pen. Phelps showed that he can be a solid swing man, spot starting when needed and pitching in long relief as well. (The bullpen is hard to project, especially with the questions at the end of the rotation. Guys like Kyle Barraclough and Brian Ellington did nothing to lose their spots after impressive rookie seasons last year, but there simply may not be room for them at the beginning of the season. Other young arms like Kendry Flores, Nick Wittgren, Nefi Ogando, and Cody Ege could fight for a spot in Spring Training, but will likely be up later in the season as injuries and ineffectiveness strike.
Projected Bench
Jeff Mathis C
Chris Johnson 1B/3B
Ichiro Suzuki OF
Derek Dietrich IF/OF
Miguel Rojas IF
Mathis automatically makes it as the backup catcher and mentor to Realmuto. While he may as well go up to bat bare handed, his catching skills and the way he handles the pitching staff add value to the team that can't be measured with stats. Ichiro makes the team automatically as well; he led the team in games played last season despite looking overmatched for most of the year. Johnson was brought in to platoon with Bour, he can also spell Prado if needed. Dietrich's new-found versatility and left-handed pop earn him a bench spot. Rojas is a similar player to Hechavarria, but the team needs someone who can play shortstop if needed. (Guys like Cole Gillespie, Tomas Telis, Justin Maxwell, and Don Kelly have a chance to break camp with the team but will more likely be called upon when the need arises later on in the season.)
In a post-earthquake city that has seen coups, invasions and disease, redevelopment is either going strong or standing still depending on who you speak to and what their agenda is
Nearly four years after the earthquake that eviscerated their city, Jimmy Alex, a chauffeur, and Magalie Noel, a schoolteacher, personify Haiti's capacity for resilient hope and determined rebuilding amid the ruins that remain on their doorstep.
At either end of the social spectrum, Jimmy and Magalie's response to the 7.0-magnitude quake that struck in the early hours of 12 January 2010 was identical. Both their houses fell down, so they simply moved their families out into the front yard. With more spare cash than Jimmy, Magalie quickly built a tiny structure near the rubble of her home.
Jimmy stoically lived in a tent for 15 months, then scraped together $1,500 (£917) to build the single room he shares with his wife and two children. "I received no help from the government or anyone, so I just have to carry on building on my own, whenever I have cash," he says. For Magalie, the money saved by leaving the rubble intact was worth more than the psychological benefit of its removal. "It's true I don't like seeing my destroyed home everyday, but at least I'm solvent," she says.
Good Samaritans, pundits and city planners might wish the pair's pragmatic but rapid response had been more generally adopted by the Haitian authorities. "The city looks like the earthquake happened yesterday," laments Marcus Garcia, who edits the diaspora weekly Haiti en Marche from Port-au-Prince. The reference is to broken or non-existent roads, roofless buildings including two major cathedrals still staring into the sky, and 306 camps for internally displaced people according to the International Organisation for Migration (IOM). That's about a quarter of the 1,200 tent camps at the peak of the crisis.
Right after the quake, Port-au-Prince residents described the sky above the city as grey with dust, the roads impassable because of rubble, houses flattened like pancackes lining every street. Milind, an Indian-American businessman who has lived here 25 years, says it was "a nightmare except that you never woke from it. Nothing stood straight … hell, nothing was standing, mountains of debris blocked every road, you had to walk to get anywhere or take a motosiklet [motorcycle taxi]."
A baby boy sits next to his house in a refugee camp for displaced people in Port-au-Prince, in 2014. Photograph: Jean Marc Herve Abelard/AP
The city was drowning in a concrete deluge estimated at 22m million cubic yards of heavy debris. The beautiful white French Renaissance National Palace, which housed the residence and office of the president, was heavily damaged and stood forlornly as a painful symbol of the tragedy.
Today, Port-au-Prince is still an eyesore. President Michel Martelly's offices are in a temporary building near the gaping void that once was the palace. The occasional buckled wall and cracked building still stands limp and ghostly in most neighbourhoods, an untenanted reminder of the disaster. And up the steep mountainsides stand hundreds of flimsy structures composed of USAid plastic sheeting and grain sacks, the letters and logo faded. As of last October, according to the IOM, 171,974 people – down from 1.5 million – were living in these lean-tos.
Venette Jean Louis is one of them. The 37-year-old unmarried mother of three is in a camp that houses approximately 500 people in Canape Verte, a neighbourhood high in the hills. "At least we don't pay rent," she says of her squalid living arrangements. As is the norm, the camp has provided itself with "priz", the Haitian Creole term for free electricity obtained by sneakily hooking on to the grid. It has 18 toilets built by an NGO, but no showers. "You wash inside," says Venette. She is uncertain if she wants to move. "We all know it's not our land, so eventually we'll have to," she admits. But she is vague about where she would go or how she would pay for accommodation. "The rebuilding is going so slow, we want the IOM to come back. They could give me $500 to resettle, I've heard from others who got it, so I could at least pay rent for some months."
The slow march of progress
It is four years since the earth shook so hard that the city's terrified people created a new colloquialism for an earthquake – "goudou goudou", the sound of the rumbling they heard beneath their feet. Should Port-au-Prince not be in better shape by now?
"If you were here right after the quake, you would know the difference between the city then and as it is now," says Harry Adam, the engineer-architect who heads the Unite de Construction de Logements et de Batiments Publics (UCLBP). "The change is incredible."
Poeple in Port-au-Prince search for survivors after the earthquake struck, in 2010. Photograph: Eduardo Munoz/Reuters
Adam reports directly to the Haitian prime minister, Laurent Lamothe, for his gargantuan three-pronged job, which he lists as follows: moving everyone out of the tents; formulating an institutional response to the lodging issue; and rebuilding public structures. He asserted that all the new construction is earthquake-proof, which adds 30% to the tab.
The World Bank has helped develop a national building code and trained a new technical team at the public works ministry to ensure standards. As befits the nodal construction entity whose slogan is "Reconstruire mieux" (rebuild better), the UCLBP is housed in a relatively comfortable prefab structure that's less grungy than other government offices. Adam ticks off projects currently underway, including building eight new ministries (40 public buildings were destroyed) along the main Rue Champs de Mars downtown. But first, that street will have to be widened to reflect its projected grandeur as the heart of government. Adam says Martelly, a former entertainer intuitively sensitive to public applause, is enthusiastic.
The rebuilding plan mixes functionality with the psychologically important and moral-boosting feelgood factor. Starting in Christmas 2012, tent camps were removed from two public parks in the city's upmarket district of Petionville. Wilson, who sells bottled soft drinks at Place Boyer, one of the green and pleasant newly reopened parks, says the camp's removal has knocked the bottom out of his trade. "The Red Cross used to buy from me. Now, I don't sell much. But it is clean and beautiful now," he allowed.
A third park, not far from Venette Jean Louis's camp, has been cleared and is currently being rebuilt. Work is also under way on a 3,000-house complex in Morne Cabrit, outside Port-au-Prince. So far, only 120 are ready but "the developer is giving us 50 houses a week", says Adam. He shakes his head at the reluctance even homeless people have shown to be "pioneers in new neighbourhoods". Phase II of the development will have 4,000 more houses.
Vendors use the open space of an earthquake damaged building to cut carpet for a client near their shop in downtown Port-au-Prince, in 2013. Photograph: Dieu Nalio Chery/AP
Spreading the wealth, or trying to
Adam dismisses criticism of the resettlement scheme – a year's rent – as an expensive and too temporary an incentive. The scheme covers people in tents, who are willing to move, and according to Adam the money from international donors is used to pay the first year's rent. He says: "70% of those we resettled are still in the same property a year later and they're paying their own rent." But a new survey disputes this.
The Institute for Justice & Democracy in Haiti (IJDH), a US-based group of lawyers and its Haitian affiliate Bureaux des Avocats Internationaux (BAI), claims that resettled people now face another housing crisis because their cash rental money is nearly at an end. The survey is based on answers provided by 44 families between and one and two years after their relocation. But part of the problem, according to the World Bank's special envoy to Haiti, Mary Barton Dock, is that houses were scarce in Port-au-Prince even before the quake.
Maarten Boute, a Belgian businessman who has lived in Haiti five years, says: "The quake didn't cause the slums and the squatters. It merely brought the problem to everyone's attention."
Adam agrees and offers the national housing policy, Haiti's first, as a possible answer. Published three months ago, it recommends mortgage schemes among other things, though the banks have yet to come on board.
A woman fixes a clothes line next to her temporary housing tent in Port-au-Prince, in 2013. Photograph: Dieu Nalio Chery/AP
But the finance minister, Wilson Laleau, is doubtful rebuilding will have any real impact on living conditions until Haiti finds another developmental axis. "Port-au-Prince's problem is Port-au-Prince. It swallows everything," he says.
Not everyone is complaining. Jean-Arnold Farfan, a security guard, used the post-quake chaotic anonymity to exercise squatter's rights over a small plot of land. "If the quake hadn't happened, I would never, in my life, been able to have a house of my own," he says. Farfan, 43, describes the process by which collective catastrophe metamorphosed into a personal triumph. Till the quake, he rented a house with his wife and two children. "Living in a tent camp meant we saved on rent. When I found some land, I built a small house from those savings."
His story illustrates a Creole saying, "catastrof se pa negatif net" (catastrophe is not wholly negative). But that may be hard to stomach if you're Jimmy or Magalie, or countless others in a city that is rebuilding slowly and painfully.
Some names in this article have been changed
With DreamHack Masters Malmö kicking off tomorrow, we have put together all the information you need in our viewer's guide including the groups, the casters, the schedule, and more.
The event which offers $250,000 in cash prizes will be the first edition of Dreamhack Masters and will be played in Malmö, Sweden. The tournament will run from the 12th of April to the 17th.
Four groups of four teams will play the group stage off-stage in the Malmö Arena from April 12-14 but it will be covered by the broadcast team from DreamHack's studio located in Stockholm. Then the playoffs will be played on-stage from April 16-17.
The group stage will have a best-of-one GSL format but the decider matches will be played as best-of-threes. Top two from each group will advance to the playoffs that will start on Saturday, which means the teams will have Friday to themselves.
Groups can be found below:
*Hover over team names to see lineups
The playoffs will start with the quarter-finals and will be best-of-threes all the way through. The event will run for six days. Below is the full schedule:
Tuesday, April 12th 11:00 Luminosity TYLOO vs. BO1 12:30 Liquid mousesports vs. BO1 14:00 Natus Vincere GODSENT vs. BO1 15:30 G2 CLG vs. BO1 17:00 Astralis CSGL vs. BO1 18:30 NiP Dignitas vs. BO1 20:00 Virtus.pro FaZe vs. BO1 21:30 Envy Tempo Storm vs. BO1 Wednesday, April 13th 11:00 Group A elimination match BO1 12:30 Group B elimination match BO1 14:00 Group C elimination match BO1 15:30 Group D elimination match BO1 17:00 Group A winners' match BO1 18:30 Group B winners' match BO1 20:00 Group C winners' match BO1 21:30 Group D winners' match BO1 Thursday, April 14th 11:00 Group A decider BO3 14:00 Group B decider BO3 17:00 Group C decider BO3 20:00 Group D decider BO3 Saturday, April 16th 11:00 Quarter-final #1 BO3 14:00 Quarter-final #2 BO3 17:00 Quarter-final #3 BO3 20:00 Quarter-final #4 BO3 Sunday, April 17th 12:00 Semi-final #1 BO3 15:00 Semi-final #2 BO3 19:00 Grand final BO3
The following twelve-man crew will bring you all the action via DreamHack's twitch channel:
Sue "Smix" Lee - Stage host Pala "Mantrousse" Gilroy Sen - Content / Mixed zone Anders Blume - Commentator
Auguste "Semmler" Massonat - Commentator
Henry "HenryG" Greer - Commentator
Matthew "Sadokist" Trivett - Commentator
Vince "Metuz" Hill - Commentator Alex "Machine" Richardson - Panel host
Duncan "Thorin" Shields - Analyst
Janko "YNk" Paunović - Analyst
Jason "moses" O'Toole - Analyst
Robin "Fifflaren" Johansson - Analyst
The winner team will take home $100,000 and the prize distrubition will look as follows:
1. - $100,000
2. - $50,000
3-4. - $22,000
5-8. - $10,000
9-16. - $2,000
There are still tickets left if you want to watch the playoffs from the Malmö Arena and you can buy your tickets on Ticketmaster.
We will also release a preview for the tournament in the upcoming hours, so keep your eyes open for that. Our crew will be in Sweden to bring you a full coverage of the first ever DreamHack Masters, including interviews, galleries, stats and more so be sure to follow @HLTVorg on Twitter.
Follow HLTV.org writer BenjaCS on Twitter.
It's the same cycle whenever Pedro speaks to the media after a Barcelona home game. First, the questions about the game; then those about his future. He's always diplomatic and gives little away, but you know his brain is whirring with ‘what ifs?'
The question will likely be raised when Barça speak to the press today (Wed) from their hotel in San Francisco ahead of Saturday's sell-out pre-season friendly against Manchester United. Pedro's manager Luis Enrique was asked about him two days ago and told the Catalan daily Sport: "Pedro? If he wants to go, a club will have to meet his release clause. I have talked with Pedro to discuss his situation. I have told him how I think about it and he told me how he feels about it. I obviously won't reveal the exact content of the conversation we had."
United are interested in the Barça frontman. They're not close to a deal, but the interest is more than speculation.
Pedro, 27, can play on the left or right. Spain boss Vicente del Bosque even used him as a full back for five weeks during Euro 2012 because he felt he was short of cover in that position. So Pedro trained every day as a defender but played as a forward.
It's that adaptability which has contributed to his success, even if it wasn't easy. Moving from Abades, a village of 800 close to Tenerife's busiest tourist airport, to Barcelona was a culture shock.
“The adaptation was difficult from a village on a small island to a metropolis,” he told me last season. “There was so much traffic and I saw a road with six lanes of traffic all going in the same direction. I struggled to adapt to the new rhythm of the city, the Catalan language. I can now understand it, but I'd like to speak it better. The culture was different, the food, the people. So many people from all around the world. It was a big change.”
Pedro adapted, found, a manager who believed in him in Pep Guardiola and his career took off when he was promoted from Guardiola's reserve team to the first team in 2008-09.
The son of a petrol station worker from Tenerife's capital Santa Cruz, Pedro Rodriguez Ledesma's 23 goals made him one of the stand-outs in his opening season. He's a character too – as was noted during Barça's title 2009 celebrations. As players took to the microphone and shouted “Forever Barça, Forever Catalunya”, Pedro stepped up and hollered “Forever Barça, Forever Tenerife!” Even the most sober Catalans laughed.
He came on in the 2009 Champions League final against United. The following season he made his Spain debut. Within just six weeks he was a World Cup winner.
“I played against Saudi Arabia in May,” he said, “then scored my first goal a week later. I played in five World Cup games.”
Spain's striker Pedro sprays champagne as he celebrates on a stage set up for the Spanish team victory ceremony in Madrid on July 12, 2010 a day after they won the 2010 FIFA football World Cup match against the Netherlands in JohannesburgAFP
He was renowned as being a hard worker, difficult to play against with a very good goalscoring record, including in big matches for club and country. In that glorious breakthrough season, Pedro became the first player to score in six different club competitions in one season.
He settled in Molins del Rei, a working class town surrounded by industry outside Barcelona, which is where his wife is from. He lives unpretentiously.
“The people see me every day, in the bread shop or cafes with my small dog Ronnie or our little boy,” he said. “I didn't call Ronnie after either Ronaldo. There are Barça, Espanyol and Madrid fans there, but all are friendly with me. There's a good Argentinian restaurant in Molins, we're happy there.”
And he put his goalscoring success down to working on his shooting “especially from distance”, adding: “You need more than that. Maybe I'm lucky or maybe it was down to my teammates who made my work much easier.”
Opinion is divided on the best position for the two-footed winger.
“I can play on both sides, but I play more on the left so I'd have to say that,” he said. “As for my feet, I use my right more. I tend to score twice as many goals with my right as my left.”
Much of his success, he says, is down to Barça's youth academy.
“The club have a very clear idea of how we should play football. Receive, pass, move. Learn to do this very quickly and you have an advantage.
“We also have role models in front of us. I could see players like Xavi and Iniesta, they could see players like Guardiola. Youth gets a chance here.”
Barcelona's midfielder Xavi Hernandez (L) and Barcelona's midfielder Andres Iniesta celebrate with the trophy after the UEFA Champions League Final football match between Juventus and FC Barcelona at the Olympic Stadium in Berlin on June 6, 2015AFP
Pedro had a dream start but his career ran out of steam through little fault of his own. The Canarian is now 27, with over 300 Barça games and 50 Spanish appearances to his name. If his career ended tomorrow then it would have been a massive success, but there would be a lingering thought that he's faded from view.
Pedro should be at his peak, but he's got to get into a side with three of the best players in the world. Messi is the best; the other two, Neymar and Suarez, weren't signed for big money to sit on a bench.
Barcelona's Brazilian forward Neymar da Silva Santos Junior celebrates after the UEFA Champions League Final football match between Juventus and FC Barcelona at the Olympic Stadium in Berlin on June 6, 2015AFP
In danger of becoming a peripheral figure, he played fewer minutes last season than in any since that breakthrough season. Having been involved in 50 Barça games last season sounds impressive, but he started in only 15 of 38 league games and just four of the 13 Champions League matches. He played a token minute in the final against Juventus in Berlin. His 11 goals were another drop from the 19 the season before and well down. If he doesn't play then he can't score.
Pedro could live with his situation being Messi, Neymar plus one when it was Alexis Sanchez. But his situation has been made more difficult since the arrival and subsequent successful form of Suarez. If he wants to play for Spain in Euro 2016 then he'll be in a far better position
So he's had to think about his future and the links with England.
“He's got the attitude and robustness which would fit well into English football and his pace is extraordinary,” said Spanish football expert Graham Hunter.
The last time I spoke to him, he talked favourably of English football, as Spanish players tend to do.
“I love playing in England,” he said. “The stadiums are full and loud, the fans really proud of their teams. I played against Arsenal and Chelsea, plus Celtic in Scotland. That's one of the best. I'd love to play at Old Trafford too.”
He meant as a Barça player; it could be in a United shirt.
Andy Mitten
Love Manchester United? Connect with fans at Manchester United Forum on Facebook and manutdforum.org
The external debt of Russia has fallen by 30% since the summer of 2014
The external debt of Russia has sunken rapidly and drastically. Since summer 2014 it was diminished by 30%, not least because of the sanctions against Russia and the devaluation of the Rouble. On one hand the experts see this as a positive trait — now the government has no problematically high debts abroad, on the other hand, such a situation indicates, that both Russians and foreigners have lost their trust in Russia's future.
The whole private and public external debt of Russia has sunken already by 18% to the end of the year from its $733 Billion peak in the end of June 2014. It has sunken by 30% to June 2015 with the highest level now being $516 Billion. According to first estimations of the Central Bank, until March 2016 the dept stayed on the same level.
Meanwhile, the external debt of the government (without the Central Bank or state-owned companies taken into accord) even decreased by almost a half (~46%) from June 2014 to March 2016. In the end of March 2016 the debt was worth scarcely $30,8 Billion with its share in the total external debt diminished by another 6%.
Banks and state-owned companies forced up the external debt
Thus the government itself, unlike many other countries, has no problematically high debts abroad, emphasizes Chris Miller, Russia-expert at the Yale University near New York. He has commented on the development of the Russian external debt since 2004, recently. Below you may find a summary of his main assessments.
The Russian bank's raising of credits had a share of one third in the rapid increase of external debts in the private sector from the number of $100 Billion up to $659 Billion within one year.
The second most important factor of external debt rising have been state-owned companies, especially in the energy sector, such as Gazprom and Rosneft.
Due to shortage of translation staff we've made a translation of the remaining part of the article via Google Translate. We apologize for the inconvenience.
What effect did the oil price slump, Rouble crash and sanctions have on the situation?
As long as oil prices were high, Western investors gladly gave loans to Russia. With the imposition of sanctions, the credit markets, however, were closed in the West. Ultimately, Rosneft could refinance itself only with the help of the Central Bank. They accepted new Rosneft-loans as collateral (a measure which was, for example, sharply criticized by Sergei Gurijew, rector of the Moscow New School of Economics in 2013 and future chief-economist of the London EBRD).
Russian banks have been particularly affected by the Rouble slump. They cannot service their debts, like the Russian energy exporters, in foreign currencies with foreign exchange revenue, but only with devalued Rouble revenues. This is also the reason why the external debt of the banks has declined by 38% since 2014, way faster than companies outside the financial sector have reduced their external debt (-20%). In addition to that, some of the largest Russian banks were sanctioned, and, thus, could not take loans in the West.
In the fall of 2014, the Central Bank took on measures, that have helped banks to refinance their Dollar credits. But they linked the provision of additional liquidity, so Miller, with a resolute fight against poorly managed banks in order to reduce the risk for the Russian taxpayer to bear the losses.
Reduced movement of capital shows loss of confidence in Russia's future
Millers Conclusion: the earlier rapid influx of foreign capital was evidence of investors awaiting significant growth in Russia. The decrease in external debt is a sign, that Russians and foreigners have little confidence in Russia's future.
However, Miller praises the role of the Central Bank in this process: it happens rather rarely for countries to deleverage their debts with so little “financial chaos”.
If you want to help Russia Insider and its translations to get better — join the team of volunteer translators. For further information, please contact [email protected]
The twenty-nine West Coast ports that are a critical entry point for billions of dollars in trade with Asia will be shut down for four of the next five days.
Management is halting operations, claiming that 20,000 or so union port workers have been engaged in a work slowdown since November. It doesn't want to pay union workers 50% overtime for Lincoln's Birthday, which is Thursday, or the three-day Presidents Day weekend, amid the slowdown. Ports will be open on Friday.
The International Longshore Workers Union denies it is engaged in any job action. It says that ports are suffering from severe congestion due to higher trade volume and some technical issues.
The union has been negotiating for a new contract since May, and is currently working under the terms of a contract that expired in July. It has not threatened to strike.
The Pacific Maritime Association, which represents 72 companies including shipping lines, port terminal operators and the companies that load and unload ships, says it has made a lucrative offer to the union which would raise salaries by 14% over five years, on top of current average full-time wages of $147,000 per year.
The union says a shutdown is unnecessary, and that the two sides are close to an agreement.
Related: Oil worker strike grows larger
"We want to go to work, and they're blaming us," said union president Robert McEllrath in a message to his members late Wednesday. He said the shutdown is a management tactic to try to divide the union. "Nobody divides the ILWU," he vowed.
McEllrath said the union has been waiting five days for management to return to the bargaining table, and that talks are set to resume on Thursday.
One thing everyone agrees on: The ports have been backed up since November. Ships from Asia often need to anchor for 10 days or more outside of the ports, before they can unload their goods. That in turn is costing companies like retailers, billions of dollars.
The retailers criticized both sides in a statement Wednesday and called on the White House to intervene.
Related: Hundreds of Ford workers get nearly 50% raise
"Retailers and the rest of the supply chain are frustrated beyond belief," said Jon Gold, a vice president at the National Retail Federation. "The brinkmanship needs to stop. This stalemate is hurting American businesses, their employees and consumers."
The NRF estimates that a full strike or lockout at the West Coast ports could cost the economy $1.9 billion a day, though it declined to estimate what the four-day shutdown will cost.
Saturday, the White House announced that Secretary of Labor Tom Perez will meet with the two sides in California and urge them to reach an agreement, according to principal deputy press secretary Eric Schultz.
Even after a deal is reached, the congestion will take some time to clear up, according to Jon Slangerup, CEO of the Port of Long Beach. It could be six to eight weeks after that before deliveries return to normal.
We have just started using a new compression algorithm called Courgette to make Google Chrome updates small.
We have built Google Chrome to address multiple factors that affect browser security . One of the pillars of our approach is to keep the software up to date, so we push out updates to Google Chrome fairly regularly. On the stable channel these are mainly security bug fixes, but the updates are more adventurous and numerous on developer channel.
It is an anathema to us to push out a whole new 10MB update to give you a ten line security fix. We want smaller updates because it narrows the window of vulnerability. If the update is a tenth of the size, we can push ten times as many per unit of bandwidth. We have enough users that this means more users will be protected earlier. A secondary benefit is that a smaller update will work better for users who don't have great connectivity.
Rather then push put a whole new 10MB update, we send out a diff that takes the previous version of Google Chrome and generates the new version. We tried several binary diff algorithms and have been using bsdiff up until now. We are big fans of bsdiff - it is small and worked better than anything else we tried.
But bsdiff was still producing diffs that were bigger than we felt were necessary. So we wrote a new diff algorithm that knows more about the kind of data we are pushing - large files containing compiled executables. Here are the sizes for the recent 190.1->190.4 update on the developer channel:
Full update : 10,385,920 bytes
: 10,385,920 bytes bsdiff update : 704,512 bytes
: 704,512 bytes Courgette update: 78,848 bytes
The small size in combination with Google Chrome's silent update means we can update as often as necessary to keep users safe.
More information on how Courgette works can be found here
Posted by Stephen Adams, Software Engineer
Atsuo Ito, a political analyst, said that while a donation by Mr. Abe of his own money would have been legal, it would be “an ethical problem” for him, because “it could mean his statements until now have been lies, which would be a big incident that would shake the government.”
Mr. Kagoike said he recalled having receiving donations in September 2015 “including money donated by Abe.”
He did not elaborate but said he would provide more information to Parliament. Mr. Abe's party, the Liberal Democrats, had resisted opposition demands to call Mr. Kagoike to testify, but relented on Thursday after Mr. Kagoike's remarks, according to NHK, the national broadcaster. Mr. Kagoike will testify on March 23, NHK said.
In Mr. Kagoike's meeting with the lawmakers in Osaka on Thursday, he elaborated somewhat, members of the parliamentary group said afterward. Mr. Kagoike told them he had received 1 million yen from Mrs. Abe when she gave a speech at the kindergarten in September 2015, they said. The lawmakers also quoted him as saying he believed some of the money had come from the prime minister.
Mr. Abe's defense minister, Tomomi Inada, has also been embroiled in the scandal. A former lawyer, she helped defend Moritomo Gakuen in a lawsuit in 2004, but under questioning in Parliament she initially denied working for the group. She retracted that statement this week and apologized, saying she had forgotten, but opposition parties have demanded that she resign.
Officials in Osaka prefecture said this week they were considering filing a criminal complaint against Moritomo Gakuen over irregularities in the school's licensing application.
In early publicity materials for the new school, Mr. Kagoike proposed naming it after Mr. Abe, a champion of conservative causes who has driven changes to Japan's school system, including revisions in history textbooks to soften depictions of Japan's wartime atrocities in its former Asian empire.
The Finance Ministry allowed Moritomo Gakuen to acquire the land — a two-acre vacant lot near an airport in an Osaka suburb — for 134 million yen, or about $1.17 million, one-seventh its assessed value. Additional subsides for clearing landfill reduced Moritomo's outlay to next to nothing.
CSS Architecture for Design Systems
We just created a design system for a huge organization and established a CSS architecture we're quite pleased with. It's one of the first times I've ever gotten to a project's finish line without wishing I'd done at least a few things differently. So I thought it would be great to share how we went about creating our system's CSS architecture.
To give a bit of a context for the project, we were tasked with creating a design system and style guide meant to serve the organization's thousands of developers, who employ a vast array of technologies to build their over 500 internal web applications.
The overwhelming majority of the organization's developers don't specialize in frontend development but rather focus on application programming, data, and logic. Because these time-stretched developers need to get their apps up and running quickly, they'd often simply copy and paste frontend code from other applications or reach for frameworks like Bootstrap to get the UI job done. As you might expect, the cumulative result of these actions is a hodgepodge of incongruent web experiences. Of course this is what we were aiming to remedy by building the organization their own a thoughtful, robust UI design system.
Establish CSS Principles
At the beginning of the project, we talked with developers about their process and pain points, and asked how an interface design system could make their lives easier.
We went through and completed my frontend guidelines questionnaire, which resulted in a set of frontend principles that were to be encapsulated within the system. Here are the CSS-specific principles we established:
Make it modular. – The design system is modular in every way, which very much applies to the way CSS is written. There should be clear separation between components.
– The design system is modular in every way, which very much applies to the way CSS is written. There should be clear separation between components. Legibility is key. – Developers should be able to understand CSS code at a glance and understand the purpose of any given selector.
– Developers should be able to understand CSS code at a glance and understand the purpose of any given selector. Clarity trumps succinctness – The design system may sometimes seem verbose, but it delivers clarity and reslience in exchange. Keeping CSS legible and scalable means sacrificing a shorter syntax.
– The design system may sometimes seem verbose, but it delivers clarity and reslience in exchange. Keeping CSS legible and scalable means sacrificing a shorter syntax. Keep things flat – Long selector strings should be avoided wherever possible in order to keep CSS as DOM-independent and modular as possible.
– Long selector strings should be avoided wherever possible in order to keep CSS as DOM-independent and modular as possible. Avoid conflicts – Since components will be deployed to many different applications, it's critical to ensure that the design system's CSS doesn't conflict with other libraries and systems. This is accomplished by the system's namespacing of class names, described in more detail below.
From there, we established conventions and a syntax that embraced these principles in order to meet developers' needs. Here's a look at the class syntax we came up with:
Global Namespace
All classes associated with the design system are prefixed with a global namespace, which is the Company Name followed by a hyphen:
.cn-
If you're working on a CSS architecture that is only meant to be served to a single site or if you have a lot of control over your environment, including a global namespace is likely unnecessary. But if your design system is intermingling with other technologies, it might make sense to create an identifier for system-specific code. Lightning Design System employs a similar approach for their system (with the prefix .slds- ) as third-party developers make use of their system in environments Salesforce may not control. In our case, many of our client's developers use Angular so they're already familiar with the notion of a namespace, since Angular uses ng- as a namespace for Angular-specific code.
Class prefixes
In addition to a global namespace, we added prefixes to each class to make it more apparent what job that class is doing. Here's what class prefixes we landed on:
c- for UI components, such as .cn-c-card or .cn-c-header
for UI components, such as or l- for layout-related styles, such as .cn-l-grid__item or .cn-l--two-column
for layout-related styles, such as or u- for utilities, such as .cn-u-margin-bottom-double or .cn-u-margin-bottom-double
for utilities, such as or is- and has- for specific states, such as .cn-is-active or .cn-is-disabled . These state-based classes would apply to
and for specific states, such as or . These state-based classes would apply to js- for targeting JavaScript-specific functionality, such as .js-modal-trigger . No styles are bound to these classes; they're reserved for behavior only. For most cases, these js- classes would toggle state-based classes to an element.
I was introduced to this concept by Harry Roberts, and while I thought they made sense, I was a little skeptical at first simply because it was extra characters and I thought that the prefixes might actually decrease code legibility. That wasn't the case at all. After implementing the class prefixes, we found them to be extremely helpful for clarifying the role of each class and made it easy to decipher an application's codebase at a glance. This kind of clarity is especially helpful for the design system users to be able to easily make heads or tails of things.
BEM syntax
BEM stands for “Block Element Modifier”, which means:
Block is the primary component block, such as .cn-c-card or .cn-c-btn
is the primary component block, such as or Element is a child of the primary block, such as .cn-c-card__title
is a child of the primary block, such as Modifier is a variation of a component style, such as .cn-c-alert--error
This methodology has been gaining a lot of popularity, and combining these concepts with the global namespace and class prefixes allowed us to create even more explicit, encapsulated class names.
Putting it all together: anatomy of a class
The combination of a global namespace, category prefixes, and BEM syntax results in an explicit (and yes, verbose) class string that allows developers to deduce what job it plays in constructing the UI.
Let's take a look at the following example:
.cn-c-btn--secondary
cn- is the global namespace for all styles coming from the design system.
is the global namespace for all styles coming from the design system. c- is the category of class, which in this case c- means “component”
is the category of class, which in this case means “component” btn is the block name (“Block” being the “B” in BEM)
is the block name (“Block” being the “B” in BEM) --secondary is a modifier, indicating a stylistic variation of the block (“Modifier” being the “M” in BEM)
Here's another example:
.cn-l-grid__item
cn- once again is the system's global namespace.
once again is the system's global namespace. l- is the category of class, which in this case l- means “layout”
is the category of class, which in this case means “layout” grid is the block name
is the block name __item is an element, indicating that this is a child of the block (“Element” being the “E” in BEM)
And one more:
.cn-c-primary-nav__submenu
cn- is the system's global namespace.
is the system's global namespace. c- is the category of class, which in this case c - means “component”
is the category of class, which in this case c means “component” primary-nav is the block name
is the block name __submenu is an element, indicating that this is a child of the block (“Element” being the “E” in BEM)
Again, there's no doubt these classes are more verbose than most other approaches out there, but for this specific system these conventions made a lot of sense.
Other tricks
Being explicit with minutia
In order to prevent things from falling apart we detailed how to handle a lot of the minor details like comments, spacing around code blocks, tabs vs spaces, etc. Thankfully, Harry Roberts has put together an excellent and comprehensive resource called CSS Guidelines, which we used as our baseline for these kinds of conventions. We combed through everything and flagged areas where we planned on deviating from what Harry spelled out.
Sass parent selectors
One issue I've always had with CSS is figuring out where the hell to put a given rule. If I have a a primary navigation component, but want to adjust its alignment when it appears within a header component, do I put those styles in my header or primary navigation Sass partial? Thankfully, Sass parent selectors exist, which allows us to keep all component-specific styles under one roof:
.cn-c-primary-nav { /** * Nav appearing in header * 1) Right-align navigation when it appears in the header */ .cn-c-header & { margin-left: auto; /* 1 */ } }
This means all my primary navigation styles can be found in the primary navigation Sass partial, rather than splitting them between multiple files.
Explicit rules around Sass nesting
Nesting in Sass can be very convenient, but runs the risk of poor output with overly long selector strings. We followed the Inception Rule and never nested Sass more than three layers deep.
Keeping the design system's CSS flatness principle in mind, we wanted to limit nesting to the following use cases:
Modifiers of a style block Media queries Parent selectors States
1. Style block modifiers
For modifiers, if the rule is only a few lines long, the modifier can be nested inside the parent like so:
.cn-c-alert { border : 1 px solid gray ; color : gray ; /** * Error Alert */ & --error { border-color : red ; color : red ; } }
Thanks to the & symbol, this would compile to:
.cn-c-alert { border : 1 px solid gray ; color : gray ; } .cn-c-alert--error { border-color : red ; color : red ; }
For longer style blocks we didn't nest the modifier code as it reduced the legibility of the code.
2. Media queries
Component-specific media queries should be nested inside the component block.
.cn-c-primary-nav { /* Base styles */ /** * 1) On larger displays, convert to a horizontal list */ @ media all and ( min-width : 40 em ) { display: flex; } }
This compiles to:
.cn-c-primary-nav { /* Base styles */ } @media all and ( min-width : 40 ems ) { .cn-c-primary-nav { display : flex; } }
3. Parent selectors
The design system will make use of Sass's parent selector mechanism. This allows all rules for a given component to be maintained in one location.
.cn-c-primary-nav { /** * Nav appearing in header * 1) Right-align navigation when it appears in the header */ .cn -c-header & { margin-left : auto ; /* 1 */ } }
This will compile to:
.cn-c-header .cn-c-primary-nav { display : flex; }
All styles for cn-c-primary-nav should be found in one place, rather than scattered throughout multiple partial files.
4. States
States of a component should be included as a nested element. This includes hover , focus , and active states:
.cn-c-btn { background : blue ; &:hover, &:focus { background: red ; } }
This will compile to:
.cn-c-btn { background : blue ; } .cn-c-btn :hover , .cn-c-btn :focus { background : red ; }
States can also take the form of utility classes, such as is- and has- :
.cn-c-accordion__panel { overflow : hidden ; max-height : 0 ; &.cn -is-active { max-height : 40 em ; } }
This will compile to:
.cn-c-accordion__panel { overflow : hidden ; max-height : 0 ; } .cn-c-accordion__panel.cn-is-active { max-height : 40 em ; }
Putting these rules in place gave us some constraints and conventions we needed to adhere to in order to create a solid system. When we ran into instances where a convention wasn't obvious or a solution could be handled in a few different ways, we'd have a conversation about how to handle it and update the guidelines if needed.
Does this work for everybody?
Before you get all hot and bothered and start disagreeing with the specific decisions we made in creating our system, recognize that this architecture made sense for the system we were working on. Does this mean it's a bulletproof solution for every project? No, and I'm not proposing that. The specific needs and setup of the organization should very much influence your design system's CSS architecture.
I work on plenty of projects where I can get by with strings like .table-of-contents li a , but those projects are mostly managed by me. For client projects that involve working in a team environment, I'm very much gravitating towards more verbose, explicit syntaxes like I described above because they provide less room for people to screw things up. It's great to see other teams like Sparkbox come to similar conclusions.
After a few weeks away from the project, we're returning to continue work on version 1.1 of the design system. I'm looking forward to coming back to this code base and seeing how quickly I can get re-acclimated with it!
In an interview with Glixel, Bethesda Game Studios director and executive producer Todd Howard had plenty of positive things to say about Switch.
Howard was able to get a look at Nintendo's new system at E3 in June. Whatever was presented, he said that it was “probably the best demo I've ever seen.”
Howard also said that Bethesda is “definitely going to be supporting it.” He made note of the fact that this is really the first time the company will be involved with a Nintendo platform since the NES days.
Finally, it was further suggested that The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim will be on Switch. That certainly makes sense, as it appeared in Nintendo's announcement trailer for the console.
Here's the full transcript of the Switch conversation:
What do you think of the Switch, Nintendo's newly announced console that is portable but also hooks up to your TV?
I love it. I got to play it. I will tell you – well, maybe that's an N.D.A. thing. One of the best demos I've ever seen. Probably the best demo I've ever seen. At E3. Was it a Nintendo game?
I mean the device itself. I think it's really smart what they're doing. We're definitely going to be supporting it. It's the first time we've done something on Nintendo. If you don't count the old NES stuff. Home Alone. Or Where's Waldo? Can you really bring Skyrim with you on the go?
It's the same game on the TV and on the other screen.
Source
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Google
More
Email
Print
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Pocket
Board for Control of Cricket in India secretary Anurag Thakur said the Governing Council of the Indian Premier League was deliberating whether the 2017 edition of the cash-rich tournament could be held abroad. (Full IPL coverage)
"The IPL Governing Council will be looking at the venues in India and abroad. We have to check the availability of the venues and prevailing conditions," Thakur told during an interaction with journalists at the BCCI's Delhi headquarters.
The IPL has been twice played outside India both being assembly election years. In 2009, the league was moved for the entire duration to South Africa, while in 2014, it was shifted to the United Arab Emirates for the first 15 days. (Also read: Now, High Court questions IPL matches in drought-hit Rajasthan)
It was evident that the BCCI top brass is deliberating on the issue when BCCI treasurer Aniruddh Chaudhary had tweeted four days back: "Very soon IPL may be played outside the country, if this goes on. Loss to the GDP would not be insignificant."
The IPL has been rocked by one controversy after another from its inception year but during this edition, the spate of Public Interest Litigations (PIL) filed by various organisations has thrown the itinerary into disarray. (Also read: Kings XI Punjab choose Dharamsala as second home venue)
Already 12 IPL matches have been moved out of drought-hit Maharashtra on the Bombay High Court's directive after a PIL was filed claiming that a substantial quantity of water was being used in maintaining the various cricket stadiums in the state.
"I have asked the state units to check water-harvesting structure," Thakur said.
The BCCI secretary also said in no uncertain terms that if the Lodha Committee recommendations pertaining to curtailment of advertisement is implemented, then it will have a sharp negative impact on BCCI's revenue structure.
"We will have to rethink about the gratis (pension) that is paid to ex-players (former Test and first-class cricketers)," Thakur said.
The value of broadcast rights post 2017 will also be significantly less if the BCCI has to implement the Lodha Committee recommendations in its current form.
It is also understood that current players, who get 26 percent of BCCI's annual income in their salaries may face a pay cut, so will the IPL franchises, which get a share of the revenue from the BCCI.
There is a school of thought that if there is a drop in revenue and players take a pay-cut, the BCCI will then be compelled to allow them to ply their trade in foreign T20 leagues like the 'Big Bash', Caribbean Premier League (CPL), Bangladesh Premier League, to name a few.
In another move, the BCCI is mulling on having a commentators' academy where those who would aspire a career behind the microphone will get to hone their skills.
"We are planning to have a commentators' academy where interested youngsters who want to take up the profession will be able to hone their skills. And it will cater to various regional languages. We have seen how Virender Sehwag's commentary has struck a chord with the cricket lovers during the recently-concluded World T20," Thakur said.
(With inputs from PTI)
[Update: The positive comments about Bitcoin from numerous federal officials at Monday's Senate hearing, in addition to a letter from Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke to the Homeland Security Committee saying that Bitcoins "may hold long-term promise," caused the digital currency to spike briefly to $900 Monday evening. As of Tuesday morning, however, Bitcoin prices on Mt. Gox had settled back to about $650.]
Anyone wondering why Bitcoin prices are rising need look no further than China.
Since the beginning of November, a massive spike in Chinese buying of the digital currency has almost single-handedly caused Bitcoin prices to triple.
When you look at the numbers, it's almost surreal.
At the start of November, one Bitcoin was worth about $213 on Japan-based Mt. Gox, the world's second-largest Bitcoin exchange. Today (Monday) one Bitcoin traded as high as $675.
Volume on BTC China, where Chinese yuan can be exchanged for Bitcoins, has risen 10-fold in just over a month. Volume jumped from 2,000 to 5,000 Bitcoins traded per day as recently as September to 40,000 to 60,000 Bitcoins traded per day in the past few weeks.
The spike has made BTC China the world's largest Bitcoin exchange by volume, surpassing Mt. Gox, which allows Bitcoin trades in U.S. dollars, euros, and more than a dozen other world currencies.
The sudden surge in Chinese interest in Bitcoin – mostly as buyers – is the primary reason why Bitcoin prices are rising so rapidly.
With the total number of Bitcoins in existence having just crossed the 12 million mark, that means the total value of the currency has soared from about $2.5 billion to about $8 billion in less than three weeks.
While some have dismissed Bitcoin as a fad, the virtual currency has slowly gained traction since its inception by an anonymous creator named Satoshi Nakamoto in 2008.
In the past couple of years, more and more businesses around the world, particularly in Europe, have begun to accept Bitcoin as a form of payment.
In fact, one of the events that triggered Chinese interest in Bitcoin was in late October when Baidu Inc. (Nasdaq ADR: BIDU), a search engine company even more dominant in China than Google Inc. (Nasdaq: GOOG) is in the United States, announced it would take Bitcoin.
But it was a much more dramatic development that sent Chinese in far larger numbers to the BTC China exchange…
Why Bitcoin Prices Are Rising in China
In a very rare move, the Chinese government seems to be actually encouraging its citizens to invest in Bitcoin.
This is one of the most glaring oddities about the popularity of Bitcoin in China, as the Chinese government is not known for allowing rogue economic activity that it cannot control. But the government has done nothing to curb the Bitcoin craze.
In fact, shortly after Baidu made its October announcement, the official state television network CCTV broadcast an extremely favorable 30-minute documentary on the digital currency. And it's probably not a coincidence that the People's Daily newspaper published a positive story on Bitcoin at about the same time.
It's possible that Beijing sees Bitcoin – an international online currency beyond the control of any central bank – as a way to indirectly poke a few holes in the dominance of the U.S. dollar.
"China realizes that the yuan has to clear a lot of hurdles before it can become a reserve currency. If people start using and holding more Bitcoins in place of the dollar, it would likely lead to a less U.S.-centric global economy and that's what China wants," Kyle Drake, founder of CoinPunk, an open-source hybrid web wallet, told CNBC.
Regardless of Beijing's motives, the double-barreled stamp of approval from the Chinese government sent the populace scurrying to buy as much Bitcoin as they could.
But that still leaves the question: Why? What do the Chinese love about Bitcoin?
Residents in the small border community of Gretna, Man. say they were taken by surprise when Manitoba Housing announced it was setting up a reception centre for asylum seekers in their backyard.
About 80 people turned out for an April 26 meeting, hastily called by Manitoba Housing, in Gretna, a community of 550 on the U.S. border, about 100 kilometres south of Winnipeg.
"We are in the dark, we have no idea. We've just been told that this is happening and that's it," said Rehannon Tkachuk, a Gretna resident who was at the meeting. "It was made very clear to us that they were here to tell us about what's going on, and not to ask for our permission."
Rhineland Reeve Don Wiebe says he got notice of the meeting less than two days before it happened.
"They told us [they] were running out of emergency housing space in Winnipeg and it was critical. And they wanted to use this former seniors' facility as temporary placement for asylum seekers waiting to be panelled as refugees," said Wiebe. "This is a big step for us and we had no time to process it."
An official with Manitoba Housing says more than 400 asylum seekers have crossed the border into Manitoba in recent months. Carolyn Ryan says the province had no choice but to look for temporary housing outside of Winnipeg.
"There are two pieces to the equation: capacity and flow. And right now there is flow coming, the number of people coming in, is happening at a faster rate than people being housed permanently. So our temporary housing in Winnipeg is being backed up. The reception centre in Gretna is hoped to add capacity and help us improve flow," said Ryan.
'How do we explain this to our children?'
The vacant seniors' home on Berlin Street is owned by the province. The fact it is near an elementary school has parents such as Tkachuk worried.
"I don't know about the stranger aspect. We have an extremely small community and see strangers from time to time because we live on the border. But not often. How do we explain this to our children, that we will have strangers coming in and out all the time? We aren't from the city and we are not used to this," said Tkachuk.
Ryan with Manitoba Housing said residents at the meeting were very vocal.
"It got pretty hostile. But it wasn't related to Gretna. It was anger in general over why people are being allowed to cross at all. Why is it happening?" said Ryan.
Others called for increased policing. Gretna has no local police force; RCMP responds from Carman or Morden.
"There is a fair bit of anxiety," Wiebe conceded. "We are under the RCMP and their call-out time can be a while, depending on if they are coming from Carman or Morden. We are talking to RCMP to see what can be done to step up response time."
Ryan said the province has heard residents' concerns — even though the RCMP is a federal responsibility — and is making changes.
"We heard what they had to say about security and safety. So our original plan was on-site staff during the day and overnight security. We are going to adjust that now for 24-hour on-site security," said Ryan.
A right to get some 'fresh air and just breathe'
Those in support of the centre say while they understand the concerns, they question who is raising them. Robin Neustaeter grew up in Gretna and lives there now. She was at the April 26 meeting and says many of those who are opposed don't live in Gretna.
"These people are making assumptions police will be needed. These asylum seekers have gone through an incredible journey and have a lot to process in their minds and hearts. I am sure they will be resting and sleeping, and they will also have a lot of paperwork to do," said Neustaeter.
"If they need an opportunity to step outside and get some fresh air and just breathe, it's a right we all have. And they have the right do do that. I don't see them as a threat to the security of the community at all."
Ryan said the centre will house single people and families coming from Emerson who will stay in Gretna for two or three days.
"We will do their paperwork in Gretna before being transferred to Winnipeg. Their stay will be much shorter and they will be transitioned into permanent housing much more quickly," she said.
Neustaeter said people in Gretna are showing up at the centre volunteering to help with set up or to drop off toys and hygiene items. The facility, which can house up to 60 people, is to open this week.
"They are only here for a few days. And if we can make them feel they are in a safe place, that they get a smile when they come to the centre, they feel cared for, and they feel some compassion before they move on to Winnipeg, that would be wonderful," said Neustaeter.
Wiebe says the Mennonite community has always been a welcoming one.
"While some were upset initially, I am hoping the community will rally behind this and the outcome is positive," said Wiebe.
No one from CBSA was at the April 26 meeting. A provincial spokesperson says the agency was invited, but no one showed up.
Photo
Facebook is already privy to its users' e-mail addresses, wedding pictures and political beliefs. Now, as Somini Sengupta reports in Wednesday's New York Times, the company is nudging them to share a bit more: credit card numbers and offline addresses.
The nudge comes from a new Facebook service called Gifts. It allows Facebook users — only in the United States for now — to buy presents for their friends on the social network. On offer are items as varied as spices from Dean & DeLuca, pajamas from BabyGap and subscriptions to Hulu Plus, the video service. This week Facebook added iTunes gift cards.
The gift service is part of an aggressive moneymaking push aimed at pleasing Facebook's investors after the company's dismal stock market debut. Facebook has stepped up mobile advertising and is starting to customize the marketing messages it shows to users based on their Web browsing outside Facebook.
Those efforts seem to have brought some relief to Wall Street. Analysts issued more bullish projections for the company in recent days, and the stock is up 49 percent from its lowest point, closing Tuesday at $26.15, although that is still well below the initial offering price of $38.
To power the Gifts service, Facebook rented a warehouse in South Dakota and created its own software to track inventory and shipping. It will not say how much it earns from each purchase made through Gifts, though merchants that have a similar arrangement with Amazon.com give it a roughly 15 percent cut of sales.
If it catches on, the service would give Facebook a toehold in the more than $200 billion e-commerce market. Much more important, it would let the company accumulate a new stream of valuable personal data and use it to refine targeted advertisements, its bread and butter.
“The hard part for Facebook was aggregating a billion users. Now it's more about how to monetize those users without scaring them away,” said Colin Sebastian, an analyst with Robert W. Baird.
In an astounding and "unprecedented" new account of U.S. government surveillance, Reuters reported Tuesday that Yahoo secretly scanned all of its customers' incoming emails for a specific set of characters, per request of the National Security Agency (NSA) or FBI.
"The order issued to Yahoo appears to be unprecedented and unconstitutional. The government appears to have compelled Yahoo to conduct precisely the type of general, suspicionless search that the Fourth Amendment was intended to prohibit."
—Patrick Toomey, ACLU
The news agency broke the investigation after speaking with "two former employees and a third person apprised of the events," who described how the email giant complied with the vast government directive and built a custom software program to scan hundreds of millions of accounts for a "specific set of characters."
The classified directive was reportedly sent to the company's legal team last year. "It is not known what information intelligence officials were looking for, only that they wanted Yahoo to search for a set of characters," Reuters reported. "That could mean a phrase in an email or an attachment, said the sources, who did not want to be identified."
Reporter Joseph Menn said that he was "unable to confirm whether the 2015 demand went to other companies, or if any complied." Further, it is not known "what data Yahoo may have handed over, if any.">
Heads up: Any major email service not clearly, categorically denying this tomorrow -- without careful phrasing -- is as guilty as Yahoo. https://t.co/cZSDqi4a49 — Edward Snowden (@Snowden) October 4, 2016
Private surveillance experts consulted by the news outlet said they had "never seen" such a "broad directive for real-time Web collection or one that required the creation of a new computer program," Reuters reported.
According to the reporting, the decision by Yahoo chief executive Marissa Mayer to comply with the government order inflamed some executives. Menn wrote:
They were also upset that Mayer and Yahoo General Counsel Ron Bell did not involve the company's security team in the process, instead asking Yahoo's email engineers to write a program to siphon off messages containing the character string the spies sought and store them for remote retrieval, according to the sources. The sources said the program was discovered by Yahoo's security team in May 2015, within weeks of its installation. The security team initially thought hackers had broken in. When Stamos found out that Mayer had authorized the program, he resigned as chief information security officer and told his subordinates that he had been left out of a decision that hurt users' security, the sources said. Due to a programming flaw, he told them hackers could have accessed the stored emails.
Rights groups were instantly outraged over the report.
Sherif Elsayed-Ali, head of technology and human rights at Amnesty International, minced no words when he declared that, "If true, this news will greatly undermine trust in the internet. For a company to secretly search all incoming email of all its customers in a response to a broad government directive would be a blow to privacy and a serious threat to freedom of expression."
"I wonder how the candidates feel about Yahoo spying on every single customer's emails for NSA/FBI. Will they defend this shameful practice?"
—Edward Snowden
"If true," he continued, "this would demonstrate the failure of U.S. government reforms to curb NSA's tendency to try and indiscriminately vacuum up the world's data. The NSA has clearly not changed its spots."
And Patrick Toomey, a staff attorney with the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), said the order issued "appears to be unprecedented and unconstitutional."
"The government appears to have compelled Yahoo to conduct precisely the type of general, suspicion-less search that the Fourth Amendment was intended to prohibit," he said in a press statement.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
"It is deeply disappointing that Yahoo declined to challenge this sweeping surveillance order, because customers are counting on technology companies to stand up to novel spying demands in court," Toomey continued. "If this surveillance was conducted under Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, this story reinforces the urgent need for Congress to reform the law to prevent dragnet surveillance and require increased transparency."
Outcry was swift on social media:
I wonder how the candidates feel about Yahoo spying on every single customer's emails for NSA/FBI. Will they defend this shameful practice? — Edward Snowden (@Snowden) October 4, 2016
With a single article by @josephmenn, Yahoo's transparency report is instantly turned into a sick joke. https://t.co/xeUqSEyBEG pic.twitter.com/h9IQzIhXel — Christopher Soghoian (@csoghoian) October 4, 2016
No doubt that other telecom providers were asked to search emails like #Yahoo. Some resisted, like Qwest did in 2000 when NSA sought help. — Tim Shorrock (@TimothyS) October 4, 2016
This shouldn't be acceptable, but it should be expected at this point - Yahoo Secretly Scanned Emails For NSA/FBI https://t.co/AFi4m0AH1u — Gregg Housh (@GreggHoush) October 4, 2016
Funny, doesn't look like Yahoo's transparency report indicated how EVERY SINGLE EMAIL was searched for the NSA. https://t.co/COAJ28sOzF — Kevin Bankston (@KevinBankston) October 4, 2016
The Fourth Amendment implications are staggering. Yahoo as agent of government scans all email, devoid of probable cause, particularity, etc pic.twitter.com/kx510PHH9n — Andrew Crocker (@agcrocker) October 4, 2016
And Mike Masnick noted at TechDirt that the news "comes out less than a week after the NY Times had a big report on how Mayer de-prioritized security, despite having built up a great team of computer security experts called 'The Paranoids'."
"Mayer apparently downplayed or blocked their efforts," Masnick wrote, "leading many to go elsewhere."
He continued:
Now, there are still a number of open questions about this: chief among them if others, such as Google, Microsoft, Facebook, and Twitter were similarly compelled to create similar software. [...] It seems clear that Yahoo either didn't think it could win a legal fight over this (certainly a possibility), or that it just didn't want to. At the very least, this seems like yet another example of totally secretive rulemaking by the US government on what surveillance capabilities are legal, without any public review or adversarial process designed to make sure that civil liberties are protected. I know that many of the more paranoid folks out there think that the NSA already had deals with the big companies to scan all content, but they weren't supposed to, and as far as we knew they did not as of a few years ago. But if that changed last year, that's a big, big deal, and much more information needs to become public on this.
"This is a clear sign that people can trust neither their government nor their service providers to respect their privacy," added Elsayed-Ali. "Free speech online, and in society in general, cannot thrive in a world where governments can pry into our private lives at will."
The release of the new Muppets movie has a lot of people revisiting Kermit's classic song, “The Rainbow Connection.”
And rightfully so. It's a fantastic song. It's happy and heartwarming, and even a little poignant at times.
But it starts with an odd assumption: that there are already a lot of songs about rainbows, and that we should be familiar with them, in order to ponder the question:
“Why are there so many songs about rainbows/and what's on the other side?”
Wait. Hold on. Just how many songs are there about rainbows?
Well, there's “Over the Rainbow,” the classic song from The Wizard of Oz and a staple of the American songbook.
And then there's… there's… well, I don't know about you, but I can't name any songs about rainbows off the top of my head other than “The Rainbow Connection” and “Over the Rainbow.”
I started to get suspicious. I wanted hard, quantitative data on songs about rainbows. Fortunately, I came across a huge dataset of songs on the Billboard charts from 1890-2011.* With over 38,000 entries, this isn't the entirety of pop music output during that time, but it's certainly a highly representative one. Using frequency of words in song titles as a proxy for songs being “about” something, I crunched the numbers…
…and found that there are only 42 (Billboard-charting) songs about rainbows.**
It gets even more disappointing when you compare that to the frequency of other topics of Billboard-charting songs: there are over 3,300 songs about “love,” for example. There are even more songs about “sex” and its variants, e.g. “sexy” (50) than “rainbow(s).”
That prompted me to worry that there may be more songs about “fuck” and its variants than rainbows, too, but that turned out not to be the case. Yet.
So it turns out that there aren't many songs about rainbows after all, much less those that also explore “what's on the other side.” This may cause us to entirely rethink the meaning of “The Rainbow Connection.” When Kermit claims to hear voices, perhaps it's not “the sweet sound that called the young sailors.” Perhaps it's the same delusional thoughts that led him to believe that there are a lot of songs about rainbows, when in fact, there are only 42.
Or perhaps Kermit is tapping into musical traditions outside of the pop music that appears on the Billboard Charts. The lyrics of French medieval ballads could be full of references to rainbows.
Actually, there's a far more mundane explanation for this. It's not that there are so many unique, individual songs about rainbows out there. It's that “Over the Rainbow” is so insanely popular and is performed or played so frequently that we get the impression that there are in fact “so many songs about rainbows.”
This is the most likely explanation, albeit less interesting than the mental illness interpretation. Sounds off in the comments if you have any alternative theories!
—
*The linked article reports on the genesis of the “Whitburn Project,” which was back in 2008. Others have since updated the dataset with more recent songs; hence, the 1890-2011 timeframe. You can download that updated dataset here if you're curious.
**There are actually less than 42 distinct songs about Rainbows in the dataset. There are only 27 unique song titles; the 42 count includes multiple versions of the same song title (7 for “Over the Rainbow” and “I'm Always Chasing Rainbows” each). I stuck with 42 since the every other data point is for song instances instead of unique song titles.
Update: Here's the full list of 42 songs about rainbows. Any of these sound familiar?
A white paper published on Thursday laid out the country's five-year plan for the development on new satellites, spacecraft and a space station and provided the official confirmation of China 's lunar ambitions.
The landing is not expected until at least 2020 but under the government's blueprints "new technological breakthroughs" in human space flight will be achieved by 2016.
The country hopes to complete it first space station in the same year, a goal encouraged by the successful mission to dock two unmanned spacecraft in orbit last month.
“Chinese people are the same as people around the world,” Zhang Wei, an official with China's National Space Administration, told the Financial Times.
“When looking up at the starry sky, we are full of longing and yearning for the vast universe.”
Two Chinese flights are expected in the 2012, nine years after Yang Liwei became the first “taikonaut” to reach space.
The scale of China's plans come in stark contrast to those of the United States, the first and only nation to reach the moon in 1969.
George W Bush proposed an American return to the moon but the programme was halted by Barack Obama, citing the enormous cost.
In July, the space shuttle Atlantis made its final landing, ending the 30-year era of the American space shuttle.
No human set foot on the moon since December 1972 when American astronauts landed as part of the Apollo 17 mission.
Although the space programme is being run by the Chinese military, the white paper insists the country has no ambitions for weapons in space.
"China always adheres to the use of outer space for peaceful purposes, and opposes weaponisation or any arms race in outer space," it reads.
It also provides a long list of countries working with China on space research including Britain, France, Brazil and Russia.
If you grew up in the 90s, then you probably had several sleepless nights all thanks to the absolutely terrifying TV show from Nickelodeon, Are You Afraid of the Dark?
The show first aired in 1991 and it ran on and off for the next ten years. It's a creepy anthology-style TV show similar to The Twilight Zone. Members of The Midnight Society gather around the fire and swap scary stories ranging from ghosts to killer clowns and even monsters. It was a success both commercially and critically, having won numerous awards over the years. It even managed to get a few big name guest stars such as Ryan Gosling and Hayden Christensen (before he turned to the Dark Side).
As if your nostalgia pallets aren't already whetted enough with just the mention of Zeebo the Clown, it was announced on November 13, 2017 that a film adaption of the TV show is officially in the works.
This comes as no surprise with the sudden success of the new adaption of Stephen King's IT as well as the fad of everything that's old is new again. Speaking of IT, co-writer of the script, Gary Dauberman (who is also responsible for The Conjuring sequels/prequels, Annabelle, Annabelle: Creation, and the upcoming The Nun), will be penning the script for Paramount Players.
Here's hoping Are You Afraid of the Dark? is a tad bit better than Jack Black's unholy recreation of Goosebumps.
There is still no word on director, cast, or release date, but keep an eye here on The Geekiverse for any and all updates on this project… Especially because I thought that Annabelle: Creation was way scarier than IT so this had better be good.
Were you traumatized by Are You Afraid of the Dark? just like the rest of us? Did you have a favorite episode? Are you a fan of this recreation of the nostalgic show? Or should it stay on the TV in all it's 90s glory? Let us know what you think!
Amanda Woomer-Limpert is a writer and editor for the Geekiverse and grew up with a solid love/fear for this show. The particular episode that traumatized her is The Tale of the Crimson Clown… she's still freaked out by clowns because of it.
If you want to see more fresh Geeky content, support us through our Official Patreon Page & simultaneously earn perks & exclusive rewards.
If you enjoyed this article, be sure to keep up with The Geekiverse across social media platforms onFacebook,Twitter, &Instagramand share with a friend.View live video game streaming on ourTwitch Channel& watch regular videos & shows onYoutube. Lastly, listen to The Geekiverse Podcast Station on iTunes orSoundcloudtoday!
FOJAB The MAX IV synchrotron light source in Lund, Sweden, will offer chances for collaboration across the country.
Since the global financial crisis, Sweden has lived in an alternative universe of science funding. While austerity policies have kept research funding levels flat in much of Europe since 2008, Sweden's public science budget has increased by 5 billion Swedish kronor (US$786 million) over the past 5 years with a rise of another 4 billion kronor to come over the next 5 years. And, as seemingly endless government budget battles have slowed US infrastructure investment, Sweden has seen a building boom. The country has constructed a national high-throughput life-sciences laboratory; begun building new clinical-research laboratories and a hospital; and broken ground on a powerful synchrotron light source and a neutron source.
CHARLOTTE CARLBERG-BÄRG Stefan Hansson: “You will see more collaboration between technology and health care.”
Now Sweden is increasing international recruitment, backed by public and private money, to fill its facilities and fulfil ambitious research agendas. The Knut and Alice Wallenberg Foundation in Stockholm has been the biggest non-government player in infrastructure investment and international science hiring. Last year, the foundation introduced the Wallenberg Academy Fellows programme to recruit and fund 300 young scientists over 10 years, aiming for 30–50% of the fellows to come from outside Sweden.
The region, however, is adjusting to big changes at pharmaceutical giant AstraZeneca, a long-time presence in Sweden. Since 2010, the company has cut close to 2,000 jobs as it seeks to consolidate all its Swedish research into one facility in Mölndal. But that has provided an incentive for other institutions to take up the mantle of clinical studies. Former AstraZeneca researchers have translational skills, and Sweden has good databases of individual health records with ample data that are useful in clinical medicine. AstraZeneca's restructuring “gave us an important signal”, says Stefan Hansson, vice-dean for medicine at Lund University. “We now maybe need to work more on clinical research. How do we integrate that with our hospitals? How will clinicians add research?”
Bouncing back
Sweden had its own financial struggles in the 1990s, which stymied big growth until the late 2000s. The country must attract world-class scientists from beyond its borders to remain globally competitive, says Göran Sandberg, executive director of the Wallenberg foundation. “We don't have enough bright people to compete internationally.” Wallenberg and other organizations are aiming to address that shortage through stable funding and elite facilities. “Sweden is far north and it is a small country, but if you give people scientific freedom they are willing to move,” says Sandberg.
David Drew, a New Zealand-born biophysicist, won such freedom with a Wallenberg Academy Fellowship last year. The appointment came with 2.5 million kronor to start his lab at Stockholm University and another 7.5 million kronor to run it for five years, with no need to worry about writing grants, he says. Individual scientists cannot apply for the fellowships: departments of Swedish research institutions make nominations, which are judged by panels that include members of the royal academies. The foundation makes the final decision.
People push
The Wallenberg Foundation made its biggest investment in 2003, when it funded the Human Protein Atlas. The project, which has cost the foundation 900 million kronor so far, has characterized 15,000 proteins to date using antibodies, and involves hundreds of scientists.
It served as a test case for large-scale science in Sweden, says Sandberg. The atlas also helped to bring together researchers from institutes including the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm, Stockholm University, Uppsala University and the Swedish Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm. Together, they formed the Science for Life Laboratory (SciLifeLab).
The network is devoted to high-throughput, interdisciplinary research with translational applications, and has grown to about 1,500 people since its sites in Uppsala and Stockholm were established in 2010. There are still facilities in both cities, but since July SciLifeLab has been managed as a single national laboratory, giving its scientists access to a wide array of expertise and equipment. Director Mathias Uhlén says that the organization is in the process of hiring eight group leaders, and intends to add more scientists next year.
Sweden's relative strength in the global economy should help. “Most ambitious young scientists are going to places where they have the best resources,” says Uhlén. “With the funding we can provide to young researchers, they can thrive.” SciLifeLab receives 340 million kronor a year from the government, a sum that is set to increase to 400 million kronor in 2016. The Wallenberg foundation provides about 120 million kronor yearly, and funding for individual projects can come from other sources.
SciLifeLab awards “very generous” start-up grants, says Sven Nelander, a cancer systems biologist at Uppsala University. This July, he received further support from AstraZeneca, which has established a joint research programme to fund 10 SciLifeLab projects with a total of up to US$10 million a year over the next five years.
Scientists joining SciLifeLab will find not only good funds and facilities, but also a collaborative culture, says Uhlén. Stockholm University provides bioinformatics support and research, the Royal Institute of Technology offers high-throughput technical expertise and the Karolinska Institute and Uppsala University both use their clinical bases to ask scientific questions that researchers from all four entities help to answer.
Nelander, for example, is working to develop mathematical models of tumour progression to shed light on how genetic mutations cause cancer. He uses cell samples from people with cancer at Uppsala University Hospital and takes them to SciLifeLab's Stockholm site, where screening experts help to characterize them. Then he draws on the mathematical expertise of colleagues at the University of Gothenburg, where he was based before he went to Uppsala.
Although Drew is not part of SciLifeLab, he can tap into its expertise to create computer models of the protein-transport process. He can also draw on its high-throughput capabilities to look for small molecules that might bind to transport proteins and inhibit their action.
“We're really building a community,” says Kerstin Lindblad-Toh, co-director of SciLifeLab. “People who work on mathematics in one corner can now work with people who focus on cancer in another.”
Infrastructure potential
SciLifeLab recruits stand to benefit from other facilities going up in the Stockholm–Uppsala region. The Karolinska Institute is set to open a new university hospital in two years, and construction began last month on a medical-research facility called Biomedicum that will open in 2018 with room for 1,700 researchers.
AstraZeneca maintains a presence in Stockholm. In 2012, the firm established a translational research centre at Karolinska, emphasizing biomarkers. AstraZeneca researchers work alongside Karolinska scientists at the centre, and the company funds several research groups, including graduate students. AstraZeneca is also launching a unit to work on cardiovascular and metabolic disease at Karolinska.
These relationships with academia mark “a new way of operating” for the company, says Anders Ekblom, AstraZeneca's global head of science and technology integration. He notes, however, that the initiative will not create jobs for people who lost research posts with the firm.
Lund should also see growth in scientific recruitment over the next decade, as two major infrastructure projects come online. The area already hosts three synchrotron particle-accelerators, which use high-speed electrons to create X-ray radiation for spectroscopy and imaging, but in 2010 construction began on a new synchrotron light source: MAX IV, which will open in 2015 and will be the brightest in the world. The aim is to draw researchers from around the world to image materials ranging from proteins to nanoscale molecules.
Lund has also won funding from the European Commission to host the European Spallation Source, a powerful neutron accelerator for materials research that is due to open in 2020. Together, the facilities will create an international hub for materials science, structural biology and nanotechnology.
Hansson says that the European Spallation Source and MAX IV will help to create more of a balance between southwestern Sweden and the more southeasterly Stockholm–Uppsala area. He foresees, for example, researchers from SciLifeLab using the Lund facilities to determine structures of target proteins and molecules that might bind to them. “You will see more collaboration between technology and health care,” Hansson says.
Even with all these vehicles for collaboration, Sweden's science is not free from conflict. Historically, there have been rivalries between institutions in Lund, Stockholm and Uppsala, born mainly of fights over funding and resources. “It's true that there has been some tension,” says Karolinska president Anders Hamsten.
But as more SciLifeLab fellows start to cooperate with sites in other parts of the country, tensions should ease, he says. This summer, SciLifeLab held workshops showing how researchers at other universities can tap into the lab's high throughput resources. Hamsten hopes that Karolinska's involvement in SciLifeLab will help to attract world-class scientists to the institute.
When Drew got word that he had landed the Wallenberg fellowship, he says, he felt gratitude and relief in equal parts: “This was going to be a long-term commitment where the university was serious about me staying.” He remembers thinking, “They want me. It is being matched with a nice level of funding with the vision that this is long term.” The good quality of life in Sweden — including free or inexpensive childcare — was also welcome. And to tackle the long, dark Nordic winters, Drew intends to tap into another benefit: lots of holiday time. He plans to spend a few weeks each Swedish winter in New Zealand. “This way,” says Drew, “I get two summers.”
TO the casual observer, it might seem as if Ukrainians are permanently in revolt. Huge street protests in 2004-5, known as the orange revolution, led to the overturning of a rigged election result and the installation of leaders who promised cleaner, better government. Now hundreds of thousands of people have again taken to the streets of Kiev and other cities, demanding, well, a new election and cleaner government (among other things). There were big protests in the years before the orange revolution, and have been regular street eruptions between it and the current bout. What is Ukraine's problem?
For some outsiders (especially in Russia), the problem is Ukraine itself. It was a constituent republic of the Soviet Union (suffering terribly in famine, purges and war), coming into being as an independent nation only in 1991; before then it had existed as a country of sorts only for a brief spell after the Russian Revolution. The lands that now constitute Ukraine had previously been carved up between Russia, Poland, the Austro-Hungary empire, the Duchy of Lithuania and the Crimean Khanate. This splintered history, the theory goes, means that Ukraine is an artificial creation rather than a natural, coherent state. And indeed there are big cultural and political divisions among its people, in particular between the Ukrainian-speaking west and the mostly Russian-speaking south and east (also the country's most heavily industrialised regions). Fierce rows occasionally erupt about the official status and usage of the two languages. Political allegiances seem to be contiguous with this division: at the presidential election of 2010, the south and east mostly voted for President Viktor Yanukovych, while the west (and Kiev, the capital), plumped for Yulia Tymoshenko, who was subsequently imprisoned on what many people see as bogus charges. Even today, despite his manifold failings, such as locking up his opponents and rampant cronyism, Mr Yanukovych retains considerable support in his industrial heartland.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
The interventions of outside powers seem to reflect and reinforce this sense of a hopelessly divided identity. Vladimir Putin, Russia's president, had tried to entice and bully Ukraine into joining a new Russian-led customs union, regarding the country as an integral part of Russia's sphere of influence. The European Union, meanwhile, had hoped to sign a trade agreement with Ukraine last month. Mr Yanukovych's decision to reject the EU deal was the spark of the latest protest. Russia's state-controlled media portrays the demonstrations as the result of Western scheming. That is dishonest: they have been indigenous and spontaneous, even if Western diplomats have been sympathetic to their aims.
So Ukraine is a complex, even fragile country. But for all that, the basic cause of its periodic revolutions is simpler: corruption and bad government. That Ukraine has been badly run in its two decades of independence is beyond dispute. The OSCE and other reputable observers have repeatedly been critical of the conduct of Ukrainian elections. European officials have lambasted the country's judicial system. Transparency International, a watchdog, says corruption in Ukraine is bad and deteriorating, because of “protectionism and the fusion of political and business interests”. It ranks Ukraine 144th in cleanliness out of the 177 countries it surveys. The economy is in a parlous condition, and urgently in need of loans from the International Monetary Fund or others. The Rada, Ukraine's parliament, is a zoo of catcalling and fisticuffs. The current uprising seems inspired by affection for the EU, but only because, to the protesters, it represents the goal of sounder government.
These problems—corruption, oligarch-dominated politics and business, dodgy elections—suggest a family resemblance between Ukraine and other post-Soviet states. In several of them (Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan spring to mind) corrupt elites took control of the machinery of state in the 1990s and have proven difficult to dislodge. Thus, in a way, Ukraine's revolutions should probably be seen as a bid to shake off the mindset and legacy of the Soviet empire: a final battle that has yet to be won.
As a front-end developer, I'm writing a lot of CSS and using pure CSS is not the most efficient way nowadays. CSS preprocessors are something which have helped me a lot. My first impression was that I finally found the perfect tool. These have a bunch of features, great support, free resources and so on. This is all true and it still applies, but after several projects, I realized that the world is not so perfect. There are two main CSS preprocessors - LESS and SASS. There are some others, but I have experience with only these two. In the first part of this article I'll share with you what I don't like about preprocessors and then in the second part I'll show you how I managed to solve most of the problems that I had.
The Problems
Setup
No matter which CSS preprocessor is involved, there is always setup required, like, you can't just start typing .less or .sass files and expect to get the .css file. LESS requires NodeJS and SASS Ruby. At the moment, I'm working mostly on HTML/CSS/JavaScript/NodeJS applications. So, LESS seems like a better option, because I don't need to install additional software. You know, adding one more thing to your ecosystem means more time for maintenance. Also, not only do you need the required tool, but all of your colleagues should now integrate the new instrument as well.
Firstly, I chose LESS because I already had NodeJS installed. It played well with Grunt and I successfully finished two projects with that setup. After that, I started reading about SASS. I was interested in OOCSS, Atomic design and I wanted to build a solid CSS architecture. Very soon I switched to SASS, because it gave me better possibilities. Of course I (and my colleagues too) had to install Ruby.
Output
A lot of developers don't check the produced CSS. I mean, you may have really good looking SASS files, but what's used in the end is the compiled .css file. If it is not optimized and its file size is high, then you have a problem. There are few things which I don't like in both preprocessors.
Let's say that we have the following code:
Don't you think that this should be compiled to:
Neither LESS nor SASS works like that. They just leave your styles as you type them. This could lead to code duplication. What if I have complex architecture with several layers and every layer adds something to the paragraph. There will be several definitions, which are not exactly needed. You may even have the following situation:
The correct code at the end should be only the following:
I now know that the browser will take care and will find out the right font size. But, isn't it better to save those operations. I'm not sure that this will affect the performance of your page, but it affects the readability for sure.
Combining selectors which share the same styles is a good thing. As far as I know, LESS doesn't do this. Let's say that we have a mixin and we want to apply it to two classes.
And the result is:
So, these two classes have the same styles and they could be combined into one definition.
I was wondering if this is actual performance optimization, and I didn't find an accurate answer, but it looks like a good thing. SASS has something called placeholders . It's used exactly for such situations. For example:
The code above produces exactly what I wanted. The problem is that if I use too many placeholders I may end up with a lot of style definitions, because the preprocessor thinks that I have something to combine.
There are three placeholders. The .header class extends them all and the final compiled CSS looks like this:
It looks wrong, doesn't it? There should be only one style definition and only one padding property.
Of course, there are tools which may solve this, having the compiled CSS. But as I said, I prefer to use as fewer libraries as possible.
Syntax Limitation
While I was working on OrganicCSS, I met a lot of limitations. In general, I wanted to write CSS as I write JavaScript. I mean, I had some ideas about complex architecture, but I wasn't able to achieve them, because the language which I was working with was kinda primitive. For example, let's say that I need a mixin which styles my elements. I want to pass a theme and border type. Here is how this should look in LESS:
Of course I'll have a lot of themes and they should also be mixins. So, the variable interpolation works for the border property, but not for the mixin names. That's a simple one, but it is currently not possible, or at least I don't know if it is fixed. If you try to compile the above code you will get Syntax Error on line 11 .
SASS is one step further. The interpolation works with placeholders, which makes things a little bit better. The same idea looks like this:
So, the border styling works, but the theme produces:
That's because the interpolation in the names of the mixins and extends is not allowed. There is a long discussion about that and will probably be fixed soon.
Both LESS and SASS are great if you want to improve your writing speed, but they are far from perfect for building modular and flexible CSS. Mainly, they are missing things like encapsulation, polymorphism and abstraction. Or at least, they are not in the form which I needed.
A New Approach
I fought several days with this limitation. I invested a good amount of time reading documentation. In the end, I just gave up and started looking for other options. What I had wasn't flexible enough and I started thinking about writing my own preprocessor. Of course, that's a really complex task and there are a lot of things to think about, such as:
the input - normally preprocessors take code which looks like CSS. I guess the idea is to complete the language, such as add in missing, yet necessary features. It is also easy to port pure CSS and the developers could start using it immediately, because in practice, it is almost the same language. However, from my point of view, this approach brings few difficulties, because I had to parse and analyze everything.
- normally preprocessors take code which looks like CSS. I guess the idea is to complete the language, such as add in missing, yet necessary features. It is also easy to port pure CSS and the developers could start using it immediately, because in practice, it is almost the same language. However, from my point of view, this approach brings few difficulties, because I had to parse and analyze everything. the syntax - even if I write the parsing part, I had to invent my own syntax which is kind of a complex job.
- even if I write the parsing part, I had to invent my own syntax which is kind of a complex job. competitors - there are already two really popular preprocessors. They have good support and an active community. You know, most of the coolest things in our sphere are so useful, because of the contributers. If I write my own CSS preprocessor and I don't get enough feedback and support from the people, I may be the only one which is actually using it.
So, I thought about it a bit and found a solution. There is no need to invent a new language with a new syntax. It's already there. I could use pure JavaScript. There is already a big community and a lot of people may start using my library immediately. Instead of reading external files, parsing and compiling them, I decided to use the NodeJS ecosystem. And of course, the most important thing - I completely removed the CSS part. Writing everything in JavaScript made my web application a lot cleaner, because I didn't have to deal with the input format and all those processes which produces the actual CSS.
(The name of the library is AbsurdJS. You may find this name funny and it is indeed. When I share my idea with some friends they all said, writing your CSS in JavaScript - absurd. So, that was the perfect title.)
AbsurdJS
Installation
To use AbsurdJS you need NodeJS installed. If you still don't have this little gem on your system go to nodejs.org and click the Installation button. Once everything finishes you could open a new console and type:
This will setup AbsurdJS globally. This means that wherever you are, you may run the absurd command.
Writing Your CSS
In the JavaScript world, the closest thing to CSS is JSON format. So, that's what I decided to use. Let's take a simple example:
This is pure CSS. Here is how it looks like in LESS and SASS:
In the context of AbsurdJS the snippet should be written like this:
You may save this to a file called styles.js and run:
It will compile the JavasSript to the same CSS. The idea is simple. You write a NodeJS package, which exports a function. The function is called with only one parameter - the AbsurdJS API. It has several methods and I'll go through them later, but the most common one is added . It accepts valid JSON. Every object defines a selector. Every property of that object could be a CSS property and its value or another object.
Importing
Placing different parts of your CSS in different files is really important. This approach improves the readability of your styles. AbsurdJS has an import method, which acts as the @import directive in the CSS preprocessors.
What you have to do is write a main.js file which imports the rest of the styles. You should know that there is overwriting. What I mean is that if you define a style for the body tag inside /config/main.js and later in /config/theme-a.js use the same property, the final value will be the one used in the last imported file. For example:
Is compiled to
Notice that there is only one selector. While, if you do the same thing in LESS or SASS you will get
Variables and Mixins
One of the most valuable features in preprocessors are their variables. They give you the ability to configure your CSS, such as define a setting somewhere in the beginning of the stylesheet and use it later on. In JavaScript, variables are something normal. However, because you have modules placed in different files you need something that acts as a bridge between them. You may want to define your main brand color in one file, but later use it in another. AbsurdJS offers an API method for that, called storage . If you execute the function with two parameters, you create a pair: key-value . If you pass only a key, you actually get the stored value.
Every selector may accept not only an object, but also an array. So this is also valid:
This makes sending multiple objects to specific selectors possible. It plays very well with the idea of mixins. By definition, the mixin is a small piece of code which could be used multiple times. That's the second feature of LESS and SASS, which makes them attractive for developers. In AbsurdJS the mixins are actually normal JavaScript functions. The ability to put things inside storage gives you the power to share mixins between the files. For example:
The result is:
Notice, that there is only one selector defined and the font-size property has the value from the second object in the array (the mixin defines some basic styles, but later they are changed).
Plugins
Ok, mixins are cool, but I always wanted to define my own CSS properties. I mean using properties that don't normally exist, but encapsulate valid CSS styles. For example:
Let's say that we have three types of text: small , medium and big . Each of them has a different font-size and different line-height . It's obvious that I can achieve the same thing with mixins, but AbsurdJS offers something better - plugins. The creation of the plugin is again via the API:
This allows you to apply text: medium to your selectors. The above styling is compiled to:
Media Queries
Of course the library supports media queries. I also copied the idea of the bubbling feature (you are able to define breakpoints directly inside the elements and AbsurdJS will take care for the rest).
The result is:
Keep in mind that if you have the same media query used multiple times, the compiled file will contain only one definition. This actually saves a lot of bytes. Unfortunately LESS and SASS doesn't do this.
Pseudo Classes
For these, you just need to pass in valid JSON. The following example demonstrates how to use pseudo CSS classes:
And it is compiled to:
Integration
AbsurdJS works as a command line tool, but it could be used inside a NodeJS application as well. For example:
Or if you have a file which acts as an entry point:
The library also supports integration with Grunt. You can read more about that on the following Github page.
Command Line Interface Options
There are three parameters available:
[-s] - main source file
- main source file [-o] - output file
- output file [-w] - directory to watch
For example, the following line will start a watcher for a ./css directory, will grab ./css/main.js as an entry point and will output the result to ./styles.css :
Conclusion
Don't get me wrong. The available CSS preprocessors are awesome, and I'm still using them. However, they came with their own set of problems. I managed to solve them by writing AbsurdJS. The truth is that I just replaced one tool with another. The usage of this library eliminates the usual writing of CSS and makes things really flexible, because everything is JavaScript. It could be used as a command line tool or it could be integrated directly into the application's code. If you are interested in AbsurdJS, feel free to check out the full documentation at github.com/krasimir/absurd or fork the repo.
The Boston Celtics' "No. 1 focus" in the offseason is signing Gordon Hayward should the Utah Jazz forward become an unrestricted free agent, sources told The Vertical's Adrian Wojnarowski.
Hayward can opt out of his current contract by July 1. He wasn't named to any of the three All-NBA teams on Thursday. Had he made one of the squads, he would have been eligible for a designated player extension contract - only with the Jazz - in 2018 worth upward of $210 million over five years.
Now, it's likely Hayward will seek a raise by opting out. He would have needed to make one of the All-NBA teams and opt in to be eligible for the extension.
The Celtics, in addition to being contenders with a wealth of future assets, are coached by Hayward's college bench boss, Brad Stevens.
Utah fans chanted Hayward's name after the Jazz were eliminated from the playoffs this month, and have paid to put up billboards in Salt Lake City reading "Stayward."
Hayward, 27, blossomed into an All-Star this season, averaging a career-high 21.9 points and 5.4 rebounds on 47.1 percent shooting.
Stories
United States
Apply Today to Report on Gender and LGBTI...
Apply Today to Report on Gender and LGBTI Rights
Photo by Sara Hylton, a 2017 Fellow reporting from Canada. Sara can be followed on Twitter and on Instagram.
About This Fellowship
The International Reporting Project is accepting applications from professional journalists to report on gender and LGBTI rights around the world. The deadline to apply is Monday, December 11th at 11:59pm EST. Applicants may propose any stories that focus on gender rights or LGBTI rights (or both). Topics might include:
• gender- and orientation-based discrimination;
• reproductive, sexual and maternal health;
• land rights;
• access to justice;
• shrinking civil society;
• threats against women human rights defenders;
• peace and conflict resolution processes;
• education and leadership;
• the effects of conflict upon marginalized communities;
• multi-country/cross-border solutions.
Time spent in the destination country is flexible; fellowships typically last between two and seven weeks.
Special consideration will be given to applicants from and projects in Central America, Francophone West Africa, and South and Southeast Asia. We encourage applicants to propose stories and destinations not recently covered by IRP fellows, although some exceptions may be made. Additionally, we are looking for applications in which journalists are proposing to cover new territory rather than stories they have been focusing on for years. Similarly, we are not likely to support book-related projects.
Staffers and freelancers alike are encouraged to apply, and should note their projected outlets for publication as part of their pitch. The fellowships are intended for experienced professional journalists who have a record of outstanding achievement in reporting for influential media outlets. This fellowship is not intended for students or for recent graduates without professional reporting experience. IRP considers and encourages stories in a variety of media, including print, online, radio, television, photography, social media and video.
How to Apply
All applicants must fill out an application form in which they should write an essay of at least 1,000 words describing the stories they would pursue during the fellowship. Applicants should note their expected output (e.g. longform, short articles, radio or video documentary, photo essays, etc.). In order to be considered, all application essays must be submitted in English. However, the stories and other updates produced by the fellows may be in English or in other languages. All applications must include a detailed budget proposal outlining how the funding will be used (i.e. airfare, accommodations, fixer fees, meals, etc.), which assists in determining the amount of the stipend awarded. Fellows are not required to submit receipts or post- fellowship expense reports.
All of the fellow's stories will be republished on the IRP website and co-owned by the fellow (or his/her distrutionpartners, depending on arrangements) and the IRP. In addition, the work produced as a result of the trip may be posted on the social media channels of the IRP funders. These fellowships are supported by a grand from the Foundation for a Just Society. Because of the high volume of applications we receive, we are unable to respond to every applicant, and we do not send automated confirmation receipts. You will be contacted by a member of the selection committee for additional follow-up only if your proposal is selected as a finalist for further consideration.
Please read our frequently asked questions before applying.
Methane hydrates are a kind of ice that contains methane, and that form at certain depths under the sea or buried in permafrost. They can also form in pipelines that transport oil and gas, leading to clogging. Yet methane hydrates are nearly impossible to study because it is very hard to get samples, and the samples themselves are highly unstable in the laboratory.
A team of scientists from Norway, China and the Netherlands has now shown how the size of grains of the molecules that make up the natural structure of methane hydrates determines how they behave if they are loaded with weight or disturbed.
That could have important implications for everything from climate science to their use as a future energy source, said Zhiliang Zhang, a professor at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology and founder of the university's Nanomechanical Lab.
"If we have basic knowledge about the mechanical properties of methane hydrates, we can use this information so that we manage them properly," Zhang said. "How methane hydrates behave can have a big impact on safety, environmental issues and climate change."
Poorly understood and unstable
Methane hydrates have been known since the 1930s, when natural gas companies found that their pipelines were sometimes clogged by a kind of ice composed of water and methane. Methane hydrates were later found in permafrost in the 1960s, and in the oceans, commonly on the edges of the continental shelves, but only at certain ocean pressures and temperatures. They are also thought to be found on other planets, including Mars.
When methane hydrates "melt", they release the methane trapped inside the ice, but because the methane was first trapped under pressure when the hydrate was formed, one cubic metre of solid methane hydrate will release 160 cubic metres of methane gas. That makes them either a potent energy source, or if they melt as the permafrost melts, a potent source of methane, which will act as a greenhouse gas.
But mining methane hydrates as an energy source, an option that is being explored by Japan among others, is technically difficult. Their location on the soft, sediment-loaded edges of the continental shelves makes them difficult to mine, and when they are disturbed, their crystal structure may suddenly dissociate and release the methane trapped inside.
This mechanism has been suggested as one reason why the largest landslide known to humankind, the Storegga Slide, was so destructive. The Storegga Slide took place about 8000 years ago, from an underwater location off the west coast of southern Norway.
The slides - there were three in total¬- sent a wall of water roaring out across the North Sea and Norwegian Sea. The evidence of the passage of the tsunami wave in Scotland that shows the wave reached heights of 3-6 metres in that region. One hypothesis for the slide was that an earthquake caused the methane hydrates in the region to become unstable and to explosively release their gas.
Computer simulations show surprising behaviour
Researchers at NTNU's Nanomechanical Lab and from the university's Department of Chemistry and their collaborators in China and the Netherlands are interested in understanding the relation between molecular structures and the mechanical stability of materials. Methane hydrates, with their ice lattice structure containing trapped molecules of methane, pose an intriguing three-dimensional and practical problem from this perspective.
In a paper published in the 2 November edition of Nature Communications, corresponding author Zhang and his colleagues describe how they used a computer simulation of two types of methane hydrates, monocrystalline hydrates and polycrystalline hydrates, to see what would happen if they were compressed or if pressures on the hydrates were suddenly released.
The researchers built their computer models using common molecular models for ice/water and methane, arranged as either monocrystalline or polycrystalline grains, and simulated the effect of applying forces to the collection of grains.
Maximum capacity found
The simulated hydrate structures were subjected to two different kinds of stress: tensile stress, or the forces they would experience as they were pulled apart, and compressive stress, or the forces they would experience if they were squashed by weight.
The simulations showed that the size of the crystals--what researchers call the grain size--that made up the hydrate structure had a great deal to say in terms of how the structure reacted to both kinds of stresses.
In both tensile and compression stress simulations, the surprising finding was that as the grain size got smaller, the hydrates first got stronger, able to tolerate both compression and tensile stress--but only until they reached a certain grain size. If the researchers conducted simulations on grain sizes smaller than those identified as the turning point, the hydrate actually got weaker.
The maximum capacity of the hydrates appears when the grain size is around 15 to 20 nm. This resembles the behaviour of polycrystalline metals, such as copper. However, this is the first time that researchers have seen this type of behaviour in methane hydrates as a material. The grain size-dependent strength and maximum capacity that the researchers found can be used in predicting and preventing the failure of hydrates in the future. Instability can be triggered
This unexpected rapid weakening of the crystal structure as the grain size gets smaller has important implications for any work in areas where hydrates are found.
The researchers reported that the dissociation of methane hydrates can be triggered by the ground deformation caused by "earthquakes, storms, sea-level fluctuations or man-made disturbances (including well drilling and gas production from hydrate reservoirs)."
"This has an impact on these big issues," Zhang said. "Here we have taken one step forward, but of course there is a lot more work to be done."
###
Zhang said the researchers plan to continue their collaboration and are currently at work on a center of excellence application to the Research Council of Norway.
Reference: Jianyang Wu, Fulong Ning, Thuat T. Trinh, Signe Kjelstrup, Thijs J.H. Vlugt, Jianying He, Bjørn H. Skallerud and Zhiliang Zhang. Mechanical instability of monocrystalline and polycrystalline methane hydrates. Nature Communications. DOI: 10.1038/NCOMMS9743
BEIRUT – The Free Syrian Army has opened a new front in southern Syria with an ambitious operation aimed at cutting the highway running southwest from Damascus to the Quneitra region near the Israeli border.
The FSA's First Army, a member of the Southern Front coalition of rebels, announced Monday that it had launched the “Battle of the Cutting of Joints” to seize the town of Sasa, which lies approximately 15 kilometers northeast of the Golan demarcation line between Syria and Israel.
“The battle began on Monday morning with preliminary shelling of the Syrian army's 68th Brigade [base] and the nearby Maqrousa area,” a source in the First Army told the opposition Siraj Press outlet.
The source added that “fierce clashes between the First Army and Assad's forces had taken place close to the Military Intelligence branch in Sasa, as well as some other areas of the village.”
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, in turn, reported that fighting took place in the Sasa area between pro-regime forces on one hand and Islamist battalions and other rebels on the other.
Meanwhile, First Army spokesperson Maher Elali elaborated to the anti-regime Smart News that the rebels had fired mortars and artillery on the Military Intelligence branch and 68th Brigade base in Sasa in addition to National Defense Force militiamen stationed in Maqrousa.
“The operation aims to relieve pressure on fighters engaged in the battle to liberate the 137th Regiment [base in Khan al-Shih],” he added.
Khan al-Shih fighting
A video purports to show regime troops redeploying to Khan al-Shih. (Qasion News)
Rebels on Sunday launched a campaign to storm the regime's defensive positions in the town of Khan al-Shih, which lies 12 kilometers north of Sasa on the same highway leading to Damascus.
The Observatory on Sunday and Monday reported that fighting had raged in the area between Islamists and rebels on one hand and pro-government forces on the other amid regime airstrikes, without elaborating further.
The pro-rebel El Dorar outlet for its part said Sunday that rebel brigades had “launched a fierce attack [...] on the Assad forces stationed at base of the 137th Artillery Regiment—part of Syrian Army's 7th division—in the area around the Khan al-Shih camp.”
“The rebels have shelled the Assad forces' positions, notching direct hits that have led to fatalities and injuries in their ranks.”
The report added that regime forces, in turn, have shelled the areas around Khan al-Shih camp, including “the farms, the surroundings of the Salam highway, Manshiyah, and the Huseiniyyah” with all varieties of heavy weaponry amid aerial barrel bombings.
“This has been accompanied by an increased rate of artillery shelling at the same time as helicopter overflights in the area. The Khan al-Shih collective has been targeted with barrel bombs, killing 3 people and injuring several others.”
Meanwhile, the opposition Qasion News publicized a video Monday purporting to show pro-government forces rushing from the 121st Brigade's base in nearby Kanaker due east of Sasa toward Khan al-Shih a few kilometers to the north.
Strategic geography
Both Khan al-Shih and Sasa lie to the west of Kisweh, where the regime maintains a garrison for its 1st Armored Division along the Daraa-Damascus highway 15 kilometers south of the Syrian capital.
The new rebel campaign comes weeks after the FSA-affiliated Southern Front launched an offensive close to 30 kilometers south of Kisweh outside the town of Sanamayn, which is one of the regime's last major defensive lines on the highway leading from Daraa northward into Damascus.
The stalled offensive on the outskirts of the Sanamayn base that hosts the 9th Armored Division follows rebel successes further to the south, where they captured the town of Bosra al-Sham on March 25 and then the Nasib border crossing the following week.
The regime had launched its own counteroffensive aimed at seizing Busr al-Harir last week, but tough rebel defense forced back the assault on the town which is located along a key road linking Suweida to the Daraa province.
[In this postmortem taken from the December 2009 issue of Game Developer magazine, iconoclastic developer Double Fine Productions outlines the complex and at times daunting process of developing its action/strategy rock god epic Brütal Legend, taking in everything from legal troubles with Activision to tool development and everything in between.]
If the adage "go big or go home" applies to any software development effort, it applies to the making of Brütal Legend. As we did previously with Psychonauts, Double Fine once again bet it all on innovating -- this time on a game borne from the Full Throttle side of Tim Schafer's mind. Brütal Legend is a molten, balls-forward, third person, open world, strategic action-adventure interactive ride into the very soul of heavy metal.
The development story started out simply enough. After shipping Psychonauts, Double Fine created a collection of concept work, a pitch document and a game trailer intended to capture the spirit of Brütal Legend. Most publishers we spoke to were interested in the game concept, but their questions commonly indicated that they didn't understand where we were headed with it.
Questions were posed to us, such as "Why heavy metal? How about rock, or country, or hip hop instead? Why would you want to play as a roadie? How about playing as a rock god?"
One publisher, Vivendi Universal Games, did not ask these questions in the pitch meetings -- or in any meetings. They understood the game for what it was, and signed it for what they knew it could become.
We started development by focusing first on the multiplayer mode of the game -- our thinking was that since we'd never made a multiplayer game before, figuring that out would be our top priority. It took 16 months to do so.
In Rocktober 2006, we delivered a fully playable Ironheade vs. Tainted Coil skirmish to our publisher. At Vivendi's request, we then focused on the single player campaign, expanding its scope well beyond the initial design.
This is the period in which we added the voices of Jack Black and a host of other celebrity talent to the game, as well as other enhancements that solidified the vision for the campaign experience that we ultimately shipped. In June 2007, we delivered the first meaningful portion of the single player game and also promptly admitted that all of the changes we had made to the game content put us way behind schedule.
Our first schedule revision extended the project by ten months, the second by another seven. Initially scheduled to be released in May 2008 under the Vivendi Universal Games/Sierra banner, Brütal Legend finally shipped on October 13, 2009, published by Electronic Arts.
Double Fine encourages innovation, but that drive also means we can't always rely on previous experience to predict how a feature or an approach will turn out. On Brütal Legend, the practice of continuous iteration and concept refinement led to a number of prototyped ideas, many of which survived to ship in the final game, but just as many of which were left to digitally fossilize in the annals of Perforce.
Whittling down to ten the list of things that went right and wrong during the development of Brütal Legend presented a considerable challenge. Here are some lessons that were the most surprising or impactful.
What Went Right
1. Pushing Creative Limits
Brütal Legend was to be the interactive amalgamation of the over-the-top ridiculous (yet deadly serious) world of heavy metal. We were reverent fans of the genre and felt it would be an honor to bring that world to life. Brütal Legend began with a simple list -- a game that embodied everything that could be found on a heavy metal album cover: chrome rivers, pools of blood, volcanoes, caves, fire-breathing metal beasts, laser panthers, bladehenge and beerhenge, dominatrices, latex and chains, disembodied undead heads...
To that we added the core gameplay. We wanted to make a brawler adventure game, where the player was a heavy metal roadie who evolves into a rock god over the course of the game. Brütal Legend on the Xbox 360 and the PlayStation 3 would have the brawn of an action game and the elegance of an RTS.
We learned early on in our relationship with Vivendi that RTS was a naughty word in the console space, so we stopped calling it by that name and, by extension, so did Electronic Arts -- positioning the game largely as an action title in the marketplace.
We wanted our RTS to exploit the consoles' advantage; putting the player in the center of the action. We wanted to give the player intuitive control of a character that could perform a variety of badass movements and abilities and also allow the player to personally bond with that character. And we wanted that character to command dozens of masterfully-dialogued troops simultaneously.
One of our biggest challenges in solving the RTS accessibility issue was squad orders. It took numerous attempts and countless focus tests, but we ultimately decided on a simple unification of the orders interface, wherein the AI behaved as the player would want them to on the battlefield.
The player would have four orders:
1) "Follow," where Eddie gives his troops commands to move to a specific location and possibly attack, allowing the order to be given only within "shouting range," a relatively large distance around Eddie that did not encompass the entire map -- solving the forced (ignore path enemies/obstacles) and non-forced (engage enemies along the way) issue by making the "follow" order non-forced when Eddie was near his troops and forced when Eddie was far away.
2) "Defend," where Eddie could command his army to stop moving and hold position, aligning them in the most advantageous manner (melee up front, ranged behind, support in the rear) facing the camera.
3) "Move," where the migration would be forced until the army is close to its destination, at which point it would engage nearby foes.
4) "Charge," a non-forced move to the enemy that is closest to the average position of all nearby enemies if your army was not attacking, and a forced move to the attack position even if that meant disengaging from their current activity if your army was attacking.
The Double Fine incarnation of a console RTS occurred to us not in an early pre-production meeting, but over years of painstaking iteration and reinvention and rework. We tested our progress in periodic "Mandatory Hour of Fun" sessions, where the entire team played the latest build and then met as a group to discuss what was working well and what was frustrating or could be made better. This open forum for the exchange of ideas as well as the momentum for continuous iteration fueled profound changes to the core game mechanic over the course of development.
The collection of people waiting was past 100. Many had camped out overnight.
A reporter and cameraman surveyed the crowd. Inside the building, they approached a table of sleepy eyed friends, looking quiet in contemplation. Or maybe they were just zoned out from sleep deprivation.
“How long did you guys stand in line?” the reporter asked the table of eight.
“About 11 hours,” they all answered in unison, not blinking.
But a moment later, boy did they look happy to have been some of the first into Russian River Brewing's Pliny the Younger release.
Of course, the annual, one-time sale of the imperial IPA isn't the only occasion for beer lovers to get in a tizzy, whether it's waiting overnight for Foothills Brewing's Sexual Chocolate imperial stout or rioting for Hunaphu's imperial stout at Cigar City Brewing. As the beer world continues to get bigger, it's clear that people are willing to pay in time, money and sanity for the chance of being a part of something small.
Do 25-35 year old white people have nothing better to do than wait in line for a pretty good beer? I saw a line and went…nope — Ken Goyette (@kgoyette) February 28, 2016
“Scarcity has this effect of making people perceive products as more valuable simply for the fact that they're scarce,” business psychologist Nir Eyal told NPR in 2014, when, naturally, the network was covering the hype of Pliny the Elder, the sister beer of Pliny the Younger.
Crazed reactions over scarce items is nothing new, especially in an increasingly locally-focused industry that prides itself on regionalism, if not literal hometown favoritism. But whether you're a local hoping for a legendary bottle of beer or an out-of-towner traveling hundreds of miles for your chance at fermented immortality, the power of scarcity is real, it is psychological and it is physiological.
When it comes to our internal cost-benefit analysis of these situations, does the perceived benefit trump logic? Can scarcity marketing rule our minds as well as our pint glasses?
Limited, annual releases may draw attention from beer hoarders everywhere, but it's simply part of a successful business strategy at Colorado's Casey Brewing. Located in remote Glenwood Springs, RateBeer's 2015 “Best New Brewery in the World” sees hundreds of fans making the trek for monthly releases.
It's a situation that owner and brewer Troy Casey told the Denver Post benefits him. “Some mystique is lost,” he said, if he makes too much beer:
The plan calls for limited growth, progressing from about 100 cases a month of production when the business began to the current levels of 200 to 250 cases, His goal is to reach 400. A case holds a dozen bottles. “That is pretty strange. Most businesses, if there is a demand, you want to meet that. But I have seen brewers do that model, and something has to give — either the quality of the beer or the happiness of that person's life. I don't want that.”
If that's a business plan and prerogative of the owner, so be it. Because the flip side – beer geeks themselves – is even worse. Just consider this list of sins, recently highlighted in the Daily Beast:
Enlisting the elderly to mule bottles of beer
Using disguises to buy more than one person's allotment of beer
Using professional line waiting services
Paying $20 for a 1-in-40 chance of winning a beer
Rioting
“I'm sick of hearing ‘Oh my God this beer is $149, can you believe it?'” Off Color's John Laffler told Porch Drinking. “That is such bullshit and then the media falls for it and then people keep doing it because it gets them attention. You see your name in print and you sell more base beer because your name is in print.”
@RealGarrettV please call to discuss — Same Ole Line Dudes (@sold_inc) March 9, 2016
To Average Joe and Jane Drinker, all this might sound preposterous, but the truth of the matter is that there are very good reasons why otherwise sensible human beings put themselves through the ringer to pay excessive amounts of money on a perishable good.
Why We Care
It starts with commodity theory, a psychological theory which suggests people value unavailable commodities because of scarcity, even when there is no demand or increased monetary reward associated with the scarcity. Study after study has shown this kind of irrational behavior is accepted in all sorts of situations.
In one example, artificially scarce cookies weren't just more desirable for test subjects versus abundant ones, they were also rated higher in taste. Another looked at desirability and perception for art and wine. With art prints, an assumed expensiveness created an enhancement of desire among participants. When presented with perceived expensiveness and desirability of wine, the idea of scarcity increased interest.
Sound familiar? The simple idea of scarcity is enough to influence people, but if you take it one step further, obtaining a beloved item (imaginary or not) is enough to have some “establish themselves as people of distinctive and distinguished tastes.”
In an era of Untappd badge one-upmanship, bottle shares and limited releases, the Whalezbro culture of beer thrives because our brains are attuned to it.
Look back at the recent #DrinkItNow Day, an effort that encouraged beer lovers to stop sitting on rare bottles and finally drink the damned things. Twitter was littered with posts about beers sitting around for years, status symbols finally cracked open for the world to see.
@nolasox @injest77 just did a beer cellar reorg in honor of #DrinkItNow It might be time for my 04 World Wide Stout. pic.twitter.com/UMNlFZ4CtG — Dan Mielcarz (@mielcarz) February 21, 2016
Plainly: one way that consumers satisfy their need for uniqueness is by owning rare or difficult-to-obtain items. That release at Casey Brewing attracting a guy to drive 12 hours to Colorado during a business trip to Texas? It's his way of not only identifying with a social group of beer drinkers, but on a base level, assert his importance along the way.
Which is why Troy Casey's business plan isn't so crazy after all.
Should Breweries Care?
Consider this: people are paying between $200 and $400 for tickets to this weekend's celebration of imperial stout at Cigar City's Hunaphu's Day, which saw a mini riot two years ago after bottle sales ran dry. Similarly, Three Floyds Brewing is charging $200 for entry into their annual Dark Lord Day.
What is the cost – in time and money – to be a part of similar celebrations near you? What does it take to buy a limited release at your local store? What about the consistent rise of ticket prices to get into events like the Great American Beer Festival, SAVOR or even a regional event?
“If the market is stupid, the market will bear things unwisely,” beer writer Jeff Alworth recently said on his Beervana podcast while discussing the topic of scarcity and pricing beers. “What I'd like to say to the market … you should be able to distinguish this because that brewery is just trying to make a mint off the $15 triple IPA, you should know [a brewer] is making massive amounts of money off that bottle of beer … He's just asking you to value it at a high rate based on a subjective judgment of goodness.”
The quality of products may certainly be rising – at least we hope so, considering a Brewers Association member is in charge of it – but even if that isn't the case across the board, breweries can utilize tactics to increase perceived value of products by simply manipulating the perceived scarcity.
Or, rather, maybe they simply should be.
“Never underestimate a beer geek,” Jemma Wilson, Firestone Walker's marketing specialist told the Daily Beast. After all, there's plenty of evidence to show that beer fans won't feel bad about shelling out extra money for unique experiences.
The keys to increasing perceived value are straight forward:
Advertise a product's scarcity
Produce limited editions
Distribute products through exclusive outlets
Offer prestige pricing of products and services
Restrict maximum order size
All this is made more important by the increased attention and value placed on the idea of localization. If drinkers want authentic experiences, value “hometown” breweries and express interest in certain kinds of beers, it's a relatively easy recipe to build a following, whether for a beer or brewery. Of course, quality matters, but given the plethora of psychological aspects at play, it isn't the only thing that matters.
With targeted efforts based on demographics, life-style and other characteristics, there is a formula in place. It's just a matter of making sure the result is a rare one.
Beer geeks when a bunch of beer shops announce more Lambo Door cans came in all at once pic.twitter.com/l2U8wtxSTr — Brew York (@brew_york) February 18, 2016
Related:
Header image via Petaluma360.
Bryan Roth
“Don't drink to get drunk. Drink to enjoy life.” — Jack Kerouac
Advertisements
Killing someone because they looked like they were “up to no good” doesn't really pass legal muster.
Under the Obama administration, the CIA drone program uses what they call signature strikes, as you've no doubt heard. Usually, the term “signature” has a positive connotation, as in a characteristic that distinguishes one from others. But, to the CIA, it just means that any military-age males in an area it has decided is a strike zone are combatants. In other words, they look like they're “up to no good” and deserve to die.
In September, as you may be aware, the Stanford International Human Rights and Conflict Resolution Clinic and the Global Justice Clinic at NYU School of Law released a landmark report titled Living Under Drones. In one section it reveals the sheer simple-mindedness of dividing individuals under surveillance into either civilians or militants. In fact, most of those labeled militants should be painted in shades of gray. (Emphasis added.)
Major media outlets in the US, Europe, and Pakistan that report on drone strikes tend to divide all those killed by drone strikes into just two categories: civilians or “militants.” This reflects and reinforces a widespread assumption and misunderstanding that all “militants” are legitimate targets for the use of lethal force, and that any strike against a “militant” is lawful. This binary distinction. … distinction is extremely problematic, however, from a legal perspective. [First] use of the word “militant” to describe individuals killed by drones often obscures whether those killed are in fact lawful targets under the international legal regime governing the US operations in Pakistan. It is not necessarily the case that any person who might be described as a “militant” can be lawfully intentionally killed.
Even if one buys into the drone program, he or she must acknowledge that
… in order for an intentional lethal targeting to be lawful, a fundamental set of legal tests must be satisfied. For example … the targeted individual must either be directly participating in hostilities with the US (international humanitarian law) or posing an imminent threat that only lethal force can prevent (international human rights law).
But that's only the beginning of the criteria that should be used in determining if someone is Predator or Reaper fodder.
[First] members of militant groups with which the US is not in an armed conflict are not lawful targets, absent additional circumstances … Further, simply being suspected of some connection to a “militant” organization—or, under the current administration's apparent definition, simply being a male of military age in an area where “militant” organizations are believed to operate–is not alone sufficient to make someone a permissible target for killing. … Second, the label “militant” also fails to distinguish between so-called “high-value” targets with alleged leadership roles in Al Qaeda or [the Taliban], and low-level alleged insurgents with no apparent … means of posing a serious or imminent threat to the US. National security analysts—and the White House itself—have found that the vast majority of those killed in drone strikes in Pakistan have been low-level alleged “militants.”
To make matters worse, along with the CIA failing to properly discriminate about who it attacks
… Often, little to no information is presented to support the claim … that a certain number of those killed were “militants.” And, it is entirely unclear what, if any, investigations are carried out by the Pakistani or US governments to determine who and how many people were killed.
The drone program was key in preventing many of us from throwing our support behind President Obama in the election. In future posts, we'll examine further atrocities within the atrocity that the drone program as a whole constitutes.
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Talks between Theresa May and Sadiq Khan ended in soured relations after Downing Street today accused the mayor of “dragging his feet” on building homes for Londoners.
A war of words broke out after the private meeting at 10 Downing Street, where Mrs May called for “much more ambitious and pro-active approaches” from the Mayor and council leaders to unlock developments.
Mr Khan's team voiced surprise, saying Mrs May had not made such strong criticism to his face.
The skirmish suggests the Tories are gearing up to put Labour councils' record on home-building at the heart of their campaign for next year's borough elections.
Mrs May was said to have called for the rapid development of some 5,700 acres of land owned by Transport for London, chaired by Mr Khan, as it had “huge potential” for flats and houses.
Government sources said the PM had expressed concern that “just 371 affordable homes have been started in London so far” in the 2017/18 year, despite some £3.15 billion being provided.
She is said to have scolded him by saying the supply of homes in London was the responsibility of City Hall and the 32 boroughs.
The meeting was part of Mrs May's regular talks with the Mayor of London and other heads of devolved administrations on a range of issues.
A Government source later went further by saying there was concern that Mr Khan was not acting fast enough. “The housing crisis is one of the most serious issues facing Londoners today - yet the Mayor is failing to take the action necessary to increase house building in the capital.
“The Prime Minister has made clear the Mayor needs to deliver a housing strategy which includes an ambitious annual housing target and a credible plan for identifying land suitable for development. The Mayor simply cannot continue to drag his feet any longer.”
A source close to the Mayor hit back, saying: “Clearly the Prime Minister's dreadful week has got to her as she didn't say that in the meeting. Sadiq inherited a dreadful housing crisis from his Tory predecessor and the Tory Government, and he is doing everything possible within his powers to turn it round - but this will take time.
“If the Prime Minister knew the first thing about housing she would know that the shockingly low number of houses being built now are the pipeline inherited from Boris Johnson - her Foreign Secretary. This pathetic party politics will not solve the housing crisis. It's time the Prime Minister gave London the powers and resources we need to build the homes Londoners need.”
There were 7,350 starts on new homes from July to December 2016, when Mr Khan was first Mayor of London, according to official statistics. That was down from 10,410 in the same period in 2015 under Mr Johnson, and down from 9,720 starts from January to June 2016, when they overlapped.
The talks also covered devolution and the planned Crossrail 2 north-south route.
The province's transportation minister says the Cape Breton and Central Nova Scotia Railway line in Cape Breton will likely shut down this fall.
"They've taken considerable losses on this line," said Geoff MacLellan, noting the line is operating at five per cent of what is needed to break even.
The province gives the rail company a subsidy worth $2 million a year to operate the line. MacLellan said it is time to gather stakeholders to think about the line's future.
"This is about the health and the survival of the line, so we'll talk to the local [Cape Breton Regional Municipality], we'll talk to the private sector players who are affected by this, and of course, it may be time to start looking for new operators for that line," he said.
MacLellan said the province will continue to offer the annual subsidy to whatever company ends up operating the line.
"For us, this is about the line, it's about Cape Bretoners and it's about the economy and we know that some of the important pillars of the economy here may be connected to some modes of transportation, including rail," he said.
The loss of the rail line would have a significant impact on Cape Breton's business community.
Sean Burke is the general manager of Polysteel Atlantic, a company that makes synthetic rope and brings in the raw materials by rail. He says losing the rail line would mean a big increase in his operating costs.
The CBCNS Rail company has come under fire recently for ignoring concerns from Port Hawkesbury Mayor Billy Joe MacLean and Coun. Joe Janega, who is also a structural engineer with 35 years' experience, about the line's structural integrity.
Revenge porn is a growing and dangerous issue. This bill would make it a federal crime.
GovTrack.us Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 16, 2016
Non-consensual pornography, including “revenge porn,” has become one of the scariest and most common digital violations of personal privacy on the Internet. The practice involves posting nude photos or videos of a person online — a woman in 90 percent of cases — without their consent or knowledge, for the whole world to see.
It garners the most headlines when hackers do it to celebrities such as Jennifer Lawrence and Leslie Jones, but also has occurred to potentially hundreds of thousands of American private citizens. There are numerous cases of an angry ex-boyfriend public posting a nude photo of his ex-girlfriend that was sent consensually at the time they were dating. More than half of victims have considered suicide.
But although 34 states ban the practice, the act is not classified as a federal crime. Rep. Jackie Speier (D-CA14) in July introduced the Intimate Privacy Protection Act, H.R. 5896, which would make nonconsensual pornography such as “revenge porn” a federal crime.
What the bill does
The bill, with the acronym IPPA, would make it illegal to “knowingly distribute sexually explicit material with reckless disregard for the victim's lack of consent.” It would allow a maximum five-year sentence for the crime.
But the bill carves out protections for websites that accidentally play host to such illegal content, meaning for example that Reddit wouldn't be prosecuted if a user posts a revenge porn photograph to their website, only the user who uploaded it would be. However, it would prosecute websites that “actively promote or solicit” non-consensual pornography.
What supporters say
Supporters say the bill is a long-overdue addition to the federal code, that in addition to rape and sexual assault being crimes, this law would reflect the growing threat of digital privacy violation of a sexual nature.
“What makes these acts even more despicable is that many predators have gleefully acknowledged that the vast majority of their victims have no way to fight back. Celebrities and other high profile victims might be able to take on these predators in civil courts, but the average person can't afford that option,” Rep. Speier said in a press release announcing the legislation. “Even more disturbing is the number of victims who have mustered the courage and strength to pursue criminal charges, only to learn there is no law that protects them. My bill will fix that appalling legal failure.”
Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has also spoked in favor of legislation that would make nonconsensual pornography a federal crime. “I will do everything I can as president to try and figure out how we can give victims like you the tools you need, and the rest of society should support, to be able to protect yourself and, by doing so, protect others,” Clinton said in an interview with YouTube star Chrissy Chambers. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has spoken about his plan to reduce sexual assault in the military, with a proposal to strengthen the existing system that some lawmakers say is failing. (Trump himself has also been accused of sexual assault numerous times.)
Facebook and Twitter, the two largest social networking sites in the U.S., have also signed on in support of the legislation.
What opponents say
Of course, no member of Congress or opinion columnist is on the record as supporting revenge porn. But civil liberties advocates have argued that such laws can be overly broad, criminalizing baby bathtub pictures and wartime photos of naked people running for their lives. The MPAA opposed a similar state law in Minnesota by noting that photos of prisoners at Auschwitz and Abu Ghraib detention facilities were images depicting nudity which were widely shared without consent.
Lee Tien, an attorney with the Electronic Frontier Foundation, warned in an interview with U.S. News and World Report that “the lack of required intent for offenders could ensnare someone who hypothetically shares an image of a person who has since died because they would not have provided their consent.”
The bill has attempted to solve some of those issues, with exceptions for photos taken in public, for commercial purposes, or that are “in the public interest.” (Although that hazy standard could be difficult to ascertain.)
Odds of passage
It has attracted six cosponsors, four Republicans and two Democrats. The bill has been referred to the House Judiciary Committee's Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations. It has not yet received a vote.
With non-consensual pornography generally considered a women's issue, because about 90 percent of victims are female, and since the bill would expand federal criminal law, the Republican-led Congress may be loathe to pass this legislation.
This article was written by GovTrack staff writer Jesse Rifkin.
'Tropic Thunder' Writer Now Set to Direct 'Boy Scouts vs. Zombies'
Awhile back, there was word that Race to Witch Mountain director was going to oversee production of Boy Scouts vs. Zombies, a project from College Road Trip writers Carrie Evans and Emi Mochizuki that made the Black List in 2010. Since then we haven't heard anything about the project, but now Heat Vision has word that Tropic Thunder and Men in Black 3 writer Etan Cohen will make his directorial debut with the film that follows a troop of young boy scouts that must save a group of girl scouts from a pack of zombies that will just spoil a good camping trip. That actually has renewed my faith in this silly sounding project.
Initially, I was worried that such family friendly filmmakers were working on a film that should probably be an R-rated action horror romp, but with Etan Cohen behind the camera, this could at least turn into some bloody PG-13 fare. In addition, Cohen will oversee the writing of a new draft by Lona Williams, who wrote the pseudo mockumentary feature Drop Dead Gorgeous. The project still sounds somewhat goofy, but if the script made the Black List, then there has to be something special here. Hopefully something like Super 8 meets Shaun of the Dead is what ends up on the big screen.
No comments yet.
Sorry, no commenting is allowed at this time.
Venezuela's economic crisis is showing no signs of abating, and people are increasingly frustrated – and rightly so. In lieu of this, the opposition umbrella group, the MUD, has called for street protests this Saturday.
That people should take to the streets demanding some sort of solution should be a gimme. No government should be allowed to get away with the type of stuff the Maduro government is putting Venezuelans through without feeling at least some heat from the street. Furthermore, opposition politicians, including those previously lukewarm to using the streets to press for change, have realized they either channel public discontent, or they will be left out of the coming change.
In spite of this natural development, there are still a few who think Venezuelans should keep calm and just stand in line quietly.
Key among This is Lara governor Henri Falcón. Long a darling of the left wing of the opposition, the former chavista has come out saying that Venezuelans should *not* take to the streets, that instead they should focus on “electoral, constitutional, peaceful ways” of solving our problems.
That Falcón equates marching in the streets with unconstitutional, violent coup-mongering is shocking enough. What was even more galling, at least to me, was his use of Chile as an example.
Falcón cites Chile's Concertación as an example of how to channel public outrage into change via elections. What Falcón didn't understand in his brief visit to Chile a few weeks ago – invited by a group of Chilean left-wing politicians and activists – was that for many years the Concertación took part in peaceful protests before focusing on the referendum that ended up ousting Augusto Pinochet.
Only when a date had been set, and conditions for participating had been established, did Chile's Concertación decide to focus on the referendum. Even then, they never left the streets. In using a completely inappropriate example, Falcón is simply showing his ignorance.
Another group that is trying to deflate popular discontent is Unasur. Yesterday, the organization's chief diplomat, Ernesto Samper, said the group supports Maduro as well as dialogue.
We've seen this before – engage in fruitless dialogue to deflate popular anger. It may have even worked the last time around. Samper is delusional if he thinks the opposition leadership is going to fall for this trap again, particularly after showing such biased support for the government. By forfeiting its impartiality, Unasur has lost a ton of credibility with the majority of the country.
Venezuela needs dialogue, that's for sure. The number one item on the agenda is the transition to a new, democratic government that will provide solutions Maduro is simply unwilling to enact, and free political prisoners. In fact, if I were the MUD, I would name Maria Corina Machado the opposition's chief negotiator in such dialogue. Let's see how Samper deals with her at the negotiating table.
Nobody thinks that street protests alone are going to topple Maduro – in fact, I'm not sure that's even the point. The use of marching to effect change is a debatable point. However, expecting people to simply not protest for what is going on strikes me as hopelessly tone-deaf. It is even unwise to pretend you can put a lid on the simmering anger.
I don't know how wise street protests are. All I know is that they are completely understandable, and inevitable. Appeasers such as Falcón and Unasur don't really seem to grasp how dramatic the moment is.
Caracas Chronicles is 100% reader-supported. Support independent Venezuelan journalism by making a donation.
The FLC8S Customs is the customs version of FLC8S. It comes with the exact same tunng capibility as the FLC8S and can provide 36 variations of sound signature. The FLC8S Customs also comes with the FLC8S silver upgrade cable as a default
Accessories:
1X Silver upgrade cable (already attached to the customs)
4 pairs of eartips
1X cleaning tool
1 set of filter tips
1 set of spare filters
Specification:
Driver unit: 8.6 mm dynamic drivers+ dual balanced armature
Rated Impedance: 11 Ohm
Sensitivity: 93 dB/mW
Frequency response: 20Hz- 20KHz
Plug: 3.5mm gold-plated plug
Cable: 1.30 mm TPU cable
How to order:
Non- Singaporean Customers:
Price includes: 1 Free refit and free shipping from our office to you. You will need to bear any shipping cost in your
1) Choose the housing color and the faceplates from the choices above.
2) Please contact us if you would like a custom design and we will check with FLC to let you know if they can do it for you.
3) Once payment has been made, we will send an email notifying you on the requirement for ear impressions as well as the address to send us to.
4) Once we have sent out the ear impression to FLC Technology, we will not entertain any request for refund. No refund will also be provided if you are unhappy with the final product.
Singaporean Customers:
Price includes: 1 Free refit, 1 free ear impression (done by the Hearing Centre) and free shipping from our office to you. You will need to bear any shipping cost in your
1) Choose the housing color and the faceplates from the choices above.
2) Please contact us if you would like a custom design and we will check with FLC to let you know if they can do it for you.
3) Once payment has been made, we will send an email notifying you on the requirement for ear impressions as well as the address to send us to.
4) Once we have sent out the ear impression to FLC Technology, we will not entertain any request for refund. No refund will also be provided if you are unhappy with the final product.
Should We Leave Javascript In Front End Programming?
Also: Javascript Is Not One Language Anymore
I recently "inherited" a Javascript project at work. It was only "a medium-sized React app", so we all thought it would be easy to get it up and running, and for us to start being productive - even though the application's only author was not there to help.
But unfortunately, it was not easy. It took a couple of hours for the build to work, and a couple of days until I could make any production-ready changes. The difficulties I encountered in this process made me think about the technology choices we have to make in programming.
For instance, I always thought I knew the answer to this question: Should we implement the next front end project in Javascript?
My Original Answer
Yes. I believed a hundred percent that, even though there were some really interesting language choices on the radar, we should choose Javascript. Simply because that's what every developer in the market knows, and there are already a lot of libraries / frameworks that I can choose from. Summing up, the main reason is familiarity, both with the syntax and the tools.
And that's what seems to have changed in front end web programming.
Javascript Is Not One Language Anymore
First of all, let me explain what I mean by "Javascript is not one language anymore". I work on a really big front end project that still uses ES5 for most of the code, Angular 1.x as the framework, and Ramda as the main util library. Here is an example of a common piece of code:
var onPress = pCompose( pCatch(MetricService.logEvent( 'payment:error' )), MetricService.logEvent( 'payment:success' ), StateService.change( 'payment' ), prop( 'data' ), $http, PaymentApiService.requestObj, MetricService.logEvent( 'payment:submit' ));
This is a good ES5 / Ramda / Angular piece of code. ( pCompose and pCatch are not from Ramda library, but they are pretty self explanatory :) ).
That piece of code written today could look like:
const onPress = async id => { MetricService.logEvent( 'payment:submit' , id) const cartReq = PaymentApiService.requestObj(id) try { const { data } = await axios(cartReq) StateService.change( 'payment' , data) MetricService.logEvent( 'payment:success' , data) } catch (err) { MetricService.logEvent( 'payment:error' , err) } }
Which is also a perfectly good ES7 piece of code. And it's completely different, in a lot of aspects.
Some examples of differences in Javascript code: ES5 callbacks are very different from ES6 promises that are very different from ES7 async functions. "For" loops are very different from Lodash code, that is different from Ramda or Trine code too. Mutable objects, ImmutableJS, ES7 object spread operator... The list goes on.
So, no two projects I've ever encountered were alike in those terms. They are always some chosen combination of practices and technologies, usually with very different styles mixed in because of external dependencies.
We can conclude that Javascript projects tend to be fundamentally different from each other, and tend to be messy as they grow.
New Technologies Are Better
ES6 and ES7 are bringing some really good features to the language. But to use them in a production environment, we will have to rely on "transpiling" tools like Babel. This is bringing Javascript development itself closer to other front end languages development. And there are a lot of those.
The thing is, these other languages do a lot of things better than Javascript. For example, TypeScript adds a thin layer of types that can save a lot of headaches when your code base gets larger. ClojureScript has some very simple and performant wrappers around React, that work well with channels and goroutines for async work. Elm's cleverly designed compiler almost guarantees no runtime error will happen.
With this information in mind, we can ask the question one more time: should we implement the next front end project in Javascript?
Opportunity Cost
The way this question should always be answered is with an opportunity cost analysis. In our case, it could be divided in three steps:
1. Which problems in the code base would I like to solve?
We need to understand our application's needs. Does it deal with a lot of async work? Is it heavy on user interaction? Does it need to run on very different platforms?
2. Are there tools that will help me with those problems better than Javascript?
The next step is trying to find solutions to these problems, and tools that implement those solutions. Powerful type systems, flexible async patterns, performant rendering, these are all important solutions that should be considered. Make a list of languages / tools that could help each problem.
3. What are the costs of using these tools in relation to using the most up-to-date Javascript?
What is the learning curve? How active is the community? Does it have a big ecosystem? How about native Javascript interop?
The answers to these questions define how costly the adoption of technology will be. An example: although ClojureScript has a decent sized community and ecosystem, these are nothing compared to Javascript, so there's an opportunity cost in choosing this tool.
And that's where the analysis enters: we have to weigh the benefits, and see if they outweigh the costs in relation to using Javascript, always basing your analysis on the most up-to-date Javascript version, which means you'll have to have a "transpiling" build phase, and learn some new concepts anyway.
Sometimes we would prefer small changes - like starting to use TypeScript. Changing from Babel to TypeScript compiler is a small cost, and that can bring a project to a higher level.
Sometimes small changes can only bring us so far, and a bigger learning curve cost of, let's say, refactoring to Elm, can lead to so much improvement to the final code that the time invested is worth it.
With this in mind, is it still the case that we should always use Javascript for a front end web project?
My New Answer
Probably yes. And I think with a little time the answer will shift to a more certain "no". :)
Today (even though this is changing) Javascript is still the "simple way to start doing something" tool. We all have browsers that can understand Javascript, and they have awesome debugging tools. Adding a build tool and using Babel is still simpler than most front end language development workflows.
An important observation: if we want to develop for mobile, React Native is the best "non-native" choice. So it makes sense that, if we want to reuse code or even knowledge in mobile projects, Javascript is the chosen tool.
But this is changing fast. I really believe that in about a year or two, Javascript's only strength will be the ecosystem. Tools like figwheel for ClojureScript, and elm-reactor for Elm are already considered superior to native Javascript dev tools.
Having worked with Clojure before, I've already felt the benefits of using a superior language to solve a problem. I plan to start doing small projects in different languages this year, and write about them on this blog. I would really like to here about other developers experiences with compile-to-js languages, so feel free to post it in the comments!
March 21, 2016.
Hub Arkush is a long time NFL journalist and commentator, who was a member of the Chicago Bears radio team from 1987-2004. He can still be heard around Chicago sports radio giving his unique insights to the Bears.
In his latest mock draft he not only heads in a direction I haven't seen anyone else go, but he's steadfastly against the most popular pick by fans at 14th overall.
Here's a link to his mock draft that published earlier this week, and here's who he picked at 14 for the Bears.
Justin Gilbert, CB, Oklahoma State Best player available fits one of the Bears' greatest needs.
Yes please.
Gilbert is the top corner in the draft with good size (6', 202), good speed (4.37 40) and good productivity in college with seven interceptions as a senior. He also has kick return ability as evidenced by his six return touchdowns.
If Gilbert is there at 14, I'd even take him over Pittsburgh defensive tackle Aaron Donald.
I just don't see him lasting to 14.
And speaking of Donald, Arkush isn't a fan. When asked via Twitter why he didn't mock Donald or DT prospect Timmy Jernigan to the Bears he responded with this;
Both are significantly undersized, even as three-techniques, and neither consistently dominated at the college level. The best you're going to get with either is an overachiever who makes the occasional play but can be double-teamed and erased whenever an offense chooses to attack them. Jernigan at least has more natural strength, but neither is strong enough to handle big time NFL guards. Donald's strengths are talents that won't help him in the NFL. I don't care if a defensive tackle runs a sub-4.7 40-yard dash, make him a linebacker. And the 35 reps in the 225-pound bench press is very impressive in the weight room, but meaningless once a 320-pound guard or tackle gets his hands on him. I think both will end up as third tackles in some team's three-tackle rotation who make occasional plays in the backfield when allowed to shoot gaps, but will be liabilities against the run and incapable of playing in a two-gap scheme.
What do you think of his assessment of Donald and Jernigan?
Also, what are your thoughts on Gilbert lasting til 14th overall?
Would you draft him over Donald?
This week, representatives from Google, Facebook, and Twitter are appearing before House and Senate subcommittees to answer for their role in Russian manipulation during the 2016 election, and so far, the questioning has been brutal. Facebook has taken the bulk of the heat, being publicly called out by members of Congress for missing a wave of Russian activity until months after the election.
But one of the most interesting parts of yesterday's proceedings actually came after the big companies had left the room, and a national security researcher named Clint Watts took the floor. Watts is one of the most respected figures in the nascent field of social media manipulation — and when it came time to diagnose root of Russia's platform meddling, he put much of the blame on the decision to allow anonymous accounts. As long as Russian operatives can get on Twitter and Facebook without identifying themselves, Watts diagnosed, foreign actors will be able to quietly influence our politics:
“With features like account anonymity, unlimited audience access, low cost technology tools, plausible deniability – social media provides Russia an unprecedented opportunity to execute their dark arts of manipulation and subversion…Today, anonymous sites rife with conspiracy theories, such as 4Chan and Reddit, offer unlimited options for placement of digital forgeries that drive Kremlin narratives. Graphics, memes & documents litter these discussion boards providing ammunition for Kremlin narratives and kompromat. Anonymous posts of the Kremlin's design or those generated by the target audiences power smear campaigns and falsehoods that tarnish confidence in America and trust in democratic institutions.”
The point is clear enough: if you're fighting Russian interference on social media, anonymity is a big problem. In some ways, it's the original sin, creating space for that first lie that lets trolls enter the conversation unnoticed. “Account anonymity in public provides some benefits to society, but social media companies must work immediately to confirm real humans operate accounts,” Watts told the committee. “The negative effects of social bots far outweigh any benefits.” It's a common insight among bot-hunters, and one that's become particularly popular amid this week's hearings.
Thomas Rid expressed a similar idea this morning, making the case that Twitter had been more useful for Russian active measures than Facebook. “[Twitter's] openness,” Rid writes, “particularly the openness for deletion, anonymity, and automation, has made the platform easy to exploit.” The Digital Forensics Research Lab, a longtime hub for bot-watchers, opened the hearing with four questions for social media companies, including a tricky one: What is the limit of anonymity on social media?
In each case, the writers stop short of asking for an outright ban on anonymous accounts. But measures like Facebook's real name policy have been cast as useful tools in the fight against Russian influence — and often tools in need of stricter enforcement. The online pseudonym was once a guiding light of internet culture, a crucial protection for whistleblowers and communities with a legitimate fear of being exposed. Now, it's increasingly seen as a threat. Worse, it seems more and more likely that platforms will respond to Russia concerns by tightening restrictions on online anonymity, and driving webgoers to live more and more of their online life under legal names.
Taking on the issue in the earlier panel, Facebook general counsel Colin Stretch cast the entire problem as one of identity. “It wasn't so much the content,” Stretch told the committee. “The real problem with what we saw was its lack of authenticity.” It's a useful line for Facebook, particularly as the criticism broadens from paid election ads (the target of the only recent bill to tackle the issue) to Russian posting in general. Reining in organic posts is much trickier than reining in ad spending, and it's hard to imagine doing it without tighter identity controls.
“The real problem with what we saw was its lack of authenticity.”
Even though the idea has come to prominence on a wave of anger towards Facebook, Zuckerberg would probably suffer the least damage from a crackdown on anonymity. Facebook already has a real name policy, and they could easily tighten enforcement to include ID checks without altering their core product. There are plenty of services like NextDoor with stricter identity policies, and they don't pose any significant technical problems. The problem is social. We're used to anonymity on the internet, particularly on the services where it's still available. It's hard to know what an anonymity backlash would mean for services like Twitter, Reddit, and 4chan — all of which are named in Watts' testimony as playing a role in Russian disinformation.
In the background, there's an even harder question: is anonymity still worth saving? It's foundational to many people's idea of the internet, but amid widespread online harassment and Facebook itself, it's come to mean less and less. Even without Russian influence campaigns, the web's online spaces are largely associated with the ugliest parts of humanity. (4chan is a prime example.) With new pressure from Congress, bot analysts, and the public, online anonymity may not have any defenders left. In the face of that, Twitter, Reddit, and others might decide a real name policy is a small price to pay for forestalling federal regulation.
Maybe all that sounds like a straw man. I hope it is. The most likely path forward is still that Congress does nothing — or, failing that, sticks to the FEC regulations laid out in Warner-Klobuchar — and Russian disinformation continues to be a hazard of digital life. It's a hard problem, and at this point, it's reasonable to not trust Congress or Facebook management to solve it. Still, it's worth considering what we want platforms to do about fake posts. Do we want stronger identity checks before a person is allowed to post online? Do we want an algorithm sniffing out activity that looks like an influence campaign, with all the inevitable false positives such a system would bring? Do we want intelligence services to actively collaborate with Facebook in sniffing out those campaigns? All those ideas make me nervous, but they don't seem as implausible as they would have a year ago, or even a week ago.
One of the largest Chinese student organizations in the United States has been shut down due to violations of financial and organizational policies.
A short statement on the official website of Columbia University Chinese Students and Scholars Association, CUCSSA, said the student organization had been “de-recognized” and that the organization no longer is engaging in any activities.
A spokeswoman at the university in New York said in an e-mail that the disciplinary action became unavoidable after several warnings.
"The number of students from China enrolled at Columbia exceeds any other group of international students by a substantial margin, a fact we celebrate and take pride in. In this matter, the Columbia University Chinese Students and Scholars Association (CUCSSA) has been treated in the same manner as other student groups.”
“Unfortunately, the ongoing violations of multiple financial and student organizational policies by CUCSSA persisted after the organization had been placed on probation, making the recent disciplinary action unavoidable.”
“The University recognizes the valuable function served by student groups such as CUCSSA and will consider future re-recognition of this group in accordance with University policy."
Founded in 1996, the CUCSSA student organization is today one of the largest overseas Chinese organizations on the east coast of the United States. Its mission, stated on its Linkedin page, is to enhance political and cultural exchanges between China and the US and to project positive Chinese influences into the American society.
The CUCSSA recently amended its constitution, the Linkedin page said, and added a mission of “facilitating the perceptions of China's peaceful rise,” with the aim to safeguard a “peaceful and harmonic political environment” where Chinese people live.
The issue is a hot topic on Sina Weibo, China's answer to Twitter , with speculation ranging from infighting and corruption to the student group being used to recruit spies. None of these theories were confirmed by the writer.
The New York metropolitan area is home to the largest ethnic Chinese population outside of Asia, and a large-scale immigration continues from China. Today, Chinese students account for almost one-third of New York State's international students.
Columbia University is a private Ivy League research university located in Upper Manhattan, New York City. It's among the most popular universities for foreign students.
Western black rhino has been declared extinct By By Nancy Houser Nov 7, 2013 in Environment Johannesburg - The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), the world's largest conservation network, has declared the western black rhino subspecies as extinct. From 2007 to 2012, rhino poaching has increased 5000%. Meanwhile, other rhino species remain on the brink of extinction. Last seen in 2006 in western Africa, the western black rhino is a subspecies of the African black rhino. According to What will cause further extinction of the remaining species of rhinos are the lack of conservation practices and removal of are their horns, a poached product that is popular in Asia as a powdered rhino horn medicine and in the Middle East as a decoration. Conservation has paid off with the In 1960, about 70,000 black rhinos existed, with only 4,000 remaining today. Six days ago, the "Dallas Safari Club" stated they would be auctioning off a permit for hunting an endangered black rhino, expected to bring in over $1 million. This attracted criticism from conservation groups, but the club said the money was a fundraiser to help protect the species. According to Jan Eliasson , United Nations Deputy Secretary-General, the proceeds of illegal poaching goes toward terror organizations and transnational organized crime. It is linked to drug smugglers, gun runners and human trafficking.Meanwhile, other rhino species remain on the brink of extinction. Last seen in 2006 in western Africa, the western black rhino is a subspecies of the African black rhino. According to CNN , the black rhino is listed as “critically endangered” by the IUCN, also warning that the Asia's Javan rhino are “teetering on the brink of extinction.”What will cause further extinction of the remaining species of rhinos are the lack of conservation practices and removal of are their horns, a poached product that is popular in Asia as a powdered rhino horn medicine and in the Middle East as a decoration.Conservation has paid off with the white rhino, with populations rising from less than 100 at the end of the 19th century to an estimated wild population of 20,000 today. Yet, they are considered to be on the brink of extinction.In 1960, about 70,000 black rhinos existed, with only 4,000 remaining today. Six days ago, the "Dallas Safari Club" stated they would be auctioning off a permit for hunting an endangered black rhino, expected to bring in over $1 million. This attracted criticism from conservation groups, but the club said the money was a fundraiser to help protect the species. More about Africa, western black rhino, Extinct Africa western black rhino Extinct
Charlie Webster had tweeted this photo of herself in her Rio hospital bed before her condition deteriorated. She is reportedly out of an induced coma.
A British TV presenter has been brought out of an induced coma, after being struck down by a rare form of malaria in Rio.
And the first words out of Charlie Webster's mouth to her mother at her bedside were "look at all these machines, keeping me alive".
Webster, a former Sky Sports News anchor, is believed to have contracted the rare malaria strain on her way to the Olympic Games.
The 33-year-old had been in a coma and on life support in Rio de Janeiro, but was widely reported on Friday morning to have been brought back into consciousness.
READ MORE:
* Zika, water quality, violent crime - the perils of Rio
* Tennis stars pike like golfers as Zika excuse given
* Foreign Minister Murray McCully contracted Zika
​​* Stuff's Rio Olympics guide to NZers in action
* Rio Olympics: Meet Team New Zealand
'CHARLOTTE KNOWS SHE NEARLY DIED'
KEVORK DJANSEZIAN/REUTERS TV presenter Charlie Webster, who is fighting malaria.
The Sun reported her mother Joy as being thankful she was able to communicate again.
"It's been the worst imaginable time – we have been beside ourselves with worry, but the fact Charlotte is now conscious is amazing.
"Charlotte knows she nearly died, she mouthed to me earlier 'look at all the machines keeping me alive," The Sun reported.
She began feeling unwell at the Olympics opening ceremony. Initially put it down to dehydration and felt well enough to post pictures from hospital on social media.
But her condition then deteriorated, and she was placed in a coma at a private hospital in Copacabana.
She was brought out of the coma on Friday to find her mother Joy by her bedside in Rio.
Webster is not totally in the clear however, doctors say she's still dependent on a machine to help her breathe and remains on dialysis after her kidneys failed during her illness.
WHERE DID SHE CONTRACT IT?
Webster travelled to France, Spain and Portugal, before flying to the north of Brazil before cycling down the country to Rio.
A friend said Webster checked the medical risks and was told she did not need to take anti-malaria drugs because of where she was travelling.
"Charlie is battling for survival at the moment – everyone is distraught. But she is so strong and a very fit and healthy person in general so we have to keep positive."
''The doctors have now identified the very rare malaria strain she has contracted so she is receiving the right treatment in Rio.'
Webster was one of Team GB's official presenters at the Olympics and was working alongside fellow ambassadors for a number of different broadcasters.
Much of the pre-Games lead-up was dominated by fears about the Zika virus - and a number of high-profile sports stars, including golfer Rory McIlroy, chose to opt out of the Games.
While malaria and Zika are both mosquito-borne diseases, they are caused by different mosquitoes. Malaria, especially if it isn't treated within 24 hours, can lead to severe illness - and death, while Zika is generally not considered lethal.
During the November 15 airing of Meet the Press, Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump commented on the Paris terror attacks by saying things would have ended very differently if the French people had guns and were allowed to carry.
Trump made this comment at a campaign stop and the crowd roared in response.
Trump identified the French people as “our people”–as fellow Westerners–and said, “You can say what you want, but if [the French people] had guns, if our people had guns, it would have been a much, much different situation.”
This is not the first time Trump has pointed to individual gun ownership as part of the solution to the random slaughter of innocent citizens in France. Following the January 7 attacks on unarmed French citizens at Charlie Hebdo, Trump said, “When guns are outlawed, only outlaws will have guns.” Moreover, he told Israeli National News, “Isn't it interesting that the tragedy in Paris took place in one of the toughest gun control countries in the world?”
In the wake of Friday's attack Trump continues to make the same necessary observation and point out that the terrorists were able to kill indiscriminately because the French people were unarmed.
Follow AWR Hawkins on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.
The move was already being felt on Friday afternoon. Instead of scenes of fraternity brothers drinking and playing games on their lawns and porches, the only visible activity was found in the yard outside Theta Delta Chi, where students were selling doughnuts and apple cider to raise money for the Breast Cancer Research Fund.
The suspension was a major topic of conversation at the food court in the basement of the student union, where three different groups of young men were overheard complaining about the cancellation of parties this weekend, though they declined to speak with a reporter.
Henry Flynn, a 19-year-old sophomore, said he rushed a few fraternities last winter before deciding against pledging after his roommate was taken to the hospital with alcohol poisoning after a Greek event. Mr. Flynn recalled one activity where potential pledges moved from room to room participating in different drinking games, and another in which they were tested on how they answered women's invasive questions about their sexual histories.
While fraternities often speak publicly about their charitable work, Mr. Flynn heard little about that during rush. “The focus was how you fit into this community based on how much you party,” he said. “That was the vibe I got.”
Another sophomore, Tiffany Liu, recalled a friend being hit on by a fraternity pledge who said that part of his hazing required him to have intercourse with a woman. Fraternities were “the main source of propagating hookup culture,” Ms. Liu said. “That's what their parties are about.”
Mr. Fitzgerald, the spokesman for the university, which has 29,000 undergraduates, said that school authorities and the local police were looking into all of the misconduct complaints.
Mr. Fitzgerald said sororities at Michigan do not normally host parties at their houses, so they would not be affected by the suspension. And the decree affects only fraternities that fall under the purview of the Interfraternity Council, leaving the four predominantly African-American fraternities that are part of the National Pan-Hellenic Council free to continue hosting social events.
We just got the news that Sony Entertainment Television has renewed Kapil Sharma'scontract for one more year. This means that the comedian is a relived man. Besides, his TV show, Kapil is also doing a film Firangi that stars Ishita Dutta and Monica Gill. However, this is not all. The star comedian has other big plans up his sleeve. Kapil is clearly not contented with TV/films and wants to foray into the next big medium, which is digital. The comedian who started off as a stand-up wants to go back to his early avatar on a digital platform, which he feels is the future of entertainment.
A source told Bollywood Life, "Kapil has been having meetings with Netflix India. He is very keen to do a stand-up comedy show with the digital channel. He strongly feels that digital is the future of entertainment in India. In fact, he has been having meetings with Amazon and Hotstar as well. It ultimately boils down on the moolah he will get from a particular channel. Kapil appreciates the medium because of the audience it caters to and lack of restrictions."
The dipping TRPs of his show have been a cause of concern for Kapil Sharma in past few days. He has been suffering from low blood pressure and sugar problems. Due to his stress-related exhaustion, shows featuring actors Shah Rukh Khan and Anushka Sharma and later, Arjun Kapoor's Mubarakan team was cancelled. Stories also did the rounds of how he was neglecting the show for his film, Firangi, which is directed by Rajiv Dhingra of Love Punjab fame. Recently, he made news after he sent a birthday wish to Sunil Grover who replied back.
It would be great to see Kapil Sharma on a digital platform like Netflix. A digital space might be the perfect medium for him to reinvent himself as a comedian. What do you think? Stay tuned to Bollywood Life for more scoop and updates...
Shortly after a 28-0 win over the Rams on Monday, 49ers running back Shaun Draughn was in a group chat that included his mom, two sisters and wife.
The topic of his family's texts: Their last name.
ESPN play-by-play man Chris Berman had spent the prime-time telecast calling him Shaun “Drawn,” but his name is pronounced “Drone.” The error had Draughn's loved ones up in arms, and he also received videos that included Berman's repeated gaffe from friends in his hometown of Tarboro, N.C.
“Everyone was saying. ‘I wish he would pronounce your name right,'” Draughn said. “Of course, everyone from Tarboro knows how to pronounce my name.”
Draughn laughed as he recalled the reactions. And he also seemed amused by the mistake that had inspired them.
“Better to call (my name) wrong than not be calling it at all,” Draughn said. “It's all good.”
Draughn's no-big-deal response is understandable given his background: He wasn't drafted and has spent time on the roster of nine teams during a six-year career that has included plenty of pink slips (seven releases) and relatively few carries (158).
This year, however, Draughn, 28, is poised for a career-best season as the No. 2 back in an offense that is ready to run. The Eagles had the seventh-most rushing attempts in the NFL during Chip Kelly's three-year tenure, and it was more of the same in his 49ers' debut.
In Week 1, the 49ers had the NFL's most rushing attempts (42), fifth-most rushing yards (150) and matched a league best with three rushing touchdowns.
The heavy lifting was done by Carlos Hyde (88 yards, two TDs), while Draughn had 18 yards on seven carries and 18 yards on two catches. He did lose a fumble, but also had an impressive 3-yard touchdown run. Draughn bounced an inside zone-read run outside, stiff-armed safety T.J. McDonald to the ground and slipped between two defenders into the end zone.
Draughn smiled when asked where he'd rank the move on McDonald.
“It was definitely one of those that made me proud,” Draughn said. “The stiff-arm is one of my best tools. But to have that happen on Monday night, and then to top it off with a score, makes it definitely top two in my career.”
Another highlight will come Sunday when Draughn plays a homecoming game against the Panthers in Charlotte, which is about 240 miles from Tarboro. The less pleasant news: He'll face a defense that ranked fourth in rushing yards allowed last year, thanks to inside linebackers Luke Kuechly and Thomas Davis, who were first-team All-Pros.
Last year, Davis, 33, had 105 tackles and was the only NFL player with at least five sacks and four interceptions. Kuechly, 25, has the most tackles (601) in the NFL and most interceptions (11) by a linebacker since 2012.
“The one thing about both (Davis) and Luke is just their speed,” Kelly said. “Not only play-speed, but their ability to key and diagnose plays and recognize what's going on. You're not going to fool those guys very much. ... I don't know if it's the best, I'm not a comparison guy, but that's going to be as good a group as we'll face at linebacker.”
Kelly has also been complimentary of Draughn, partly because he possesses the pass-catching ability Kelly prizes in running backs. Despite playing in just six games with the 49ers last year, Draughn ranked fifth on the team (and led running backs) with 25 catches, which translates to 67 over a 16-game season.
Despite his lack of a pedigree, Kelly identified Draughn as Hyde's primary backup early in training camp, and his status didn't change after he missed the final three preseason games with a rib injury.
Draughn acknowledged he's not accustomed to such a stable situation.
“It's nice to know that you're in the plans,” Draughn said. “That's never been the case on any team that I've been with. So to really be valued is definitely a great feeling.”
For his friends and family, it wasn't a great feeling to have his name mispronounced during a rare moment of prime-time glory. Shaun “Drawn” scored a 3-yard touchdown? Draughn laughed it off.
“You can't fault him,” he said. “I just hope he gets it right next time.”
Eric Branch is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: ebranch@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @Eric_Branch
The bus driver stared at me as I dropped my 12-pack of water and six grocery bags on the floor. He opened his mouth, then closed it. A smirk.
"You've never ridden a bus before, have you?"
"Uh, not really," I said as I unlocked my phone, showing him the mobile ticket I'd purchased an hour earlier.
I grabbed my bags and took a seat. The driver chuckled.
"Oh, honey, don't worry. I've seen people do worse."
I'M A native Houstonian, so my foray into using public transit has been long and slow. Growing up in Tomball, the land of no public transportation, it was nearly impossible to get anywhere without a car. The only time I remember using anything approaching the realm of public transit was when my mom's car broke down and she called a taxi.
And, up until this point, I've never ridden a bus.
Even after I moved into the city, I thought: Why bother with public transit? I already spend money on gas and tires — why spend more money on a Q card? It wasn't until I moved to Miami for a summer that I realized public transportation is vital to a healthy and successful city.
While Miami's transit system isn't the most robust in the country, it felt different from Houston. I saw people using it every day. And every time I used it, I saw the potential for public transit back home. Houston's transit ridership actually went up in 2016, one of only two major cities to make such gains.
Still, Houston is thought of as a car city, even with growing indications that we want that to change. So, I challenged myself to use public transit for a week to see how the system works in Houston.
MY FIRST observation: Transit can involve an awful lot of walking and waiting.
Walking, because I live about half a mile from the nearest bus stop. Waiting, because I ended up standing in the Houston humidity for 30 minutes. This particular stop's only amenity is the shade it gets from a large tree. There wasn't a shelter or a bench. It was uncomfortable. I wondered what would've happened if it had been raining.
I hopped on the 84 — I'd become acquainted with this bus quickly — and after nine stops, I pressed the red button on the yellow pole and crossed the street to Fiesta to do my weekly grocery shopping.
When I got back to my apartment complex, it took me 17 minutes to walk the half-mile back to my front door. In the same amount of time, I could've driven back from Fiesta and had my groceries put away.
Still, I actually liked the walk. It gave me time to think. And ushering the case of water from my right hand to my left hand gave me a free arm workout.
THE NEXT day, I took transit to work. Although the Kinder Institute is housed on Rice University's campus, it's closer to the Medical Center. The Medical Center is one of the more transit-friendly areas in Houston for good reason: It gets at least 8 million visitors a year.
After consulting the Google Maps app (with its handy embedded transit information), I decided to make my morning commute a tad easier, choosing a route that didn't require a transfer and that would drop me off right in front of my building.
By the time we got to the transit center in the Medical Center, the bus was 75 percent full. But those numbers dwindled as soon as the driver parked the 84 in its spot and half the passengers unloaded. Most didn't have the luxury of a transfer-less commute.
The button to request a stop was close enough, no more than six inches to my right, but I had no clue when to press it, especially when we were in bumper-to-bumper traffic. What is the timing etiquette here?
I pressed it. 8:33 a.m. I got to work right on time.
I MADE my longest trek — to my grandma's apartment in Near Northwest — on a Thursday morning that happened to coincide with National Dump the Pump day, a one-day initiative to encourage public transit use. All of Metro's buses, light rail trains and Park and Rides were free in honor of the day.
I had used the light rail earlier in the week to get home from work, and I learned transferring was obvious: just follow the crowd. Only half my bus got off at the transit center and that group promptly split into two, one to the light rail on the left, the other to the one on the right. I followed the group on the right and got onto a nearly-empty rail car.
I had 10 stops until my next transfer, the Hermann Park/Rice University stop. This intersection is notoriously hostile toward pedestrians — a Rice University professor died after she was struck by a light rail while riding her bike to work earlier this year. Metro reacted, and research was done aiming to prevent these types of incidents, but knowing that did nothing to relieve the uneasiness in my chest. Still, I had to finish my task. I looked both ways — four times — and crossed the street to my next destination: a sheltered bus stop for the 56.
LEVY PARK: A great place. But only if you can get there.
The 56 rolled up, and I was off to the corner of Washington and Studemont, an intersection that I was familiar with thanks to the restaurants along the Washington Corridor. I'd never before paid attention, however, to the four bus stops in that area, so when I got off the 56 to transfer to the 85, I wasn't sure where the stop would be. I realized I had to cross Washington, a street full of speeding cars. The nervousness set in again as I pressed a button to activate the crosswalk signal.
I waited a minute, then two. Finally, the walk light was on. I waited a second, then walked two steps before a brown Nissan Versa honked at me. I stopped.
The driver — who ironically drove a car the same color, make and model as mine — gave me a look that said "what the hell are you doing?!" She was trying to turn in front of me even though I had the right of way. I hadn't realized crossing the street made me a target.
I stumbled back to the corner of Washington and Studemont.
By that time, I didn't have enough time to cross the intersection safely. I didn't want to cross at all.
I crossed anyway.
Until then, I'd never felt unsafe until now. I'd expected the uneasiness of trying a new thing, but hadn't actually felt it. Up until this point, the five rides each had their own pros and cons, as well as an overarching thread: Though many Houstonians have never experienced public transportation, it's vital for the people who use it.
The bus pulled up to my stop, across the street from the apartment complex where my grandparents live. I crossed the street and, as I was calling Grandma to open the gate, saw Grandpa outside, walking one of their three dogs.
"Hey!" I called out. "Open the gate!"
"Why are you on foot?" he said.
"I took the bus!"
"What?" he said, as he handed me the gate key.
I looked at my watch: 10:01 a.m. Two hours since I had left my apartment.
I hugged Grandma, who was also puzzled that I'd come on the bus. And then, blissfully, I sat down at the kitchen table — safe and sound — to a plate of empanadillas and a Pepsi.
Glissette Santana (@GlissetteSantan) is the web and social media editor for Rice University's Kinder Institute for Urban Research. This article is a condensed version of a series that originally appeared on the Kinder Institute's blog, The Urban Edge.
Bookmark Gray Matters. The button is close enough, no more than six inches to your right.
For people afraid of heights, leaning over a wall when rock climbing could cause feelings of terror and nausea. Being attached to ropes when climbing is not always reassuring for an acrophobe.
But perhaps experiencing similar conditions in virtual reality — with two feet on the ground — could help people overcome those fears.
That's the theory of six University of Washington students, who have developed a virtual reality (VR) rock climbing game to study how users experience the fear of heights. The game has the potential to help researchers analyze how virtual reality can possibly find solutions for patients with other phobias.
“This game was part of our final project for our immersive environments class at UW,” said lead storyteller and designer Sanjana Galgalikar. “We wanted to create something that was a challenge but also feasible as a project within the three-week span that we had to work on it.”
To create the game, the team used a game-making software called Unity. Unity is a game-making application that allows for the creation of different plug-ins and functions such as graphics, sounds, and animations. Unlike other game creators, Unity makes it easy to write codes for characters, object behavior, and environment without complicated and multi-layered processes. The application is considered more progressive as it allows for games to be published on multiple platforms, whether for consoles, desktops, or mobile.
The team went through a step-by-step process to create a user flow outline and storyline for the rock climbing game, plan out the different game levels, and then apply it to the Unity software. They then self-coded the logistics of the game through C#, a multi-purpose programming language, to bring in the different elements altogether.
The element of virtual reality technology allows for a computer-generated environment that consists of 3D images, sound experiences, and sensory stimuli for users.
“Most of the participants said it was really immersive, in the sense that they were actually feeling like they were climbing a mountain,” said project developer and video producer Jeewon Ha.
The game incorporates three levels of rock climbing, increasing in difficulty. The first level is a simple procedure of climbing from one block to another without being stuck in one place. The second level includes different elevations and mountains to climb through, making it easier for the user to fall down. The third level involves challenging swinging techniques needed to reach to the top of the climbing wall.
“The gap between level two and three was so big that barely anyone passed through level three,” said Ha.
The general control system of the game was an important element needed to create a realistic setting. The interaction between the controllers and content on the screen needed to be well-coordinated.
“I created the general controls in the game,” said game designer Muhammad Hussain. “The trigger on the handle allows you to pick up an object, or hold yourself onto the rocks of the wall.”
The game even includes a teleportation feature, which allows the user to fly to different rock climbing walls in the area, simply by moving the arms in a swinging-like momentum. Once a user is no longer able to grab onto the rocks, they feel the sensation of falling down, which ends the game.
Testing out features with users has allowed the team to analyze reactions to the intense environment they created. Several participants felt frightened when they looked down from a high elevation or reacted audibly when falling down.
“In our user testing, we tried to reduce as many negative user experiences as possible,” Galgalikar said. “We added a layer of vignette (darkening the corners of a visual element) to ease the side effects of falling down.”
The team experimented with a virtual element called six degrees of freedom, which refers to stimulated capability given to the body to move in different directions. This makes the experience more realistic for users.
Virtual reality has been used in phobia-related research before. Dr. Hunter Hoffman, Director of the Virtual Reality Research Center at the Human Photonics Lab at the University of Washington has done extensive research on how virtual reality can treat pain and phobia.
“Most people avoid the thing they're afraid of,” Hoffman said. “The nice thing about virtual reality is that people are more willing to go closer to their fears.”
In his research, Hoffman used virtual reality to study people with arachnophobia, fear of spiders. His work allowed him to see how the virtual world could help people confront their fears.
“The ability to customize the experience for each individual patient is what makes the process a lot more effective,” Hoffman said. “In theory, virtual reality makes it a lot easier to change the program accordingly.”
Hoffman isn't the only scientist studying VR as a treatment for phobias. Virtually Better is a company that sells virtual reality-related research to psychologists for further analysis or use in studies.
“Therapists use experiences like this to help with phobia of heights, water, and other exposure therapies,” Hussain said. “When you think of immersive experiences, you think of virtual reality. It kind of speaks for itself.”
The team of students has already presented their work at the AT&T VR Hackathon in Bellevue, Wash. and now hope to take their game to even more competitions and hackathons.
By By James Walker Jun 12, 2017 in Technology Sharp has claimed that Chinese electronics manufacturer Hisense is ruining its brand and reputation by selling poorly built televisions that wear its name. Hisense has a license to use Sharp's brand but is allegedly putting it on poor quality products. In an unusual turn of events, the company has filed a lawsuit against Hisense which alleges it is tarnishing the brand by selling "shoddily manufactured" TVs. As the In its filing, Sharp told the court that it believes its brand could be "destroyed" by the apparent poor quality of Hisense televisions. However, there is not currently any evidence to confirm the company's claims. For its part, Hisense is predictably denying any wrongdoing, stating it "categorically" contests Sharp's claims. The "Hisense will continue to manufacture and sell quality televisions under the Sharp licensed brands," it told the Although unconfirmed, it seems likely Sharp is pursuing Hisense in a bid to reclaim control of its name. The sale of its market presence to Hisense came at a time when the company was short on money and abandoning several of its businesses. In the two years since, Sharp has made a significant recovery, enabled by the sale to Foxconn and subsequent cash injection. It is thought that Sharp is now regretting the sale of its core assets in overseas markets. With its name licensed off to Hisense, it cannot make another entry into U.S. electronics, a product category it was once successful in. As the company embarks on a substantial rebuilding program, it will need its name back if it's to start expanding again. It is already seeing some success, having reported its first quarterly There's currently no date for when Sharp and Hisense will meet each other in court. It is unclear what the penalties could be for Hisense if Sharp's claims are found to hold water. Conversely, it's possible Sharp could be investigated itself if Hisense demonstrates the allegations are without merit. With the five-year licensing deal still a long way off expiring, it's becoming increasingly clear that Sharp wants to make a name for itself again, including in the all-important U.S. market. Sharp and Hisense signed the deal in 2015. It allows Hisense to sell products with the Sharp name in the U.S. after Sharp itself withdrew from the market. After selling its brand for just $27.8 million – Sharp was later bought by Foxconn for $3.5 billion – the firm is now trying to get back into U.S. electronics. This requires it to reclaim the rights to use its own name in the country.In an unusual turn of events, the company has filed a lawsuit against Hisense which alleges it is tarnishing the brand by selling "shoddily manufactured" TVs. As the BBC reports , defects that claim to have been found on Hisense products include false advertising around picture quality, defective displays and rule-breaking over U.S. electromagnetic emissions regulations.In its filing, Sharp told the court that it believes its brand could be "destroyed" by the apparent poor quality of Hisense televisions. However, there is not currently any evidence to confirm the company's claims. For its part, Hisense is predictably denying any wrongdoing, stating it "categorically" contests Sharp's claims. The firm said it's in "full compliance" with the licensing agreement and will be representing itself in court."Hisense will continue to manufacture and sell quality televisions under the Sharp licensed brands," it told the Wall Street Journal Although unconfirmed, it seems likely Sharp is pursuing Hisense in a bid to reclaim control of its name. The sale of its market presence to Hisense came at a time when the company was short on money and abandoning several of its businesses. In the two years since, Sharp has made a significant recovery, enabled by the sale to Foxconn and subsequent cash injection.It is thought that Sharp is now regretting the sale of its core assets in overseas markets. With its name licensed off to Hisense, it cannot make another entry into U.S. electronics, a product category it was once successful in. As the company embarks on a substantial rebuilding program, it will need its name back if it's to start expanding again. It is already seeing some success, having reported its first quarterly profit since 2015 earlier this year.There's currently no date for when Sharp and Hisense will meet each other in court. It is unclear what the penalties could be for Hisense if Sharp's claims are found to hold water. Conversely, it's possible Sharp could be investigated itself if Hisense demonstrates the allegations are without merit. With the five-year licensing deal still a long way off expiring, it's becoming increasingly clear that Sharp wants to make a name for itself again, including in the all-important U.S. market. More about Sharp, hisense, Televisions, Electronics, TV Sharp hisense Televisions Electronics TV
With some luck and last-minute scrambling, Delta Air Lines managed to step in at the eleventh hour to fly the Nigerian men's soccer team to Brazil in time for its first match in the Olympics Thursday evening.
The team had been stranded in Atlanta for several days after a communications mix-up, according to Atlanta-based Delta. The team had been training in Atlanta, where Nigeria won the gold medal in soccer at the Olympics 20 years ago.
The problem, according to the founder of United Soccer Africa, was that “the team had assumed it could simply buy plane tickets to Rio at the last minute — just like Nigerians do in their home country to book travel,” the Associated Press reported. “They then encountered a crush of travelers and lack of flights at the busy Atlanta airport.”
An attempt to arrange a charter failed when the plane was deemed too small, according to Delta.
Delta said it got a call late Wednesday and initially determined it couldn't accommodate the team on regular flights without displacing other passengers.
But the airline discovered it had an NBA charter plane available to fly the group of more than 30 people, and arranged to fly the team “with no request for payment,” according to Delta.
Most of Delta's planes are not equipped in the manner required by regulations to fly to Latin America, but the available Boeing 757 was. The same plane will fly the U.S. men's basketball team home from Brazil.
The plane left Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport about 8 a.m. Thursday morning to arrive in Manaus, Brazil, just hours before Nigeria's 9 p.m. match with Japan on Thursday evening.
Delta charters Major League Baseball, National Hockey League, NCAA, NBA and NFL teams, often with specially-equipped planes and high-end service. Lucrative sports charters have been a key target market for Delta in recent years.
After two years of disagreements over network scalability issues, a user-initiated hard fork occurred, creating two versions of Bitcoin: the existing BTC we all know and love, and the new version called Bitcoin Cash (BCC).
Bitcoin Cash, which increases the blocksize to 8MB, occurred because a faction of the Bitcoin community didn't approve of the SegWit2x proposal, a way to gradually scale Bitcoin by first segregating digital signatures from blocks (this creates the capacity to handle about 40% more transactions and is also an important step towards other scaling solutions like the Lightning Network), followed by a doubling of the current blocksize limit to 2MB.
Some exchanges, like Coinbase and BitMEX have made it clear they will not support Bitcoin Cash; others, like OKCoin and Kraken have informed users they will list the new token.
Commenting on how will this affect the future of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, Aragon Co-Founder and Project Lead Luis Cuende, said: "I think it will be a huge stress test on community governance — forks are a way to vote, to reclaim independence, and I really look forward to seeing how further development will continue and how the community will react."
Asked what consequence this will have on investors, he added: "It depends, but probably making BTC holders more wealthy, since Bitcoin is better with SegWit. Plus, the people that were actively trying to stop development on Bitcoin and centralise it, will now have their own chain to do whatever they want with it. I think this will positively impact Bitcoin.
"Short term, I believe Bitcoin Cash will be around for some time, but in the long term, I don't see Bitcoin Cash going anywhere. Probably a fatal bug will crash the whole network (it already happened with Bitcoin Unlimited, Cash's predecessor) or people will just lose interest in a currency engineered to look decentralized while being totally centralised," said Cuende.
Dash Core CEO Ryan Taylor, pointed out that Bitcoin is not forking, but rather the distribution of an altcoin to Bitcoin holders. "There are many misconceptions about Bitcoin Cash and what it represents. To be clear, Bitcoin is not forking. Rather, some developers have created a new digital currency and formulated an effective means of distributing it, by giving it to everyone with an existing Bitcoin balance.
"Nonetheless, the multi-year dispute over how best to increase Bitcoin's transaction capacity is what led to this moment. Bitcoin lacks an effective governance model to resolve contentious issues, and this is clearly deterring technological progress. When an issue as simple as whether to increase the block size can lead to years of stagnation, something needs to change. In my opinion, governance is an issue that the Bitcoin community needs to take more seriously."
While the markets will ultimately decide, Taylor doubted Bitcoin Cash will be successful in the long-term. "It may have increased capacity, but several issues remain. First, Bitcoin Cash has not solved scaling. It has merely kicked the can down the road with slightly larger blocks, but still lacks a credible technology to scale to massively larger numbers of users.
"Second, Bitcoin will retain the network of integrated services that make the Bitcoin network useful to businesses and consumers. With no substantial enhancements compared with Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash is unlikely to be integrated into those same services, given the substantial expense for businesses operating them to do so.
ZenCash Co-Founder, Rob Viglione, hailed the forward progress that will ensue: "The good news is that we'll see experimentation along two distinct preference clusters. Rather than forcing one way or another, we can see how each idea unfolds in real life. This is the major advantage of cryptocurrency markets: Instead of bickering over theory and assumptions, we can just bring ideas to market and see how they perform.
"Still, there are pros and cons to everything. The downside of a split is that Bitcoin loses part of its ecosystem, and network effects are so important to this industry. That said, this isn't a zero-sum game and it's more than possible to see both chains flourish in parallel."
Node40 CEO Perry Woodin, added: "People who are going to benefit from Bitcoin Cash are the ones who see it as free money, so they can then invest in something else. It's going to be a race to see who can sell it the fastest."
Coinsource CEO Sheffield Clark said: "When we look back 30 days from now, this is essentially going to be a non-event. We have absolutely no plans to integrate Bitcoin Cash at our machines at this time.
View Caption Hide Caption Miami practices under stormy skies during a spring 2015 workout. (Matt Porter)
While it is excited about the ongoing upgrades to Sun Life Stadium, Miami stands mostly alone in lacking one key piece of a modern-day, major-college football program.
As of today, the Hurricanes one of four teams in the Power 5 football conferences – the ACC, Big Ten, Big 12, SEC and Pac-12 – without an indoor practice facility of some size, or a plan to build one.
Boston College – which has for several years used an inflatable practice bubble to shield its teams from the elements — last week announced plans to build a permanent structure.
That leaves Miami alone in the ACC, which is especially concerning given the surrounding metro area is among the wettest in the U.S. In 2014, the Hurricanes suffered 15 rain-delayed, postponed or canceled practices (a total for last year was not available).
Last month, UM Athletics Director Blake James told the Post that an indoor facility “remains a top priority for us,” but that UM was still hoping to secure a big-money donation to set things in motion. Indoor football facilities can cost between $10 and 40 million; the Miami Herald reported UM's proposed project will cost $17 million.
“I'm confident we'll get a gift,” James said. “Everyone recognizes how important it is for the long-term success of our program.” UM continues to work with architects on the design, which will likely be constructed on UM's current campus “given our limited land resources,” James said, “but until we finalize that, that's still to be determined.”
What plagues the Hurricanes, aside from lack of funding: its campus land space is almost entirely spoken for, and the City of Coral Gables is a highly developed area with strict building codes.
College indoor practice facilities vary in size. Alabama touts its building, which houses a 130-yard field, as the nation's largest. Miami coach Mark Richt's former program, Georgia, has a 50-yard field. However, the Bulldogs are building a much larger barn.
Every SEC school has or is building an indoor facility; the last school without one, South Carolina, opened one last year. The same goes for the Big Ten, after Northwestern broke ground on one. Every school in the Big 12 has long had one. Three schools in the Pac-12 — California, Stanford and UCLA — don't practice indoors, but they exist in mild, mostly-rain-free climates.
UM, a private university with the ninth-smallest enrollment among Power 5 schools, has slowly been catching up.
It spent more than $25 million in the last three years on a new athletics complex, a makeover of its football and soccer fields that included installation of lights, a new dining facility for athletes and a video board for its basketball arena.
The Hurricanes are also the beneficiaries of an estimated $400 million renovation to Sun Life Stadium, paid for by the Miami Dolphins. The stadium UM will play in this fall will have a canopy roof, four new video boards, new seating and other upgrades.
RELATED: Animated tour of revamped Sun Life Stadium
Last September, UM began a 12-year partnership with Adidas that could be worth $90 million in total. That will outfit the Hurricanes with new gear on a regular basis.
Two police officers who were recorded on a dashboard camera video mocking a woman with Down syndrome had their disciplinary hearing adjourned until Oct. 18.
Const. Sasa Sljivo and Const. Matthew Saris did not appear in court on Tuesday. The woman's family and supporters showed up at the police tribunal and expressed their frustration over the delays.
“We were told a plea was forthcoming. That did not happen,” Pamela Munoz, Francie's mother, told reporters at Toronto police headquarters.
“They keep pushing. They keep telling us, ‘You don't need to come to the next one. Your supporters don't need to be here.' They want to discourage people from coming. They want people to forget about it and sweep it under the rug.”
Sljivo is charged with misconduct related to the use of profane, abusive or insulting language. Saris are charged with misconduct related to the failure to report Sljivo's comments, which contravened the Ontario Human Rights Code, according to police documents.
READ MORE: Toronto police officers allegedly mock girl with Down syndrome during traffic stop
Munoz previously told Global she was driving along The Queensway in Etobicoke with her two daughters in November when Toronto police pulled her over, claiming she drove through a red light.
But while the two officers from 22 Division were writing her a ticket, they could be heard mocking her daughter Francie on a video obtained by the family.
The hearing comes after both officers issued a written apology to the Munoz family earlier this summer.
“What they said about me, laughed at me, hurt many people,” Francie told reporters on Tuesday.
The family has stated they would like the officers to make a public apology on camera, but Toronto Police Association President Mike McCormack said one “would not be forthcoming.”
Pamela said that regardless of the outcome of the police tribunal, the family will proceed with filing a complaint with the Human Rights Tribunal of Ontario.
Faisal Bhabha, Munoz's lawyer, said the family wants the Toronto Police Service to address the underlying problems of discrimination among members of the force.
“Faith in the police has been eroded as a result of the comments of the officers in this incident and we need to see more from the chief and from the force on a systemic level to improve the culture, to improve training and sensitivity from the officers,” Bhabha said.
Donald Trump at a rally in Florida. REUTERS/Mike Segar
The unprecedented nature of Donald Trump's campaign has political scientists abandoning their commitment to remain nonpartisan.
Political scientists normally remain objective, but a group of hundreds of political professors from some of the top universities in the country have signed a letter warning that the Republican presidential candidate has shown reckless disregard for Democracy in America.
They acknowledge that it is their duty to remain impartial for the benefit of Democracy, but they felt compelled to voice their opinions about this election because they are "deeply concerned about the prospect of a Trump presidency."
"Throughout the course of the U.S. presidential campaign, Trump has repeatedly questioned and attacked the core institutions and norms that make democracy work. Such attacks by a major presidential candidate are unprecedented in American history but they are entirely familiar to those of us who study other parts of the world," the letter said.
The letter goes on to outline several of Trump's controversial statements on the campaign trail as evidence that he has endangered the political fabric which our country operates on.
Here are the 9 ways political scientists are saying Donald Trump is jeopardizing American democracy:
RECENT RUN
The Canucks are once again in position to accomplish something they have been unable to do all season: win three straight games. The Canucks won their second in a row Thursday, beating the Ottawa Senators 5-3 at Rogers Arena. Heading into Friday's home game against the Buffalo Sabres, the Sharks had earned points in seven of their previous eight games and held down third place in the Pacific Division.
SCHEDULING QUIRK
These teams have not met all season but are about to get quite familiar with one another. The Canucks play three of their next four games — and five of their final 22 — against the Sharks. The Canucks won three of five meetings with the Sharks last season. All three of those wins came in California, while the Sharks won both games in Vancouver. Radim Vrbata, pictured, had five goals and an assist against San Jose last season.
WHO'S HOT, NOT?
The two Joes — Thornton and Pavelski — lead the Sharks with 56 points apiece. Thornton's, pictured, 42 assists are fourth best in the NHL ... LW Daniel Sedin has seven assists in his last five games ... RW Jannik Hansen has four goals and two assists in his last seven games ... RW Derek Dorsett has gone 23 games without a goal ... C Bo Horvat has one point in his last five games.
NOTABLE
The Canucks will honour former defencemen Sami Salo, pictured, and Ed Jovanovski before Sunday's 4 p.m. faceoff … At 21-9-3, the Sharks have the best road record in the NHL's Western Conference … The Canucks' practice today at Rogers Arena is open to the public. It begins at 11 a.m. … Injured winger Radim Vrbata skated on his own Friday with skills coach Glenn Carnegie, but is unlikely to play Sunday.
QUOTABLE
Newly acquired forward Markus Granlund, pictured, made a good impression with coach Willie Desjardins in his first game as a Canuck. Granlund was plus-3 and picked up an assist in 12:40 of ice time in Thursday's win over Ottawa. He skated on a line with Linden Vey and Emerson Etem. “You always saw him on the right side of the puck, making good reads,” Desjardins said. “He's pretty competitive.”
by Simone Bauer
You are known as quite reclusive. Thank you for agreeing to this interview.
You are welcome, dear. Why don't you join me here on the window seat? Tea will be ready in just a minute. I admit, I do not receive visitors very often and prefer my own company, but I still enjoy a good chat now and then. You may not realize it, but I used to turn quite a few heads when I was younger, and was considered a brilliant conversationalist.
What's your opinion on the name Arsène and its meaning: ‘male, strong, virile'?
I am flattered if parents name their children after me, I am sure they will turn out to be strapping young lads — or ladies. It would make a lovely name for someone as pretty as I once was, don't you agree? I would also suggest Zarna or Zarnika, to honor my Middle Eastern origins. Much more distinguished than being called Ratsbane.
Which role do you credit for your later triumph in Europe?
Ah, I was so young back then, and would have gone nowhere without Oxygen. Our duet in Acqua di Tofana was celebrated across Italy. It quickly became very popular, especially among unhappily married women. Sadly, the authorities were never as infatuated with me, and eventually I had to leave the country. The Marquise de Brinvilliers offered me her patronage and I followed her to France. I remained for many years in Paris under the stage name Poudre de Succession and influenced politics and high society, until the bitter end. Did you know that I was the cause for the establishment of forensic science? Infamy and personal ruin aside, I still aided my beloved city and home to rid the sewers of rats, poor things. I regret my association with some of the more unsavory elements, but mostly I would make the same choices.
Most people think of you as “White Arsenic.” Is there more to you than that?
I simply love the Arts. I revere the ability to capture the fleeting beauty of life and death. My beauty lives on in cherished pigments: orpiment, Scheele's and Paris Green. Well, at least for a while; all fades eventually. For centuries, Copper, Chrome, Cadmium, and I lived together after a bohemian fashion, inspiring one another, encouraging artists. Incomparable to this ‘Heavy Metal' thing you young people like nowadays.
Still, we were far superior to those new-fangled organic dyes. Carbon thinks it can do everything, but has no style, no passion. Before you think I'm hopelessly out of touch with reality, I am actively interested in semiconductors and electronics, and I think I taught Silicone a thing or two.
No mention of your influence on literature?
How could I forget? I was mused to many excellent authors, Flaubert or Schiller. I would not fail their tragic lovers. Of course, as you can glean from my library, I like good mystery fiction as well. These belletristic works do much more for my reputation than true crime reports, and are much less common in nature.
Any favorites?
Isn't that easy to guess? I collect any that feature me. You simply cannot avoid me if you attempt to write a good whodunit; I am the blunt instrument of poisons. I had a very active correspondence with Ms. Christie and Ms. Sayers. Even Sir Terence Pratchett honored me with a novel!
Which time you would consider the height of your career?
I miss the 19th century — a time I when was acknowledged beyond my toxicity. The arts and sciences were much more closely connected then. It was a time when I inspired humble chemistry textbook writers to cite poetry in my honor. I was medicine, beauty treatment, dye, and pesticide alike, and treasured by nearly all. Vibrant colors were still something to die for. Victorians risked death rather than live without me. People have become too cautious, less attuned to the elements of life. Lead paint, I hear you say? Hah, nowadays any metal is considered poisonous, and it does not even take talent, especially in California.
Thanks to James Marsh, would-be poisoners had to become shrewder and more creative. He was such a delightful chemist and gentleman, and adorably annoyed with my elusiveness! He sweet-talked me to to reveal my true metallic form when asked, and ushered in a new dawn of forensics.
Physicians insisted on publishing papers on arsenic poisonings, but I will not be blamed for lack of caution. Why would anyone in his or her right mind use white arsenic instead of sugar for cheap candy? In the same manner I am made responsible for Napoleon's death. Instead, I know that Green Wallpaper poisoned him with Mold in his room in St. Helena. As if I would not take credit if I could — I always had a weakness for elegant assassinations.
What's your opinion on any publicity being good publicity?
Oh, dear, what a sad question. I keep a collection of news clippings and reviews pertaining to me. Did you see last year's profile on me in Nature Chemistry? That was very nicely done, and politely written. But lately news revolve around me poisoning the groundwater in Southeast Asia, especially Bangladesh. Did you know that this was the result of a decade of international effort in well drilling and providing water free of microbial threats? That's pure irony, if you indulge me in shifting the blame to another element. I detest poisoning millions of people without consent. There is nothing artful about this, not a subtle murder that I would graciously endorse. I had hoped humanity would appreciate me for what I am, my true nature, but it seems we are incompatible.
What would you like us to appreciate?
I always gave my best. I wanted to be truly accepted for my nature. Do more than help greedy people achieve their goals. I initially met the nice gentlemen Mr. Paul Ehrlich and Mr. Sahachiro Hata in 1910. They were the first to recognize my full talent. I was cast as Arsphénamine in Salvarasan or The Cure to Syphilis. To my surprise, many of the poor patients did not even die! I was the first ‘magic bullet' and later chemotherapeutic. Penicillin took over after I retired from the stage, and I am told it delivered a good performance, if you understand these modern plays.
Thank you for your time, I enjoyed our conversation.
Are you sure you don't want to try some of my elderberry wine before you leave?
Previously: Alumin(i)um.
Simone Bauer has a doctorate in chemistry, was born and raised in (West) Berlin, lived for the last eight years in NYC, and recently moved to Cambridge, MA.
Image by concept w, via Shutterstock
Bravo Team isn't the only PlayStation VR (PSVR) game that Supermassive Games had to reveal at E3 today, it also had a new horror game to debut in The Inpatient.
For Supermassive, this looks like a return to the horror tones that Supermassive made its name from with Until Dawn. “It places you in the role of a patient with amnesia and is set in the Blackwood Sanatorium, over 60 years prior to the award-winning Until Dawn,” a PlayStation blog post explains.
From the post:
Anyone familiar with Until Dawn will recognize the imposing sanatorium but this time you'll see everything as it was during its 1950s heyday. For newcomers to the story, don't worry – you don't need to have played Until Dawn to be able to enjoy The Inpatient; it's an entirely standalone title with a brand-new story and cast of characters to meet.
Here's the trailer:
We'll have more details when they arrive.
Tagged with: e3, The Inpatient
This 1956 Chevrolet Corvette (chassis E565001905) is a rough but running and largely complete restoration project currently fitted with a '57 283ci and 4-speed manual in place of its original, 265 cubic inches V8 and 2-speed Powerglide automatic—both included separately and disassembled as seen in this floor shot. Provided rust is minimal, this one might not be too difficult to set right. Find it all here as a package on eBay in Columbus, Georgia for $32,900 OBO.
​Fiberglass shows damage and unfinished repairs in several spots, most notably the front, left side fender and diagonally opposite rear section—a spare quarter is included for repair of the latter. Cove trim, a couple of grille teeth and unspecified rear bumper parts are missing, but sale does include both soft and hardtops. Note new wheels, tires and complete, OEM style hubcaps.
​The interior shows imperfect but surprisingly decent fittings including a complete dash and worn but not entirely thrashed seats. Door cards and caps appear to be included, though glass is presumed to be long gone. A factory power top-equipped car, the system is missing its hydraulic pump but sounds to be complete otherwise, and the factory hardtop is an excellent option—like the rest of the car it will require full restoration.
​Disassembled but seemingly mostly intact, the car's original 265 looks to be in decent, rebuildable condition, though obviously a much closer inspection will be required before a clean bill of health can be given. We like the idea of the upgraded 283 and 4-speed manual, the latter in particular a big improvement over the 2-speed automatic originally fitted by GM. A new gas tank and refurbished four wheel drums are matched by a fresh aluminum radiator, water pump, rebuilt carbs and new fuel, brake and water lines/hoses. Said to run with no smoke, the seller adds that it can be driven onto a trailer under its own power.
​Fully restored, we'd leave the currently fitted drivetrain installed and keep the original mothballed for posterity. Arctic blue single tone with a tan top would look great.
I'm not usually a massive fan of Jude Law, at least I wasn't before today when I finally got down to my local cinema to finally watch Sherlock Holmes (Jon's review here) and I really enjoyed it, especially the scenes with Law in. One of the movies I'm most looking forward to seeing this year is the rather harsh looking Repo Men which, as well as Law stars Forest Whitaker, Liev Schreiber, RZA, Alice Braga and Carice van Houten.
If you've not seen the red band trailer or theatrical trailer for the movie you can check them out here. The movie is set in the future where organs are distributed and if not paid of, the repo men come along to reclaim their merchandise in rather harsh fashion. All then changes when Remy (Jude Law) needs a transplant and the repo men come looking for him!
Repo Men is directed by Miguel Sapochnik and you can check out the new posters below which give you the real price of a heart a new eye or liver! Click them to enlarge.
It is unlikely Samsung will be able to regain application processors orders for Apple's iPhone, as TSMC's in-house developed InFO wafer-level packaging will make the Taiwan-based foundry's 7nm FinFET technology more competitive than Samsung's, said the observers.
Samsung has grabbed Apple's A9 chip orders for the new 9.7-inch iPads introduced earlier in 2017, the observers claimed. TSMC, which is already the sole supplier of Apple's 10nm A11 chips for the upcoming iPhones, will still likely obtain all of the next-generation A-series chip orders for Apple's 2018 series of iPhones with its 7nm FinFET process, the observers said.
TSMC's innovation in backend packaging plays a key role in securing exclusive orders for Apple's processors for the upcoming iPhones, the observers noted.
Earlier this week, a report by The Korea Herald suggested that Samsung Electronics could be returning as a supplier for the so-called A12 chip in 2018's line of iPhones, after being removed from the A-series chip supply chain in 2016 and 2017, years in which Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company took on all of the orders. Now, industry observers reported upon by DigiTimes are predicting that TSMC is "still likely" to retain its title as the sole manufacturer of A-series chips in 2018.In today's report, TSMC's integrated fan-out wafer-level packaging technology -- which the supplier uses in its 7-nanometer FinFET chip fabrication -- is looked at as largely superior to any progress made by Samsung in the same field. Samsung is said to be "aggressively vying" for A-series orders from Apple ahead of 2018, but DigiTimes' sources state that even the company's close ties to OLED might not be enough for Apple to add Samsung as a secondary A-series supplier for the reported three iPhones launching in fall 2018 In Tuesday's report, it was rumored that Samsung Electronics co-CEO Kwon Oh-hyun already made a deal with Apple concerning 2018 iPhone chip production during a visit to Cupertino last month. Otherwise, The Korea Herald's report was light on details, with no clear indication on exactly how many orders Samsung might have gained from such a deal besides believing the company would "share some parts" of A-series chip production with TSMC.If Apple kept TSMC as the sole A-series manufacturer in 2018, it would mark the third year in a row that the supplier created iPhone chips alone, following the A10 in the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, and the A11 in the upcoming "iPhone 8," "iPhone 7s," and "iPhone 7s Plus." Otherwise, a return to dual-sourced A-series chips in 2018 would be the first time Apple made that move since 2015, when both Samsung and TSMC supplied the A9 chip in the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, which frustrated some users when TSMC's technology was discovered to boast marginally better battery life
Updated Downloads section, including download-queue management and quick links to throttling and app update settings
Added "High Priority" app update setting - Steam will prioritize automatic updates for that app
Added support for displaying default button text for default HTML controls in the Web control
Update notification indicator when opting into/out of notifications for an app
Updated SDL with the 2.0.1 release, improving game controller support
Moved server browser max pings /minute setting from "Downloads" to "In-Game" tab of Settings dialog
Improve in-game performance when enumerating community items for some users who have used a very large number (thousands) of workshop items in Portal 2 or hero builds in Dota 2
Fixed issue retrieving stale data for a Steam Workshop file, immediately after publishing a Steam Workshop file
Fixed failing to run a game if it had a very long optional command and triggered the warning dialog
Fixed crash on exit for the overlay
Fixed running some install script steps on 2nd game install
Fixed issue with ever-increasing playtime for games that aren't running
Fixed a crash on certain malformed friends messages (thanks Arnaud Dovi and HP's Zero Day Initiative)
Added Big Picture Offline Mode indicator / Go Online button in top row, visible when in offline mode
Added a RESET option when configuring a game controller
Added option to join Steam Client Beta's from the Settings page
Added button to check for Steam Client updates from the Settings page
Improved transition when launching a game
Fixed screensaver not enabling sometimes when a game controller was being used
Fixed errors when refreshing your Steam login
Fixed Javascript alerts and dialogs showing incorrectly when using the web browser
Fixed being unable to click Accept on the SSA dialog if running Steam for the first time
Fixed UI loop when using the History button of the Account settings page
Fixed custom categories not showing when selected in the Games view
Fixed launching game while another game launch was already in progress
Fixed a bug where maximizing would lead to an incorrectly sized window if the Steam window was on a secondary monitor that has the primary taskbar positioned on it
Workaround to post fewer win32 message in the in-game overlay for games that don't reliably drain the queue
Better track games that use an intermediate launcher
Fixed text incorrectly getting ellipses in some Big Picture controls
Fixed crash at startup with certain window managers
Fixed Microphone selection not updating when changed in the settings dialog
A new Steam Client update has been released and will be automatically downloaded. The specific changes are listed below.
It took two-and-a-half years of determined digging for Rebellion's sibling founders, Chris and Jason Kingsley, to acquire Judge Dredd license holders 2000 AD. Before them, a Danish company had ended up with it in a series of acquisitions, as part of an effort to get hold of some Disney licenses. That company didn't know what to do with the quintessentially British publishing house that should, really, be considered a national treasure.
Read about how Rebellion's game jam was born from a man punching a fish.
“I think it should be more well loved in some kind of way,” Jason Kingsley tells me. “Pretty much everybody has heard of it who are into genre, but it's not considered a big part of culture in some ways. But if you look at anybody who worked in creative industries, it is hugely influential. We managed to persuade [the Danish company], take it on board, reinvest in it, and do good things. And now I believe we are the people who have owned 2000 AD the longest.”
Rebellion are also game developers – known for titles such as Sniper Elite 4 and Battlezone VR – but despite fortuitously holding the license for 2000 AD since the year 2000, they have only released a handful of games based on the many, many stories the sci-fi comic series has put out over the decades. That is due to a lack of time, a lack on manpower, and the fact that the studio is already juggling multiple projects. This is why they made the decision earlier this year to license out 2000 AD to other game developers, so we can finally see the imaginative worlds of 2000 AD in games, even if Rebellion never find the time.
“Because they're short bursts of episodic content – though they occasionally have arcs that span a few episodes – there are hundreds of encapsulated stories where they're designed for the reader to jump in and get what's going on, whether or not you have any kind of history with the characters,” Steve Bristow, lead designer on Rebellion's Strange Brigade, says. “There's almost nothing in 2000 AD's back catalogue that couldn't work in a game.”
So, out of all these worlds and experiences, what games would the staff at Rebellion like to see?
The Helltrekkers RPG
In the Judge Dredd mythos, the Cursed Earth is an irradiated wasteland outside of the urban sprawl of Mega-City One, and its inhabitants are disgraced Judges, mutants, robots, and gangs of outlaws. In The Helltrekkers comics, one group decided it was better to risk their fates in this scorched desert than to endure the torture of modern life in the overpopulated Mega-City.
“I want a sort of journey to the Cursed Earth for Helltrekkers,” Jason Kingsley says. “I always liked the offshore colonies in Judge Dredd's world. I like the Undercity. Personally, I'm very interested in the peripheral areas of the Mega-City. I'm not a particularly city person; I live in the countryside. What's equivalent to the countryside to Mega-City One? It could be open-world, RPG, exploration, city building. I love my post-apocalyptic stuff, so I love the Fallout series of games, so you can imagine that could be Cursed Earth: a Fallout-style open world. You're a survivor and you wake up in Cursed Earth and you've got to get home. That could be interesting.”
The Undercity RTS
Mega-City One was built on top of old cities and the polluted Ohio River. These places, abandoned, desolate, and without sunlight, became a lawless location known only as the Undercity. Some of the citizens who could not cope with the futuristic city above retreated into its dank bowels, many of them mutating because of the toxic conditions. In the comics, a group of these mutants, the Troggies, hatched a plan to blow up Mega-City One.
“Maybe you could have a whole bunch of Troggies in the Undercity, and it's a real-time strategy game,” Kingsley suggests. “Or maybe you have a Civilization equivalent, but it's in the Undercity where you have judges coming in and busting you up. You've got werewolves there as well.”
Strontium Dog adventure game
Strontium Dog is a bounty hunter who travels the galaxy searching for criminals. It is the perfect premise for a videogame. Kingsley agrees: “I love Strontium Dog as character and a conceit, I love the idea of a first-person/third-person action game, travelling around, arresting criminals, tracking them down, solving problems – that could be rather fun.”
“Strontium Dog is one of my favourites,” Steve Bristow adds. “There are loads of game mechanics in those stories – really good action mechanics that work well for comics and would for games. Strontium Dog's time grenade is a classic. He's got a gun that's similar in some respects to Dredd's Lawgiver, where you can select different types of shot – armour piercing, incendiary, and whatnot.”
As well as having these cool weapons and gadgets – I mean, who wouldn't want to throw a grenade that sends someone and the scenery around them into space? – Strontium Dog has co-op mechanics baked in. “You've got this buddy thing as well: his mate, Wulf Sternhammer – a sort of melee specialist,” Bristow continues. “You've got this enormously fertile canvas, a universe full of scum and villainy that you can go exploring. Strontium Dog as an open-world game would be really interesting because he's this classic hero character who has a quest.”
Sláine RPG
Sláine is like Conan's unhinged Irish cousin, his stories based in the realm of Celtic myth. This is a guy who wields a massive axe called Brainbiter and can shapeshift into an ungodly monstrosity with terrifying, brutish strength. He would feel right at home in a frantic PlatinumGames release.
Kingsley, himself an appreciator of melee combat, prefers to think of it as a sprawling RPG. “I love Slaine,” he says. “I love the idea of the Land of the Young, and very early mythological history, so that would probably be sort of a roleplaying game, like Skyrim maybe.”
Ace Trucking adventure game
Ace Trucking is a series about a band of misfit aliens who run a space trucking company, headed up by a cone-headed extraterrestrial called Ace Garp.
“A secret favourite of mine is Ace Trucking – some ‘70s-based, CB radio twist of the future,” Kingsley says. “That could be quite fun. You could have an intergalactic trucking company.”
Perhaps it could work as a Telltale-esque narrative game, or maybe it could be Elite with a sense of humour. Hell, you could even peg it as four-player co-op, with each of you taking on a vital ship role as you trawl across the galaxy, occasionally stopping for some mischief.
“It's a couple of weirdos hauling stuff across the universe and getting into trouble,” Bristow adds.
Judge Demarco detective game
Judge Demarco is a billionaire through inheritance, but she chose to forgo that wealth to pursue a life as a Judge. After quickly rising through the ranks, she found herself falling in love with Dredd, which is forbidden. She was disgraced and ejected from the force, but Dredd pulled some strings to grant her a firearm license and the chance to work as a private investigator.
“I remember back in the day, after Dredd vs. Death we did a ‘making of' book and they asked us [what other 2000 AD games we'd like to make],” Battlezone VR lead programmer Richard May says. “One of the things that struck me was doing a Demarco P.I. kind of thing. Judge Demarco is a fallen-from-grace Judge. She has a kind of Mega-City noir thing going on. She has this sentient gorilla partner and they try to solve crimes that the Justice Department won't go near. It always struck me as a nice thing to do.”
Nemesis the Warlock Soulslike
It's the distant future and humanity is ruled by a fascist human supremacist who wants to wipe out all aliens. Nemesis is a demonic, fire-breathing alien who wants to rid the world of its xenophobes with his massive sword and scorchy breath. It is a dark story where good and evil don't exist, with more shades of grey than that book about the bondage man. It is a world that is rife with religious fanaticism.
“I'd really love to see a big, nasty Nemesis game,” 2000 AD publishing assistant Owen Johnson says. “A really dark Nemesis game in the style of Dark Souls. That would look really amazing. Nemesis has such a giant, expansive canvas on which to do stuff like that. It would touch on a lot of the religious themes, the persecution, and racism that's in Nemesis.
“It's this huge backdrop of alien creatures and that kind of thing. It's got Torquemada who's this giant villain of galactic proportions. That would be absolutely amazing. Although superheroes have been done, Nemesis has a really good story and it is fixed, it doesn't go on and on – it's something you could take from really easily.”
Lawless adventure game
“I've been really enjoying Lawless, a Dan Abnett series – it's the Dredd world divorced from Mega-City One,” Richard May says. “It's a colonial frontier type thing. A bit like if you took Dredd and mixed it with Firefly. It's about Colonial Judges, and there's one particular one, Metta Lawson, who turns up in this backwater town to replace the Judge they had previously – a sheriff essentially.”
As a game, Lawless could be a sci-fi take on the Red Dead model – riding through the Frontier taking on quests and tagging criminals as you go.
“It's about her adventures in this Western parallel, but with all the crazy future stuff that you get in 2000 AD: sentient aliens, robots, labour conflicts between the robots and the indentured servants, and there's a whole apocalyptic thing going on in the background as well,” May continues. “That kind of Firefly setting is dear to people's hearts anyway, but mixing that with the Dredd universe gives you something that's away from the years of baggage in Mega-City One. You don't have to know all the history but it's still compelling.”
Chopper Cannonball Run
When you think of a Judge Dredd game, you think of playing it through the eyes of the law. One outlaw in the Dredd-verse has a story that would make for a straightforward way to experience that world, however.
“There's a secondary character in Dredd called Chopper – essentially an outlaw and graffiti artist who rides around Mega-City One on this hovering surfboard,” Bristow says. “He's like this Californian dude or Australian beach bum. There's this legendary race that happens that he wants to compete in, but it's completely illegal – a cannonball run kind of thing. That's another one – a relatively simple piece of game design already done for us there.”
D.R. and Quinch platformer
“I quite like D.R. and Quinch as a series,” Kingsley says, “those characters are really interesting. Alan Moore's early work. A kind of comedy series, delinquent juveniles, aliens, very powerful, going around causing havoc and chaos.”
Publishing assistant Owen Johnson has a specific game for this duo in mind. “My favourite characters are D.R. & Quinch, alien delinquents that go around with nuclear capabilities and start trouble in a very mischievous kind of way,” he says.
“I'm stuck in the past and love the N64, so I'd love to see an R-rated Rare-style game with D.R. & Quinch that's like a Conker's Bad Fur Day or Jet Force Gemini's giant guns – if you botched all that together, like a Banjo Kazooie, or Conker's Bad Fur day, but with D.R. & Quinch, I'd be all over that.”
Judge Dredd Block Wars
“One request we always get is a big, Arkham Asylum-style game for Judge Dredd, set in Mega-City One or the Cursed Earth,” Johnson says. It is no surprise. Dredd is by far 2000 AD's most popular character – a British icon with a square jaw and unbending morals. The character has decades of stories that videogames could explore, even away from the interdimensional foes he faces in Rebellion's first-person shooter, Dredd vs Death.
“I know it's obvious, but there's so much in Judge Dredd that needs to be a game,” Bristow adds. “I would love to do that character, who means a lot to me on a personal level, justice. There's obvious big storylines like the Apocalypse War and the Block Wars. It starts with Block Mania, where a Russian spy infects the water supply in Mega-City One with something that causes everyone to get [aggressive] with each other. It ferments a civil war inside the city, essentially.
“That causes chaos, and in that chaos they take advantage and launch an attack on Mega-City One, to which Dredd responds characteristically with an immediate launch of nuclear weapons. It's one of my favourite panels in a 2000 AD comic, actually – where the Chief Judges and the Senior Judges are dithering about whether or not to launch this pre-emptive strike against Russia. Dredd strides up to the control panel, says, ‘The decision is mine', and presses the button.”
Rogue Trooper 2
Rebellion have already done Rogue Trooper, a third-person shooter that was recently remastered. That doesn't mean they wouldn't do another, however. In fact, Kingsley admits that to remaster was a test to gauge whether there's an appetite for blue army men with sentient equipment.
“I'd love to make another Rogue Trooper game,” May says. “In terms of gameplay it would be very similar to the original. If you look at things like Sniper Elite 4 – it has a lot of similarities to the original Rogue Trooper. There's clambering over the environment for well-placed shots, traps, and more environmental interactions. You'd place Gunnar, things like decoys. You have the same in Sniper Elite, where you can decoy an enemy, but that's done with rocks and whistling, whereas in the original Rogue Trooper we had holograms that you could set up to annoy people with.
“You can see common DNA between the games, and I could see how you would take those mechanics, twist them a little with more futuristic technology, paint the guys blue, next,” he laughs.
At the time of release, the original Rogue Trooper was doing a lot of things other games were not. I still remember how satisfying it was when you shot an enemy's oxygen tank and they exploded, usually taking down some of their friends as they go.
“It was so satisfying: ping the tank, watch them running around, their buddies would try to get away from them because they knew they were going to explode, and you might catch two or three with one shot,” May agrees. “Those kinds of encounter moments, where you can make a plan and execute it, are what I really love about the original Rogue Trooper.”
New kits shown on the Novemberfest 2015
Today we publish photos from Novemberfest 2015 which has just finished. First we decided to share with you some information about the kits, which traditionally were shown on the event. Separate article will be dedicated to event itself and include photos as well as videos. We decided to change the format of the materials, so you can find in this article videos first (I recommend checking them), and only then some photos.
Сегодня мы публикуем фото с Новемберфеста 2015, который только недавно закончился. Для начала было решено поделиться информацией о наборах, которые традиционно были показаны на мероприятии. Отдельная статья будет посвящена самой экскурсии и будет включать фото и видео. Мы решили немного поменять формат подобных материалов, так что первыми в сегодняшней статье идут видео (настоятельно рекомендую посмотреть их), и только затем фото.
The first upcoming release is a 1/48 SA-5, WWI fighter. Complete 3D model, so you can see how airplane would look in assembled state.
Первая новинка - 48-ой SA-5, самолёт Первой Мировой. Посетители могли видеть завершённую 3D-модель, так что и вы тоже можете посмотреть на собранную модель.
Authors claim that detalization will be equal to 1/32 analogue, while assembly should be easy enough in order to make the whole process enjoyable. Quite surprising is the fact that there was no word about the next WWI kit that will be issued after this model, so we have to wait for some further info.
Авторы заявляют, что проработка будет похожа на модели 32-го масштаба, но при этом сборка будет достаточно простой, чтобы сделать сам процесс приятным. Немного удивил тот факт, что не было сказано ни слова о следующей модели Первой Мировой, которую стоило бы ожидать после данного набора, так что нам придётся ещё немного подождать до следующего анонса.
On the photo above you can see how detailed will be the cockpit of this aircraft. Of course, we can expect some Brassin and PE accessories for this kit.
На фото выше вы можете видеть, насколько подробной будет кабина самолёта. Разумеется, также можно смело ожидать Brassin и травление как аксессуары для данного набора.
Another new model - Spitfire in 1/72 scale, which should be on the market very soon. Basically, it is scaled down 1/48 kit, so we can expect nice quality. I already saw some test shots and can say that detalization will be identical to its bigger brother, so no worries here.
Ещё одна новая модель - маленький Spitfire в масштабе 1/72, который будет выпущен совсем скоро. В принципе, это уменьшенный вариант 48-ой модели, так что можно ожидать отличное качество. Я уже видел некоторые тестовые отливки и могу сказать, что проработка будет идентичной большому брату, так что здесь не стоит беспокоиться.
1/48 Bf 109 is the main topic for some modelers, so Eduard designers decided to show several versions that should be out next year. On the photos above and below you can see F-version of famous German fighter.
48-ой Bf 109 - основная тема для многих моделистов, поэтому эдуардовские дизайнеры решили показать сразу несколько версий, которые ожидаются в следующем году. На фото выше и ниже вы можете видеть F-вариант знаменитого немецкого истребителя.
Plenty of changes were applied to model in order to make it a bit more realistic. As authors said, it's much easier to say what was left unchanged. :)
В модели было сделано много изменений для ещё большей реалистичности. Как авторы заявили, гораздо проще назвать, что останется нетронутым. :)
Some changes will cause a lot of discussions on webforums. Nevertheless, it is interesting to see what professionals would say about new model.
Некоторые изменения снова вызовут бурные дискуссии на форумах. Тем не менее, будет также очень интересно услышать мнение профессионалов по данному самолёту.
Here you can see one of the new features - cowling silhouette. Designers said that real aircraft they measured had the same thing, so new model will be the first to actually copy this feature.
А здесь вы можете видеть одну из новых особенностей - силуэт капота. Дизайнеры заявили, что настоящий самолёт, который они осматривали, имел такую же особенность, так что новый набор будет первым, который копирует данную особенность в пластике.
Wheel wells will also be new.
Ниши шасси также будут новыми.
Those should be assembled from three parts, two of them will be fixed with the help of special pins.
Данный элемент должен быть собран из трёх деталей, которые фиксируются при помощи специальных штифтов.
There was no picture of the cockpit, but detalization of the previous versions was ok, so here I have no worries at all.
Кабина не была показана, но проработка предыдущих моделей была неплохой, так что здесь не о чем беспокоиться.
Next is the G-14 version. You all remember how many discussions it generated last year, so it should be interesting to see how main problems will be fixed.
Далее следует вариант G-14. Вы все помните, сколько шуму вызвала предыдущая версия модели в прошлом году, так что будет интересно увидеть, как же исправили основные проблемы.
Here it is possible to see already famous bulge in the wing root area, which became the main thing for the fierce arguments on the Internet.
На данном фото можно видеть уже знаменитый бугор у основания крыла, который стал одним из основных предметов для споров на форумах.
Moreover, the shape of the air intake was also corrected.
Более того, форма воздухозаборника также была исправлена.
Canopy parts received some minor changes in order to make them a bit more realistic.
Детали фонаря получили небольшие изменения для того, чтобы сделать их ещё более правдопобными.
In total there will be three versions of the Erla canopy as you can see on the photos above.
Всего будет три варианта фонаря Erla, как вы можете видеть на фото выше.
Several options will be featured for the tail parts, as you can see on the photos above and below. In some other versions of the aircraft you will be able to get suitable rudder part just by cutting extra plastic.
Несколько вариантов будет предложено для хвоста, как это показано на фото выше и ниже. В некоторых вариантах самолёта можно будет получить нужную деталь просто отрезав излишки пластика.
Looks like a nice Bf 109, doesn't it? :)
Выглядит вполне неплохим Bf 109, не так ли? :)
Here is the overall view of the model. It is important to note that some dimensional changes were implemented, and positioning lights improved.
А здесь общий план модели. Важно отметить, что были откоректированы размеры модели, а также исправлены БАНО.
And another one.
И ещё одно фото.
Cockpit will also be a bit more detailed, so modeler can expect wires imitation and even internal ribs molded on the fuselage halves. On the photo above, it is easy to notice that details are impressive for 1/48 scale.
Кабина станет чуть более подробной, так что моделист может ожидать даже имитацию проводки и внутренней конструкции, которые будут отлиты на обратной стороне фюзеляжа. На фото выше несложно заметить, что проработка впечатляет для 48-го масштаба.
The model will also feature several types of external tank, you can see those on the photos above and below.
Модель будет включать несколько видов подвесного бака, которые вы можете видеть на фото выше и ниже.
Kit will include only two showed versions, even though even more different types of the tanks existed in reality.
В комплекте будут только два показанных варианта, но в реальности существовало ещё больше.
Another expected model kit - absolutely new Fw 190 in 1/48 scale. I think that some experienced modelers will be surprised with new design philosophy behind this kit.
Ещё одна ожидаемая модели - абсолютно новый Fw 190 в масштабе 1/48. Я думаю, что многие опытные моделисты будут удивлены новым подходом к данному набору.
Take a careful look at the photo above.
Взгляните на фото выше.
Yes, engine will be simplified and made as simple insert. Some might justify it with the fact that airplane's heart is barely visible behind the cooler fan, while others will say that detailed plastic engine is a nice bonus in 1/48 scale. Well, now we hope that Brassin accessory will be available for this new model.
Да, двигатель будет упрощён и предоставлен в виде простой вставки. Некоторые могут сказать, что мотор самолёта и так почти не виден из-за пропеллера вентилятора, тогда как другие заявят, что двигатель из коробки - приятный бонус. Тем не менее, это уже факт, и остается надеяться, что будет доступно хотя бы дополнение в виде Brassin.
Parts marked with white color were re-made in order to be more precise. Moreover, some of the model dimensions were also corrected to be more realistic.
Детали, отмеченные белым цветом, были переработаны для более реалистичного вида. Более того, некоторые из размеров модели были так же исправлены для большей реалистичности.
Here is G-10, which is still in development process, so we could see half-done airplane.
Здесь вы можете видеть G-10, который всё ещё в процессе, так что рендер только наполовину завершён.
Let's hope that this model will be a really nice kit to build.
Будем надеяться, что модель выйдет очень простой в сборке.
Now let's jump to some bigger news. Check the photos above and below.
А теперь перейдём к чуть более существенным новостям. Взгляните на фото выше и ниже.
Yes, this is 1/48 Tempest developed in cooperation with MPM company. The latter will be issuing some of the version, while Eduard will produce other types of this nice aircraft.
Да, это - Tempest в масштабе 1/48, который разрабатывается совместно с компанией MPM. Крайняя будет выпускать только несколько вариантов, тогда как Eduard займётся производством других.
Nevertheless, you shouldn't worry now, because it will be available in 2017 only. Nevertheless, detalization looks good even at the early stages of development.
Тем не менее, сейчас не стоит даже беспокоиться, так как набор будет доступен только в 2017 году. Тем не менее, проработка выглядит отличной даже на ранних этапах разработки.
I guess, both Czech companies will try to produce something outstanding in order to compete with other manufacturers.
Я думаю, что чешские компании постараются выпустить что-то впечатляющее, что будет наравне с основными конкурентами.
Detalization of the laniding gear looks quite impressive even now.
Проработка шасси впечатляет даже сейчас.
Last renders were dedicated to small Avia.
Крайние рендеры были посвящены маленькой модели Avia.
As you can see, Eduard will release more versions of this Czech airplane.
Как вы можете видеть, Eduard выпустит ещё несколько вариантов данного чешского самолёта.
Moreover, they re-made some elements so that assembly is easier.
Более того, будут переработаны некоторые детали для упрощения работы с ними.
All joints and connections now should be simpler in assembly.
Все крепления и соединения также будут проработаны заново.
Yes, they will even release Avia with arrestor hook.
Да, также будет доступен вариант самолёта с крюком.
This was the version that underwent trials on the Graf Zeppelin carrier.
Это та самая версия, которая проходила испытания на авианосце Graf Zeppelin.
Of course, all golden parts are PE parts.
Разумеется, все золотые детали - травление.
The last photo displays new idea of the kit packaging - Dual Combo, but those will be rival airplanes from different countries. First would be the one that is displayed on the photo - Spitfire and Fw 190D, which should be available somewhere in February or March. Next will come another version with Skyhawk and MiG-21, and the third one will be dedicated to WWI airplanes, therefore should include Fokker and some other airplane which is not decided yet.
Крайнее фото показывает новую идею комплектации наборов, когда это Dual Combo, но внутри содержатся два разных самолёта от разных стран. Первым станет комплект, показанный на фото - Spitfire и Fw 190D, который появится в продаже в феврале-марте. Затем последует очередной вариант с Skyhawk и МиГ-21, ну и третьим станет версия, посвящённая Первой Мировой с Фоккером и другим самолётом, который пока ещё точно не выбрали.
So those are upcoming projects that we can expect from Czech manufacturer in 2016. Yes, there are no absolutely new kits except of Tempest, but who knows what is going through development process at the moment. There were many words about P-51D in 1/48 scale, and I think many modelers agree that such kit should be a nice addition instead of Tamiya kit. Of course, this applies if Eduard is able to keep the same quality as with Spitfire. Another thing to consider - in the next two years there will be no jet aircraft from Eduard, but who knows what will happen after those two years. ;)
Don't forget to like our Facebook page , so that you can get fresh articles on time.
Итак, это всё грядущие новинки от чешского производителя в 2016 году. Да, новых типов, за исключением Темпеста, нет, но кто знает, что ещё находится в разработке. Было также много слов о P-51D в масштабе 1/48, я думаю, что многие моделисты обрадовались бы подобной обновке вместо тамиевского набора. Разумеется, это будет так, если эдуардовцы применят тот же аккуратный подход, что и со Spitfire. Ещё одна вещь - в грядущие два года не будет никаких реактивных самолётов, но кто знает, что будет потом. ;)
Amazon will direct some $100 million to a new fund to back developers, manufacturers and start-ups building new, innovative deployments for its Alexa voice technology.
Online retail kingpin Amazon (AMZN) said it will direct some $100 million to a new fund to back developers, manufacturers and start-ups building new, innovative deployments for its Alexa voice technology.
The company will house its investment under the Alexa Fund, named after the cloud-based virtual assistant voice service behind its Amazon Echo “smart speaker.” The voice recognition capabilities enable Echo to provide services such as home entertainment, shopping and home automation control.
Amazon also released a software development kit, called the Alexa Skill Kit, a collection of self-service APIs and tools for developers to build voice-driven skills and capabilities such as enabling an Internet-facing home automation device to respond to voice commands.
In addition, Amazon has opened its free Alexa Voice Service (AVS) to third-party hardware makers to integrate into their devices, enabling, for example a manufacturer to turn a Wi-Fi alarm clock into a voice-actuated Alexa-enabled clock radio.
“Experiences designed around the human voice will fundamentally improve the way people use technology,” said Jeff Bezos, Amazon founder and chief executive.
“Since introducing Amazon Echo, we've heard from developers, manufacturers, and start-ups of all sizes who want to innovate with this new technology,” he said. “With the Alexa Fund, we want to empower people to explore the boundaries of voice technology. We're eager to see what they come up with.”
Amazon said that it will make Alexa Fund investment decisions based on a company's potential to build innovative voice apps using the Alexa SDK or voice service. The e-tailer said it will pay particular attention to companies building hardware products for the home that would benefit from Alexa, developers adding new features and functions to the voice platform and new contributions to the technology.
There's more than money at stake here for companies gaining Amazon's backing. The company said it will also offer early access to SDK capabilities, hands-on development support, additional marketing support on Amazon.com, placement at Amazon showcase events and membership in AWS Activate.
So far, Amazon has invested in seven companies through the Alexa Fund, including Orange Chef, which has a new mobile app called Countertop; Scout Alarm, a do-it-yourself home security provider; Garageio, a garage door monitoring system; Toymail, a connected toy maker; Dragon Innovation, which has developed a framework to build out ideas; MARA, a virtual running coach and personal trainer; and, Mojio, a provider of connected car solutions.
Amazon didn't say how much money it has allocated to the seven companies.
Among the three top voice-enabled virtual assistant players, Amazon is the only one to open its technology to third-parties, although Apple (AAPL) has said it will do so with Siri to one degree or another, and Google (GOOG) has said an open API for Google Now is in development.
Repair wizards over at iFixit have torn apart the new Apple TV 4K set-top box and discovered 3GB of RAM, all-new thermal vents and a huge new fan, among other features.
With 4K HDR streaming capabilities, 3GB of RAM and the powerful A10X Fusion chip, the new box brings the heat. “An iPad Pro-worthy processor and 3 GB of RAM pushing all those pixels means the TV will get a lot hotter a lot faster,” notes iFixit.
To prevent the chips from frying and cool the processor and RAM, the device has a huge internal fan and eight vents tasked with dispersing heat. X-ray vision (see image at the top) shows the new fan (driven by a Nidec brushless motor) as a circular object that appears to coordinate closely with the exhaust ports on the bottom panel.
The fan is combined with the heat sink and EMI shield from the fourth generation device to create a seamless thermal solution. In case the fan breaks customers can swap it out easily because Apple's made it replaceable, which is obviously good news for owners.
“Otherwise, we're guessing that a failed fan would quickly mean a failed device,” notes iFixit.
The device uses two SK Hynix-supplied LPDDR4 RAM chips, one rated at two gigabytes and the other a 1GB module for a total of 3GB of RAM—up from 2GB of RAM in the previous model.
To power the A10X Fusion chip and more RAM, the new Apple TV uses slightly higher power supply amperage rated for 12V at 1.083A versus the 12V at 0.917A power supply in the previous box. Not unlike the fourth-generation unit, the new one transfers power to the logic board through conductive posts rather than wiring.
The teardown confirms the return of a Gigabit Ethernet port (driven by Broadcom's Thunderbolt to Gigabit Ethernet chip) and the removal of the USB-C diagnostic port (because the latest version of Xcode allows for wireless diagnostic and software deployment).
The device also uses a custom memory controller, a Murata Wi-Fi and Bluetooth module, Toshiba flash memory and a Megachips FisplayPort 1.4 to HDMI 2.0 converter.
All told, the new Apple TV earns an 8 out of 10 on the iFixit repairability scale due to its simple construction and standard screws.
I'm loving my new Apple TV 4K a lot. Though it works the same as before, crisp 4K resolution and eye-popping HDR content cannot be overstated.
Now all I need are some GPU-heavy games optimized for 4K resolution.
Are you excited about the new box? Let us know in the comments!
November 10, 2016 5:17:00 PM from Ashes of the Singularity Forums
Choose your side amidst the rising tensions between the Post-Human Coalition and the AI beings, the Substrate. Conquer new and exciting worlds, build unique and diverse armies, and engage in epic battles against up to a dozen other players on huge maps.
This expansion adds global zoom, specialized units, advanced aircraft, new game setup options, new maps and terrains, and so much more.
Unlike the base game, Escalation is designed with veteran RTS players in mind. Take a look at some of the new features:
Strategic zoom. You can now zoom from up close all the way out with the map transitioning to a more abstract view of the world similar to what we did with Sins of a Solar Empire (and similar to Supreme Commander)
Several new, specialized units for each playable race that allow for more sophisticated strategies
Lots of new, upgradeable defensive structures that allow players to execute area denial and siege strategies
New, advanced air units that provide both close air support and strategic bombing functions
New campaigns that flesh out the backstory and also continue the story from the base game
Maximum players on a map increased from 6 to 14
Additional start-up configuration options
Two new alien environments to play on (Volcanic worlds and Crystaline worlds)
Much bigger maps
Several new global abilities to provide more strategic and resource combinations
And much more!
by
One of the most important factors when selecting a vehicle is the engine. It's the heart of your truck and greatly affects the ride, price, and mileage as well. The Ram has two incredible engines on both sides of the spectrum, and either will provide you a wealth of beneficial features to power your truck for its entire life.
Both engines come paired with a TorqueFlite 8 eight-speed transmission, which comes standard on all Ram 1500s. TorqueFlite's eight gears allow for superior acceleration, especially in lower gears. Shifting is effortless, so you don't feel those lurches on the road. Instead, you feel the smooth and mounting power surge through your Ram as you punch the accelerator. No matter which engine you choose, you can rest assured that you will get maximum performance with the highest quality transmission on the market.
3.6L Pentastar V6 Engine
The Ram V6 Pentastar engine is an incredible all-around engine at a fantastic value. For the average cargo hauler, off-roader, or general power-hungry driver, the V6 provides 305 horsepower to punch your truck into high gear faster. Even with a quad cab, the V6 is an efficient engine and agile enough to give you the oomph you need to accelerate up to speed with a moderate load.
For towing, this engine can handle 3 tons or more of capacity. You will start to notice a slowdown as you start getting closer to full capacity, but for most casual towing, the V6 can pull anything easily.
Finally, we've devoted our energy to create the most fuel-efficient trucks possible without sacrificing the power and toughness you expect from Ram 1500, and the Pentastar exceeds those expectations with 25 highway miles per gallon.
5.7L HEMI V8 Engine
If the V6 just isn't scratching your itch for muscle, raw power, and pure adrenaline, then the only option for you is the legendary Dodge Ram HEMI V8. Rocking just below 400 horses under the hood and 410 foot-pounds of torque, the Ram HEMI will absolutely devour the road ahead and leave other trucks in your dust.
As far as towing capacity goes, the HEMI can haul more than 10,000 pounds of whatever you can strap down. That's a huge jump from the V6, meaning you can tow almost anything you'll need on the road, outside of heavy equipment and the largest campers and boats.
While your fuel economy is a downside when compared with the V6, it's not as big of a gap in efficiency as it was in the past. With their new Fuel Saver Technology, Dodge has made a more efficient V8 engine. With Fuel Saver, when you're cruising at highway speeds under light loads, the smart engine will shut off four cylinders, allowing you to maintain high speeds while cutting gas consumption.
Clearly, there are a few determining factors when choosing the heart of your Ram. Things like a lower price and better fuel efficiency make the V6 sound enticing, while the more expensive but beastly V8 could suit your needs better, especially if that need is raw power.
If you'd like to explore the available engine options and variety of trim options for the Ram 1500 in Winchester, check out what we have in stock on our lot, and give us a call at 888-615-1042.
It's only 1:39 and I have had such a productive day! I got a new job (yay!), and start Monday. So I have today to take a bit of a breather, and did some food shopping at Everything Natural as well as the regular grocery store. I've made a beautiful lunch, and have a lovely dinner planned! First things, first, this is what you can toss together if you have about 30-40 minutes on your hands!
I've decided that I need to take photos of the process rather than just the end product. This particular salad is inspired by tabbouleh. It began as version of the Arabic dish using quinoa instead of bulgur wheat, but I ended up adding a bunch of stuff that one does not add to that dish, for the sake of using veggies before they go bad. I'm incredibly determined to use up the massive amount of kale I have before it rots. So this is how this recipe was born!
If you have never used or heard of quinoa before, it's a remarkable little grain. It kind of looks like couscous, but it has a complete protein profile. It contains all of the amino acids necessary for our health. It's popular among the vegan/vegetarian crowd for that reason. It also is very easy to make! You make it much in the same way that you make rice or oatmeal. Use the ratio of 1 part quinoa to 2 parts liquid. I usually use water, but you can also use vegetable broth if you like. Rinse your quinoa, add it to a saucepan with the water, and cook over high heat until it absorbs all the liquid and becomes fluffy.
Next you steam your kale. As I was saying before, I am currently trying to use as much of it as possible, and steaming it reduces it in size, so you can eat MORE! I put a large pot on the stove and filled it 3/4 o the way full of washed and cut kale, and added about 1.5 cups of water and covered it. It took less than five minutes to cook down.
While everything was cooking, I prepped my other veggies, made easier by my handy dandy ninja blender, which doubles as a processor! I added red onion and a few baby bella mushrooms to the blender and processed and transferred the chopped veggies to a large bowl.
I added a few cloves of garlic to that with the garlic press, and added a few dashes of coconut aminos and stirred it all up. Aminos are a soy sauce substitute; they often have less sodium than soy sauce and add a nice flavor. (This was one of my Everything Natural purchases today!)
After the quinoa was cooked, I added it to my chopped veggies and combined. I also added about 1/4 cup lite coconut with a squeeze of half a lemon. I added a can of cannellini beans, and chopped up a few roma tomatoes. I chopped up some mint and cilantro and added that before finally adding my finished kale and combined the ingredients. Tabbouleh traditionally also contains flat-leaf parsley, but I don't have any at the moment, so I skipped it. After I let it chill in the refrigerator for about an hour and a half, it was ready to eat, and it was fan-freaking-tastic!
A new favorite!
Ingredients:
1 cup uncooked quinoa
3.5 cups water, separated
1 extra-large bunch of kale, trimmed, cleaned, and cut
1 medium red onion
2 baby bella mushrooms
2 cloves garlic, minced
Juice of 1/2 lemon
4 tbsp chopped mint
4 tbsp chopped cilantro
1 15.5 oz can of cannellini beans, rinsed
4 Roma tomatoes, chopped
1/2 avocado, diced
1/4 cup lite coconut milk
1-2 tbsp liquid aminos/low sodium soy sauce
1 tbsp flax
1 tbsp chia seeds
Directions:
Paul McCartney Reveals What Really Split Up the Beatles (ABC News)
Paul McCartney is now opening up about the tough times after the Beatles split in 1970.
In fact, the Rock and Roll Hall of Famer said he didn't even know what to do next.
"I was depressed. You would be. You were breaking from your lifelong friends," he told BBC Radio 4's Mastertapes.
Read: Paul McCartney, Yoko Ono Pay Tribute to Cynthia Lennon
Related: Paul McCartney Says John Lennon 'Was Always Looking for Help'
McCartney also addressed the reason for the split, saying, "The business thing split us apart," referring to a new manager and new business practices for the release of "Let It Be," the band's final record together.
After the breakup, McCartney added, he wasn't sure "whether I was still going to continue in music." Fortunately for the music world, he ended up recording upward of 25 studio albums post-Beatles.
He dropped his most recent album, "New," in 2013, and he has worked with modern greats like Kanye West, about whom McCartney said, "People says he's eccentric ... which you'd have to agree with. He's a monster. He's a crazy guy that comes up with great stuff."
McCartney said that over the years, he kept in touch with fellow Beatle John Lennon before his death in 1980.
"I would make calls to John occasionally. We just talked kids and baking bread," he added.
A brewing industry roundtable Pingree hosted in July 2016
WASHINGTON, D.C. – Today, Reps. Dan Newhouse (R-WA), Peter DeFazio. (D-OR), Erik Paulsen (R-MN), and Chellie Pingree (D-ME) led 100 other Members in a letter to the U.S. Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack and USDA Under Secretary for Research, Education and Economics, Dr. Cathie Woteki. The letter requests that USDA's Agricultural Research Service (ARS) increase its commitment to hop-related research to reflect the growing cultural and economic importance of this crop.
The Members wrote in the letter: “Overall, the brewing industry generated more than $250 billion in economic activity in 2014, directly and indirectly employing over 1.75 million Americans. This activity is only sustained through a healthy, stable hop market. Hop growers face a variety of challenges, including mites, mildews, blights, and other pests that harm production….The development of new hop varieties that are pest-resistant and climate-tolerant would help growers increase yields while reducing pesticide use. Additionally, while commercial hop production now exists in 29 states, developing new climate-tolerant varieties could help further expand commercial production, putting growers closer to their customers and reducing the threat that a disaster in the Pacific Northwest would affect U.S. and global supplies.”
"Maine brewers are buying up every ounce of locally grown hops, yet less than 1 percent of hops used by Maine brewers are supplied by local growers. The barrier to growth in the hop farming industry is not a lack of market demand. The barrier to growth is at the ground level; it is the ongoing challenges presented by pests and diseases that are slowing the growth of the hop farming sector while driving up costs for Maine's brewers and beer consumers," said Sean Sullivan, Executive Director of the Maine Brewers' Guild. "Maine brewers applaud Congresswoman Pingree and her colleagues for their efforts to increase funding for hops research. We are confident that Maine's hop growers, brewers, and institutions that perform hops research, like UMaine Cooperative Extension, would directly benefit."
Background
Currently, USDA's Agriculture Research Service (ARS) has committed 1.7 full time employee (FTE) scientists to conduct research into hops – one scientist who researches hops pathology, and another who commits 70 percent of efforts to hops genetics research. Despite the growth of the U.S. brewing industry over the past decade to generate more than $250 billion in economic activity, and indirectly support more than 1.75 million jobs, ARS research still only offers a 1.7 FTEs in hop research. Additionally, it has been reported that many brewers are having trouble procuring the types of hops that they need for brewing because the slowly-increasing supplies cannot keep up with the rapidly-growing demand.
Signers of the letter include Reps. Newhouse, DeFazio, Paulsen, Pingree, Bilirakis, Bishop (GA), Blumenauer, Bonamici, Bost, Boustany, Butterfield, Cárdenas, Carter (GA), Chabot, Cicilline, Comstock, Conyers, Costello, Cramer, DelBene, DesJarlais, Duffy, Emmer, Farenthold, Farr, Fudge, Gallego, Garamendi, Hanna, Heck (WA), Herrera Beutler, Higgins, Hudson, Huizenga, Huffman, Hurd, Eddie Bernice Johnson (TX), Jones, Kaptur, Kelly (PA), Kilmer, Kind, King (NY), Kuster, Lamborn, Larsen, Lieu, Lipinski, LoBiondo, Loebsack, Lofgren, Lowenthal, Lucas, Luetkemeyer, Lujan Grisham, Lynch, Marino, McCaul, McCollum, McGovern, McHenry, McMorris Rodgers, Meadows, Meehan, Moore, Moulton, Neal, Nolan, Norton, Pascrell, Payne, Pearce, Plaskett, Pocan, Polis, Reichert, Renacci, Rooney, Rouzer, Rush, Sensenbrenner, Schrader, David Scott (GA), Simpson, Sinema, Smith (NE), Speier, Stefanik, Thompson (MS), Thompson (PA), Tipton, Titus, Tonko, Tsongas, Vargas, Wagner, Walberg, Watson Coleman, Welch, Yarmuth, Yoder, Young (AK), Zeldin, Zinke.
Full letter text
December 1, 2016
The Honorable Tom Vilsack
Secretary
United States Department of Agriculture
1400 Independence Ave., SW
Washington, DC 20250
Dr. Cathie Woteki
Under Secretary for Research, Education and Economics
United States Department of Agriculture
1400 Independence Ave., SW
Washington, DC 20250
Dear Secretary Vilsack and Under Secretary Woteki:
We write to request your support for an industry that has been a model of U.S. economic growth over the past decade. The brewing industry sustains millions of jobs in the U.S., and especially through the emerging popularity of craft brewing, has boosted domestic sales and exports, and supports a growing supply chain of U.S. farmers, manufacturers, wholesalers, and retailers. U.S. hop cultivation is central to this industry, and we request USDA's Agricultural Research Service (ARS) increase its commitment to hop-related research to reflect the growing cultural and economic importance of this crop for FY 2017.
Overall, the brewing industry generated more than $250 billion in economic activity in 2014, directly and indirectly employing over 1.75 million Americans. This activity is only sustained through a healthy, stable hop market. Hop growers face a variety of challenges, including mites, mildews, blights, and other pests that harm production. It is estimated that 15 percent of hop yields are lost to pests annually. The increased threat of drought and extreme heat in the Pacific Northwest, where the majority of U.S. commercially-produced hops are grown, is also a persistent threat to crops. The development of new hop varieties that are pest-resistant and climate-tolerant would help growers increase yields while reducing pesticide use. Additionally, while commercial hop production now exists in 29 states, developing new climate-tolerant varieties could help further expand commercial production, putting growers closer to their customers and reducing the threat that a disaster in the Pacific Northwest would affect U.S. and global supplies.
USDA's previous hop research has resulted in the development of varieties that are now universal to the industry. The two largest varieties of U.S.-produced hops, Cascade and Centennial, are products of public hop breeding programs. As consumers continue to demand beers with new aroma and flavor traits, research into developing these characteristics could result in significant benefit to growers, brewers, and the customers they serve.
Given these great advantages that would come with additional research, we request that USDA-ARS increase the commitment to hops genetics/molecular biology from 0.7 full time employees (FTE) to 1.0 FTE, while continuing to fund the existing 1.0 FTE pathology research program for FY 2017. This critical boost in research would result in breakthroughs in hop cultivation that will help sustain the significant growth of this important industry.
Over the course of a game, the time a team spends on the fastbreak could be less than 90 seconds of actual game time. The average fastbreak takes about five seconds. That's roughly 12 transition possessions in a minute.That's one important minute. Winning the transition game, a product of both defensive and offensive efficiency, can go a long way toward winning the game itself. Individually, a well-rounded transition game can give a player's scoring average a sizable boost and force the defense to account for him at all times.
Fastbreaks aren't just about dunks. They require a player's entire skill set and can tip the balance of a game. Here's a look at six of the best transition players in the game and how they get it done.
LeBron James | F | Miami Heat
Transition stats: 6.12 ppg, 1.459 PPP, 76.6 percent
Strength: Power, great hands
James
Arguably the game's best in transition, James has the league's most impressive combination of strength and speed, and in the open court those tools become even more formidable. Among players with at least 75 fastbreak shot attempts, James averages the most points per possession in the league. When he crosses halfcourt and selects a direct line to the basket his speed in the open court is unrivaled in the NBA.
Getty Images, Kevork Djansezian Brian Roberts, CEO of Comcast, announced a deal to acquire the second-largest cable company, Time Warner, for $159 per share.
If the deal is approved by regulators, Roberts will be running a massive cable empire. Combined, Comcast and Time Warner will have 30 million subscribers. The next closest pay TV competitor is DirecTV, which has 20 million. The next closest cable competitor is Cox, which has 4.6 million.
And that's just the video side of the deal. Comcast will become the biggest broadband Internet provider outside of China.
So, who is Brian Roberts?
Roberts' father, Ralph, founded Comcast in 1963 when he bought American Cable Systems, a 1,200-subscriber cable system in Tupelo, Mississippi. In 1969, he moved the company to Philadelphia.
Brian first interned for Comcast when he was 15 and helped out on supermarket promotions. He attended University of Pennsylvania's business school, Wharton where he was a Zeta Psi fraternity brother. He became Comcast's president in 1990 and CEO in 2002.
Roberts, an All-American squash player, is known as an aggressive deal maker. In 2001, Roberts helped Comcast acquire AT&T Broadband in a deal valued at $72 billion. Three years later, Roberts led a failed effort to take over Disney for $66 billion. In 2011, Comcast paid $30 billion for 51% of NBC. Two years later it bought the rest for $16.7 billion.
When Roberts became Comcast's president in the 90s, the company was generating less than $1 billion of revenue. Now it generates $64 billion and Roberts is a billionaire.
Foster+Partners He's also led an expansion of Comcast in its hometown of Philadelphia. Comcast is currently planning a 59-story, $1.2 billion skyscraper in center city. When completed in 2017, it will be the 8th biggest building in the U.S.
Roberts' aggressive moves put Comcast in a good position for the future even though the TV market is in flux. (Subscriptions to pay TV are flat, if not declining.) Comcast will control Internet, pay-TV, and original programming through NBC. Whatever comes next for TV, Comcast will have major influence over it.
So, what is next for TV? Here's Roberts' vision: "I believe television will change more in the next five years than in the last 50. This will be really great for consumers. At Comcast we hope to help shape this future with the innovation we are driving through technology and our smart people. We are going to have a suite of products that you subscribe to—television, high-speed Internet, phone, home security, energy management, maybe even health care—and we are going to have many customers that are going to buy those products directly from us. So the way we are managing the company is to aggressively improve every one of our products while at the same time keeping our eye on maintaining a state-of-the-art network that powers everything we do."
Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee member Al Franken seen January 31 during the committee's executive session on the nomination of Education Secretary-designate Betsy DeVos. AP Photo/Alex Brandon Lawmakers held the floor of the US Senate late Monday night in a final effort to tank the confirmation of President Donald Trump's nomination for education secretary, Betsy DeVos.
Democratic senators railed against DeVos on the Senate floor and on social media, calling her unfit to oversee the nation's education system. Sen. Al Franken of Minnesota called DeVos "fundamentally incompetent" on Monday.
"This is not a job for amateurs," Franken said. The senator challenged DeVos last month, when DeVos appeared to become confused during a line of questioning from Franken.
Kamala Harris, a freshman Democratic senator from California and former state attorney general, tweeted: "First and foremost, the country needs a Sec. of Education who has demonstrated basic competency when it comes to issues facing children."
Harris continued: "Half a million teachers would be put out of work under the Trump-DeVos plan. Devastating for our six million [California] students."
Protesters demonstrate against DeVos, President Donald Trump's nominee for secretary of education, on Monday in Washington, DC. Mario Tama/Getty Images
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer of New York called DeVos "one of the worst nominees."
DeVos is a billionaire philanthropist and charter-schools advocate. Her nomination has been met with fierce opposition from lawmakers and from demonstrators who have been protesting her nomination in the streets of Washington.
Every Democrat in the Senate has vowed to oppose DeVos' confirmation, and two moderate Republicans said last week that they would not vote for her. Those moves set up a potential scenario in which Vice President Mike Pence may cast the deciding vote on Tuesday.
Many of us paying a premium to avoid the gluten in our food are doing so without any good medical reason.
Getty Images / Getty Images
A new survey from market research firm the NPD Group finds that America is cutting gluten out of its diet in a big way. Just under one-third of 1,000 respondents agreed with the statement: “I'm trying to cut back/avoid Gluten in my diet.”
That's the highest level since the company added gluten consumption to the surveys it does about Americans' eating habits in 2009. TIME labeled the gluten-free movement #2 on its top 10 list of food trends for 2012.
As food fads go, though, this one's not only enormous: It's enormously expensive — and many of us paying a premium to avoid gluten are doing so without any legitimate medical reason.
First of all, why is gluten — a protein found in wheat, rye and barley — so bad? Well, for most of us, it isn't. The University of Chicago's Celiac Disease Center estimates that more than 3 million Americans — about one in 133 — have celiac disease, in which consuming gluten triggers a serious autoimmune response in the digestive system. A larger number — exactly how many has been the source of debate, with studies some claiming as many as one in 16 Americans and others saying far fewer — have a less-severe sensitivity to gluten that causes gastrointestinal distress.
But that still doesn't add up to the NPD Group's finding that 29% of Americans are trying to avoid gluten. The numbers suggest that many consumers are staying away from gluten simply because it's trendy to do so.
(MORE: The Evolution of the Corporate Event)
Avoiding certain ingredients goes in cycles: Back in the 70s, it was sugar. Then it was fat, then saturated fat. Then fat was in but carbs were out. Gluten is the pariah ingredient du jour, and there are a lot of healthy people shelling out big bucks for gluten-free food they probably don't need.
“Most people must be doing this because they think they feel better, or they do feel better but they're not diagnosed with gluten issues,” says Harry Balzer, chief industry analyst at the NPD Group. As TIME Healthland pointed out:
People who have bad reactions to common gluten-containing foods — pasta, breads, baked goods and breakfast cereal — may actually be sensitive to something else… It's also possible that some people develop gastrointestinal or other symptoms simply because they believe they're food-sensitive.
None of this would be a huge problem, except that this is an exceptionally pricey food fad. Producing gluten-free items, especially baked goods, is more expensive because manufacturers have to come up with alternatives that will give the finished product the same light, chewy texture that gluten imparts.
Researchers from Dalhousie Medical School at Dalhousie University in Canada compared the prices of 56 ordinary grocery items that contain gluten with their gluten-free counterparts. All of the gluten-free ones were more expensive, and some were much more expensive. On average, gluten-free products were a whopping 242% pricier than the gluten-containing versions.
(MORE: Americans Are Eating Fewer Calories, So Why Are We Still Obese?)
An increasing number of food manufacturers have risen to the challenge of producing more gluten-free products, and the category is big business. Market research company Packaged Facts said in a report last fall the gluten-free market in the United States was $4.2 billion last year. It predicts that the category will grow to $6.6 billion by 2017.
Balzer thinks the gluten-free craze is an evolution and an expansion of the low-carb trend. Unlike a dietary modification that affects only a fraction of the population, like cutting out certain foods to reduce cholesterol, framing the gluten issue as being about “wellness” makes it inclusive enough that everyone can participate. “Digestive health has become a buzzword of how to deal with health in America today,” Balzer says. Probiotics are another popular food trend that fits the wellness category.
“We've come to address health as something beyond removal” of ingredients, he says. In other words, we've abandoned the idea of deprivation and decided that instead of simply eating less to feel better and be healthy, we'll just eat different stuff. “The concept of being on a diet is, I think, losing favor even if you are watching what you eat,” Balzer says. “It's so much easier for Americans to say I'm concerned with wellness — I'm on a gluten-free diet.'”
(MORE: Why We So Love Those Limited-Time Offers)
It's also easier to declare success when “wellness” is the goal. If you're on a conventional “diet” for months and still wearing the same size pants, you've clearly not achieved your objective. Declaring yourself gluten-free, on the other hand, takes away the pressure to achieve a visible result. Now you can have your (gluten-free) cake and eat it, too.
Day 11: Thorong Phedi to Muktinath — October 27th, 2016
We were woken up at 3:00 am by our guides and by 4:00 am, we were on our way to the pass. Several other groups also decided to hike at this time. The scene created was beautiful: no wind, perfect night skies, and tens of headlamps slowly moving up the hill.
After about an hour of uphill hiking, we made it to Thorong High Camp. Despite being around minus eight degrees Celsius, I was feeling great. I felt a little thirsty as my CamelBak tube was frozen. We continued up slowly as the sun started rising. The sunrise at 5,000 meters is something I will never forget. I am not sure if it was because of how high we were or the atmospheric conditions, but it was a purple sunrise. The silhouette of the horizon behind the Chulu range was white, with the sky colors going from a faint lavender to black as your eyes moved up the sky. Unfortunately, I could not capture the moment as it was too cold to take my gloves off.
After our last tea stop, four of us and a guide decided to go towards the pass. I slowly started to stay behind. After hiking for two and half hours uphill, in high altitude, in minus five to minus ten degree weather, I was spent. The last 500 meters hike to the summit was one of the hardest things I have ever done. After a long struggle, I finally made it. I had achieved the goal of making it to Thorong La Pass (5,416 meters above sea level), a goal I dreamed of two years ago.
After receiving the congratulations of my companions, I suddenly realized that there was a DJ spinning house music at the top of the pass. It was such a surreal scene! Props to the porter who had to carry on his back a large speaker and a diesel generator.
DJ Chhewang spinning at Thorong La Pass (5,416 meters)
More of my companions started arriving. When the last one showed up with our head guide, we all rejoiced. We had all made it! We completed this accomplishment together! An accomplishment which has a ~25% failure rate!
Pelosi accuses CIA of lying in torture timeline INTERROGATION MEMOS She contends agency is wrong about '02 briefing
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi of Calif. is seen on Capitol Hill in Washington, Thursday, May 14, 2009. Earlier Thursday, under strong attack from Republicans, Pelosi accused the CIA and Bush Administration of misleading her about waterboarding detainees in the war on terror and sharply rebutted claims she was complicit in the method's use. (AP Photo/Lauren Victoria Burke) less House Speaker Nancy Pelosi of Calif. is seen on Capitol Hill in Washington, Thursday, May 14, 2009. Earlier Thursday, under strong attack from Republicans, Pelosi accused the CIA and Bush Administration of ... more Photo: Lauren Victoria Burke, AP Photo: Lauren Victoria Burke, AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Pelosi accuses CIA of lying in torture timeline 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi recently said her motto is "The best preparation for combat is combat."
With both guns blazing at an extraordinary news conference Thursday, the Democrat from San Francisco made good on that, accusing the CIA of lying when the agency said she was told about torture in 2002.
In doing so, Pelosi turned a distraction into a conflagration. She had little choice after two weeks of Republican accusations that it was she who was lying, accompanied by a leaked CIA timeline that said she had been briefed on Sept. 4, 2002, that "enhanced interrogation techniques" - a euphemism for torture - "had been employed."
Democrats quickly closed ranks behind the speaker. Sen. Dianne Feinstein, chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, made clear whom she believes.
"I've know Nancy a long time," Feinstein said. "We lived a few houses apart for a couple of decades. I've never known her not to be truthful. Let me put that on the record."
Feinstein had this to say about the CIA, now headed by fellow Californian Leon Panetta of Monterey:
"The CIA on this issue is in a defensive mode. Who knows whether what they're saying is right or wrong? The CIA is not an agency that is above not telling the truth."
Republicans contend that Pelosi had known all along that that top al Qaeda suspects were being harshly interrogated for information on future plots, but only called it torture after the interrogations became public and inflamed her liberal base. They say it is unfair to investigate former Bush officials if Pelosi was also complicit.
Pelosi waited for her regular weekly news conference to address the issue, after a trip to Iraq had left unanswered for nearly a week media reports fueled primarily by GOP sources making accusations.
"Yes, I am saying that they are misleading - that the CIA was misleading the Congress," Pelosi said. She said she would "be very happy" if the CIA would release the notes from the 2002 briefing so that everyone could see for themselves. She repeated her call for a truth commission to air the facts.
Rare political damage
There is little doubt that Pelosi has sustained rare political damage, with even liberal late-night comedian Jon Stewart joking about her claim that Bush officials told her they had legal grounds to use torture but had not actually used it. The uproar has arrived at a delicate juncture when Pelosi faces a daunting challenge enacting President Obama's first-year agenda, including health care reform.
Yet those who think Pelosi is in any danger of being driven from power, in the manner of such past speakers as Newt Gingrich or Jim Wright, underestimate her strength, steadily cultivated over 22 years in Congress since arriving as a San Francisco backbencher in 1987. Pelosi's hallmark achievement has been to unify Democrats, not just her Bay Area allies but conservative Southern and rural Democrats. There is no sign that they will abandon her now.
Rep. George Miller, D-Martinez, a top Pelosi confidant, said it was "ludicrous" to think Pelosi is in any political danger. "Obviously, it's an attempt by the architects and promoters of torture to try somehow to shift the blame to Democrats when for six, seven years, this is what they did," Miller said. "She's made her statement, and she made her record very clear."
Rep. Mike Thompson, D-St. Helena, said he was "a little shocked" when asked three days ago whether Pelosi was in trouble. So Thursday, as the Pelosi news conference was blaring on every cable TV network, he said, "I've been asking around on the (House) floor, and people just look at me like I'm nuts."
If anything, Pelosi's no-prisoners stance may build support for the truth commission she has advocated to determine how decisions about the wars in Iraq and on terror were made. Her call for such a commission last month touched off the storm that has now engulfed her.
Pelosi accused the Bush administration of "misinforming" Congress not only about torture but about weapons of mass destruction as a way of pushing its war agenda with minimal interference from Congress.
"Let's get it straight," she said. "The Bush administration has conceived a policy. The CIA comes to the Congress, withholds information about the timing and the use of (torture). We later find out that it had been taking place before they even briefed us about the legal opinions and told us that they were not being used."
GOP leader's perspective
Republican House leader John Boehner of Ohio said Pelosi's responses "continue to raise more questions than provide answers." He said it is "hard for me to imagine that anyone in our intelligence area would ever mislead a member of Congress."
Marc Sandalow, former Washington bureau chief for The Chronicle who covered Pelosi for 20 years and wrote her biography, "Madame Speaker," in 2008, said that what is clear is that "somebody's not telling the truth, either Nancy Pelosi or somebody at the CIA. And there is nothing in Nancy Pelosi's long public history to suggest that she lies. Hardball politics, yes. Lying, no."
Pelosi is also a notorious stickler for protocol. It comes as little surprise that she would leave it to her successor on the House Intelligence Committee, Rep. Jane Harman, D-Venice (Los Angeles County), to send a letter to the White House objecting to the techniques after a later and apparently more complete briefing on Feb. 5, 2003, which Pelosi's national security aide attended.
Feinstein has opened what she expects to be a six- to eight-month Senate Intelligence Committee investigation of the interrogations. She opposes a truth commission because her committee can look at secret documents and take less time. With a commission, she said, "I don't think you'll really get a professional job. I think you'll get a very controversial work product. Now, our work product may be controversial, but it will be sound."
Echoing the concerns of many members on the House and Senate intelligence committees, she said her own experience with CIA briefings is that they tend to be "very bland, very theoretical and with very little said. You cannot take notes. ... There is no opportunity for a lot of questions."
Push to expand briefings
Feinstein and others are pushing legislation to expand such briefings to the full intelligence committees, including professional staff. Some experts concur that limiting briefings to as few as four members of Congress who are sworn to absolute secrecy obstructs Congress' obligation to oversee the executive branch.
The controversy puts Panetta in a difficult spot, defending the CIA against a fellow Californian. In a letter accompanying the timeline that implicates Pelosi, Panetta said the information is based on the best recollections of the CIA briefers at the time and may not be accurate.
Picture: © Spencer Platt/Getty Images.
By Bogdan Ovcharuk, press officer for Amnesty International Ukraine @goddan
A month before the first anniversary of Russia's annexation of Crimea from Ukraine, Bogdan Ovcharuk, press officer for AI Ukraine, travelled with a research team to assess the human rights situation there. They were particularly interested to meet Crimean Tatars whose lives have changed dramatically over the past year.
Sheltering from the sleet, piercing wind and oppressive grey sky, we sat in a Crimean Tatar café in front of the courthouse in Simferopol, watching the anchor of Russia's main national channel on TV talking about the latest developments in Russia. This is par for the course now, and not surprising as Ukrainian channels are not welcome here anymore.
We were there to meet, Elmira Ablyalimova, the wife of Crimean Tatar activist, Akhtem Chiygoz, prior to a court hearing on his case. His relatives and lawyer had only been informed about the hearing a few hours earlier. His lawyer was unable to make it and therefore Akhtem was deprived of the right to a defense.
“Did you have a chance to pray?"
Akhtem is accused of organizing riots, inciting violence and causing death during a confrontation between pro-Ukrainian activists (mainly Crimean Tatars) and pro-Russian activists near the Supreme Council of Crimea, on 26 February 2014.
Elmira explained to us what happened to her the day after he was arrested. In the early morning there was a knock at the door. As she opened it, 18 armed men burst through.
“They came to our house at 7.30 am and demanded to be let in. I asked for some time to get dressed, but they said I had two minutes or they would shoot the dog. When they entered, one of the officers asked mockingly ‘Did you have a chance to pray?'
Elmira was not allowed to contact anyone. She explained how, as they searched the house, she was ridiculed.
“When they asked for proof of my relationship with my husband, I said that we have a Muslim marriage. One of them told me that he had 20 of such marriages. They all were laughing loudly. Then they began to search in my private belongings. I'm 40 years old and as a woman, as a citizen and as a Muslim I have never felt such a humiliation in my whole life.”
On the way to the courthouse we were met by a large group of Crimean Tatars - friends, relatives and associates of Akhtem Chiygoz. Despite the fact that they had only been informed about the trial a couple of hours ago, they had gathered quickly to show their support.
When we arrived, we were told that we were not allowed into the courthouse.
“This is an open court. Why are we not allowed in?” a middle-aged Crimean Tatar asked a security guard.
The bailiff told us that the court was about to close and that all the seats were taken.
Inside, the court decided to extend Akhtem's pretrial detention until 19 May.
Defiantly, Elmira told us: “This case was only initiated against my husband as he is the only leader left who can influence opinions and unite the Crimean Tatars. Two of our prominent leaders were prohibited by news authorities from entering Crimea.”
Intimidated to speak out
We later visited the Crimean Tatar TV channel ATR where 30 armed, masked men had recently searched the premises.
The channel is one of the few independent media in the Crimea and the only channel in the world which broadcasts in the Crimean Tatar language.
Lilya Budjurova, an official at the channel described what happened: “They said they wanted our footage of the events of 26 February 2014. We offered to give materials voluntarily, because we do not have any secrets. But they said that we could have hidden them, and would therefore search our premises and electronic servers and that each employee would be searched individually.”
“A man approached a woman and raised a gun to her. Of course, he didn't fire and probably had no intention of doing so, but the whole search was clearly done to intimidate us. They needed to demonstrate their power; they needed to run and walk about our territory with guns.”
Nonviolent resistance
Disappearances, suspicious deaths, searches, arrests, armed men walking on the streets in camouflage with no insignia, and the muzzling of the media have really sown fear and despair among the Crimean Tatars.
The detention and disappearance of community leaders, the harassment of Mejlis (the organisation that represents Tatars), and bans on public gathering, suggest little hope that this fear will end soon.
“The Crimean Tatar national movement is based on the principle non-violence,” Elmira explained to me.
“All our actions are non-violent - rallies, pickets and demonstrations - defending the rights of our people. Now, unfortunately, no Tatar family feels safe in Crimea. So now our main task - the basic requirement - is to be able to live safely in our homeland and for the unconditional restoration of our rights as indigenous people of Crimea.”
The depth of the tragedy that these people have lived through is unimaginable. Despite Stalin's deportation and the deaths of half of their population, the strength that has allowed the Crimean Tatars to survive, never ceases to amaze. This is their home, and they are determined to defend their rights. It is this solidarity and the unity of the Crimean Tatars that inspires hope for the future that, one day, they will be able to live without fear and enjoy their rights.
For more information:
Crimea: One year on from annexation; critics harassed, attacked and silenced
A Definitive Creepy Boston To-Do List
The most disturbing ways to spend your time in the city.
Keep your weekends full of the coolest things to do around Boston with our weekly Weekender newsletter.
Who needs haunted houses when you live in one of the oldest cities in America?
While it's hard to fathom how many creepy/spooky/weird/strange stories and places have been buried in Boston's history, there are a few remnants that make for some eerie outings.
Tour the Ether Dome
A visit to the circular, former operating theater known as the Ether Dome is a reminder of the not-so-distant past of medical procedures—a time when anesthetic was little more than a hard whack on the head. More than 8,000 operations were performed in the Ether Dome at Mass General between 1821 and 1868, but things changed in 1846 when medical history was made there. A Boston dentist administered inhaled ether anesthetic to a patient before the dean of Harvard Medical School removed a tumor from the patient's neck. The patient attested to no pain, thus changing the way surgery was performed from then on.
Tours of the theater are available for free everyday from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m., where visitors can see antique surgical tools and artifacts, a painting of the famed first ether surgery, as well as an Egyptian mummy and a skeleton.
55 Fruit St, Bulfinch Building, 4th floor, massgeneral.org.
See the basement crypt of the Old North Church
“One if by land, two if by sea” might not be your most memorable quote from the Old North Church after taking a behind-the-scenes look at it. The 30-minute guided tour allows visitors to see two places where few other living beings frequent: the bell-ringing chamber and the crypt.
While the chamber where Paul Revere worked as a teen is indeed mesmerizing, the basement crypt is downright spooky. Visitors walk underneath the floors of the church along rows of tombs—37 of them—placed there between 1732 and 1860.
$6, tours run every half hour from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., 193 Salem St., for more information visit oldnorth.com.
Find the Lady in Black on Fort Warren
George's Island can become considerably less sunny and warm once summer has ended—more notably so with the presence of the Lady in Black. She's said to haunt Fort Warren after being hanged for trying to help her Confederate prisoner husband escape the fort.
While many have attested to the presence of the Lady and her black robes, the only way to know for sure is to navigate the dark tunnels of Fort Warren yourself.
Ferries operating through Columbus Day, schedules and fares available at bostonharborislands.org.
Experience the Warren Anatomical Museum
The epitome of creepy is probably a century-and-a-half old museum filled with skeletons. Founded by Dr. John Collins Warren in 1847—the same doctor who performed the first ether surgery in the Ether Dome—the Warren Anatomical Museum contains more than 15,000 artifacts. The most famous is the skull of Phineas Gage, a railroad worker who survived having a large rod pierce through his brain. The incident destroyed the majority of Gage's frontal lobe, but helped the medical community in understanding the importance of the frontal lobe in forming behavior and personality.
Other weird items include photos of President James A. Garfield's vertebrae and the skeletons of fetal conjoined twins.
10 Shattuck St., harvard.edu.
Eat (somber) brunch at the Paramount
Chances are you know about the savory brunches at the Paramount in Beacon Hill. But you might not know that in the same building—in apartment A—the thirteenth victim of the Boston Strangler was murdered there. Mary Sullivan was the final victim of the serial killer, identified as Albert DeSalvo.
44 Charles St, paramountboston.com.
Looking for a super easy - and affordable - way to dress up your walls, Christopher Columbus-style? Then, give this a shot!
Maps are such neglected pieces of art even though we used them for centuries to find our way around. As much as you love using navigation apps, these will never compare to the art of a handmade map. This is why hanging one on your wall will add so much character to your space.
You can find some pretty amazing maps online and I bet your local flea market is full of them! The older the better. Garage sales are also a good place to find vintage maps and globes.
To hang a map on your wall as art, use a simple frame or one of those old school holders with strings. This post by Apartment Therapy has lots of great tips for hanging and framing large maps.
Go ahead and add some explorers' wisdom to your space!
[Image credit: Ameris]
Tagged:
Image copyright Alamy
Neither synonymous with glamour nor a byword for luxury, England's best motorway service stations have been unveiled after a comprehensive survey... but the services from hell are named and shamed too.
Transport Focus conducted the study of 112 pit-stops.
In compiling the list, the travel watchdog questioned 8,700 customers on key factors including staffing, food and the all-important lavatories.
Perhaps surprisingly, the same company. Moto, operates service stations at both extremes of the ranking.
The M4's Reading Services Westbound takes the crown for the country's best stop-off - with a customer satisfaction score of 100%.
But bottom of the pile came Heston Services Eastbound, with a rating of 62%.
The west London respite - which turns 50 next year - is the subject of scathing Google reviews.
'Pretty rank'
One described it as "dirty, old and tired", while another said it was the "worst motorway services I've ever been to".
Toilets are condemned as "pretty rank", while another reviewer advised: "Keep going, you are nearly in London."
The best of the best
1. Reading Services Westbound - M4 in Berkshire
2. Rivington Services Northbound - M61 in Bolton, Lancashire
3. Corley Services Northbound - M6 in Warwickshire
4. Gloucester Services Southbound - M5 in Gloucestershire
5. Gloucester Services Northbound - M5 in Gloucestershire
The worst of the bunch
108. Toddington Services Southbound - M1 in Bedfordshire
109. Rownhams Services Northbound - M27 in Southampton, Hampshire
110. Rownhams Services Southbound - M27 in Southampton, Hampshire
111. Stafford Services Southbound - M6 in Staffordshire
112. Heston Services Eastbound - M4 in Hounslow, Middlesex
Image copyright Alamy Image caption Gloucester Services Southbound were rated highly
A spokesman for Moto, which operates Heston and Reading services, said: "We're disappointed that the visit to Heston East was done in the middle of building works, although we recognise that in this instance we haven't done as well as we should have done.
"It's only fair to point out that Heston East is one of the smallest service areas on the motorway network and so is unable to provide many of the facilities we have at our larger sites."
AA president Edmund King said: "British drivers have a love/hate relationship with service areas.
"For some people, being able to get a decent, discounted coffee is all they ask for - and that might just enhance their safety."
Image copyright PA Image caption Heston Services Eastbound were rated the worst service station in England
Transport Focus chief executive Anthony Smith said: "Our research shows that up and down the country motorway services are providing customers with a good experience and are playing a positive role.
"They tell us they feel less stressed and are more awake after a good break.
"Motorway service operators must not rest on their laurels, however."
Transport Minister John Hayes said: "Motorways services can and should be lovely places for drivers to enjoy - not just places they have to stop.
"Congratulations to those scoring the most highly. They show what can be done."
Which motorway service stations do you love or hate and why? Share your views and experiences by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.
Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also contact us in the following ways:
One-quarter of American households -- about 60 million people -- have limited or no access to banks or other traditional financial services, with low-income and black families among the hardest hit, according to a government report released Wednesday.
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. survey of so-called unbanked and underbanked consumers marks the government's most comprehensive effort to quantify a population that has existed largely below the radar of federal regulations and financial institutions. The report found that nearly 22 percent of black households and 71 percent of families earning less than $30,000 do not use banks. In addition, 41 percent of unbanked households felt they were unlikely to open an account in the future.
"Our challenge is to make sure that banks have the appropriate range of products and services that meet the needs of all people," FDIC Chairman Sheila Bair said.
The report defined unbanked households as those without checking or savings accounts. Underbanked households might have checking and savings accounts, but they rely on alternative financial services such as check cashers, payday loans and pawn shops. Such families are often vulnerable to theft and can often struggle to establish credit histories and financial security, the report said.
About 6 percent of households surveyed in the Washington region are unbanked, while 15 percent are underbanked, ranking 20th on the FDIC's list of metropolitan areas with high percentages of such consumers. Atlanta came in first with 9 percent unbanked and 19 percent underbanked, and Baltimore was second.
Many unbanked consumers feel they do not have enough money to open an account, the report found. Meanwhile, it showed underbanked consumers hunt out alternative sources for credit, such as payday lenders and pawn shops, because they are more likely to qualify for a loan and the locations are more convenient.
"A lot of this is a product of rational economic decision-making," Bair said.
Consumer advocates have long pushed for greater oversight of the alternative financial services, arguing that they charge exorbitant interest rates and fees. But industry groups say they have increased transparency of the terms of their services and that their fees reflect the risks in their business. The proposed Consumer Financial Protection Agency currently under debate in Congress would have broad authority to set new national standards for the non-bank financial service providers and investigate complaints -- bringing the industry under the eye of a federal agency for the first time. On Wednesday, Sen. Herb Kohl (D-Wis.) proposed legislation aimed at encouraging banks to compete with payday lenders and provide small, short-term loans to unbanked and underbanked consumers. The legislation would establish a federal fund to guarantee up to 60 percent of those loans. In return, banks must cap the loans at $2,500 and the interest rates at 36 percent, among other requirements.
"As we consider changes to our financial system, we should include reforms that will help increase access to many of those who are left out," Kohl said in a statement.
Welcome to the latest edition of the Bleeding Green Nation mailbag. Each week I'll be taking some of your Eagles questions and answering them in this post. As always, thanks to everyone who sent in a question. We already answered some of your questions during the BGN Facebook Live session I hosted. (Shameless plug: please like on the BGN Facebook page and the BGN Radio Facebook page.) Watch the Q&A below:
Live Eagles Q&A! Send BLG your questions. Don't forget to check out our podcast FB page: BGN Radio. Posted by Bleeding Green Nation: For Philadelphia Eagles Fans on Sunday, February 19, 2017
We also answered some of your questions on the latest episode of BGN Radio (click here to listen). And now it's time for some of the inquiries we didn't already address. Let's get started.
@j_delacruz8 asks: How would you feel if the Eagles took a cornerback in the first and second rounds of the 2017 NFL Draft?
Assuming the cornerback they take in each round is the top player on their board, I'm totally fine with it. It would be great if the Eagles could fix their never-ending cornerback issues with just two picks in one draft. The next coming of the Lito Sheppard and Sheldon Brown era? Sign me up.
I hardly think the Eagles have to double-dip at corner like that. Getting at least one within the first two rounds seems ideal though.
For more cornerback coverage, check out the options Dave Mangels profiled recently: early round prospects | mid-to-late round prospects.
@Dan_a_EaglesFan asks: Is wide receiver the biggest need for the Eagles in free agency? Is cornerback the biggest need in the draft? Thoughts?
I think that's the perfect way to put it, Dan. The Eagles desperately need immediate help at wide receiver. They should sign multiple pass catchers. They can't just rely on a first round pick to be the savior.
The Eagles also have an immediate need at cornerback, but they don't need stop-gap options there. After failing to have cornerback continuity for so long now, it's time the Eagles draft and develop some long-term fixes at the position.
@JuanLGalaviz asks: It's gone rather quiet that Carson Wentz started all 16 games. How vital was it for him/team because of it?
Wentz starting all 16 games was special just because it feels like it's been forever since the Eagles have had that happen. The last time was Donovan McNabb in 2008. It goes without saying that having continuity at quarterback is imperative to having success in the NFL.
The playing experience did Wentz good. Now he has a full offseason to study what went wrong and what he needs to improve.
Throughout the season I saw people criticize Wentz for not showing enough development throughout the year. First, I don't fully agree with that assessment. Obviously the numbers weren't awesome but I think his pocket presence really improved by the end of the year. Re-watch the final four games and you see him masterfully eluding defenders while in the pocket.
The most important phase in Wentz's development is bound to take place this offseason. Players typically make their biggest jump from Year 1 to Year 2. The fact that Wentz has a lot of his experience under his belt could help accelerate his growth.
@camashta4 asks: Will Howie Roseman finally be fired in 2022 after only making playoffs once in 12 years?
The Eagles already made the playoffs twice in the Roseman era but they haven't won a single playoff game during his tenure. But I understand the sentiment behind this question: will Roseman ever be gone? Sometimes I feel like he's going to be here forever, honestly. For better or worse.
One would think Roseman would be gone if the combination of Doug Pederson and Carson Wentz turns out to be a total flop.
One thing that might help Roseman's longevity is the fact Joe Douglas is supposedly taking over personnel control, so that could shift blame away from Roseman again. But then again Roseman is credited with the Douglas hire, so ... that shouldn't be a valid excuse.
This is an important offseason for the Eagles. If they don't get it right, Pederson and Wentz will suffer. And ultimately Roseman will (or at least should) as well.
@DevilDan09 asks: Re-sign Bennie Logan? Who fits best in free agency? What running back would fit best from the draft? Is Jim Schwartz overrated?
1 - I think the Eagles should re-sign Logan. I don't think his price will be unreasonable as some are expecting. But I'd lean towards it not happening if I had to guess.
2 - Virtually any free agent wide receiver is a great fit for the Eagles in free agency because they just need so much help at the position. Kenny Stills seems to be a great fit in the sense he's on the younger side and he has the deep speed the Eagles desire.
3 - Dalvin Cook is the obvious answer, but I don't think the Eagles go running back in the first. So I'll say Christian McCaffrey as the more realistic option. Andy Reid's offense always featured pass catching running backs. I like his fit in Philly.
4 - I think Jim Schwartz is properly rated. He's a good defensive coordinator. He's not elite, but he's good. The Eagles defense wasn't as bad as some made it out to be last year. Philadelphia allowed the fewest touchdowns of any team at home last season. Schwartz's unit ranked fourth in DVOA. The Eagles ranked 12th best in terms of points allowed per drive. The Eagles ranked tied for 16th in sacks, tied for ninth in interceptions, tied for eight in forced fumbles, and tied for third in defensive touchdowns scored. You could certainly do a lot worse.
@Angrypants24 asks: Which player would you pick to stay and continue developing for the Eagles, Bryce Treggs or Paul Turner?
If I could only pick one, I'm taking P.T. Cruiser. The reality is both players aren't likely to amount to much in the NFL. But I like what I've seen out of Turner more than I like what I've seen out of Treggs. Not to mention there was that report out there that drew Treggs' work ethic into question.
There's a good chance neither player even makes Philadelphia's roster in 2017. But I'd put Turner ahead of Treggs.
@JayLeadfoot asks: Hear anything on Alex McCalister's progression, think he pushes for a spot?
Haven't heard anything about him, but he definitely has a long way to go based on where he left off last summer. Jim Schwartz talked about how McCalister needs to add a lot more weight, so hopefully for his sake that's something he's worked on.
I think he's still a long shot to make the team. He might end up spending the season on the practice squad.
@ljssurfing asks: Will Jahlil Okafor be an Eagles fan after he's traded?
Jah is from Chicago so I imagine he's been a bear fan all this time. But I don't care who he roots for. Just get the guy out of here already.
In pictures: 25 years since the fall of the Berlin Wall
Updated
November 9, 2014, marks the 25th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall.
The 155km, 3.6-metre-high wall separated East and West Berliners for 28 years, from August 1961 until November 1989.
Along its length were more than 300 watchtowers and 20 bunkers, thousands of soldiers, guard dogs, alarms, ditches to trap vehicles, and a no man's land that varied in width from around 300 metres to the width of a street.
Despite these preventative measures, many attempted to cross the wall. Exact numbers are uncertain but it is understood that around 5,000 people crossed the wall successfully and more than 130 died in the attempt.
Motorcycle police watch workers lay bricks during the construction of the Berlin Wall in August 1961.(AFP)
East German tanks assemble in front of the Friedrichstrasse train station with their guns pointed west, August 1961.(AFP)
Gunter Litfin, the first person to be shot whilst attempting to escape across the Berlin Wall, is moved by East German guards, August 24, 1961.(AFP)
Four-year-old Michael Finder of East Germany is tossed by his father, Willy Finder, into a net held by residents across the border in West Berlin, October , 1961. Mr Finder then made the jump himself. (AFP)
East German guard Conrad Schumann leaps over barbed wire into West Berlin days after construction began on the wall. (CIA photo)
West Berliners wave to friends and family across the Berlin Wall, September 1961. (CIA photo)
A car drives between US tanks across the famous Berlin Wall crossing point at Checkpoint Charlie, October 1961. (AFP)
Men on the western side of the Berlin Wall talk to their girlfriends behind a fence at the train station Stettiner Bahnhof in Berlin, Germany, August 1961. (AFP: Gunter Bratke/DPA)
The Berlin Wall at the Bernauer Strasse in East Berlin (Soviet sector), June 1968. (AFP)
A section of no man's land, marking the border between East (Soviet sector) and West Berlin (American sector), April 1984. (AFP: Joel Robine)
People in West Berlin (American sector) look over the Berlin Wall, October 1976. (AFP)
West Berliners continue their vigil atop the Berlin Wall in front of the Brandenburg Gate, November 10, 1989. (Reuters)
West Berliners crowd in front of the Berlin Wall and watch as East German border guards demolish a section of the wall near the Potsdamer Square in order to open a new crossing point, November 11, 1989. (AFP: Gerard Malie)
A section of the Berlin Wall is lifted by a crane as East Germany starts to dismantle the Berlin Wall near the Brandenburg Gate. (AFP)
Celebrations in front of the Berlin Wall at the Brandenburg Gate after the fall of the wall. (AFP: Gerard Malie)
People from East Germany greet West German residents at the Berlin Wall in front of the Brandenburg Gate. (AFP: Patrick Herzog)
East and West Berliners meet at Potsdamer Platz after the Berlin Wall was torn down to make way for a new border crossing, November 12, 1989. (Reuters)
An East German border guard stamps the passport of an exiled East German woman after the Berlin Wall fell. (AFP: Patrick Hertzog)
An East German border soldier looks at a man hammering a section of the Berlin Wall near Checkpoint Charlie. (Reuters: Fabrizio Bensch)
People look through a preserved segment of the Berlin Wall near the memorial site at Bernauer Strasse in Berlin, August 2010. (AFP: Johannes Eisele)
The photos of some of those killed as they tried to cross the Berlin Wall are displayed at memorial site at Bernauer Strasse in Berlin. (AFP: Johannes Eisele)
Topics: history, world-politics, germany
First posted
The associate superintendent of Virtual Instruction for the Georgia Department of Education was recently fired after posting numerous racist and homophobic comments on Facebook, according to Atlanta's NBC affiliate 11 Alive
11 Alive reported that Jeremy Spencer circulated news from right wing websites and in one post Spencer apparently made a joke about “gay people and poles”. Further, in a January 1st posting on Facebook, Spencer chided those who compared underperforming American students with their counterparts in Finland: “If I read one more thing about the Finland education system….not everybody in the US public schools are WHITE.”
ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads
Better Georgia Executive Director Bryan Long was quoted by 11 Alive as saying Spencer “doesn't think Georgia students can compete with students in other countries because we have non-white students here. That is a vile and racist thought and he should not be in charge of creating curriculum in Georgia.”
According to 11 Alive, Jeremy Spencer was hired in 2015 and made $73,697.30 a year.
State Superintendent Richard Woods released a statement that sought to distance the department from Spencer's racist rants: “Like most people, I was disheartened and disgusted to see the posts made by Mr. Spencer on his Facebook page. These posts in no way reflect my opinions, or those of the Department of Education.”
The Georgia Department of Education presides over 1.7 million students and over 100,000 educators.
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the seventh circuit ruled on Monday that states that don't take in Syrian refugees are guilty of illegal discrimination.
In the court order, Indiana Gov. and GOP Vice Presidential candidate Mike Pence was issued a judicial rebuke for his role in halting the resettlement of refugees in Indiana.
Judge Posner wrote for the three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit, that Indiana should not be allowed to refuse the resettlement of refugees as they would then be pawned off on other states.
The Washington Times reported:
Mr. Pence, a first-term governor, had sought to beg out of the Syrian refugee program in 2015. He issued an order directing that his state refuse to cooperate with federal resettlement. Indiana also pressured local nonprofits who assist in resettlement to refuse Syrians. But the appeals court rejected that, saying it amounted to singling out a nationality, which violates equal protection guarantees in the Constitution.
Since when are Syrians granted the protections of the U.S. Constitution — protections that are supposed to be for citizens? Oh wait, we already absurdly afford those rights to illegal immigrants, so there's precedent for this insanity.
According to Posner, these refugees aren't more dangerous and even if they are, well, tough luck. “Federal law does not allow a governor to deport to other states immigrants he deems dangerous,” Posner wrote, and told Pence to basically take it up with federal lawmakers.
As of Friday, the last day of the fiscal year, the Obama administration admitted 12,587 Syrian refugees which outstripped its stated goal of 10,000.
The Washington Times reported:
Judge Posner, who has earned a reputation as a crusading jurist, said he has discovered no evidence in the public record of any Syrian refugees who have been arrested or prosecuted for terrorist acts in the U.S. The judge did not address the case of a Younis Al-Jayab, charged in January after authorities said he traveled to Syria and fought with Ansar al-Islam. Mr. Al-Jayab was an Iraqi, but he was approved as a refugee while living in Syria in 2012.
He also didn't take a look at the damage done throughout Europe. We have a prime example there, particularly in Germany, of what happens when Western countries take in waves of refugees from the Middle East…and it isn't good.
But why should Judge Posner concern himself with that; he won't be living next to them.
As far as “illegal discrimination” goes, it's interesting that there are sanctuary cities in this country that actively flout federal law and endanger American citizens, but when Pence and others attempt to protect citizens they are accused of “illegal discrimination.”
ALERT: How To Be Sure To Continue Seeing Our Content On Facebook.
Facebook has greatly reduced the distribution of our stories in our readers' newsfeeds and is instead promoting mainstream media sources. When you share to your friends, however, you greatly help distribute our content. Please take a moment and consider sharing this article with your friends and family. Thank you.
I've been studying psychology and self-improvement for many years now.
A lot of my research includes getting into the minds of happy and successful people (by asking questions and observing their behavior), and then trying to determine what it is that makes them the way they are.
One thing I've noticed about almost every single happy and successful person is that they share a lot of the same attitudes and beliefs about life.
I've carefully examined people from all different professions – actors, scientists, comedians, business owners, athletes, musicians, etc. – and often times the one's who are the most happy and successful are also the ones who share very similar philosophies.
Here are some of the fundamental attitudes and beliefs that I believe contribute to their happiness and success.
1. Failure is a part of learning
This is one of the most commonly recited mantras in self-improvement – but for good reason. Individuals who see their mistakes and failures as a learning experience are much more prone to happiness and success.
When we adopt the belief that “failure is a part of learning,” we become more resilient and courageous in the face of new challenges.
Instead of avoiding situations where we may embarrass ourselves or temporarily hurt our self-esteem, we embrace these challenges in life, even when we know they can be risky and painful.
When we do fail, we don't see it as the end of the world, but a point to grow from and improve upon. Here are some of my favorite quotes illustrating this concept:
“I didn't fail a thousand times, I only found a thousand ways that don't work.” Thomas Edison
“I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.” Michael Jordan
“Failure is the foundation of success, and the means by which it is achieved. Success is the lurking-place of failure; but who can tell when the turning-point will come?” Lao Tzu
2. Focus on solutions, not just problems
Many people are great at finding problems and being critical about their lives; however, they do this without ever suggesting a possible solution or alternative to their situation.
They complain about this and that, but they never take an active role to actually improve these things. They focus on problems not to learn from them or fix them, but to make excuses for why their lives are miserable and unpleasant.
I believe acknowledging problems in life is important. I don't recommend that we ignore things in our life that disturb us or make us unhappy. However, it's also important to think of ways we can actually respond to these problems and change our circumstances.
Ruminating over problems in our life without a plan to take action is not only a waste of time, but it makes us even more sad and depressed. If you're going to be critical about something in your life, focus on the ways you can actually make a difference.
Happy and successful people only think about problems when they are looking to improve them. They do not use them as excuses or self-deprecating banter.
“Focus 90% of your time on solutions and only 10% of your time on problems.” Anthony D'Angelo
“I believe that if you show people the problems and you show them the solutions they will be moved to act.” Bill Gates
“Looking back, I realize that nurturing curiosity and the instinct to seek solutions are perhaps the most important contributions education can make.” Paul Berg
3. Be grateful for what you have
Happy and successful people are incredibly grateful for their lives and everything they have: their relationships, their home, their job, their possessions, their talents, their achievements, etc.
Although successful people are often thought of as always hungry and striving – always trying to improve things, achieve their goals, and make things better – this inner drive doesn't take away from the fact they are very happy and content with their lives.
One of my favorite things to do is watch successful people give thank you speeches after achieving something really great. This is when their true colors shine through because you can tell many of them are extremely grateful for all the people and good fortune that contributed to their success.
Gratitude is an irreplaceable characteristic of true happiness and success. Even if we achieve great things in life, without gratitude we often find ourselves empty and discontent. Make sure you take the time to reflect on how lucky you are as a person (I believe everyone can find something to be grateful for).
“He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has.” Epictetus
“At times our own light goes out and is rekindled by a spark from another person. Each of us has cause to think with deep gratitude of those who have lighted the flame within us.” Albert Schweitzer
“Develop an attitude of gratitude, and give thanks for everything that happens to you, knowing that every step forward is a step toward achieving something bigger and better than your current situation.” Brian Tracy
4. See the bigger picture
Happy and successful people have an uncanny ability to put things into perspective and see the “bigger picture.” They rarely get caught in the heat-of-the-moment or act impulsively. Instead they are calm, centered, and understanding that there is much more to the world then what immediately meets the eye.
If something goes wrong in their life, they don't get too upset because they know that life goes in phases, and there will always be highs and lows. No single moment in life can ever define you because you are a dynamic individual in a dynamic world.
On the other hand, people who can't see the “bigger picture” often get overwhelmed and flustered when something goes wrong. They are too narrowly focused in the moment, and not taking the time to step back and see the larger view of what's happening.
“In order to properly understand the big picture, everyone should fear becoming mentally clouded and obsessed with one small section of truth.” Xun Zi
“I always had a larger view. I'm interested in real life – my family, my friends. I have tried never to define myself by my success, whatever that is. My happiness is way beyond roles and awards.” Amy Adams
“We think too small. Like the frog at the bottom of the well. He thinks the sky is only as big as the top of the well. If he surfaced, he would have an entirely different view.” Mao Tse-Tung
5. Learn from other happy and successful brains
Happy and successful individuals know that we can learn a lot from other happy and successful individuals. Having people to look up to is a great resource for learning the beliefs and habits that contribute to other people's success, and then modeling those beliefs and habits in our own lives.
If you want to improve a particular area of your life, then find a couple people who already excel in that area of life. Study them. Ask them questions. Have them show you their technique and share their stories.
The more willing you are to learn from others (especially people who are more skilled or intelligent than you), the more successful you will be. Talking and listening to others is one of the best ways to get more perspective into what you want to improve in life – and how you can do it.
“People never improve unless they look to some standard or example higher and better than themselves.” Tyron Edwards
“The best teachers of humanity are the lives of great men.” Charles H. Fowler
“Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.” Mark Twain
Stay updated on new articles and resources in psychology and self improvement:
A rookie coach forms a team of amateurs and they become the world's best team in 3 years.
It is interesting that such a thing has happened in the eSports scene. The fact it has means that coach Choi “Edgar” Woo-beom has accomplished a great achievement. Coach Edgar led the team to the World Championship in 3 years, after first becoming head coach for Samsung Galaxy. He had been in one team for 15 years; from player to coach, coach to head coach.
Did he think that he would be so successful when he first became head coach?
RELATED: [Interview] SSG Crown: "After Worlds, I was considering the idea of retiring."
“Success?”
Coach Edgar smiled.
“At first I didn't have the time to think about anything like that. When I first became head coach, we didn't have a single player or coach. I had to fill the roster quickly, and it was lucky that we were able to compete in the season.
After completing the roster, I did think that even when we were fighting as underdogs, things were going well with the team. Watching the players grow, I thought that with time, everything would become better.
Actually, I didn't think about success or failure as a head coach. I always thought about what I could do to make the kids better, because my success will come from their success.”
The path of Samsung Galaxy was dramatic all the way. Starting from being the underdog of the LCK, becoming a favorite after signing Kang “Ambition” Chan-yong, getting to Worlds, and winning it all. What did coach Edgar think his key to success was?
“My players listen well to what the coaches say, and I speak in a stern voice when I think it is needed. (Laughs) When my players don't do what the coaches tell them to do, I ask them to just try first.
Isn't that the proper way? If the coaching staff tells players what to do, and the players don't listen, there's no point to having a coaching staff. The players can do everything on their own. If a player has a different opinion, like if they want to play a different champion, that player needs to get approval from the other teammates. Players feel the strong champions while they play together. We need to play the champions whose win rates are high, and the ones that all teammates agree on.”
Coach Edgar always says that the team comes before the players. His method of coaching was focused on ‘one team'. Five people with different thoughts; it's the coach's role to bring them together.
“I tried hard to set a good example. If practice begins at 1 o'clock, I sat at the practice room waiting before 1, I saw more videos than the players, more solo-q's and I did more research. Actually, watching videos in detail is quite tiring. Some people don't watch as thoroughly, too.
I told the players only the information that was genuinely good. That way, the players understand what is good about that while playing themselves. Trust sprouted from the little parts like that.
I also have a rule when managing players. Do not be late for practice. You know, it's natural, not being late. The players can learn more when players scrim with a clear mind, but if they start playing as soon as they wake up, not much will be left. At first, the players had a hard time, but it got better.
Another rule is: do not blame others. Never. Losing is alright, but the teamwork shatters when/if they blame each other. Of course, that player may have been the cause of the loss, but I think it's better when it's not said. All the feedback I give is just these basic things.”
Another virtue a head coach needs is being able to see the potential of the players. Seeing the potential that a player has, and bringing out that potential, filling in the parts of the team that are lacking. Coach Edgar proved that over the years, by discovering many players.
“I watched a lot of games, solo-q, challengers. I have three standards when I pick players. First is the number of games played, second is the number of champions he can play, and the third is his rank points. I think there's no point to the rank points when it's above a certain level.
The reason I prioritize the number of games played is simple: he's putting a lot of effort into playing the game. For example, with the equal amount of time given, someone plays 600 games, and another plays 1400. Of course the one who played fewer games could be better, but I think that the latter has a higher possibility of becoming better. If he has the talent and has the effort, he'll be the best.
The number of champions is important in the professional scene. There are many people who play 2-3 champions to raise their rank, but that's useless in the pro scene. Someone who can be successful in the pro scene, needs to be good at all champions.”
Coach Edgar spoke on the many traits of his players. The talent Park “Ruler” Jae-hyuk has, the enthusiastic calls of Cho “CoreJJ” Yong-in, the effort of Lee “Crown” Min-ho, appraising the veteran Kang “Ambition” Chan-yong and his trust with Lee “CuVee” Sung-jin. The detailed description of his players illustrated his affection towards them.
“At first, I really had a hard time. I endured it well, I think. The preliminary to Worlds from last year was a good experience for our team, it made our team change. It was like a miracle, we beat a team that we had never beaten before.
I sometimes still watch that match when I'm going through hard times. I showed my players the same video when we had a bad performance at Worlds saying, ‘Look! We were this good!'
I'm worried a lot about the players. I'm afraid that they may become content and lazy. I also feel more pressure than before, since there's no place above here. We have to make it to Worlds at least, but that itself isn't easy. In that matter, I think that the coaching staff of SKT T1 is really outstanding. They've been doing their job with this pressure for several years.
We'll do our best, since all the other teams will, too. It's important to keep up the hard work, and not be arrogant. I'm thankful to everybody; it was such a happy year. I'm thankful for the fans, who came such a long way to cheer us on, the coaches, players, staff, my wife who was always helpful to me whenever I had a hard time. I'm also thankful for the teams who scrimmed with us when we were the underdogs, too.”
A man hiking on the Appalachian Trail recollects the loves and losses he's experienced throughout his 128 years in Robinson's (Life in Continuum, 2012, etc.) epic drama.
In 2087, Carlton Jeffries is documenting his long life. He's on the Appalachian Trail with his dog, Sam, having thru-hiked it twice before. Born in Tennessee in 1958, Carlton grows into a teenager who finds young love to be sometimes fleeting. He endures a dispirited marriage and spiteful divorce but ultimately starts a family. His unusually lengthy lifespan, however, means that he has to watch people die, including his grandchildren, and reside in a country whose government has all but crumbled. Robinson's novel, boasting nearly 750 pages, is ample in its historical details. Most events, such as Sen. Robert Kennedy's assassination or the 1986 Challenger tragedy, are like background music, enriching the story without directly affecting its protagonist. But others have considerable impact, such as when loved ones don't return from war. The easy-to-follow tale bounces from 2087 to a chronological account of Carlton's life and his previous times hiking the trail—once in 1976 as a teenager and then, later, when he's almost 50. Even the loyal Sam has his own timeline: in the 1970s, Carlton gets a puppy named Langley, who, as it turns out, is Sam's ancestor. Later chapters in the future setting are downright dystopian but undeniably fascinating: noteworthy occurrences include Congress granting power to individual states, resulting in Carlton needing a passport to travel outside of Tennessee, and a ghastly new source of fuel. The Appalachian Trail, meanwhile, is the narrative's constant; Carlton meets and falls in love with Judith during his first hike, and he eventually shares his veneration of the trail with his daughter, Rachel. The story's so expansive that readers will grow attached to Carlton, even if he's occasionally at fault for his severed relationships. It can be a depressing affair since he outlives so many people, but Robinson's ability to generate an emotional response is without question.
The literary equivalent of the titular trail: it takes time to reach the end, but the trek is worth it.
A few weeks ago we saw the Droid X on the Verizon Website, then we checked out its brilliant teaser and finally we know everything about the Motorola Droid X. This much awaited Android smartphone has been official revealed and is all set to hit the Verizon store on the 15th of July at $199.
The phone is going to run the usual $199 after the $100 rebate and the unlimited plan will cost you and extra $29.99 every month. It also supports an optional tethering plan which will cost an extra $19.99 a month so that you can connect Wi-Fi devices over the phone. The data plan would be unlimited however the tethering is capped at 2GB and will cost 5 cents for every extra MB you use.
The Motorola Droid X is less than a month away and is all set to launch on July 15, 2010 and anyone who has an upgrade date of 2010 can upgrade to this Android phone. The original Motorola Droid has done great for Verizon and I believe it will again live up to its glory.
Motorola Droid X Specifications:
4.3-inch Screen (854 x 480)
720p Video Recording
8 megapixel camera with Dual LED Flash
HDMI Output
1 GHz Processor
Android 2.1 (Eclair) with Android 2.2 (Froyo) upgrade later in summer
New changed MotoBlur
8GB Internal memory, will ship with 16GB microSD
3 microphones one used for voice cancellation
Will ship with Swype
Source: Android Police
Since our last episode, the crisis in Greece has escalated further. Negotiations between the government and its creditors collapsed over the weekend, and restrictions on bank withdrawals will now follow.
The next step is for the government to issue the equivalent of IOUs to pay salaries and pensions. The country is seemingly on the slippery slope to exiting the euro.
Many of us doubted that it would come to this. In particular, I doubted that it would come to this.
Nearly a decade ago, I analyzed scenarios for a country leaving the eurozone. I concluded that this was exceedingly unlikely to happen. The probability of a Grexit, or any Otherexit, I confidently asserted, was vanishingly small.
My friend and UC Berkeley colleague Brad DeLong regularly reminds us of the need to “mark our views to market.” So where did this prediction go wrong?
Why a euro exit didn't make sense
My analysis was based on a comparison of economic costs and benefits of a country exiting the euro. The costs, I concluded, would be severe and heavily front-loaded.
Raising the possibility, however remote, of exit from the euro would ignite a bank run in said country. The authorities would be forced to shutter the financial system. Economic activity would grind to a halt. Losing access to not just their savings but also imported petrol, medicines and foodstuffs, angry citizens would take to the streets.
Not only would any subsequent benefits, by comparison, be delayed, but they would be disappointingly small.
With the government printing money to finance its spending, inflation would accelerate, and any improvement in export competitiveness due to depreciation of the newly reintroduced national currency would prove ephemeral.
In Greece's case, moreover, there is the problem that the country's leading export, refined petroleum, is priced in dollars and relies on imported oil, which is also priced in dollars. So much for the advantages of a depreciated currency.
Agricultural exports for their part will take several harvests to ramp up. And attracting more tourists won't be easy against a drumbeat of political unrest.
What went wrong?
How did Greece end up in this pickle? Some say that the specter of a bank run was no longer a deterrent to exit once that bank run started anyway due to the deep depression into which the Greek economy had sunk.
But what is remarkable is how the so-called bank run remained a jog – it was still perfectly manageable until the Greek government called its referendum on the terms of the bail out deal offered by international creditors, negotiations broke down and exit became a real possibility.
Nonperforming loans — ones that are in default or close to it — were already rising, to be sure, but the banks still had all the liquidity they needed. The European Central Bank supported the Greek banking system with emergency liquidity assistance (ELA) right up to the very end of June. Only when Greece stopped negotiating did the Central Bank stop increasing ELA. And only then did a full-fledged bank run break out.
So I stand by the economic argument. Where I need to mark my views to market, however, is for underestimating the role of politics. In particular, I underestimated the extent of political incompetence – not just of the Greek government but even more so of its creditors.
In January Syriza had run on a platform of no more spending cuts or tax increases but also of keeping the euro. It should have anticipated that some compromise would be needed to square this circle. In the event, that realization was strangely late in coming.
And Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras and his government should have had the courage of its convictions. If it was unwilling to accept the creditors' final offer, then it should have stated its refusal, pure and simple. If it preferred to continue negotiating, then it should have continued negotiating. The decision to call a referendum in midstream only heightened uncertainty. It was a transparent effort to evade responsibility. It was the action of leaders more interested in retaining office than in minimizing the cost to the country of the crisis.
A hard lesson learned
Still, this incompetence pales in comparison with that of the European Commission, the ECB and the IMF.
The three institutions opposed debt restructuring in 2010 when the crisis still could have been resolved at low cost. They continued to resist it in 2015, when a debt write-down was the obvious concession to Mr Tsipras & Company. The cost would have been small. Pretending instead that Greece's debts could be repaid hardly enhanced their credibility.
Instead, the creditors first calculated the size of the primary budget surpluses that Greece would have to run in order to hypothetically repay its debt. They then required the government to raise taxes and cut spending sufficiently to produce those surpluses.
They ignored the fact that, in so doing, they consigned the country to an even deeper depression. By privileging their own balance sheets, they got the Greek government and the outcome they deserved.
The implication is clear. Never underestimate the ability of politicians to do the wrong thing. I will try to remember next time.
Image copyright EPA Image caption Newly elected Speaker Henry Ramos Allup said: "Here and now, things will change."
Venezuela's Supreme Court has ruled all actions of the opposition-held National Assembly are void until three banned members are removed from office.
The decision comes after the assembly swore in the three opposition members, who had been suspended by the court.
The court said the ruling applied to all acts that have been taken or will be taken by the current assembly.
The move is likely to escalate the political turmoil gripping the crisis-hit country.
Four lawmakers were barred by the Supreme Court - three from the opposition and one allied with the government - after the Socialist Party alleged irregularities during last month's vote for a new congress.
The opposition claimed the the ruling was designed to strip it of a so-called "super-majority" in the assembly and swore in the three barred members. The supermajority gives the opposition extra powers such as removing judges from the top court.
That prompted the court to retaliate by declaring the assembly's decisions void. It said in a statement: "Decisions taken or to be taken by the National Assembly while these citizens are incorporated will be absolutely null."
The four legislators are all from the rural and sparsely populated southwestern state of Amazonas.
"The logical, sane and democratic step is for the National Assembly's leadership to revoke the swearing-in of these lawmakers," said the Socialist Party deputy leader and former National Assembly President Diosdado Cabello.
"If the National Assembly is in contempt, nobody is going to recognize it," he said.
The legislature was to sit on Tuesday, and the opposition bloc was planning to table an amnesty law for jailed activists, and government legislators intended to propose a declaration of "national emergency" over the economic crisis.
Venezuela's Supreme Court has almost always ruled in favour of the government during the last 17 years of socialist rule under President Nicolas Maduro and his predecessor, Hugo Chavez.
Pope Francis has set out his desire to find a "new balance" in the Catholic church, calling for greater involvement of women in key decisions and a less condemnatory approach towards gay people, divorcees and women who have had an abortion.
In a wide-ranging interview with an Italian Jesuit journal, the Pope calls for the Catholic church, the world's largest Christian church with 1.2bn members, to face up to the need for reform. Offering a dramatic contrast to the traditional conservative approach of his predecessor, Benedict XVI, Francis says the first reform must be one of "attitude", adding that unless a new balance is found, "the moral edifice of the church is likely to fall like a house of cards".
The Pope urges Catholics to show "audacity and courage" in their approach to people who, in the past, have been given short shrift by the church, including those who "do not attend mass, who have quit or are indifferent".
Asked how he would respond to Catholics who are divorced or remarried or gay, he replies: "I used to receive letters from homosexual persons who are 'socially wounded', because they tell me that they feel like the church has always condemned them. But the church does not want to do this."
He goes on: "A person once asked me, in a provocative manner, if I approved of homosexuality. I replied with another question: 'Tell me: when God looks at a gay person, does he endorse the existence of this person with love, or reject and condemn this person?' We must always consider the person … In life, God accompanies persons, and we must accompany them, starting from their situation."
Upon his election in March, Pope Francis, or Jorge Mario Bergoglio as he was born in Buenos Aires to Italian parents, was presented as a new start for a church still reeling from paedophilia scandals as well as the Hitler Youth past that dogged his predecessor. But the extent of the shift that Francis represents is only now becoming apparent.
"I have never been a rightwinger," the Pope says, admitting that when he was a younger man he had "an authoritarian and quick manner of making decisions" that led to "serious problems".
"Over time I learned many things."
The interview was conducted by Antonio Spadaro, editor of La Civilta Cattolica, an Italian Jesuit journal. He met the Pope three times in August, and his article, which was translated from Italian into English by a team of five independent experts, has been published in 16 countries.
Spadaro was treated to a rare audience inside the Pope's private living quarters in the Casa Santa Marta in the Vatican. The Pope has chosen to live in Room 207 in the Casa, rather than in the papal apartment in the Apostolic Palace, because he disliked the inverted funnel of the space: "It is big and spacious, but the entrance is really tight. People can come only in dribs and drabs, and I cannot live without people."
His living space is spartan and austere, with only a few things in it, including an icon of St Francis, a statue of the patron saint of his native Argentina, a crucifix and a statue of St Joseph asleep.
Asked by Spadaro the simple question: "Who is Jorge Mario Bergoglio?", the new pontiff says: "I am a sinner. This is the most accurate definition. It is not a figure of speech, a literary genre. I am a sinner."
Pope Francis does not offer any concrete changes of policy such as a willingness to see women enter the clergy or a loosening of the church's tough approach to contraception. But he does signal a radical change of approach from which solid reforms might follow.
On women, he begins by saying, quizzically, that he is wary of what he calls "female machismo", because "women have a different make-up from men". But he then goes on to say that he wants to "investigate further the role of women in the church … The feminine genius is needed wherever we make important decisions."
He raises the example of a woman with a failed marriage behind her who has had an abortion. She remarries, has five children, and is happy. "That abortion in her past weighs heavily on her conscience and she sincerely regrets it. She would like to move forward in her Christian life … We cannot insist only on issues related to abortion, gay marriage and the use of contraceptive methods. This is not possible … We have to talk about them in a context."
On gay Catholics, he adds flesh to the remarks he made in July when he said he would not judge a gay person seeking God. In the latest interview, the Pope adds that "God in creation has set us free: it is not possible to interfere spiritually in the life of a person."
In the course of the 11,000-word interview, the Pope also gives an insight into his personal tastes. He likes reading Dostoevsky and the German lyric poet Friedrich Holderlin, and has Alessandro Manzoni's historical novel The Betrothed, which he has already read three times, by his bed.
He admires the paintings of Caravaggio and Chagall, and adores listening to Mozart and Beethoven interpreted by the German conductor Wilhelm Furtwangler. His favourite films are La Strada by Fellini and Roberto Rossellini's wartime drama Rome, Open City.
Maybe God's Not Dead, but he'll probably wish he were when he learns about this lawsuit against the producers of the hokey franchise. According to The Wrap, Pure Flix Entertainment and co-founder David A.R. White are being sued for violating the eighth commandment, which The Simpsons or maybe Sunday school (and the New King James Bible) should have taught them is “Thou shalt not steal.” Screenwriters Kelly Monroe Kullberg and Michael Landon Jr. filed their suit on Monday, in which they claim that Pure Flix and White stole the premise for God's Not Dead 's from their screenplay for the unreleased film, Rise.
Landon Jr., whose father was Michael Landon of Little House On The Prairie fame, has been in the faith-based film business for a while, directing lots of films with “love” in the title for Hallmark Channel. And Kullberg has written about Finding God At Harvard (and After). Together, they wrote the screenplay for Rise, which they say tells the story of “a freshman at Harvard facing an environment hostile to her Christian faith” then said student “debates her professor three times on whether God exists.”
Advertisement
That's part of the plot of God's Not Dead, minus the “Professor Hercules converting to Christianity” bit, but the lawsuit's complaint enumerates other similarities, including “the theme, set-up, opportunity, turning point, change of plans, complications, set back, final push, climax and aftermath of the Rise screenplay and the God's Not Dead motion picture are the same.” Landon Jr. and Kullberg are seeking over $100 million, so if they win, they'll have more money than, you know.
[via Uproxx]
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
On Tuesday, rape victim Amanda Collins told a horrific story to a Colorado Senate committee considering the repeal of the Colorado law that allows concealed carry on college campuses. Ms. Collins was raped at her Nevada college that banned concealed carry. Although she had a legal permit, she was assaulted because she had obeyed the law and left her firearm at home. While she obeyed the Nevada legislature's no-guns-allowed policy, her rapist did not. He held a gun to her head as she was viciously attacked, as are 20 percent to 25 percent of college women who suffer rape or attempted rape, according to the CDC. Her rapist went on to rape two other women, and he murdered his third victim.
Ms. Collins told the committee she was confident she would have been able to stop the attack and thus the victimization of the other women if she'd had her firearm. Democratic Sen. Evie Hudak of Westminster, Colo., disagreed, declaring, “I just want to say that actually statistics are not on your side…the Colorado Coalition Against Gun Violence says that for every one woman who used a handgun to kill someone in self-defense, 83 were murdered by them.”
The deflated Ms. Collins was visibly shaken. You could see her thinking: Could it really be that bad? Would she only have had an 83-to-one chance of surviving if her Glock if had been readily at hand?
Actually, Ms. Hudak's stunning statistic was a total fabrication, spun from a Second Amendment-hating website called the Violence Policy Center (VPC), the arch enemy of gun rights. The website summarizes ancient 1998 FBI data that found 12 women had used handguns to kill their attackers that year, while 872 women had been murdered by a handgun wielded by an attacker. Yet these data are not linked and have absolutely no cause-and-effect relationship: Nowhere is it asserted that the women who were murdered by guns had used guns in self-defense.
Nor is it implied that any woman was shot when she had a gun wrestled from her and turned against her, as Ms. Hudak also claimed. In fact, the murdered women were unarmed. The women's male attackers were the ones with the guns, providing more ballast for Ms. Collins' argument for self-defense, and eviscerating Ms. Hudak's case for disarmament. Moreover, As Republican Colorado Sen. Greg Brophy has pointed out, there has never been an incident of shooting on a Colorado college campus, in all the years that concealed carry has been legal on campuses.
Nevertheless, this is the Violence Policy Center's (not the FBI's) deviously bizarre conclusion: In 1998, for every time a woman used a handgun to kill an intimate acquaintance in self-defense, 83 women were murdered by an intimate acquaintance with a handgun.
Apparently the Colorado Coalition Against Gun Violence handed Sen. Hudak and her Democrat cronies these useful talking points with which to further savage rape victims. Yet this group, which doesn't list a website or a phone number, doesn't seem to exist.
Ms. Hudak obviously based her opinion that concealed weapons “increase the severity of a crime; increase the likelihood of death” on the same bogus information, as did her allies on the Democrat-dominated committee that passed the bill 3 to 2 on party lines.
Later, when Ms. Hudak's statement unleashed a tornado of criticism, she defended the fraudulent stats as legitimate: “Amid this emotional testimony, my goal was to share research data about the increased danger of having a gun in an assault.”
Yet the very rational economists John Lott of Yale and William Landes of the University of Chicago examined the effect of gun control policies over several decades in their book, “More Guns, Less Crime: Understanding Crime and Gun Control Laws.” They looked at many of the remedies now being rushed through state legislatures crafted by NYC Mayor Michael Bloomberg's group, Mayors Against Illegal Guns — remedies like longer waiting periods or background checks or increased penalties. They found that only one public policy reduced mass shootings: laws permitting concealed carry.
It only makes sense that murderers are shy about frequenting places where they may be killed before they can accomplish their intended slaughter. That's why you typically won't find them shooting up police stations.
Yet Democrats, ever impervious to reason and logic, want to protect women from killers by disarming us. The Democratic lawmakers slammed all seven anti-gun bills through the committees after just a single day of public testimony, and now they go to the full Colorado Senate for a vote later this week.
Said Sen. Hudak after hearing one woman after another who had been raped or assaulted beg the committee to allow other women to defend themselves, “I feel so horrible for what some of these people have endured…. I am actually really looking out for their best interest.” As much as we appreciate your tender concern, Senator, let's make a deal: We'll look out for us – all you have to do is let us.
Joy Overbeck is a Colorado journalist and author.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
This Christmas will be like no other for Allen Hurns, the soft-spoken, anti-diva receiver who remains grateful for every waking minute he spends in the NFL.
Many people know about Hurns' football exploits, an undrafted player who had an instant impact for the Jaguars. His first two catches in his pro debut went for touchdowns against the Philadelphia Eagles, an unprecedented feat. His six touchdowns and 51 catches in 2014 were the fourth-most in history by an undrafted rookie.
But those numbers, or being on track for a 1,000-yard season this year, aren't even close to being the best part of Hurns' defying-the-odds story.
No, if you want to get a true appreciation of why No. 88 and his family are feeling overwhelmingly blessed this holiday, it's essential to go back a decade or two and relive Hurns' childhood.
The 24-year-old receiver spent his wonder years living in small apartments in some rough Miami neighborhoods, from Carol City to Miramar. Sitting quietly at a conference table at EverBank Field, he especially recalls one jarring night at his grandmother's house.
"Across the street, two men got shot, one of them 72 times and the other 68," Hurns said. "That's the most violent thing I can remember."
Toughness is in the family DNA, and it's not defined just by the willingness of a Jaguars' receiver to catch passes while absorbing big hits. Hurns' mental strength is a byproduct of Erica Wilson, who overcame being a single mother of two sons from different fathers as a teenager (she had Allen, her second child, at age 19, and Daryl Wilson at age 15) to provide a stable, loving environment.
"It was difficult," Wilson said Tuesday night from her Southside home. "I did my best to get what they needed. I couldn't always get what they wanted.
"My kids were everything. That's what I had to focus on."
Erica admittedly put herself in a tough spot as a teenager. But she refused to let the lack of a high school diploma, severe financial hardships, or Hurns' father, Allen, being in prison on drug charges for the first six years of his son's life, get in the way of properly raising her kids.
Oh, life is good now, a far cry from all those years of juggling two jobs - running a childcare service during the day, then working nights at Winn-Dixie, Wal-Mart or Burger King to make ends meet. Erica eventually went back to high school and graduated, then obtained an AA degree from Broward College while her son Allen Hurns was attending the University of Miami.
She moved to Jacksonville with her mother, Mary Wilson, and Daryl (who owns an automobile paint-chipping business) in February after Hurns bought her a four-bedroom house on the Southside. On Tuesday, the Jaguars receiver took Erica to a Mercedes-Benz dealership in Jacksonville to purchase an early Christmas present, a fully-loaded C300.
Hurns predicted his mother would "cry for sure," and it finally happened as she was signing the papers.
"My nights aren't as restless anymore," said Erica. "I don't have to worry about taking care of my kids. They take care of me. It lets everyone know I raised some men. It's a great feeling."
The soft-spoken Hurns, who rarely initiated any conversation until his shyness began to erode as a college senior, was forced to become a man long before the typical maturity timeline.
Not every Christmas was like 2001 when Hurns received what remains one of his all-time favorite gifts, a University of Miami football helmet with player signatures, among them his idol and mentor, Indianapolis Colts receiver Andre Johnson. Hurns' mother obtained it through a lifelong connection with then UM assistant coach Randy Shannon, who played high school football with her brother.
"As a kid, that was the best Christmas present," said Hurns. "Miami was always my dream school."
But as time wore on, and that 10-year-old boy grew into adolescence, Christmas took on a new meaning. Hurns started to understand the toll of trying to provide for two kids on a meager income was taking on his mother. Suddenly, any gift he received became secondary to wanting to ease Erica's burden.
"As a kid, you want, you want, you want," Hurns said. "You don't really know the value of money. Once you get in high school, you start to realize your parent doesn't have [money]. So when she asks you what you want for Christmas, you say you really don't want anything because you know she doesn't really have the money.
"I started realizing there are bigger things that come first like paying for rent, paying a bill, providing food. That's a lot on my mother. I didn't want her to feel like we weren't happy because we weren't getting certain things."
The thing is, before last week, when Erica posted it on social media, Hurns had no idea how financially strapped his mother became at one point. Erica had put it out of her mind until she found herself passing out blankets recently to some homeless people near EverBank Field.
Suddenly, the tears came tumbling out. It brought back memories of one of the worst times in Erica's life - her family was temporarily homeless - which she kept hidden from Allen and his brother all these years.
"What I never told my kids was when I let them go sleep one time with [Allen's] father at his place for two or three days, I slept in my car that I had outside a storage unit," Erica said. "I had lost the apartment because I couldn't make the rent.
"A nice lady let me move into a place she owned without a down payment. A week later, she saw that my car was repossessed and she gave me $3,500 cash so I could get it back because she knew I needed it to get to work. This woman was a complete stranger, and all she asked in return [for her generosity] was for me to do right for my boys. When I was giving out those blankets to the homeless, I just broke down."
Few people in the Jaguars' organization have greater admiration for the path Hurns' mother has traveled than receivers coach Jerry Sullivan, a former Miami Jackson High quarterback who was raised in foster care until age 13.
"I told Allen's mother that she ought to go on the Oprah Winfrey show and tell America how to raise a child as a single mother," said Sullivan. "What a great person she raised in Allen."
Erica doesn't take all the credit. She acknowledges the support system she had from her mother and Allen's paternal grandmother, Anna Mae Hurns.
"Some people think there's never a way out of trying times," said Erica. "Looking back on it now, I'm overwhelmed and grateful that I never lost my boys to the streets. They never pushed me about wanting more. They made it easier on me."
Hurns doesn't run away from his humble beginnings. Instead, he embraces it, reminding himself to stay grounded and never take for granted an NFL life paying him a $510,000 salary in 2015.
That's why he relished the opportunity last week to give out Christmas toys that he purchased for about 40 boys at Jacksonville's Valor Academy. Hurns performed the same good deed for boys and girls from low-income families at Sunshine Elementary in Miami.
As much as his life revolves around football and pushing the Jaguars to become a winning franchise, Hurns wants to do what he can to bring joy to people, especially kids, who face trying circumstances.
"It makes me feel good to be a blessing to others, to see a smile on a kid's face," said Hurns. "[As NFL players], we have the money to do whatever we want, but things like that really stand out to us. So any way I can help, I'm going to try to help."
As much as anyone in the Jaguars' locker room, Hurns always has a Christmas-type spirit about him. It's not just having the financial means to splurge on his mother, including a recent birthday present of a two-day weekend in Jamaica. What really keeps Hurns striving for football excellence knows his story could inspire someone else through difficult times.
He doesn't want to forget the hardship of not having a relationship with his father - now living in Iowa, and they communicate every day - until he was about 16. Or wondering if his scholarship to Miami would be pulled after a knee injury sidelined him most of his senior year at Carol City High. Or the bitter disappointment of not hearing his name called in the NFL Draft.
When it ended, Erica said her son "broke down crying in my arms."
It turns out, that was just another in a long line of obstacles that inspired the Jaguars' receiver to reach his NFL dream.
"At the end of the day, it all gives you motivation," said Hurns. "I feel like there's nothing I can't overcome. God puts things in our way to see how we respond to adversity. I'm just a firm believer of showing that people who are less fortunate or are going through things, you can overcome."
For Allen Hurns, whether it's Christmas or not, that might be his greatest gift.
Gene.frenette@jacksonville.com, (904) 359-4540
Muslim youth fanned out across Canada on Sunday, knocking on doors and handing out flyers to try to counter misconceptions about Islam at a time when they say fear of their religion is rising.
The initiative had been planned for weeks but happened to fall one day after rallies across Canada by those opposed to a Liberal MP's Parliamentary motion to condemn Islamophobia, known as M-103.
Qasid Chaudhry of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Youth Association Canada braved the cold temperatures with his group in Barrie, Ont., Sunday morning as they knocked on doors and offered to answer neighbours' questions.
He said that although the youth group does ongoing outreach, this particular initiative is especially important after six Muslim immigrants were shot to death on Jan. 29 at a Quebec City mosque.
“There's a lot of misconceptions people have been getting about Islam,” Chaudhry said. “We're trying to give people the idea that (ISIS) is not Islam. It is a religion of peace.”
Chaudhry added that he was born in Canada and he wants his neighbours to understand that although he has Islamic values, he also shares their Canadian values.
He added that the response from neighbours in the Barrie area had so far been “really good.”
“It's amazing because a lot of times people are afraid Islamophobia is becoming a really big problem,” Chaudhry said. “It makes us feel that people don't fear Islam, they fear these extremist groups.”
Safwan Choudhry, spokesperson for Ahmadiyya Muslim Jama'at Canada, told CTV News Channel that he believes it is important for Canadians to meet ordinary Muslims, rather than just hearing from imams.
“It's an opportunity for Canadians to ask some questions about their faith, to challenge them, to know what exactly about their Canadian identity is important to them and how they reconcile that with being a Muslim,” he added.
Choudhry said outreach is important, because Canadians may not be aware that the Ahmadiyya Muslim Youth Association Canada is assisting in the fight against Islamic State radicalization, with their Stop the Crisis campaign.
Choudhry said there's “no denying” that anti-Muslim sentiment, as well as anti-Semitism, is on the rise in North America and Ahmadiyya Muslim Jama'at Canada wants to be on the front line of fighting against it.
A Forum Research poll of 1,304 randomly-selected Canadians taken in December found 28 per cent agreed they had “unfavourable” feelings toward Muslim people, while 54 per cent said they had “favourable feelings” and 17 per cent said they “don't know.”
The number with “unfavourable” feelings toward Muslims was much higher than those with unfavourable views of First Nations (16 per cent), Asians (10 per cent), Jewish people (nine per cent) and black people (eight per cent).
The margin of error for the survey was reported as ±3.1 percentage points, 19 times out of 20.
The GIMP team announced release of v2.7.5 yesterday, while the masses actually expected 2.8, or at least a release candidate. The pain of undelivery, however, is likely to be subdued with some interesting development going on in parallel.
But first things first.
What's in 2.7.5?
Despite previously announced feature freeze few changes have managed to sneak in, barricade the door and take hostages. Direct opening of PS, EPS and PDF files is now done via Ghostscript's library, not the executable file, which means no more temporary files. Also, the default quick mask color is now configurable (Default Image section of the Preferences dialog).
A much more noticeable change is the new bundle of GIMP brushes and tool presets which LGW already wrote about in details a while ago.
This is the beginning of a major revamp of the resources that GIMP ships by default. The new brushes and presets provide a much better out-of-box experience for digital painting. The work was done by Ramon Miranda (GIMP Paint Studio) and Guillermo Espertino.
As usual, bugs were fixed and translations were updated. There are still some bugs in the tracker that block the release of v2.8. Fixing them will take a while, unless the team decides to skip it for now.
Both the source code and the Windows installer are available for downloading.
What's up with that goat?
Genetically Engineered Goat, Large aka GEGL is the GIMP's new image processing core that has all the buzzwords it can eat. It takes CIE LAB, puts some EXR on top, sprinkles it with 32bit float per channel precision, composites it all with nodes and gobbles down via mipmaps really fast.
The plan to finalize transition of GIMP to using GEGL for everything has been postponed for ages. Right after branching 2.7.5 the team created a branch called goat-invasion where they are making GIMP use GEGL, for real. According to the current plans, this branch will become v2.10.
What happens when the goat invades?
So, the usual thing, really. As demonstrated by rore.
The team has already replaced GIMP's tile manager with GEGL code and wiped out legacy color adjustment operations replacing them with GEGL operations. Right now color ops still use 8bit precision, and it's too early to say if higher bit depth is going feature in 2.10 (or 3.0, whichever version is next).
The new branch compiles and works, but there are all kinds of little annoying things like no undo for color tools and broken duplication of layers. This is, of course, only to be expected for a subproject that started mere 48 hours ago.
Er... 2.8? 2.10? 3.0? What the hell?
It's a bit of a puzzler indeed. But here's the basic idea.
When the last bugs are fixed and release notes are finished, the team releases v2.8. Nobody knows when.
Meanwhile work on GTK+3 port and GEGL invasion will continue and is likely to become v2.10. That version will not necessarily have high bit depth precision available, but it will be using GEGL natively anyway. In fact, it already does.
Once again, we are talking about a very early stage of a project. Everything is possible. By joining the project and helping out you will make this possibility a reality.
Social Protection Minister Leo Varadkar says Fianna Fáil knows well the Government is not obliged to bring forward legislation it knows is contrary to European law.
Mr Varadkar has been quizzed in the Dáil about the confidence and supply agreement - which does say the Government will facilitate the passage of legislation to give effect to the water committee report.
Appendix 2 of the agreement reads: "The Government will facilitate the passage of legislation (whether it be a money bill or otherwise) for the implementation of the recommendations in relation to domestic water charging supported by the Oireachtas".
The committee on the Future Funding of Domestic Water Services is meeting to agree its final report.
The report calls for the scrapping of water charges, makes no reference to excessive charges and recommends refunds for householders.
It also ends mandatory metering of new houses and provides for a referendum to keep the resource in public ownership.
The recommendations are due to be debated in the Dáil next week.
'Wait and see'
Housing Minister Simon Coveney says he will have to wait and see what the committee outcome is: "I do have real concerns about the changes that have been made that, in my view, seem to fundamentally undermine the viability and the legality of what they're recommending.
"Let's wait and see if that is the final outcome of the committee - if it is, well then we have to deal with the issues that flow from that."
Solidarity TD Paul Murphy claimed in the Dáil that Fine Gael was now rejecting the legal advice it itself had demanded: "Your people said 'lets go and get legal advice' yesterday - 'lets go and ring a lawyer in Tokyo to ask is it OK to get rid of excessive usage charges'. The lawyer comes back and says 'yeah, it's grand'.
"Now your people say it's not proper legal advice. You're OK with a special committee deciding on it, as long as it decides the way you want".
Minister Varadkar, taking leaders questions, said they will not implement legislation the Attorney-General says is not compliant with the EU Water Framework Directive.
He also took a shot at Fianna Fáil, replying to Paul Murphy: "It's the role you've played in reducing Fianna Fáil - the party of Lemass, a party that was once proud to stand up for things, that would do the right things by the Irish people is now in a position that it determines its policy on water solely out of their fear of you and their fear of Sinn Féin."
No appetite for election
Fianna Fáil's spokesperson on housing Barry Cowen said earlier there is no need for the dispute to lead to fresh elections.
"I don't think the electorate want an election at this time," he said. "We didn't think that last year; we didn't think water charges should be an issue to go back to the country with.”
"However, we are obliged to represent many of those who voted for us on that issue amongst other things and we are true to our word in relation to our manifesto and we are true to our word in relation to the submission we made to the expert commission."
The committee's recommendations have been hailed as a victory by Sinn Féin and other opposition parties.
Fine Gael TD and committee member Colm Brophy said earlier the party will not do anything that is illegal.
"There cannot be a solution brought forward or passed, I believe, by the Oireachtas which is not legal," he said.
"But there is opportunity to make sure that we try and make sure that we do pass a resolution that is able to stand up to the task of meeting the water framework directive."
Guess The Gun Competition
Mayhem's Guess The Gun Competition
Think you know paintball?
Been in the game for years?
Had loads of markers?
This is the competition for you!
Whoever can guess the most amount of paintball guns correctly will win a free early bird ticket to the Mayhem Big Game 2014* and a set of Mayhem Militia playing gear with the jersey personalised with their name on. To enter, you just have to share this page to Facebook, Twitter or Google + (on the buttons at the bottom of this article), and complete the form with your answers in the form below. Anyone can enter the competition, just make sure you have shared this page. All entrants must be in at the latest by the 1st of May, the winner will be announced via our facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/MayhemPaintballGames
* Can also be exchanged for 4 x £55.99 pre-pay packages for a date of your choice.
The Guns in Video
Check out the video for hints and descriptions of the markers, subscribe to Mayhem TV for more videos, competitions and reviews of paintball products.
The Guns in Pictures
Warriors Look to Take Down Struggling Bobcats: Game Preview by Tej Kamaraju
A's GM Billy Beane has been known for pulling the trigger on unorthodox and unusual trades, but this one might have topped them all.
On November 28, the A's acquired relief pitcher Sandy Rosario from the Boston Red Sox in exchange for a player to be named later. Two days later, they designated Rosario for assignment to make room for Chris Resop on their 40-man roster On December 7, they sent pitcher Graham Godfrey to the Red Sox as the player to be named later.
And finally, on Monday, after all that: the Red Sox re-claimed Sandy Rosario.
So, in essence, the A's gave away Godfrey to the Red Sox, who wound up keeping the player who they traded away. This has to qualify as one of the most pointless trades in the history of baseball.
For the record, Rosario has a 15.26 ERA in 10 games pitched over three years in the big leagues, while Godfrey is 1-5 with a 5.09 ERA.
Now, just sit back and watch as Godfrey becomes the ace of the Red Sox with Rosario as his flame-throwing closer (sarcasm).
A few days ago, the internet was up in a tizzy about a mysterious trailer released by Bad Robot, the production company founded by Lost and Fringe creator/Star Trek director J.J. Abrams. Now, it looks like we may have an answer to what it's for, or at least a pretty solid clue. According to Brendon Connelly of Bleeding Cool News, the trailer teases Abrams's upcoming novel S., which we've actually known about for some time. Just how did he come to this conclusion?:
Looking back over coverage of these projects, I found a promotional postcard, snapped and uploaded by The Huffington Post. It featured text in a very particular font. The exact same font as appears at the end of the trailer. So now I'm 100% convinced. It's a trailer for S., a novel by Doug Dorst, devised by JJ Abrams.
The use of the same font could be a big indicator, but it could also be a coincidence. Still, if you've ever watched this guy's TV shows, he doesn't seem to believe in coincidences, so Connelly's assertion may prove true after all.
You be the judge. Here's the trailer:
And here's the aforementioned post card (courtesy Mulholland Books):
The fonts are indeed the same. I guess we'll have to wait until more videos are released to know for sure.
In the meantime, here's what we know about S., again courtesy of the publisher:
At the core of this multilayered literary puzzle of love and adventure is a book of mysterious provenance. In the margins, another tale unfolds—through the hand-scribbled notes, questions, and confrontations of two readers. Between the pages, online, and in the real world, you'll find evidence of their interaction, ephemera that bring this tale vividly to life.
Who's going to check this book out?
Woah! American filmmaker directs an entire Kannada film over Skype
Upcoming Kannada film Road King will be the first Indian movie to be directed over Skype. Yes, you read it right. The entire movie was directed over the video-call application Skype.
Winner of the Silver Ace Award at the Las Vegas International Film Festival for his movie Life of Lemon, American filmmaker Randy Kent was scheduled to direct this Kannada film, when he ran into some issues with his visa. But that didn't deter him from going ahead with the project, reports the Huffington Post.
Kent had initially agreed to direct the film for his friend Mateen Hussain, who recently returned to India from the US. So, even after the visa issue, Hussain was keen on Kent directing his film and hence suggested that they try Skype, reports The Hindu.
Kent agreed, and given the film's low budget, this solved another problem of keeping the costs low, reports the Quint.
The film is a romance that explores the obsessive 'ex' syndrome, when after a break-up, one of the former couple finds it hard to move on.
“Randy, who is an editor, will advise the team with post-production as well,” Hussain said in an interview with the New Indian Express. And after a theatrical release ‘like any other Kannada film' early next year, they hope to take it to festivals across the globe.
Updated Date: Sep 10, 2015 18:51:02 IST
The New York Times called it a rare rally—and a rare rally it is. Alas, Somalia is not a Muslim country about which we particularly care. It has no oil. It is poor. It suffers from ongoing drought. It has a new enemy: pirates. And, after all, it is an African society with Arab undercurrents. When did anybody really care about a place like this? It is true that Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt have grasped these people to their hearts—and to their fortunes. But that's not nearly enough. Maybe nothing would be nearly enough. America has had a bad conscience about Somalia, and it has had it since Bill Clinton pulled the small number of troops we had there. According to John M. Broder in the Los Angeles Times, the president had ordered 5,300 U.S. troops to the country with a promise they'd all be out in six months. Well, Clinton always saw the bright side of things. If you want to refresh your memory about the real U.S. involvement in the Mogadishu nightmare, read this. The truth is, however, that the American electorate and the American political system would not tolerate a long-term intervention in a black country whatever the chronology. Especially not in a black country with terrorists.
According to Farouk Chotia of the BBC, 75 people were killed in a carefully calibrated truck bombing in the center of Mogadishu. Mohamed Ibrahim and Jeffrey Gettleman confirmed the news in the Times on October 4.
And, over the weekend, the Times reported that “In Rare Rally, Somalis Aim at Militants.” Finally, some Muslims have protested the murder of their own by ultra-Muslims. I wouldn't think that Somalia's population is other than anomic and beaten down. Frightened into submission. Well, at last, great God almighty, they are free by this little grand act.
Martin Peretz is the editor-in-chief emeritus of The New Republic.
Image caption Spiral galaxy IC 342: Nustar sees the high-energy X-rays from two blazing black holes (magenta). Nustar's data has been superimposed on a visible-light view of the galaxy
The highest-energy orbiting X-ray observatory ever devised has begun to share its unique view on the cosmos.
The Nuclear Spectroscopic Telescope Array, or Nustar, was launched in June 2012, but is already bearing fruit.
Researchers reporting at the 221st American Astronomical Society meeting released two striking Nustar images.
One details the leftovers of the supernova of Cassiopeia A, and another shows a new view of two feeding black holes in the spiral galaxy IC 342.
The Nustar mission aims to cover a higher-energy regime than the existing US space telescope Chandra and the European XMM-Newton, both launched in 1999.
The Nustar team, led by Fiona Harrison of the California Institute of Technology, released the pictures as an early taste of Nustar's capabilities.
"These images have a combination of crispness and sensitivity that is orders of magnitude better than ever made before in this region of the electromagnetic spectrum," Dr Harrison told the meeting.
Image caption Scientists are having to learn how to deal with the effects imposed on them by the extendable mast
She said that the team was still getting to grips with the telescope's unique architecture, which holds its X-ray optics on a flexible boom some 10m from the detector as the craft orbits the Earth every 90 minutes.
"We're learning how to point it and we're dealing with the fact that as we go around the Earth, we go in and out of shadow.
"[The boom] moves and we have a complicated metrology system that puts all the images back together to make the crisp pictures."
The team's picture of Cassiopeia A, 11,000 light-years distant, shows a ring of high-energy X-rays surrounding existing data in wavelengths we can see, and lower-energy X-rays from Chandra.
Meanwhile, two black holes first spotted by Chandra are extraordinarily bright in the high-energy X-rays that Nustar can see.
They appear much brighter than similarly sized black holes - providing the first of many mysteries that the Nustar team hopes to uncover, and then to solve.
Coming Soon
Dolly Parton's Heartstrings
Raising Dion
A single mom must hide her young son's superpowers to protect him from exploitation while investigating their origins and her husband's death.
Pachamama
Dreaming of becoming a shaman, an impish boy from the Andes journeys across uncharted lands to recover a stolen treasure in this animated adventure.
Invisible Cities
While investigating a murder, a detective is drawn into a battle between the visible world and an underground realm inhabited by mythical creatures.
Selling Sunset
The elite real estate brokers at The Oppenheim Group sell the luxe life to affluent buyers in LA. The drama ramps up when a new agent joins the team.
Bloodride
A Norwegian anthology series that blends horror with dark Scandinavian humor, setting each distinct story in its own realistic yet weird universe.
Jimmy Carr: The Best of Ultimate Gold Greatest Hits
Nothing is off limits as Jimmy Carr serves up the most outrageous jokes from his stand-up career in a special that's not for the faint of heart.
Hyperdrive
Daring drivers from around the globe compete for glory as they race through one of the largest automotive obstacle courses ever constructed.
It is shaping up to be a delightful Memorial Day weekend of outdoor fun in Lake Placid, NY, frequently cited as one of the country's “Best Outdoor Towns.” After the typical Adirondack roller coaster spring weather, things are finally heating up. Air temperatures hit 70 in the Adirondack Mountains this week and the water in Mirror Lake is warm enough for hardy, wetsuit-clad swimmers. Although Memorial Day is the traditional kick-off to summer in the United States, don't expect South Jersey summer-time warmth in the Adirondacks this weekend; temperatures are expected to top out in the low 70s. And bring your rain gear if you plan to spend time outdoors, there is usually a chance of rain in the mountains as there is this weekend. At least there is no Memorial Day snow in the Adirondack forecast this year. The hardwood trees have finally opened for the season, although the still delicate light green of their leaves reminds us this is just the beginning.
Just the beginning of the warm season or not, the roads and trails are already bustling with cyclists and runners. Lake Placid is a hot spot for recreational athletes working on fitness and competitive athletes training for Ironman Lake Placid, the Olympics, and a multitude of cycling and running races. The number of multi-sport training camps and competitive events scheduled for the area is larger each year and reinforces the region's reputation as great place to pursue high-energy athletic fun.
For outdoor enthusiasts of a less competitive nature, the hiking trails in and around the Lake Placid region are recovering from the damp spring. Hikers should be prepared for muddy, wet trails however, and remember to walk through - not around - mud and water to prevent eroding and widening the trail. Hikers might also encounter blown-down trees and limbs leftover from spring storms. Water levels remain high, streams are running swiftly and the water is cold. These factors increase the risk of hypothermia and drowning should you fall into the water, so use caution when crossing streams without foot bridges. Trails and campsites adjacent to water may also be flooded, so be prepared with “Plan B” in case you find your preferred campsite underwater. For the most current backcountry conditions, check out the link to New York State's backcountry report in the right column of this site. It is always there, very helpful, and updated weekly.
Speaking of camping in the Adirondacks, don't forget your bear-resistant canisters. Bear-resistant canisters are required for overnight visitors to the Eastern High Peaks Wilderness Area and are recommended throughout the Adirondacks between April 1 and November 30. All food, toiletries, and garbage go in the bear-resistant canisters. Visit the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation's Adirondack Trail Information web page for more information including current weather forecasts, regulations, safety tips, and trail conditions.
In a tent or in a hotel, on the trails, a bike, the water, or hanging from a rock, the Adirondack Mountains have all the ingredients for outdoor recreation enthusiasts of all types to create their own Adirondack adventure. Have fun!
EXCLUSIVE: Stories International Tomoya Suzuki and filmmakers Steve Pink and Jeff Morris are collaborating on a film adaptation of Rent a Hero, the Sega video game about a slacker genius who joins a high-tech start-up that is pitched as a company to improve people's lives but is nothing as it seems. When company insiders plan to weaponize the technology, the slacker and his fellow Rent-a-Heroes must band together to stop them.
Pink, whose credits include Hot Tub Time Machine, High Fidelity and Grosse Pointe Blank, will direct and is penning the project with Morris, who wrote the upcoming Netflix action-adventure The True Memoirs of an International Assassin starring Kevin James.
Suzuki and Hakuhodo DY Group will produce. Suzuki is the president and CEO of Stories International, the production arm and joint venture of video game brand Sega Group and Hakuhodo DY Group. Evan J. Cholfin of Stories International will oversee the project as executive producer.
Stories International is currently producing multiple film, TV and digital projects based on Sega intellectual properties, including the beloved game franchises Shinobi with producer Marc Platt, Altered Beast, Golden Axe, Virtua Fighter, The House of the Dead, Streets of Rage and Crazy Taxi. Their plan is to co-develop adaptations of these properties as English-language feature films, television and digital series for worldwide release.
Pink and Morris — who set up Cop Swap at MGM, The Yank at Sony and Shore Leave at DreamWorks — are repped by UTA. Suzuki and Stories International are repped by CAA.
One of the biggest offseason deals so far has been the Seattle Mariners acquiring center fielder Leonys Martin from the Texas Rangers. The Mariners were in desperate need of a defensive upgrade in center and Martin had fallen out of favor with the Rangers after struggling with injuries and the bat in 2015. With the emergence of Delino DeShields in center, plus Nomar Mazara on the way, there wasn't room for Martin in a crowded Texas outfield and he was a non-tender candidate.
Mariners GM Jerry Dipoto pounced quickly in the offseason, getting Martin for reliever Tom Wilhelmsen and corner infield prospect Patrick Kivlehan. Wilhelmsen is back in Triple-A after posting a 9.98 ERA and surrendering six home runs in 15.1 innings and Kivlehan is hitting .184 for Round Rock.
Martin, meanwhile, has played his usual above-average defense (plus-4 defensive runs saved), but the big bonus has been with the bat, where he's been red hot in May. Tuesday night he did this:
That capped a big comeback by the Mariners. Robinson Cano hit a two-run homer in the eighth and then Martin hit the walk-off to give them a 6-5 win over the A's. I love the Mariners' announcers, with Jay Buhner cackling in delight as the ball sailed way beyond the outfield. A's closer Ryan Madson threw four straight changeups to Martin. The first three were good, low or low and away, but the fourth one was a cookie, as bad a pitch as you can make:
What a game. Wow @leonys27martin ! Doin it! Can't sleep that was awesome. Great team win there #bloopandablast #GoMariners — Steve Cishek (@srSHREK31) May 25, 2016
Martin is now hitting .259/.337/.483 with a career-high nine home runs and ranks in the top 25 among AL position players in WAR. For the Rangers, the trade has been extra painful because Martin is helping a division rival -- a team they're currently battling for first place.
Jason Churchill of ProspectInsider.com had a great review of Martin's new approach at the plate a couple of days ago and points out reasons to believe in his new power stroke. Martin has raised his hands in his set-up, helping him erase a trigger motion that created a longer swing and inconsistent path to the ball. Jason writes:
In 2016, Martin's bat is at an angle more consistent with the kind of trajectory that produces hard-hit line drives and fly balls, and the barrel, while still somewhat pointed toward the pitcher, is much more ideally angled, too. He still waggles it toward the pitcher pre-pitch sometimes, which ideally will go away altogether, eventually. We've heard Mike Blowers comment on the Root Sports Broadcast about the bat wrap and that Edgar Martinez has been working with Martin on that very thing. The hands are in a better position to trigger the swing, the bat head is in a better spot to be sent to attack the pitch and the bat angle helps Martin create a more consistent and healthier bat path (swing plane). The swing itself is a bit shorter, too, which can help with contact and consistency. I also have noticed he's setting up a little more closed at the feet, hip and shoulder than he was a year ago. It's not easily noticed by the naked eye, but it's there and part of his set of adjustments this seasons.
Martin is striking out more, but has replaced that with a few more walks and more power. His fly ball rate has increased from 28 percent to 38 percent. The Mariners are nine games over .500 and third in the AL in runs per game. Martin has been a big reason why.
Despite continued interest from major payments companies and thought leaders, the price of bitcoin has declined in recent weeks, as optimism surrounding New York's proposed bitcoin regulation gave way to backlash and the market grappled with the widespread use of new and more complex financial tools.
Both factors were recently cited by bitcoin hedge fund Pantera Capital as reason's that bitcoin's price has declined since July. In that time, the price of 1 BTC has fallen from close to $650 amid heightened interest from investors at the time of the US government's auction of roughly 30,000 BTC to a value of $472 at the time of publication.
Still, it's arguable that no investor has been more exposed to this recent price decline than noted venture capitalist and Draper Fisher Jurvetson (DFJ) partner Tim Draper, who on 2nd July revealed he purchased all of the nearly 30,000 BTC seized from now-defunct online black market Silk Road and sold by the US government.
In a new interview with CoinDesk, Draper revealed he has been surprised by bitcoin's recent decline in value, though he remains optimistic in its long-term value as an asset.
Draper told CoinDesk:
“I guess the markets aren't seeing what I am seeing. An entire economy is being rebuilt. I have a price target of $10,000 in three years. Even that may be pessimistic.”
The remarks are notable given that, should Draper have paid market price for the BTC holdings, he would have lost roughly $5m on his investment to date.
Bullish in emerging markets
Draper also addressed his overall investment strategy and recent moves, most of which have targeted bitcoin startups in emerging markets.
The 56-year-old investor, who has contributed to recent funding rounds raised by BitPagos, Korbit and Volabit, told CoinDesk that he believes these companies will ultimately succeed in the face of steep challenges.
Draper's remarks suggest that he foresees these companies being able to overcome any obstacles posed by regulation and a current lack of consumer awareness, stating:
“These companies are making it easier for people to do business in their countries. As long as the governments realize that they are better off when their people are successful, it should be smooth sailing for our bitcoin investments.”
Investors should buy bitcoin
Price declines aside, Draper said he believes that investors should continue to seek opportunities in the bitcoin market, saying he would “encourage people to buy bitcoins and spend them”.
When asked what advice he would provide to investors and entrepreneurs observing the market, he pointed to bitcoin's long-term utility as well as its low-cost transaction network.
Draper said:
“I assume anyone who used to send money through Western Union already is familiar with how much they can save using bitcoin.”
He went on to suggest that, in this view, investors should continue to seek opportunities available by both investing directly in bitcoin and its support infrastructure.
“My thinking is that bitcoin is here to stay,” Draper concluded.
Images via Wikipedia
Shadow Of Mordor is and was one of the best games of 2014. It was dark horse overshadowed by over advertised games like Destiny. It had a unique revenge system in the game that I've never seen in any other title. So naturally I'm excited to hear there's a strong possibility that a sequel is in the works.
According to the plug, stunt actresses stunt Lauren Mary Kim may have accidentally spilled the beans. She listed in her stunt credits that she had done motion capture work for Shadow Of Mordor 2. Now the internet is on fire. Since the internet first discovered this she's put her profile on private, but you already know the internet got that screen shot. Another example of how everything is permanent online.
So do you guys think it's real or what this just a mistake? Sounds off in the comments below. Feel free to check out my review of the original game as well by clicking here.
Govt. of India has decided to go full throttle for pushing solar power generation in the country. As per reports coming in, massive increase in budget has been allocated to double solar power generation, even as plans for putting 7000 railway stations under 100% solar power is rapidly underway.
India now wants to become world's leading hub for alternate energy, and the right buttons are being pressed for the same.
Solar Power Generation Would Be Doubled
The cabinet committee on economic affairs (CCEA), which is being headed by PM Modi has agreed to allocate a budget of Rs 8100 crore for doubling solar power generation to 40,000 MW by the end of 2020.
Right now, India produces around 9000 MW of solar energy, which had been pledged to increase to 20,000 MW by 2020. But now, the goal is 40,000 MW.
In association with Solar Energy Corporation of India (SECI) and other Govt. associations, 50 special solar parks would be established, such that each of these parks generate a minimum of 500 MW power every year.
This fresh allocation of budget, and a pledge to increase solar power generation to 40,000 MW up from estimated 20,000 MW by 2020 is a big boost to the industry.
Especially after tariffs for solar power fell to record low of Rs 2.9 per kilo-watt hour. Recently, leading solar power generating companies quoted their price for working on World's largest solar power plant at Rewa in Madhya Pradesh (which is expected to generate 750 MW of solar energy)
And Mahindra Renewables Pvt. Ltd, Acme Solar Holdings Pvt. Ltd and Sweden's Solenergi Power Pvt. Ltd quotes the following bids for working for winning the contract: Rs 2.979 per kWh, Rs2.97 per kWh and Rs2.974 per kWh respectively.
7000 Railway Stations To Be 100% Solar Powered
During the budget announcement, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had announced that 700 railway stations would be solar powered by 2020. As per the latest reports coming in, work has started in full swing to achieve this mission, which would be path-breaking in several aspects. India has 7137 railway stations right now, and if 7000 of them are converted into solar energy, then the amount of energy saved would be incredible.
And, Indian Railway would become World's 1st railway to use 100% solar power across 99% of its stations.
As per reports coming in, installation of solar power across 300 railway stations have begun, mainly in Rajasthan and Gujarat, which are Sun-abundant states with less rainfall and more sunny days.
Railway has already floated tenders for generating 25 MW of solar energy from rooftop installations at railway stations, and within few weeks, the contract for 2000 railway stations would be finalised.
Note here, that Govt. has planned the monetization aspect as well. The contracts and tenders for installing roof-top solar power generators would be based on developer mode, wherein the project developer will sign long term contract for power-purchase from these solar installations. These developers would be then assigned to sell the same power to end-users, thereby ensuring that cost of the project is recovered.
As per some reports, in the first phase, each railway station has been planned to generate 25 MW of solar power at rooftop and 50 MW of solar power via ground-mounted installations. In the 2nd phase, 60 MW of rooftop and 660 MW of ground-mounted solar energy would be generated, across 9 states.
Railways are also working with UN Development Program for generating 5 gigawatts of solar power via various projects.
We will keep you updated as more details come in..
Millennials are driving the rise of the work martyr, employees so driven that vacation days go unused in order to impress the boss — or simply to avoid being replaced.
These workers believe complete dedication means little to no downtime, according to a report by Project: Time Off called “The Work Martyr's Cautionary Tale: How the Millennial Experience Will Define America's Vacation Culture.” It found 29 percent of the more than 5,600 US employees polled who work more than 35 hours a week fit into the category.
But among millennials, that figure soars to 43 percent, perhaps running counter to an aging stereotype of young men and women who are lazy, inefficient or misguided on the job.
‘The workplace is no longer a physical space. It's a state of mind.' - Katie Denis
“What we've found is it's the exact counter to the popular cultural narrative that millennials are spoiled, entitled people,” said Katie Denis, senior director of the Washington-based organization. “They actually feel like they have to prove their worth and their worth is proven through long hours.”
Graduating into a rough economy combined with an always-connected work environment has created the “perfect storm” for work martyrdom, particularly among the younger crowd, Denis said.
“It's a really tough blend,” Denis told The Post. “The workplace is no longer a physical space. It's a state of mind.”
The report defined a work martyr as someone who believes it's difficult to take a vacation because no else can do their work while they're gone; who shows complete dedication to the company; who avoids being seen as replaceable; and who simply feels guilty for taking time off.
Workers who fit those criteria, according to the report, tend to be more likely to be female (52 percent) and less likely to be married than their counterparts. And among millennials, nearly half (48 percent) believe it's a good thing to be seen as a work martyr by their boss, significantly higher than the average among all age groups of 39 percent.
“The reality is many millennials today have grown up with icons — Mark Zuckerberg and others — who have them believing that they, too, can be a billionaire, almost to the point of being unrealistic,” said Lynn Taylor, a workplace expert and author of “Tame Your Terrible Office Tyrant: How To Manage Childish Boss Behavior and Thrive in Your Job.”
Taylor continued: “They think if they just put in the hard work that they have a better chance than any other generation to make it.”
Taylor said not taking hard-earned vacation time has become something of a “badge of honor” on the job, yet another way to impress the boss and stand out among colleagues.
“There's never been a more competitive time in corporate America,” Taylor told The Post. “I mean, I've heard it called the ‘v word.' The irony is that the work-life balance is so critical to both the employee and employer over time.”
Thirty-nine percent of respondents said they actually “want to be seen as a work martyr” by their boss, according to the survey released last month. But that flips entirely at home, where 86 percent of people said it's a bad thing to be seen as such by their family.
Contributing to that huge disparity, Taylor said, are the growing number of loaded phrases deployed by supervisors that encourage work martyrdom, especially among those who already feel undervalued.
For example, when your boss says that he or she hopes you enjoyed your vacation, that may mean more than you think. Same thing goes for when a supervisor warns of a particularly busy time ahead, Taylor said.
“It's unfortunate that too many companies in corporate America reward work martyrs, whether it's blatant or subconscious,” Taylor continued. “There's definitely a built-in reward system for those people.”
The work martyr mindset is actually “poisonous to company cultures,” according to the report, which urges those who fit that definition to reconsider their approach to taking time off.
“There's a lot of silence in the workplace about vacation,” Denis said. “And the tone is set at the very top. But generally, when people start to feel that they can't take time off, that there's no work-life balance, that's when they start looking for other opportunities.”
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Just how bad is California's water shortage? Really, really bad, according to these new maps, which represent groundwater withdrawals in California during the first three years of the state's ongoing and epochal drought:
The maps come from a new paper in Nature Climate Change by NASA water scientist James Famiglietti. “California's Sacramento and San Joaquin river basins have lost roughly 15 cubic kilometers of total water per year since 2011,” he writes. That's “more water than all 38 million Californians use for domestic and municipal supplies annually—over half of which is due to groundwater pumping in the Central Valley.”
Famiglietti uses satellite data to measure how much water people are sucking out of the globe's aquifers, and summarized his research in his new paper.
More than 2 billion people rely on water pumped from aquifers as their primary water source, Famiglietti writes. Known as groundwater (as opposed to surface water, the stuff that settles in lakes and flows in streams and rivers), it's also the source of at least half the irrigation water we rely on to grow our food. When drought hits, of course, farmers rely on groundwater even more, because less rain and snow means less water flowing above ground.
The lesson Famiglietti draws from satellite data is chilling: “Groundwater is being pumped at far greater rates than it can be naturally replenished, so that many of the largest aquifers on most continents are being mined, their precious contents never to be returned.”
The Central Valley boasts some of the globe's fastest-depleting aquifers—but by no means the fastest overall. Indeed, it has a rival here in the United States. The below graphic represents depletion rates at some of the globe's largest aquifers, nearly all of which Famiglietti notes, “underlie the world's great agricultural regions and are primarily responsible for their high productivity.”
The navy-blue line represents the Ogallala aquifer—a magnificent water resource now being sucked dry to grow corn in the US high plains. Note that it has quietly dropped nearly as much as the Central Valley's aquifers (yellow line) over the past decade. The plunging light-blue line represents the falling water table in Punjab, India's breadbasket and the main site of that irrigation-intensive agricultural “miracle” known as the Green Revolution, which industrialized the region's farm fields starting in the 1960s. The light-green line represents China's key growing region, the north plain. Its relatively gentle fall may look comforting, but the water table there has been dropping steadily for years.
All of this is happening with very little forethought or regulation. Unlike underground oil, underground water draws very little research on how much is actually there. We know we're siphoning it away faster than it can be replaced, but we have little idea of how long we can keep doing so, Famiglietti writes. He adds, though, that if current trends hold, “groundwater supplies in some major aquifers will be depleted in a matter of decades.” As for regulation, it's minimal across the globe. In most places, he writes, there's a “veritable groundwater ‘free for all': property owners who can afford to drill wells generally have unlimited access to groundwater.”
And the more we pump, the worse things get. As water tables drop, wells have to go deeper into the earth, increasing pumping costs. What's left tends to be high in salts, which inhibit crop yields and can eventually cause soil to lose productivity altogether. Eventually, “inequity issues arise because only the relatively wealthy can bear the expense of digging deeper wells, paying greater energy costs to pump groundwater from increased depths and treating the lower-quality water that is often found deeper within aquifers,” Famiglietti writes—a situation already playing out in California's Central Valley, where some low-income residents have seen their wells go dry. In a reporting trip to the southern part of the Central Valley this past summer, I saw salt-caked groves with wan, suffering almond trees—the result of irrigation with salty water pumped from deep in the aquifer.
All of this is taking place in a scenario of rapid climate change and steady population growth—so we can expect steeper droughts and more demand for water. Famiglietti's piece ends with a set of recommendations for bringing the situation under control: Essentially, let's carefully measure the globe's groundwater and treat it like a precious resource, not a delicious milkshake to casually suck down to the dregs. In the meantime, Famiglietti warns, “further declines in groundwater availability may well trigger more civil uprising and international violent conflict in the already water-stressed regions of the world, and new conflict in others.”
Will the NSA's sweeping surveillance programs ironically erode the agency's ability to achieve the mission that it touts as its primary justification for those programs: stopping terrorist attacks? That's the implication of a piece by the Washington Post's Brian Fung Wednesday.
Fung notes a feature of the Internet that was first pointed out by Wired in a 2007 piece entitled “The NSA's Lucky Break.” As Wired's Ryan Singel wrote at the time:
A lucky coincidence of economics is responsible for routing much of the world's internet and telephone traffic through switching points in the United States, where, under legislation introduced this week, the U.S. National Security Agency will be free to continue tapping it….
International phone and internet traffic flows through the United States largely because of pricing models established more than 100 years ago in the International Telecommunication Union to handle international phone calls. Under those ITU tariffs, smaller and developing countries charge higher fees to accept calls than the U.S.-based carriers do, which can make it cheaper to route phone calls through the United States than directly to a neighboring country….
Miami sees most of the internet traffic between South America and the rest of the world, including traffic passing from one South American country to another, says Bill Manning, the managing partner of ep.net. "Basically they backhaul to the United States, do the switch and haul it back down since (it's) cheaper than crossing their international borders."
And some internet traffic traveling from Asia to Europe still crosses the entire breadth of the United States, entering in Los Angeles and exiting in New York, says Woodcock.
Fung points out that what quirks of the international telecommunications system give to the NSA, can also be taken away. He charts how the NSA scandals are prompting companies and nations around the world to start looking at how they can keep their data outside of U.S. shores. It has been repeatedly pointed out that this could be a big blow to U.S. cloud storage and other companies, but it could also mean that surveillance that falls within international norms of legitimacy becomes more difficult.
But thanks to the NSA leaks and the government's reluctance to fully disclose its activities, criminals are about to have more ways to evade online detection than ever. Investigators' jobs will get far more difficult if their suspects' communications suddenly vanish from U.S. servers and reappear in an encrypted format in a country that won't cooperate with American demands.
Of course, a defender of the NSA might lament this situation and blame it all on Edward Snowden. According to this logic, if the NSA had just been able to keep its “collect it all” surveillance practices secret from the American people and the world forever, the United States wouldn't be facing this dilemma.
But it seems to me that the real problem isn't the fact that this surveillance was made public, it's that it goes so far beyond U.S. and international norms and consensus over what degree of surveillance is acceptable in a civilized society. The chances that this surveillance would remain secret indefinitely given its lack of legitimacy were extremely low; it was under pressure from members of Congress who were restrained only by overbroad secrecy rules from blowing the whistle on it, and had been warned of by several whistleblowers from within the NSA already before Snowden.
If the U.S. government had confined its spying to the kind of targeted espionage and anti-terrorism activities that the public probably imagined the NSA was focused on, I think it would have been on safe ground internationally. The world knew about the NSA and its global eavesdropping activities, and is not shocked by espionage as traditionally practiced by many nations.
But the sweeping nature of the NSA's newly revealed programs, as well as the intersection between the agency and companies that people deal with every day—and often feel a personal relationship with—go well beyond what even a cynical world understood to be going on.
The NSA today justifies its activities principally as a means of keeping the nation safe from terrorism. Ironically, had the United States eschewed dragnet spying and stuck with targeted foreign intelligence-gathering, it would not now be threatened by “data flight” and might remain in a better position to investigate genuine threats through the kinds of targeted eavesdropping efforts that the world does find acceptable.
President Trump's WH chief of staff Reince Priebus joins NBC's Chuck Todd on 'Meet The Press' to defend Trump's executive order restricting people coming into the U.S. from seven middle eastern countries.
"The fact of the matter is that 325,000 people from foreign countries came into the United States yesterday, and 109 people were detained for further questioning. Most of those people were moved out. We've got a couple dozen more that remain," Priebus told Todd. "I would suspect that as long as they are not awful people, they will be moved through today... If they're folks that shouldn't be in this country, they're going to be detained. So we apologize for nothing here."
Transcript, via NBC:
CHUCK TODD: I want to start with timing on the executive order and this sense of urgency in trying to implement it immediately. Was there any thought given of creating a 72-hour grace period, a one-week grace period in order to allow border patrol agents to understand what the rules are, allow agencies in the federal government to understand what the rules are? It seems that a lot of the chaos yesterday could have been avoided had you at least included some sort of timed grace period. Why was that not included?
REINCE PRIEBUS: Well, I don't think you want to have a grace period, Chuck, because then people that want to do bad things to Americans just move up their travel date two days in order to get into the country before the grace period's over. So I think it's one of these things that, and if you ask a lot of people at the customs and border patrol will just tell you, "You got to rip off the band-aid and you have to move forward."
And so it wasn't chaos. I mean, the fact of the matter is 325,000 people from foreign countries came into the United States yesterday. And 109 people were detained for further questioning. Most of those people were moved out. We've got a couple dozen more that remain. And I would suspect as long as they're not awful people that they will move through before another half a day today. And perhaps some of these people should be detained further. And if they're folks that shouldn't be in this country they're going to be detained. And so apologize for nothing here.
Military officers from the U.S. Army, Navy, Air Force and Marines are working with California attorney Orly Taitz and her Defend Our Freedoms Foundation, citing a legal right established in British common law nearly 800 years ago and recognized by the U.S. Founding Fathers to demand documentation that may prove – or disprove – Barack Obama's eligibility to be president.
Taitz told WND today she has mailed to U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder a request that he “relate Quo Warranto on Barack Hussein Obama II to test his title to president before the Supreme Court.”
The lengthy legal phrase essentially means an explanation is being demanded for what authority Obama is using to act as president. An online constitutional resource says Quo Warranto “affords the only judicial remedy for violations of the Constitution by public officials and agents.”
Requesting the action are Maj. Gen. Carroll Childers; Lt. Col. Dr. David Earl-Graef; police officer and Selected Reservist Navy Commander Clinton Grimes; Lt. Scott Easterling, now serving on active duty in Iraq; New Hampshire state Rep. Timothy Comerford; Tennessee state Rep. Frank Nicely and others.
“As president-elect, Respondent Obama failed to submit prima facie evidence of his qualifications before January 20, 2009. Election officers failed to challenge, validate or evaluate his qualifications. Relators submit that as president elect, Respondent Obama failed [tO] qualify per U.S. CONST. Amend. XX [paragraph] 3,” the document said.
John Eidsmoe, an expert on the U.S. Constitution now working with the Foundation on Moral Law, an organization founded by former Alabama Supreme Court Chief Justice Roy Moore after he was removed from office for formally recognizing the Ten Commandments' influence in the U.S., said the demand is a legitimate course of action.
“She basically is asking, ‘By what authority' is Obama president,” he told WND. “In other words, ‘I want you to tell me by what authority. I don't really think you should hold the office.'
“She probably has some very good arguments to make,” Eidsmoe said.
The letter, dispatched to Holder today, is the latest development in the quest by a multitude of lawyers and plaintiffs nationwide for documentation that Obama qualifies to be president under the requirements of the U.S. Constitution.
WND has reported on dozens of legal challenges to Obama's status as a “natural born citizen.” The Constitution, Article 2, Section 1, states, “No Person except a natural born Citizen, or a Citizen of the United States, at the time of the Adoption of this Constitution, shall be eligible to the Office of President.”
Some of the lawsuits question whether he was actually born in Hawaii, as he insists. If he was born out of the country, Obama's American mother, the suits contend, was too young at the time of his birth to confer American citizenship to her son under the law at the time.
Other challenges have focused on Obama's citizenship through his father, a Kenyan subject to the jurisdiction of the United Kingdom at the time of his birth, thus making him a dual citizen. The cases contend the framers of the Constitution excluded dual citizens from qualifying as natural born.
Where's the proof Barack Obama was born in the U.S. or that he fulfills the “natural-born American” clause in the Constitution? If you still want to see it, join more than 300,000 others and sign up now!
Several of the cases have involved emergency appeals to the U.S. Supreme Court in which justices have declined even to hear arguments. Among the cases turned down without a hearing at the high court have been petitions by Philip Berg, Cort Wrotnowski, Leo Donofrio and Taitz.
Taitz' plaintiffs, some of whom potentially face life-or-death situations in defense of the U.S. Constitution on a daily basis, note that information on Quo Warranto against a federal officer normally is related to the attorney general. But since Holder is an Obama friend and appointee, they are asking for the appointment of a special prosecutor to help in presenting documentation to the Supreme Court.
“This information on Quo Warranto includes action between the United States ex rel. and the State of Hawaii over original birth records of Barack H. Obama II being withheld per Hawaii's privacy laws. Hawaii's action obstructs the constitutional duties of election officers to validate or evaluate President Elect Obama qualifications to become President under U.S. CONST. art. II § 1, and amend. XX § 3,” the document said.
Eidsmoe said it's clear that Obama has something in the documentation of his history, including his birth certificate, college records and other documents, “he does not want the public to know.”
What else could be the reason for his hiring law firms across the nation to fight any request for information as basic as his Occidental College records from the early 1980s, he asked. A separate lawsuit has sought the documents to find out whether they indicate Obama, possibly under the name Barry Soetero, attended the college on aid for foreign students.
Obama's critics warn of the impending constitutional crisis should it be discovered Obama is ineligible and the resulting chaos of trying to figure out what, if any, of his executive branch orders, should be valid.
According to the online Constitution.org resource: “The common law writ of quo warranto has been suppressed at the federal level in the United States, and deprecated at the state level, but remains a right under the Ninth Amendment which was understood and presumed by the Founders, and which affords the only judicial remedy for violations of the Constitution by public officials and agents.”
Taitz told WND the “relators” include members of the Army, Air Force, Marines and Army and feature recipients of some of the highest honors the nation awards, including the Purple Heart.
One is Harry Riley, a veteran military officer who spent part of his career in the Pentagon. Riley said the issue is basically over whether Americans will allow “the trashing” of their Constitution.
“Myself, along with hundreds of thousands of other warriors, have fought for the U.S. Constitution. The whole issue is one of constitutional crisis, in my judgment. How can an individual become the commander-in-chief, or the president of the U.S., with questions regarding his constitutional qualifications?” he asked.
“The whole idea is that America cannot allow an individual to serve as president who isn't qualified. It destroys our Constitution. It's the bedrock of our nation,” he said.
“In the worst case, in the long run, if he continues [to fight revealing his documentation,] it's going to be revolution in the streets,” he warned.
“It's simply a matter of producing a $12 birth certificate,” Riley said.
“It's just mindboggling to think an individual who's been sworn in as the president of the United States would be so small and be such a hypocrite who would be unwilling to simply show a birth certificate,” Riley said.
Taitz told WND she has assembled a list of about 100 names of people – so far – who are willing to be plaintiffs in such a demand.
Childers told WND he'd be perfectly happy if Obama is legitimate, but the truth still matters.
“I personally admire many things about him,” he said. “But if he's not legitimate, if he's allowed to violate the Constitution, what else are they going to violate? Take my guns, and my television, telephone? What's the limit?”
Taitz told WND she's asking for the appointment of a special prosecutor, such as the role Archibald Cox played in investigating Watergate.
According to author Chester Antieau in his “The Practice of Extraordinary Remedies,” Quo Warranto is one of the oldest rights in common law.
“The earliest case on record appears in the 9th year of Richard I, 1198,” he wrote. “The statute of 9 Anne c. 20 in 1710 authorized a proper officer of a court, with leave of the court, to exhibit an information in the nature of quo warranto, at the ‘relation' of any person desiring to prosecute the same – to be called the relator. Early American statutes were modeled after the Statute of Anne and, indeed, the statute has often been ruled to be part of the common law we inherited from England.”
Antieau noted the Pennsylvania Supreme Court has ruled, “Quo warranto is addressed to preventing a continued exercise of authority unlawfully asserted, rather than to correct what has already been done. …”
Its first recognized purpose, he said, is “to determine the title of persons claiming possession of public offices and to oust them if they are found to be usurpers.”
Among those who are subject to its demands, under court precedent, are chief executives in other U.S. governmental positions, including governors and sheriffs.
As WND has reported on several occasions, none of the so-called “evidence” of Obama's constitutional eligibility produced thus far is beyond reasonable doubt nor as iron-clad as simply producing an authentic birth certificate, something Americans are required to do regularly but the president still refuses to do.
As Jerome Corsi, WND senior staff writer, explained, “The main reason doubts persist regarding Obama's birth certificate is this question: If an original Hawaii-doctor-generated and Hawaii-hospital-released Obama birth certificate exists, why wouldn't the senator and his campaign simply order the document released and end the controversy?
“That Obama has not ordered Hawaii officials to release the document,” Corsi writes, “leaves doubts as to whether an authentic Hawaii birth certificate exists for Obama.”
Although Obama officials have told WND all such allegations are “garbage,” here is a partial listing and status update for some of the cases over Obama's eligibility:
New Jersey attorney Mario Apuzzo has filed a case on behalf of Charles Kerchner and others alleging Congress didn't properly ascertain that Obama is qualified to hold the office of president.
Pennsylvania Democrat Philip Berg has three cases pending, including Berg vs. Obama in the 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, a separate Berg vs. Obama which is under seal at the U.S. District Court level and Hollister vs. Soetoro a/k/a Obama, brought on behalf of a retired military member who could be facing recall to active duty by Obama.
Leo Donofrio of New Jersey filed a lawsuit claiming Obama's dual citizenship disqualified him from serving as president. His case was considered in conference by the U.S. Supreme Court but denied a full hearing.
filed a lawsuit claiming Obama's dual citizenship disqualified him from serving as president. His case was considered in conference by the U.S. Supreme Court but denied a full hearing. Cort Wrotnowski filed suit against Connecticut's secretary of state, making a similar argument to Donofrio. His case was considered in conference by the U.S. Supreme Court, but was denied a full hearing.
Former presidential candidate Alan Keyes headlines a list of people filing a suit in California, in a case handled by the United States Justice Foundation, that asks the secretary of state to refuse to allow the state's 55 Electoral College votes to be cast in the 2008 presidential election until Obama verifies his eligibility to hold the office. The case is pending, and lawyers are seeking the public's support.
Chicago attorney Andy Martin sought legal action requiring Hawaii Gov. Linda Lingle to release Obama's vital statistics record. The case was dismissed by Hawaii Circuit Court Judge Bert Ayabe.
Andy Martin sought legal action requiring Hawaii Gov. Linda Lingle to release Obama's vital statistics record. The case was dismissed by Hawaii Circuit Court Judge Bert Ayabe. Lt. Col. Donald Sullivan sought a temporary restraining order to stop the Electoral College vote in North Carolina until Barack Obama's eligibility could be confirmed, alleging doubt about Obama's citizenship. His case was denied.
In Ohio, David M. Neal sued to force the secretary of state to request documents from the Federal Elections Commission, the Democratic National Committee, the Ohio Democratic Party and Obama to show the presidential candidate was born in Hawaii. The case was denied.
Also in Ohio, there was the Greenberg v. Brunner case which ended when the judge threatened to assess all case costs against the plaintiff.
In Washington state, Steven Marquis sued the secretary of state seeking a determination on Obama's citizenship. The case was denied.
In Georgia, Rev. Tom Terry asked the state Supreme Court to authenticate Obama's birth certificate. His request for an injunction against Georgia's secretary of state was denied by Georgia Superior Court Judge Jerry W. Baxter.
California attorney Orly Taitz has brought a case, Lightfoot vs. Bowen, on behalf of Gail Lightfoot, the vice presidential candidate on the ballot with Ron Paul, four electors and two registered voters.
In addition, other cases cited on the RightSideofLife blog as raising questions about Obama's eligibility include:
In Texas, Darrel Hunter vs. Obama later was dismissed.
In Ohio, Gordon Stamper vs. U.S. later was dismissed.
In Texas, Brockhausen vs. Andrade.
In Washington, L. Charles Cohen vs. Obama.
In Hawaii, Keyes vs. Lingle, dismissed.
Corsi had gone to both Kenya and Hawaii prior to the election to investigate issues surrounding Obama's birth. But his research and discoveries only raised more questions, the biggest being why, if there exists documentation of Obama's eligibility, hasn't it been released to quell the rumors.
Instead, a series of law firms have been hired on Obama's behalf around the nation to prevent any public access to his birth certificate, passport records, college records and other documents.
If you'd like to sound off on this issue, please take part in the WorldNetDaily poll.
The parents of the 2-year-old boy who died after being snatched by an alligator at a Disney resort in Orlando in June have decided not to sue Disney over the toddler's death.
Matt and Melissa Graves issued a statement to KETV, an Omaha, Neb.-based ABC affiliate, on Wednesday, more than a month after an alligator dragged their son Lane into the water by Disney's Grand Floridian Resort & Spa. The Graves said they plan to “keep his spirit alive” by establishing the Lane Thomas Foundation in Lane's honor.
“In addition to the foundation, we will solely be focused on the future health of our family and will not be pursuing a lawsuit against Disney,” the Graves said.
Disney officials were previously aware of potential dangers posed by alligators, according to reports. In 2015, David Hiden, a San Diego attorney, notified a Disney World manager that an alligator had “rapidly” come after his son, who was wading in the lagoon of the Coronado Springs Resort, CBS News reported. According to Hiden, the manager said the alligators were “harmless.”
Walt Disney Resort President George A. Kalogridis said in a statement that the company continues to provide ongoing support for the family.
Write to Mahita Gajanan at mahita.gajanan@time.com.
A CASH-STRAPPED North-East hospital trust has announced plans to introduce car parking charges for Blue Badge holders.
Disabled bays outside County Durham and Darlington NHS Foundation Trust (CDDFT) facilities are set to be brought in line with existing parking tariffs that apply to hospital car parks.
The contentious arrangement is set to be rolled out across CDDFT's three main sites at Darlington Memorial Hospital, University Hospital of North Durham and Bishop Auckland Hospital.
Around 100 designated spaces for Blue Badge users will be affected by the decision, which CDDFT bosses insist has not been made lightly.
Alison McCree, CDDFT's director of estates and facilities, said: “Like all NHS organisations, we are operating in a challenging financial environment and these new arrangements will support economies we have to make, but will help protect our front-line services and staffing.
“The tariffs from car parking charges are re-invested into the trust's central fund to support services and enable improvements to patient care.
“Blue Badge holders will continue to have designated bays and we are installing new payment machines where necessary to ensure these are easily accessible for people using the bays.
“The trust does have a number of concessions in place to support different groups of patients and visitors, including those visiting long stay patients or for patients receiving cancer treatments, and these will continue.”
However, the introduction of parking charges for disabled hospital visitors has angered North-East Blue Badge holders who believe the controversial move will negatively affect those who already face transport struggles.
Gordon Pybus, chair of the Darlington Association on Disability, said: “Just saying this move will also bring us into line with other health trusts and local authorities in the region is not good enough.
“[The trust] should be looking to see how disabled people using their services will be affected and that is why it's important they involve disabled people that use their services in the impact assessment process.
“Using a Blue Badge is not just about not having to pay to park.
"Many Blue Badge users have no other way of getting about – they must use their cars even on very short journeys and that means they need to park them.
“The reason Blue Badge users didn't use to pay was because the reason for their car trips was understood, but the reason is now conveniently forgotten by people who see another way of making money.”
Charges for Blue Badge holders are expected to be brought in during the autumn, with parking rates set between £2.50 for up to two hours and £4 for between three and 24 hours.
Darlington couple Freddie and Janet Walker, who were last night visiting a wheelchair-bound relative at Darlington Memorial Hospital, said they were shocked to hear that charges would be imposed this year.
Mr Walker said: “It's disgusting. There's not much parking at hospitals as it is so often we'll be dropping my mother off who is in hospital, but we'll have to drive around and around to find a space.
“Often there are no disabled bays free so you end up paying anyway which is on top of the blue badge which you also pay for. It's effectively like paying twice.”
A CDDFT spokeswoman stated that more than 30 NHS organisations nationally have already introduced charges for Blue Badge holders and that the number of disabled bays on offer at its three main hospitals exceeds the national recommendation.
However, Bishop Auckland County Councillor Sam Zair, said he believes the fee introduction is a step too far.
Mr Zair said: “Obviously I am disappointed in these charges and it is clear they are to raise more funds for the NHS, but it does seem to be penalising the patients, outpatients and visitors that are sick, but now doing it for Blue Badge holders. It is step too far.
“It they want to raise more funds they want to be looking at each high-paid post and a reduction of salary would not go amiss.”
For many, cold winter winds may mean donning warm winter garb or snuggling up by a fire on a comfortable sofa. For those who are homeless or precariously housed it's often a time to prepare for the ultimate survival test – staying alive.
But staying alive in the cold isn't easy. A number of places in the United States battered by the harsh winter have reported hypothermia related deaths of people living in abandoned buildings and on the streets. Last month in Memphis, Tennessee a homeless man froze to death just hours after he was turned away from a local shelter, and a homeless man in Greenport, New York met a similar fate trying to survive in an uninsulated garage he'd converted into a temporary home . This January in Toronto, Canada's largest city, two homeless men died on cold winter nights. Both men had sought refuge in the only shelter they could find: a bus stop and an abandoned truck.
Cold weather related deaths of those who are homeless or poorly housed are by no means a uniquely North American experience. In fact, it appears to be a truly global phenomenon of significant proportions.
In February 2012, during a six week deep-freeze, Eastern Europe saw staggering numbers of deaths of homeless people: more than 200 in Russia, 74 in Romania, 135 in Ukraine and 82 in Poland. Last year, the United Kingdom saw a 30% increase in “excess winter deaths” with an alarming 7,000 of those attributable to poor housing stock and to “fuel poverty”, where soaring gas and electricity prices force people on low and fixed incomes to make impossible choices: to eat or heat.
Even some of the most unlikely places are not immune from cold weather deaths of homeless people. In January 2013 northern India saw a jump in fatalities. Antarctic cold snaps in Argentina and Chile in 2010 resulted in the deaths of several homeless people. And this winter at least three Palestinians in Gaza, including two infants, died in conditions of extreme cold and flooding as a result of the destruction of their homes during the military offensive they endured last summer.
None of these deaths make sense. Winter is, after all, a cyclical thing: not only expected, but guaranteed. And the extreme cold weather that often accompanies winter is foreseeable, as is the vulnerability to hypothermia, and illness leading to death for those with no housing or poor housing.
Despite all of this predictability, despite the obvious security threat posed by winter, cold-weather deaths continue. What's particularly striking is the general lack of concern for those who are at risk of dying.
It seems we've come to expect that our governments will protect some security interests but not others. These winter deaths should not be blamed solely on the cold weather, but rather also on governments who fail to assume responsibility for the poor and homeless.
If governments don't want to be implicated in these deaths, they must, at the very least, institute a zero-tolerance policy for preventable cold-weather deaths. In the short term, this may mean subsidizing heating costs for those who are poor, and making available adequate emergency services that provide shelter while maintaining the dignity of every individual who makes use of them. In the longer term, governments must adopt housing strategies that demonstrate an understanding of the intersections between housing, and other economic and social policies, human security, and human rights.
Commitments such as these must be made now, in the dead of winter, before the warm summer winds lull us back into the cycle of denial.
On the one hand, California U.S. Rep. Nancy Pelosi claims that Democrats are not “fear-mongers;” on the other hand, she believes civilization is doomed if Republicans take control of the Senate from Democrats in November.
The former speaker of the House made those dramatic, incongruous statements on “Real Time with Bill Maher,” which aired live from Washington, D.C. Friday.
Maher asked Pelosi about recent polling which shows that the GOP is likely to take over the upper chamber and asked, given gridlock in Washingon, why it matters that Democrats keep control.
“It would be very important for the Democrats to retain control of the Senate,” Pelosi told Maher. “Civilization as we know it today would be in jeopardy if the Republicans win the Senate.”
Democrats currently hold 53 seats in the Senate. Republicans have 45. Two independents caucus with Democrats.
Maher asked about voter turnout for Democrats, which he asserted was too low to carry the party in the mid-term.
“Nobody comes about to vote to say ‘thank you,'” Maher said. “The people who get health care now — they're the people least likely to vote. The people who come out to vote are the angry people.”
“That's true,” said Pelosi. “Fear is a motivator, and we are not fear-mongers. The Democrats are messengers of hope, and that's what we will continue to be.”
Nevertheless, Pelosi said she thinks election models are flawed.
“All of the prognostications are predicated on false, ancient, old, stale assumptions,” she claimed. “We're in a whole new world of communications now.”
Pelosi pointed out that “prognosticators” initially predicted that former House Majority Leader Eric Cantor would win his GOP primary by 35 points. Instead, he lost by 10, she said.
“They were 45 points long, 90 miles off shore of Washington, D.C.,” Pelosi said of the pollsters.
“So how do they know what's going on in the heartland of America?” the San Francisco liberal asked.
WATCH:
Follow Chuck on Twitter
High up in the mountains of the Tibetan plateau, nomads crawl on their hands and knees searching for a rather gruesome, but very valuable, parasitical fungus. Ophiocordyceps sinensis germinates in living moth larvae, killing and mummifying them, and then growing a stalk-like fruiting body out of its head.
Commonly known as caterpillar fungus, it is prized in traditional Chinese and Tibetan medicine. The fungus can supposedly be used to treat a wide range of ailments, including asthma, cancer and erectile dysfunction. It is considered as having a balance of yin and yang as it is apparently both animal and vegetable.
Award-winning Getty Images photojournalist Kevin Frayer travelled to the Tibetan Plateau to document the search for the caterpillar fungus.
Frayer told IBTimes UK: "I have travelled often to the Tibetan plateau but this was the first time I was able to see the cordyceps harvest. It's such a short season yet so crucial to the local economy for Tibetans. It's not a traditional way of life for them and a somewhat recent phenomenon fuelled by outrageous demand as a medicine in China. Even though the value of cordyceps is declining a bit, the local people can make enough money for the entire year."
He added: "The harvesting happens at altitudes mostly above 4,500m. The most valuable cordyceps are often in the most arduous places to reach and it's not easy." Environmentalists increasingly warn that overharvesting of caterpillar fungus carries the cost of degradation to mountain grasslands that are essential for yak and cattle grazing.
The demand has created a booming economy for what Tibetans call yartsa gunbu, or summer grass, winter worm (ie, it is a worm in winter and a grass in summer). Top quality, large caterpillar fungus can sell for around $10 (£7) each, or £35,000 per pound. Tibetans who rely primarily on farming and herding have turned to the weeks-long harvest as a means of earning income to last through the year. The annual gold rush has transformed parts of rural Tibetan areas, generating about 40% of the local economy.
Frayer told IBTimes UK: "The most worrying part of this somewhat strange industry is that many Tibetan nomads are choosing this as an alternative to the traditional life of herding yaks and other livestock, hedging everything on the fungus. In many ways it is a big gamble, and I suppose in the process traditions and self-sufficiencies can be lost."
Right-handed defensemen are a hot commodity on the NHL trade market, making Cody Franson a top target as the March 2 deadline approaches.
The Toronto Maple Leafs appear likely to make their impending unrestricted free agent available in a trade as the two sides remain far apart in the quest to agree on a contract extension.
The Detroit Red Wings, Los Angeles Kings and Nashville Predators - who drafted Franson in 2005 - are among a host of teams interested in acquiring his services, according to Pierre Lebrun of ESPN.
Lebrun writes:
The Leafs and Franson's agent Gerry Johansson chatted last week. Toronto expressed willingness to do something in the neighborhood of three years and around $4.4 million to $4.5 million a year. That's just not going to cut it for a defenseman of his ilk who knows he can get six to seven years on the July 1 market at easily north of $5 million ... So really, Franson and the Leafs both have it right here: A divorce serves both sides best. And who knows, the Leafs could always try to sign him come the offseason. In the meantime, Toronto should get a nice return on a top-end right-handed rental defenseman before March 2 (second-round pick plus either a young NHLer or a solid prospect), and they are assets this team needs to start piling up.
Franson leads Maple Leafs defensemen with 29 points (six goals, 23 assists), including a position-high 14 on the power play.
He ranks second in average ice time behind captain Dion Phaneuf, and his handedness will only serve to create more demand as the deadline approaches.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Ralph Nader continued his tour of the West Coast recently in Oakland, CA. Nader declared that the United States is running under a corporate fascist economic system. “We're living in a country whose democracy is beyond the breaking point. The extent of corporate control has developed into corporate fascism,” Nader said.
He said only small businesses still practice capitalism, “We don't have a capitalist economic system – it's corporate fascism. Every major tenet of capitalism is violated by corporate power. Only small businesses still practice capitalism. We used to be able to challenge corporate influence in Washington, but they have so much power now that we can't. The corporations are laughing at us. They're daring us to try to take away their power.”
See this is why we need people like Ralph Nader and Mike Gravel in the race. It astounds me when my fellow Democrats talk about the need for voters to have ballot access and fair elections, then turn around and criticize Ralph Nader as if he is doing something wrong by running for president.
The ultimate check and balance in our governmental system is the freedom of the minority to question the views of the majority. Clinton, McCain, and Obama are all taking corporate dollars. The only difference from previous elections is that they are bundling them as individual donations.
If any of the major party candidates were serious about saving our democracy, the first thing that they would do is promise to work towards the public funding of our elections. Only when elections are publicly funded, is playing field level and we can talk about issues again. If Nader can raise awareness about this problem, then I say more power to him.
Nader quotes came from here.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This is the moment frantic people smashed into a concrete tomb to help a dead teenager who 'woke up' in a coffin.
Startling footage shows grieving family members smashing their way into the tomb and wrenching open the wooden casket, after claiming to have heard 16-year-old Neysi Perez inside.
Relatives claimed they then found the glass viewing window on her coffin had been smashed and the tips of her fingers covered in bruises.
But despite efforts to revive her medics found no signs of life and she was later returned to the cemetery and reburied in the same mausoleum.
Ms Perez, who was three months pregnant, reportedly fell unconscious after waking up in the night to use the outside toilet at her home in La Entrada, western Honduras.
(Image: Primer Impacto/youtube)
It was believed she may have collapsed in an apparent panic attack after hearing a burst of gunfire.
But when the teenager started foaming at the mouth her religious parents called the local priest believing she had become possessed by an evil spirit.
Relatives told how the priest tried to exorcise her, but she later became lifeless and was rushed to hospital, where three hours later doctors declared her dead.
Ms Perez was buried in the wedding dress she had recently used to get married.
A day after her funeral, her husband Rudy Gonzales was visiting her grave at the La Entrada General Cemetery when he heard banging and muffled screams from inside the concrete tomb, and raised the alarm.
(Image: Primer Impacto/youtube)
The footage shows desperate family members breaking through the concrete block tomb with a sledgehammer, before bringing out and opening up Ms Perez's coffin to try to revive her.
Mr Gozales told local TV news Primer Impacto: "As I put my hand on her grave I could hear noises inside. I heard banging, then I heard her voice. She was screaming for help.
"It had already been a day since we buried her. I couldn't believe it. I was ecstatic, full of hope."
Cemetery worker Jesus Villanueva said he had also heard noises coming from the grave.
He said: "I convinced myself that the screams were coming from somewhere else. I never imagined that there was someone alive in there.
(Image: Primer Impacto/youtube)
"That afternoon the girl's husband came to me begging me to get her out because she was alive. He was hysterical. The family were soon here and started breaking through the tomb, shouting her name."
Ms Perez was taken by truck to the nearest hospital in San Pedro Sula, where she was carried in still inside her coffin.
But although medics tried to revive her, all the tests they carried out showed that she was clinically dead.
Doctor Claudia Lopez recalled: "The whole family rushed in, almost breaking the door down, carrying the girl in her casket. I told them to take her out and put her on the bed. Everybody was claiming she was alive so I went through all the necessary procedures.
"We evaluated and tried everything but the girl was dead. They put her back in the coffin and took her away again, back to the cemetery."
(Image: Primer Impacto/youtube)
Doctors believe Ms Perez may have suffered a severe panic attack which could have temporarily stopped her heart activity.
Another hypothesis is that the teenager had a cataplexy attack, an abrupt temporary loss of voluntary muscle function typically triggered by a strong emotional stimulus such as stress or fear, during which the victim maintains full conscious awareness.
She may then have died from lack of oxygen after waking up inside the closed coffin.
Her cousin, Carolina Perez, said: "Once we had taken her out of the tomb I put my hand on her body. She was still warm, and I felt a faint heart beat.
"She had scratches on her forehead and bruises on her fingers. It looked like she had tried desperately to get out of the casket and hurt herself."
Ms Perez's mother Maria Gutierrez firmly believes her daughter was buried alive and blames medics for being too quick to sign her death certificate.
(Image: Primer Impacto/youtube)
She said: "The doctors declared her dead but everybody else around me kept telling me she wasn't. She didn't look like she had died.
"Even after a day in the tomb the colour of her body was normal, her corpse didn't smell, she just looked like she was in a deep sleep. There was no rigamortis, her body was still flexible, it was impossible that she had been dead for so many hours.
"We were all so happy. After being declared dead for such a long time, everybody was saying that she had come back to life. We were all so happy. I thought I was going to get my daughter back."
Despite high rents in the center of the city, people in Northeast Seattle and the Rainier Valley are more cost-burdened by rent than anywhere else in the city, reports the Seattle PI.
The PI, based on a 2016 analysis of a Census Bureau survey conducted from 2010 to 2014, ranked several neighborhoods in and suburbs around Seattle. They found that while things aren't easy for any neighborhood, in Northeast Seattle, about 60.5 percent of renters spend 30 percent of their income or more on rent—higher than anywhere else in the area.
Rainier Valley, one of the few neighborhoods left in Seattle with a majority-nonwhite population, isn't far behind, at 60.2.
Citywide, Seattle has a higher population of cost-burdened renters than the county as a whole—citywide, about 47 percent.
Still, many suburbs generally thought of as low-cost alternatives ranked high: SeaTac and Tukwila combined have 58.2 percent of their population spending more than 30 percent on rent.
Capitol Hill and Downtown renters had a lower cost-burdened population than citywide, at 40.6 and 42.4 percent, respectively.
By US Housing and Urban Development standards, rent that costs 30 percent or less of one's income is considered affordable.
The ranking doesn't tell us where rent is highest—but it could serve as an analysis of areas where people are most on the verge of getting priced out.
Looking at it that way, this is likely not news to those living on the edge of the city in the Northeast, communities in the Rainier Valley, and people that have already been priced into the suburbs.
The Vice-president of Republicans Overseas Dr Jan Halper-Hayes has lashed out the GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump, calling the billionaire "truly psychologically unbalanced".
Speaking on BBC Radio 4's Today programme, Hayes said that while she felt guilty for criticising the head of her party, Trump had "gone over the top".
Hayes explained she had the property mogul and former reality TV star fill out a temperament assessment for her book Quiet Desperation: The Truth About Successful Men.
She said his temperament, the personality traits he was born with, were "really concerning" and added "Donald is out of control right now".
Trump, who has courted unprecedented controversy since he began his bid for the US presidency, has had to defend comments in which he attacked the parents of a Muslim soldier US Army Capt Humayun Khan, killed in action in Iraq in 2004.
At the Democratic National Convention the soldier's father, Khizr Khan, had denounced Trump for his pledge to ban Muslims from entering the United States if elected president. Republican figures including Senator John McCain, the 2008 Republican presidential nominee have criticised Trump for his attacks on the family.
The son-in-law of Republican firebrand Sarah Palin, Dakota Meyer, who received the Medal of Honor in 2011, has also lashed out at Trump on Twitter.
"If @realDonaldTrump wants to be the Commander in Chief, he needs to act like one. And that cant start until he apologizes to the Khans," Meyer said on the social media platform.
Note (25 August 2016): This article has been amended to remove reference to the organisation's constituency.
SQL Server 2008 T-SQL MERGE Statement Example Microsoft SQL Server 2008 has T-SQL enhancements like SQL MERGE statement for sql developers and SQL Server database administrators (DBAs). SQL Server 2008 MERGE T-SQL command can be used to insert, update and/or delete in one sql statement.
T-SQL Merge command will compare two sets of data or two tables.
If there are matched ones than Merge command will update matched ones.
If there are unmatched rows from one set of data into other then Merge will insert missing rows.
Merge command can be also used to delete unmatched ones from the primary table.
Here is a Merge example that you should run on MS SQL Server 2008 databases to view the results of T-SQL MERGE command.
CREATE TABLE Books (
BookId smallint,
Title varchar(100),
Author varchar(25),
ISBN varchar(50),
Pages int
)
GO
INSERT INTO BOOKS VALUES
(1, 'Microsoft SQL Server 2005 For Dummies', 'Andrew Watt', NULL, NULL),
(2, 'Microsoft SQL Server 2005 For Dummies', NULL, NULL, 432),
(3, 'Microsoft SQL Server 2005 For Dummies', NULL, '978-0-7645-7755-0', NULL)
GO
SELECT * FROM Books
Here is how the data in sql table Books is shown after the SELECT statement execution.
As a T-SQL Developer, I want to convert the above 3 rows of data into a single row.
In a way I want to group these columns taking the book title as a base.
Also I want to merge these three rows into a single row. This means while updating column values of a single row, I have to get rid of the other table rows. This means I will delete duplicate rows as taking the book title as base for compare these all sql table rows.
The below t-sql GROUP BY statement select the data I want, but does not update the row or delete duplicate rows in sql table.
SELECT
MAX(BookId) BookId,
Title,
MAX(Author) Author,
MAX(ISBN) ISBN,
MAX(Pages) Pages
FROM Books
GROUP BY Title
Using MS SQL Server 2008 T-SQL Merge command we will now build one single statement which will update one row and delete the others from the sql table.
Here is the code for t-sql merge example
MERGE Books
USING
(
SELECT
MAX(BookId) BookId,
Title,
MAX(Author) Author,
MAX(ISBN) ISBN,
MAX(Pages) Pages
FROM Books
GROUP BY Title
) MergeData ON Books.BookId = MergeData.BookId
WHEN MATCHED THEN
UPDATE SET
Books.Title = MergeData.Title,
Books.Author = MergeData.Author,
Books.ISBN = MergeData.ISBN,
Books.Pages = MergeData.Pages
WHEN NOT MATCHED BY SOURCE THEN DELETE;
GO
SELECT * FROM Books
And the result set of the above select statement after the Merge command is executed is just as we have targeted.
I hope you liked this SQL Server 2008 T-SQL Merge example.
You can find a similar tutorial on Merge command at SQL Server 2008 T-SQL Merge Command Enhancement and Example titled article.
Also please refer to SQL Merge in Trigger for more SQL Server Merge command examples. Here SQLCMD Utility and SQL Merge command are used together to build a handy tool for database administrators.
Tweet
Related SQL Resources
Announcing a brand-new line of Classic X-Men, coming soon from Funko!
This series includes many heroes from the Marvel comics in a variety of forms, including Pop!, Dorbz, Mystery Minis, and more!
Collect them all and fight for peace between humans and mutants! Coming this fall!
Pop!: Classic X-Men
The Pop! line features several prominent, awesome mutants!
Cable, an Alpha-level mutant capable of telepathy and telekinesis, is joined by his teammate Archangel, whose enormous wings grant him the power of flight!
Also featured are the super-fast Quicksilver, telekinetic Psylocke, razor-sharp Sabretooth, and impressively powerful Storm!
Pop! Vinyl figures measure approximately 3 3/4-inches tall and come packaged in a window display box.
Coming in November!
Pocket Pop! Keychain: Magneto
Add some flair to your keys with Magneto, who can,control magnetic fields! Pocket Pop! Keychains are approximately
1 1/4-inches tall and come with a key ring.
Coming in November!
Dorbz: Classic X-Men
The super-human mutants are also coming as Dorbz!
Collect Storm, Psylocke, and Sabretooth, as well as Cyclops, a
founding member of the X-Men who can emit energy blasts from his eyes!
You can also get Dark Phoenix, one of the strongest mutants to ever live, and Emma Frost, who can turn herself into diamond! Keep an eye out for Emma Frost's diamond chase variant (a 1 in 6 rarity)!
Be sure to look for Cable, available exclusively at Walmart!
Dorbz figures are approximately 3-inches tall and
come packaged in a window display box.
Coming in November!
Mystery Minis: Classic X-Men
Collect all the mutants as Mystery Minis!
Coming in November!
Dorbz Ridez: Blackbird Jet w/ Beast
One of the founding members of the X-Men, Beast is a genius who serves as a medic and physician for his teammates. Collect Beast and the X-Men's Blackbird Jet, exclusively at Walmart!
Coming in December!
This article was first published in August 2014, but one year on, the advice here still represents the cheapest and most cost-efficient way to upgrade your PS4 to 2TB. However, the upgrade situation isn't quite as clear as it was, because Seagate has released an updated 2015 model of our preferred upgrade drive. At the time of writing, both 2014 and 2015 models are available to buy and we would recommend the older version. The exact same drive is inside both units but the older version is a touch cheaper and the USB caddy is much, much easier to open. Important note: The 1TB version of the Seagate drive is not suitable for the PS4 transplant procedure. There is no SATA connection on the internal drive, meaning it is not compatible with the PlayStation 4. The 2TB models indicated work fine.
In our PlayStation 4 hard drive upgrade guide we found that using an SSD delivered the best experience when it came to producing shorter loading times, faster texture streaming, and generally smoother day-to-day operation of the console. However, these gains didn't translate consistently across all titles and in the end we found that the Hitachi Z7K1000 (a 7200rpm 1TB mechanical hard drive) provided us with the best price/performance ratio while also offering up a significant increase in storage capacity over the stock PS4 drive. Right now it costs around £45-£55 and that's pretty decent value for a 7200rpm drive - but the Seagate STBX2000401 and STEA2000400 are 2TB external USB drives available for £60-£65.
Clearly, a doubling of storage for just £15-£20 more represents a much more enticing deal, especially when the performance overall isn't that much worse (and is still faster than the stock 500GB drive). The fact that the HDD itself is contained in an enclosure shouldn't put you off. The chassis can be pried apart by carefully pushing a screwdriver, scalpel or knife through the grooves at the side (we recommend a scalpel for the revised STEA2000400 model), before pushing down to lift and unclip the top and bottom plastics from each other. This has to be done slowly around the unit to avoid any damage, but it is a fairly simple process that doesn't take long.
Once the drive is free from the plastic housing it's simply a case of unplugging the SATA to USB adaptor and then removing the screws (and rubber guards) on the sides so the unit fits into the PS4's hard drive caddy, and then into the console itself.
A video guide on how to open up the Seagate expansion caddy, removing the 2TB drive and upgrading your PS4.
Order the drives covered in this article from Amazon, with free shipping:
Inside the supplied enclosure of both the 2014 and 2015 Seagate offerings, we find a Samsung Momentus Spinpoint ST2000LM003, rated at 5400rpm and featuring 32MB of cache. It retails for around £85 when purchased as a standard 2.5-inch internal notebook drive, but the remarkable reality is that it costs £25 less in its Seagate Expansion portable guise - for exactly the same drive! Bizarrely, it is often the case that bare laptop drives cost considerably more than their enclosed brethren. It's also worth pointing out that it's possible to reuse the Seagate enclosure to house the stock PS4 drive after it has been removed from the console, thus repurposing it as a 500GB portable storage unit - it simply clips back together with the old drive inserted. After formatting, it works perfectly well on PC, Mac and Xbox One.
The ST2000LM003 is also very useful in that it's a 9.5mm 2.5-inch drive. While we've found that the thicker 12mm drives will physically fit into the PS4, it's a tight fit that could transmit noise, vibration and heat through the chassis - so it's best to stick to the recommended 9.5mm and 7mm standards. You can try extracting a 2TB drive from another chassis, but you may well end up with a thicker, more undesirable unit. Alternatively, you may well end up with a unit that's virtually impossible to access without taking a hacksaw to the enclosure - the Toshiba drive we used in our Xbox One upgrade guide was impervious to all of our flat-headed screwdrivers, knives and scalpels.
Before delving into any PS4-based testing we benchmarked the drive using CrystalDiskMark and HD Tune in our PC to give us some raw performance data. We used a SATA-2 connection in order to get a closer match to the hardware inside the PS4 (there's no real need for SATA-3 in the console's use-case scenarios). In this case we were particularly interested to see if the higher density platters of this 2TB drive would help to offset the slower speed rotation compared to the 7200rpm unit.
Stock Drive 1TB Hitachi Z7K1000 1TB Seagate Hybrid 240GB Crucial M500 SSD 2TB Seagate Read Speed (Sequential/512K) 116.5MB/s / 40.4MB/s 132.9MB/s / 42.6MB/s 95.9MB/s / 40.6MB/s 191.9MB/s / 189.7MB/s 122.1MB/s / 39.6MB/s Write Speed (Sequential/512K) 114.4MB/s / 40.7MB/s 127.9MB/s / 55.7MB/s 106.7MB/s / 62.8MB/s 211.8MB/s / 62.7MB/s 120.9MB/s / 42.6MB/s Access Time 21.1ms 17.3ms 6.9ms to 20.9ms 0.06ms 14.9ms Gigs per GBP - 18.7 13.3 2.7 31
Order our comparison hard drive with free shipping:
Right off the bat the results are promising and represent an improvement over the stock PS4 hard drive. The ST2000LM003 reads data at speeds closer to the Hitachi Z7K1000 and also features slightly quicker access times when seeking between different files. Meanwhile, write speeds are slower than the Hitachi but the ST2000LM003 still beats out the stock PS4 drive across virtually all of the tests, meaning that we should see this hopefully translate into shorter load times and better texture streaming when gaming.
Indeed, the boost in speed we see in the benchmarks translates into tangible decreases in loading times across a few games, although the results are quite variable, suggesting that some titles benefit more from running off faster hard drives than others. In this case, boot and loading times are indeed shorter when using the Seagate Expansion drive over the PS4's stock HDD in Thief and Trials Fusion, with similar performance to that of the Hitachi Z7K1000 and the Hybrid SSHD.
By comparison, the results in Call of Duty: Ghosts and Metal Gear Solid 5: Ground Zeros are mixed - sometimes the ST2000LM003 delivers shorter loading times compared to the stock hard drive, sometimes there is no improvement at all. Curiously, Need for Speed: Rivals is the odd one out here because loading times are actually longer than the other drives when using the ST2000LM003, and we're not really sure why - we performed all background downloads and update installations before we began testing the game.
While performance isn't consistent across every game, the Seagate Expansion offers quicker loading times than the stock PS4 hard drive and compares quite favourably with the Hitachi, although it isn't quite as fast.
Loading Time (secs) Stock Drive 1TB Hitachi Z7K1000 1TB Seagate Hybrid 240GB Crucial M500 SSD 2TB Seagate COD: Ghosts - Initial Load 23.60 19.67 19.22 16.53 23.37 COD: Ghosts - Ghost Stories 38.25 33.22 30.10 28.80 37.43 COD: Ghosts - Struck Down 29.22 27.13 26.85 26.85 29.96 Thief - Level One Load 52.08 34.67 34.67 34.43 39.54 Thief - Level Two Load 23.50 20.98 23.01 21.04 21.67 Thief - Level Three Load 38.97 37.12 36.72 35.57 38.58 MGS5: Ground Zeroes - Initial Load 44.93 43.30 41.67 32.82 43.17 MGS5: Ground Zeroes - Renegade Threat 15.33 14.13 15.20 14.43 14.46 MGS5: Ground Zeroes - Classified Intel 14.71 14.76 14.79 13.98 14.11 NFS: Rivals - Initial Load 18.25 18.14 17.59 16.40 19.88 NFS: Rivals - Start Game 24.85 24.85 25.10 23.17 33.55 NFS: Rivals - To Race 11.01 10.91 10.84 10.74 14.06 Trials Fusion - Initial Load 04.70 04.52 03.82 04.42 04.92 Trials Fusion - Stage One 15.11 13.17 13.10 13.10 12.99 Trials Fusion - Waterworks 13.01 09.67 09.62 09.62 10.47
Elsewhere, console boot times remain the same as the stock hard drive and the Hitachi 7200rpm unit, while disc-based installations are somewhat inconsistent, with speed determined by the efficiency of the PS4's Blu-ray drive. However, installations of digitally downloaded games do benefit from the Seagate's higher platter density compared with the stock 5400rpm drive. While the 2TB unit may spin the platters at a much lower speed, the physical size of the disk is larger - so more data is read in with each rotation.
As is to be expected, we encountered no improvements in frame-rate or frame-time stability when upgrading to a faster hard drive or SSD during our original testing, although there are benefits with regard to speeding up asset streaming on some games, helping to decrease or eliminate unsightly low resolution artwork. Trials Fusion features more noticeable texture streaming issues on the PS4 compared to the Xbox One game, with transitions between mip-maps (different quality level textures) occurring far more noticeably when using the console's stock hard drive, making the game ideal testing material.
We found that the use of an SSD dramatically improved performance with higher quality assets loading into RAM before these objects were rendered on screen, and while the Hitachi 7200rpm drive and the hybrid SSHD didn't deliver the same kind of speed boost, we still saw a reduction in the amount of very low resolution artwork displayed on screen during the visible LOD transitions.
Texture streaming is an issue in Trials Fusion when using the stock hard drive with lower quality assets appearing on screen for prolonged periods. With the Seagate drive installed, higher resolution mip-maps are loaded in more quickly than the stock HDD. It almost matches the Hitachi, but doesn't quite manage to resolve the same level of texture quality across the entire scene in the same time-frame.
So how well does the 2TB ST2000LM003 fare in comparison? Bearing in mind that platter rotation is significantly slower than the Hitachi 7200rpm drive, the results are certainly impressive - the increase in data density on the disk pays off. Across a general run of play we see higher quality assets streaming in noticeably quicker compared to the stock drive pretty much on a permanent basis. Generally speaking, the 2TB 5400rpm drive can't keep up with an SSD, but it battles it out nicely with the 7200rpm and hybrid units to the point where we had to look at things on a frame-by-frame basis to pick up individual differences.
Overall, when it comes to upgrading your PS4 hard drive, it's difficult to recommend the performance options when the gains on anything other than an SSD can be rather marginal, and when the price per gig with the Seagate Expansion deal is light years ahead of the otherwise preferred solid-state solution. In truth, bearing in mind that few titles are impacted by drive performance, we would have been happy with speeds equivalent to the stock drive, but the ST2000LM003 appears to better the standard unit - a welcome bonus on what is a remarkable deal.
So are there any downsides? Well, it's safe to say that taking a screwdriver or scalpel to the caddy is an automatic, do-not-pass-go trip to warranty hell should anything go wrong, meaning that you'll get no support from Seagate should the drive fail. On top of that, the 2015 STEA2000400 Seagate is much harder to open than the 2014 model, meaning that chipping on the insertion point when you try to prise the case apart is really difficult to avoid. If you do decide to go down this route, you should thoroughly test the unit in a PC or Mac before prying it open in order to upgrade your PlayStation 4. But the rewards are clearly worth it - this is the best-value route to 2TB of storage we could find, and a bonus caddy for your old drive is the icing on the cake.
Today Labour is at a fork in the road. Just 12 months after members, politicians, trade unions and supporters gathered to witness the crowning of a new leader, we are back here again.
This has been a sobering year for anyone in the Labour family. The reasons for this are complicated and painful but here is not the place to rehearse what has gone right and wrong.
It is, instead, necessary to calmly assess the state of the party and the country. Each has been transformed, respectively, by the emergence of Momentum and by the result of the EU referendum.
Britain is in the grip of ten years of Tory rule. Theresa May has risen to the highest office in the land on the back of decades of near-constant caution. She is likely to stay there, unelected, until at least 2020.
Labour remains far from power. There are positives amid the internal politicking – the acclamation of a new leader presents the opportunity for a fresh start. The party has a record number of members; is in rude financial health, as Iain McNicol, the general secretary, made clear yesterday; has won crucial victories in parliament over disgraceful Tory plans to cut tax credits and disability payments; is back in power in London and Wales; and is bursting with ideas.
There are, however, plenty of problems to worry members across the country. Labour is struggling to provide an effective Opposition in parliament to one of the most regressive Tory governments; there is a mountain to climb in Scotland; around Britain there is a divide between party activists, who in large numbers support the leader, and MPs, who don't; and, all too often, that division has been expressed a manner that is cruel, rather than comradely.
This post is not about the role of the person at the top of the party. LabourList has remained neutral on the leadership contest and has not attempted to dictate to its readers on how to vote this summer.
What we want to say, and hammer home, is that Labour must move on after today.
Few in the party have the stomach for another year of the like we have just seen. The in-fighting has sapped morale and distracted attention from the failures of the Tories on grammar schools, Brexit and several international crises, such as the heart-breaking conflict in Syria.
So Labour must improve its performance significantly. Whoever claims the leadership today must do a better job of holding to account the government. MPs who are critical of Jeremy Corbyn are entitled to make an argument about the direction of Labour, but must deliver criticism in a measured way, and should direct their passion for social justice towards fighting the Tories relentlessly.
Similarly it is perfectly reasonable for activists to debate and disagree with their MPs and candidates – in fact, it can be a good thing – but there is no place for abuse or threats of mandatory re-selection. The majority of members already respect this stance. A few are still learning.
Discussions of the record of the last Labour government will never go away but need to bear in mind the many successes, from peace in Northern Ireland to the minimum wage and Sure Start, as well as its failures. Blair and Brown have moved on. So should we.
We need to talk and listen to each other more. A two-candidate election is inevitably polarising, with each side demonising their rivals. But many of the challenges Labour faces are far more long-term than Corbyn's leadership, including our decline in Scotland and the deep divisions between our core supporters exposed by the EU referendum. That is why LabourList is now more important than ever. From the top to the grassroots of the party, nobody should talk only to their side of the party, but should reach across, persuade and understand their counterparts. This site exists for people to do just that.
There is no easy answer to Labour's woes but it is clear that members and MPs – whether from the frontbench or the backbenches – must come together from today. By the strength of our common endeavour we achieve more than we achieve alone.
Peter Edwards, editor.
Tom Happold, executive editor.
Conor Pope, senior staff writer.
All the Barney/Robin key scenes that have taken place in a season finale and/or in a taxi or in a hospital speak in favor of Barney and Robin.
They indicate that B/R might get back together/have a significant scene together even before the bride reveal, namely in the labour scene which I'm sure will continue into the season finale.
B/R hospital scenes:
1) S03 Finale: "Ted said that right before the accident, his life flashed before his eyes. You know, all the stuff he loves. Did that happen to you?"
2) S04 Finale: "I love you." "Let's get married!" "No! You're smothering me!" "Okay, forget it!"
The B/R hospital scenes both happened in the season finale.
Since this season will (very likely) also end in a hospital, I'm sure they'll continue the tradition of having something important happen between B/R in that setting.
The scenes always contained some sort of realization and were the resolve for an issue important to the past season.
In fact, the B/R relationship has been very significant to this season, and they keep coming back to it, if subtly.
And there are lots of possibilities for some sort of realization in the season finale which can mostly just play out positively for B/R: Robin realizing Barney has grown up and is ready for a relationship Robin getting to know Barney and Quinn broke up and getting ready to make a move Barney finding out about Robin's infertility Barney finding out about Robin's feelings
In fact, the B/R relationship has been very significant to this season, and they keep coming back to it, if subtly. And there are lots of possibilities for some sort of realization in the season finale which can mostly just play out positively for B/R:
B/R taxi scenes:
2) S06 Finale: "And she loved him too, didn't she?" "Yeah, she did."
"And she loved him too, didn't she?" "Yeah, she did."
One of the founders of Reddit, a Digg-clone, openly criticized Digg founder Kevin Rose yesterday for his plans to implement “me-too” features into the new version of the service. We consider this to be absurd and rather impolite.
Yesterday we discovered a video showing some of the features of the upcoming relaunch of Digg. In a nutshell, Digg has been trying to find a way to leverage social sharing to make the site more relevant, and users will soon see links to interesting things based on the what people and entities they choose to follow are voting on.
That goal isn't anything new, founder Kevin Rose has been talking openly about it for more than a year now.
Will it help save Digg, which has been stuck in a no-growth cycle for years now as services like Twitter and Facebook have surged? I have no idea. I do know that Digg will now become much more personally relevant to me, and TechCrunch will certainly be auto-publishing to Digg and adding a Digg button to posts.
I love nothing more than shouting my opinion on things, and I've been particularly harsh on Rose and Digg over the last several months. But opinions are one thing. Rewriting history is another.
Hypocrisy Alert
Reddit, a site for discovering and sharing new things, was launched in mid-2005, more than six months after Digg. There were very few differences between Reddit and Digg then, and they haven't diverged all that much since then, either. Both sites allow users to vote on submitted stories/links, and the most popular stories are on the home page. Reddit ripped off the core Digg idea when it launched. Which is totally fine in my opinion, since the Internet has evolved in this way from the beginning. You take someone else's ideas and you try to improve on them.
But Reddit cofounder Alexis Ohanian says Digg needs new ideas. From his post:
…this new version of digg reeks of VC meddling. It's cobbling together features from more popular sites and departing from the core of digg, which was to “give the power back to the people.” Those are your words from that aforementioned 2004 video segment. Now what matters is how many followers & influence a user has and how many followers & influence they've got. Where have we heard this before: Twitter? Facebook? GoogleBuzz? Kevin, you absolutely deserve all the credit for starting the movement — fascinating things happen when online communities can efficiently share content. Whales get silly names and we can expose the tragedies our fellow man endures faster than ever before. It's a damned shame to see digg just re-implementing features from other websites.
Is it reasonable criticism? Absolutely (although I disagree with it). And when it's being said by someone who cloned the site that he is now complaining is copying features from others, it becomes absurd.
But hold on just one minute – Ohanian says he never even knew about Digg when he decided to build Reddit half a year after Digg launched:
Funded by Y Combinator, Steve Huffman and I started work on reddit in June 2005, which we launched a month later. A month after that, we learned about digg and realized this was going to be an interesting new space — we had some catching up to do.
Is that possible? Did they really invent the Digg idea completely independently from Digg six months after Digg launched? And no one at Y Combinator pointed out that there were similarities?
Paul Carr put this best when we were discussing this post internally on Yammer: “So at best they did zero research before they launched Reddit into a space that kinda relies on the founders knowing where to find cool new stuff online.”
At worst of course he's simply lying.
Everyone knows that Digg needs to do something to find relevance again. This new version looks as good to me as anything else I've heard suggested, and it certainly doesn't smell like something the venture capitalists forced down their throat. Kevin returned to a full time role at Digg earlier this year and clearly wants to prove that he can bring this company back to life. He's excited about Digg, clearly. He may succeed. He may fail. But at least he's in the arena and fighting valiantly.
(Leah L. Jones/For The Washington Post)
Roosevelt University's Stephen Ziliak has uncovered beer's very important contribution to the world of statistics research. As he details in this month's Journal of Wine Economics, Guinness brewmaster W.S. Gossett published in 1904 one of the first papers on statistical significance. It explored how many trial brews Guinness needed to ensure it produced pints consumers would swallow:
Guinness malt was produced in Gosset's time primarily from Irish and English barley stock — Old Irish, Prentice, Plumage Archer, and Spratt Archer were effective varieties. Malt extract was measured by “degrees saccharine” per barrel. An extract in the neighborhood of 133 saccharine gave the targeted level of alcohol for Guinness's beer. A much higher degree of saccharine would affect the stability and life of the beer, but it also increases alcohol content — which in turn increases the excise tax which Guinness owes to the British government, which — sad to say — ups the price of Dad's pint.
If, on the other hand, the alcohol content comes in too low, if the degree of saccharine is insufﬁcient, customers would riot, or switch to Beamish and Beck's. In Gosset's view, .5 degrees saccharine was a difference or error in malt extract which Guinness and its customers could swallow. “It might be maintained,” he said, “that malt extract “should be [estimated] within .5 of the true result with a probability of 10 to 1”. Using the mean differences of saccharine values of extracts, between the Main and Experimental breweries, Gosset calculated the odds of observing the stipulated accuracy for small and then large numbers of extracts. [He] concluded, “In order to get the accuracy we require [that is, 10 to 1odds with .5 accuracy], we must, therefore, take the mean of [at least] four determinations.”
There you have it — statistical significance, in a pint.
BAY CITY, MI -- A Bay City woman is in hot water for allegedly posting some nasty comments about a former friend on Facebook.
On Monday, Oct. 19, a Bay County Sheriff's deputy responded to a 45-year-old woman's harassment complaint. The woman told the deputy a former friend of hers, 35-year-old Rene K. Kolka, was posting derogatory comments on Facebook, court records show.
The complainant provided the deputy with copies of the Facebook posts, court records show. In them, Kolka referred to the other woman as a "slut," said "We all know her skanky ways," referred to her as a "skinny tall coke head" and advised others "Don't catch an STD" from her, court records show. Kolka also posted the woman's phone number, court records show.
The complainant told police she has since received numerous calls from unknown men inquiring about her, court records show. She went on to say the ordeal was awful, embarrassing and potentially detrimental to her career.
The woman said she had a falling out with Kolka about two years previously and did not know why Kolka was publishing the posts now, court records show.
The deputy on Oct. 20 went to Kolka's last known address. A fellow tenant of the apartment building told the deputy Kolka moved out in the middle of the night a month prior, court records show.
The deputy later telephoned Kolka, but she refused to give him her current address. She did not deny the messages were on her Facebook page, but said her account had recently been hacked and someone else may have published the statements, court records show. Kolka went on to tell the deputy she would remove the offensive statements.
Authorities issued a warrant for Kolka's arrest on Monday, Jan. 4. She voluntarily appeared for arraignment in Bay County District Court on Friday, Feb. 19.
Kolka is charged with one count of unlawful posting of a message, punishable by up to two years in prison and a $5,000 fine. State law defines this crime as follows:
(1) A person shall not post a message through the use of any medium of communication, including the internet or a computer, computer program, computer system, or computer network, or other electronic medium of communication, without the victim's consent, if all of the following apply:
(a) The person knows or has reason to know that posting the message could cause 2 or more separate noncontinuous acts of unconsented contact with the victim.
(b) Posting the message is intended to cause conduct that would make the victim feel terrorized, frightened, intimidated, threatened, harassed, or molested.
(c) Conduct arising from posting the message would cause a reasonable person to suffer emotional distress and to feel terrorized, frightened, intimidated, threatened, harassed, or molested.
(d) Conduct arising from posting the message causes the victim to suffer emotional distress and to feel terrorized, frightened, intimidated, threatened, harassed, or molested.
Kolka is to appear for a preliminary examination before District Judge Mark E. Janer at 3 p.m. on Tuesday, March 8.
I dont know how or what Bethesda was thinking when creatingitems that are supposed to be of legend turning out to be absolutely useless.
Take Red Eagle's Bane for example. For such a fabled sword that the legendary hero once used, It's pretty terrible. With the added effect of turning undead? Thats it? I dont know about you but fear effects is perhaps one of the most frustrating things you can deal with as they continually run away prolonging the fight. Thats just an example. So here are the changes. Keep in mind that majority of the changes are just enchantments. If you experience any bugs or
have a suggestion, please feel free to comment.
==MACE OF MOLAG BAL==
Absorb 25 points of stamina
Deal 15 points of magicka damage
Soul Trap targets
A 15% chance to paralyze targets when they have low stamina
Context: While I somewhat liked this item initially, it still felt lack luster.
I changed it where you now absorb stamina to keep that swinging arm swinging
and nerfed the magicka damage a bit in compensation of adding chance
paralyzation. Now they will have no choice but to get on their knees and
submit.
==RED EAGLE'S BANE==
Deals 10 points of fire damage
Absorb 5 points of health
Deals 35% more damage against Man.
(^Due tohow this works and for balance purposes, it will only be applied if its the
only weapon in your hand)
Context: Reading stories after stories of Red Eagle, he sounds like an absolute
badass. I was highly dissappointed when I find out that the fight is just with
another Dragur and the blade is so lack luster on top of it. I buffed it up a
bit and added the increased damage to reflect his lore. Just like the nord's
equivalent of Wuuthrad.
==OKIN AND EDUJ==
Okin deals 10 frost damage
Eduj deals 10 shock damage
When wielding both, swing 30% faster.
Context: Just like Red Eagle, Kvenel, is a legendary hero who is a dual wields a
sword and a war axe. And unlike Red Eagle's bossfight, this one was actually
challenging. While I kept the same base enchantments, I added an element of
berserker to these legendary weapons.
==PALE BLADE==
Deal 10 frost damage
Absorb 10 magicka
If target has low stamina, increase frost damage by +15
Context: I can sort've got what Bethesda was going far by making this item the
complete opposite of Red Eagle. Where this does frost damage and turns people.
Again, horrible! It was no doubt better than Red Eagle's Bane by stats alone
but still.
==VOLENDRUNG==
Absorb 50 points of stamina
Forward power attacks have a 25% chance to stun your target
Context: All this item had going was to absorb stamina and it swings as fast
as a greatsword. The former which you can craft a better enchantment. So I
wanted to give this mighty hammer more of a impact.
==SAVIOR'S HIDE==
Blocks 15% of Magicka damage
50% resistance to poison
+30% to Health and Stamina regeneration
Context: For the most part, this item was practically useless in a lot of ways.
While the 15% magicka block is nice, it alone doesnt make the item worthwhile.
None of the less that poison resistance will hardly see any use. So I thought
to add a buff to stamina and health regeneration.
==MASQUE OF CLAVICUS VILE==
+25 points to Speech
+20 fortify to Persuasion
+20 to Illusion
+50% Magicka regen
Context: This was perhaps one of the worst Daedric items in the game. Practically
nothing about it was decent except for maybe the barter which for some reason
they have it as Speechcraft which is literally the same thing. So I decided to
make it better to better fit the theme of being the masque of admiration. And
only +5% magicka regen? What?
==DAWNBREAKER==
Deals 10 fire damage
Meridia's Retribution (same enchantment)
Deals an additional 10 fire damage to undead.
Context: This is a paladin weapon, so why is it moderately weak? Yeah sure the
Retribution enchantment is decent but thats about it. So I thought to buff it a
little against Undead enemies. Now its truly a weapon for Paladins.
==WUUTHRAD==
+35%damage to elven kind.
Context:It was originally at 20%, so I buffed it up to 35% as this item can also be
enchanted with another effect.
==ANGI'S BOW==
Learn Archery skills 10% faster
Context: I thought about making this bow more unique to set it apart from all the other
hunting bows. Now its great for beginners who want to delve into archery.
==NETTLEBANE==
Deals 30fire damage to Spriggan kind Context:For a dagger that sole purpose is to cut through nature and Spriggans, it sure
did a whole lot of nothing.
==DRAGONPRIEST DAGGER==
20% armor penetration Context:It's a relatively rare and unique item. So why not make it so?
==Kahvozein's Fang==
Deals 25extra damage to Dragons
Deals 10shock damage to others
Context:The unique version of a unique item. So I wanted to feel more unique than its
unique cousin so it can feel somewhat unique because I like unique things.
==PREDATOR'S GAZE==
Your movement is muffled
Lightarmor weighs nothing and doesn't slow you down when worn
Context: Aside from the muffle, there was no reason to pick these over items you can
enchant yourself. That is until I made it where your movement is unhindered by
light armor. Now you can better roam around as a predator.
-------------------------------And thats that for now. I am planning on buffing other unique items in the nearfuture so be sure to check this page every now and then!
HOUSTON -- All offseason -- after the Houston Texans traded Brock Osweiler to the Cleveland Browns -- the front office and coaching staff have said they believe in Tom Savage to be the team's starting quarterback.
2017 NFL DRAFT Round 1: Thursday, 8 p.m., ESPN/ESPN App
Rds. 2-3: Friday, 7 p.m., ESPN/ESPN App
Rds. 4-7: Saturday, noon, ESPN/ESPN App
Where: Philadelphia NFL draft home page » • 2017 NFL draft order »
• Mel Kiper's final Mock Draft »
• Todd McShay's final Mock Draft »
• McShay's ultimate draft preview »
• McShay's final prospect rankings »
• Kiper's final Big Board: Top 300 »
• Kiper v. McShay: Head-to-head Mock »
• McShay's biggest needs for all 32 »
• McShay's 2017 All-Satellite Team »
But in a huge move in the first round of the NFL draft, the Texans traded two first-round picks (No. 25 in 2017 and their 2018 pick) to get Clemson's Deshaun Watson, the guy that general manager Rick Smith clearly thinks is Houston's quarterback of the future and the end of their quarterback carousel.
But not yet. After the pick, Smith and head coach Bill O'Brien reiterated that Savage is still their starting quarterback. “I don't know if people believe us, but we're comfortable with Tom Savage as our quarterback,” Smith said with a laugh.
“As a rookie quarterback it's a big jump,” O'Brien added. “Tom is our starter and Deshaun will come in and he's going to work hard and we're going to teach him and feed him a lot of information and he'll work at it.”
But Watson didn't just fall into their laps at No. 25. Smith said after he saw the Kansas City Chiefs trade up to select Texas Tech quarterback, he made the call to Cleveland to complete the trade. This is the first time since 2012 that three quarterbacks were picked within the first 12 picks, according to ESPN Stats and Info.
According to the organization, Savage will be given a chance to succeed. But given the high price the Texans gave up to draft Watson, he will have the chance for the starting job, and we may see Savage on a short leash if he struggles.
In less than two months, Savage has gone from the guy who the Texans said was their answer at quarterback to now being in what could be a tough position battle. With one year remaining on his rookie contract, this is his chance to be an NFL starter, something that has been just out of his reach due to other quarterbacks and injuries.
During his conference call on Thursday night, Watson said he was prepared to do whatever it is the Texans ask him to do.
"All I need to do is put my head down, don't say anything, learn from all the veteran guys, learn from Tom Savage, learn from Brandon Weeden and just play my role," Watson said. "Whatever role that is, play it well and help the team win."
The phrase Smith and O'Brien repeated after drafting Watson is that he is a winner, something that is very important to the organization. O'Brien cited Watson's poise and impressive memory as characteristics that impressed them about the rookie. Watson, who was was 32-3 in as a starter at Clemson, threw for 4,593 yards and 41 touchdowns in 2016 to lead the Tigers to the national title last season
"One of the things that stood out to me was how well he played in clutch moments, in big games, in games that really meant everything — national championship games, big ACC games, the guy came through," O'Brien said. "When the chips were down he was able to lead his team to victory. And I think that says a lot about a quarterback. In the end, one of the things that we always look at is is the guy a winner and this guy is a winner ... I don't think anyone can argue with that."
The importance of conversation and support through difficult times is vital to the success of recovery. It provides the foundation needed for meaningful discussions, confidence, and self-esteem and social interaction.
Sojourner House at PathStone is a non-profit organization serving homeless women and children in Rochester, NY by providing housing, self-sufficiency skills, and education programs. The desire for a support system is ever important at this transitional time for Sojourner House residents, and Sojourner House becomes just that for its women and children.
This Thanksgiving, consider supporting 'The Thanksgiving Table Project', a fundraiser created by the team at Delaney Marketing, to benefit the residents at Sojourner House by Pathstone and ask family and friends to make a donation to help build a family-style table for homeless women and children in Rochester, NY.
What will you bring to the table?
Your donation will help us ‘build the table' for Thanksgiving. Creating a safe space for conversations, laughter, and support for residents.
Consider your seat with your family and friends at Thanksgiving every year. We hope this memory brings to mind images of laughter, togetherness, and familial bonds. It is a seat most of us take each year, but in doing so, we often take it for granted. For the families served by Soujourner House at PathStone, a seat at a large family table full of conversation and support, is a dream that you can help bring to reality.
Currently, meals with fellow residents at Sojourner House are often spent eating wherever room is available. In each case, the families are not all together at one table. Shouldn't we all have this opportunity to eat together, sharing conversations, around a table with our family and friends?
The Thanksgiving Table Project will bring a longtime dream of Sojourner House to light, with a long,family-style farmtable, large enough to fit all of the residents together - as one big family. This Thanksgiving, help give the gift of the familial bond that is so important for all of us during the holiday season. Let's make the children's pie-filled smiles as wide as the table - knowing that at Sojourner House, there's a seat for everyone at the family table.
We offer you our most heart-felt thanks for sharing in our commitment to provide this special opportunity to create memories for residents at Sojourner House. Your donation will make a huge impact for this community, this we can promise you.
For more information on Sojourner House services, please click here.
For more information on our table build partner Staach, please click here.
Can pornography actually affect brain chemistry to cause a drug-like addiction? That's the warning in a high profile campaign currently running in the US. Writer David Sergeant talks about his own battle to give up the habit which he says has the potential to destroy normal sexual relationships. According to the popular theory of neuroplasticity the brain is able to form newer and quicker pathways to pleasure while watching porn. He says the pornography industry separates human beings from each other and also potentially supports sex trafficking.
However, sexual psychophysiologist and neuroscientist Nicole Prause says that the idea that sex addiction is a scientific fact is being driven by religious and vested interests. She says the idea that porn causes physical addiction and a breakdown in the ability to enjoy real life sex has no scientific basis. However such theories suit the purposes of religious groups and those who offer expensive cures for the 'problem'.
Zoltan Gera will miss the rest of the season after West Brom announced their midfielder will be sidelined for at least six months with an injured knee.
The 33-year-old Hungarian ruptured the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee against QPR on Saturday.
Gera, scorer of four goals in West Brom's promising start to the season, will undergo surgery next week.
Albion boss Steve Clarke said: "I'm devastated for Zoltan. I want to thank him for his contribution this season."
The usual recuperation period for the injury is between six to nine months, which means the playmaker will return for the start of next season at the earliest.
Gera battled back to fitness from a knee injury sustained in November 2011 in time for the start of this season.
"He'll now get our full support during the rehab process," added Clarke.
"Zoltan has already proven he can come back from this injury once and produce at the highest level and I have no doubts he will do so again."
A couple years ago I started a series of articles on XML parsing. I covered lxml's etree and Python's included minidom XML parsing library. For whatever reason I didn't notice lxml's objectify sub-package, but I saw it recently and decided I should check it out. To my mind, to objectify module seems to be even more “Pythonic” than etree is. Let's take a some time and go over my old XML examples using objectify and see how it's different!
Let's Get This Party Started!
If you haven't already, go out and download lxml or you won't be able to follow along very well. Once you have it, we can continue. We'll be using the following piece of XML for our parsing pleasure:
<?xml version = "1.0" ?> <zAppointments reminder = "15" > <appointment > <begin > 1181251680 </begin > <uid > 040000008200E000 </uid > <alarmTime > 1181572063 </alarmTime > <state > </state > <location > </location > <duration > 1800 </duration > <subject > Bring pizza home </subject > </appointment > <appointment > <begin > 1234360800 </begin > <duration > 1800 </duration > <subject > Check MS Office website for updates </subject > <location > </location > <uid > 604f4792-eb89-478b-a14f-dd34d3cc6c21-1234360800 </uid > <state > dismissed </state > </appointment > </zAppointments >
Now we need to write some code that can parse and modify the XML. Let's take a look at this little demo that shows a bunch of the neat abilities that objectify provides.
from lxml import etree, objectify #---------------------------------------------------------------------- def parseXML ( xmlFile ) : "" "" "" with open ( xmlFile ) as f: xml = f. read ( ) root = objectify. fromstring ( xml ) # returns attributes in element node as dict attrib = root. attrib # how to extract element data begin = root. appointment . begin uid = root. appointment . uid # loop over elements and print their tags and text for appt in root. getchildren ( ) : for e in appt. getchildren ( ) : print "%s => %s" % ( e. tag , e. text ) print # how to change an element's text root. appointment . begin = "something else" print root. appointment . begin # how to add a new element root. appointment . new_element = "new data" # print the xml obj_xml = etree. tostring ( root, pretty_print= True ) print obj_xml # remove the py:pytype stuff #objectify.deannotate(root) etree. cleanup_namespaces ( root ) obj_xml = etree. tostring ( root, pretty_print= True ) print obj_xml # save your xml with open ( "new.xml" , "w" ) as f: f. write ( obj_xml ) #---------------------------------------------------------------------- if __name__ == "__main__" : f = r 'path \t o \s ample.xml' parseXML ( f )
The code is pretty well commented, but we'll spend a little time going over it anyway. First we pass it our sample XML file and objectify it. If you want to get access to a tag's attributes, use the attrib property. It will return a dictionary of the attribute's of the tag. To get to sub-tag elements, you just use dot notation. As you can see, to get to the beginning tag's value, we can just do something like this:
begin = root. appointment . begin
If you need to iterate over the children elements, you can use iterchildren. You may have to use a nested for loop structure to get everything. Changing an element's value is as simple as just assigning it a new value. And if you need to create a new element, just add a period and the name of the new element (see below):
root. appointment . new_element = "new data"
When we add or change items using objectify, it will add some annotations to the XML, such as xmlns:py=”http://codespeak.net/lxml/objectify/pytype” py:pytype=”str”. You may not want that included, so you'll have to call the following method to remove that stuff:
etree. cleanup_namespaces ( root )
You can also use “objectify.deannotate(root)” to do some deannotation chores, but I wasn't able to get it to work for this example. To save the new XML, you actually seem to need lxml's etree module to convert it to a string so you can save it.
At this point, you should be able to parse most XML documents and edit them effectively with lxml's objectify. I thought it was very intuitive and easy to pick up. Hopefully you will find it useful in your endeavors as well.
Further Reading
Entrepreneurshit. The Blog Post on What It's Really Like.
Mark Suster Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 18, 2012
It's 4.50am. Sunday morning. And I couldn't sleep. I have much on my mind since I just returned from a week on the road. 5 days. 3 cities.
Late night Mexican food. Beers. Airports. Delays.
I left on a Sunday. I had to miss a full day with my family, camping in the mountains. I returned home Friday night at 10pm — too late to see my kids.
I'm reminded of this feeling. It's all too familiar. It's what life was like as an entrepreneur. I didn't sleep much back then. I was on the road much and I internalized much of the stress so that others didn't have to.
And so it goes again. I've been on the road much of 2012 and part of 2011. According to the SEC we're not allowed to market the fact that we're fund raising, so I won't. But for some strange reason they make you file your progress on fund raising, which is the widely picked up by the press. Go figure.
So it is now publicly known that we have closed $150 million in our 4th fund. Ok, well, it's more than this but I'm not allowed to tell you specifics. I plan to write about it early next year when we're all through. We have a little more to go until the finish line. It has been a fascinating experience. But now you know why I've had many nights away, many airports and much time on the road.
And why I woke up at 4.50am. But this is nothing like the stress of being an entrepreneur. As I've written about before, You'd Have to be a Big Baby to Complain about Being a VC.
What's it really like being an entrepreneur?
That was the topic of my keynote at Seedcon, an event hosted by the University of Chicago, where I am a graduate of the MBA program.
Entrepreneurshit. The Truth About Building Starutps from msuster
I like to speak about this topic with first-time wantrapreneurs because if you read the tech press every day you'd get the impression that it all glamor. It's not.
You'd imagine that every founder was getting rich. Actually, positive outcomes for founders are quite rare. You probably follow some high-profile entrepreneurs on Instagram and Twitter and see conference pictures of them in Davos, Mexico, Monaco or wherever. You might be psyched out into thinking you're doing something wrong for being in your shitty little windowless office. Clicking on their glam party pictures. You're not. You're where you should be.
There is a difference between a Conference Ho and a successful entrepreneur. But it's hard to know that from the press. From the Instagram and the Twitter.
As a startup founder you rarely have much money in your bank accounts. Neither in the personal nor business account. That's stressful enough.
I recently had coffee with a young friend who just finished his first startup. It didn't end how he would have liked. But he learned. And he's young. And I'm certain he'll bounce back.
He told me,
“I have $6,000 in my bank account. Throughout the course of last year I never had more than $8,000 in my account.
I want to do this again. But I have to be careful. Maybe I need to do slightly later stage.”
He probably didn't know but he has more in his account than most Americans so there's that. He had raised nearly $500,000 from investors. Many are well known. He shut down his company gracefully and even thought it must have felt like a crap sandwich doing so I'll bet his reputation is still solid with his backers.
Think about it — most entrepreneurs who manage to raise seed money or venture capital usually raise enough money for 12–18 months maximum. Many times it's less. So at any given point you are likely operating with a maximum of 9 month's cash.
And yet you have to ..
Recruit employees in the blind belief that the amazing job they're quitting to join you will be worth it in the long run
Sign up customers who are paying you money for a service you can't 100% guarantee is going to be operational for the full period that they're expecting
Tell the press how great you are and hope that they aren't publishing your obituary 9 months later rendering you a fool.
Tamp down the enthusiasm your naive family has about your “impending IPO” (honey, when can we buy shares? Uncle Morty wants to know) from “your successful daughter” (we're so proud of her! she's so successful! we always knew she would be. she was so precocious in high school. that's my daughter — did you see her mentioned in the New York Times!) Shit, ma, stop sayin' that. I don't want you to have to eat humble pie with your friends next year!
Raise money. Need money. More money. Yes, please give me money. No, I don't really know if I'm going to be able to return it. But without it I know I'm forked. I need it. So I'll ask anyway and hope like hell I don't have to avoid you at future cocktail parties. Quick — why don't entrepreneurs celebrate when they raise money? Because they know that they've just signed up for much more obligation.
Early on in my first company I had an employee ask if it was a good time to buy a home. We had less than 6 months' cash in the bank. I was pretty sure we were going to raise another round of capital. But not sure, sure. I mean you never know if your investors are REALLY going to keep backing you. And you can't go around telling all of your employees your deepest insecurities about it or you'll soon have no more of said employees.
Trust you? Yeah, I trust you. But why don't you just give me the damn term sheet you promised so I can trust you even more.
You have secret doubts about your co-founder. She seems depressed. And she isn't pulling weekends any more like you are. I know, right? Total bullshit. She's just not as committed as she once was. I don't think she really believes any more. If I told my VCs would they then lose interest in our next round? Would they blame me? Would they back me or think I had gone off the rails?
So Facebook just announced that they're going to compete with you. Apple announced that they're shutting down your category. Salesforce.com just bought your main competitor. Your main competitor just raised $75 million and took all of the oxygen out of the room.
Far fetched stuff. If you're not an entrepreneur. If you've been one for a while you know how much you fear every WWDC. Every F8. Or DreamForce. What announcements are going to crush you? [I wrote about what to do when this happens here.]
My biggest fear as an entrepreneur? I was worried that I was going to get married and be on the altar unemployed. “There's my son. He should have been a doctor like his father!” Truthfully, that's one of the things that kept me going. I didn't want to disappoint.
I didn't want to disappoint my parents. My wife. My employees. The press who trusted me enough to report on our successes.
I didn't want to disappoint my customers. People seldom understand that when enterprise customers choose your software it isn't just a purchase order. It's a human being inside the buying organization who has trusted you. He went to his bosses and asked for budget. He beat down the other factions that wanted to choose your competitor. He has staked his reputation on a project to use the software of some shitty 2-year-old startup company because he believes! In you.
So you ask why on Earth being a founder is stressful?
No, it's not as bad as working in coal mines. But it is quite the roller coaster and the stress is real. Some people love roller coasters. Others prefer a smoother ride.
One of the most asked questions I get about being a VC who was formerly an entrepreneur is if I ever miss being an entrepreneur? Do I ever want to go back to it?
Of course I do! How could you not want to go back to it. It's addicting. It's an adrenaline rush like no other.
I often answer this way:
It's like sports. If you have a chance to be on court and shooting 3-pointers as the game clock is winding down OF COURSE you still want to be on the court. There is no comparable feeling from the sidelines.
Yet one day you wake up and you realize you can't run as fast as the young guys. You can't quite hit the 3-pointers as often. Yes, you have maturity that makes you a wiser player. But you realize that you can be more helpful as a coach.
And yes, I sleep better at night as a coach. And I'm happy as a VC.
Remember that if you choose to be an entrepreneur or to at least try — it's stressful for everybody who does it. Your competitors have just as much angst as you do. You read their press releases and think that it's all rainbows & lollipops at their offices. It's not. You're just reading their press bullshit. They have their secret doubts. And they're in their offices reading your press releases and wondering why life is much easier for you. And they're fighting with their co-founders and struggling to ship code on time.
As I like to say, “we're all naked in the mirror.” We stare at our own imperfections. And then we go out everyday and see everybody else in their fine threads and wonder why it's much easier for them.
Being an entrepreneur is about finding your inner self confidence.
To be constantly told “it won't work” but to keep plugging away anyways.
To be kicked a lot and still keep standing.
To hide your demons so that you don't scare the bejesus out of your employees.
To inspire others to join your cause when by all rational accounts they should not.
And having the cojones to have them join you anyways. Pottery Barn rule. You hire them, you own them now. As in your responsible for these lines on their future resume. Don't fuck them up.
To swallow your stresses and insecurities and keep your optimistic game face on in the office. And on your home front. Maybe even try to believe it in your own head.
It's about wanting the right speaking slot at an important conference and hounding the organizer until he lets you do it.
It's telling your creditors that you need 60 extra days to pay. Please. Yes, most entrepreneurs will be nodding their heads right now. Not fun, hey? But that's what it takes.
Firing? Hell, get used to it. It's a necessity. You better be good at it. Develop a thick skin for it. Not put off the difficult fires. You don't have the spare budget to suffer fools. Hire fast, fire faster.
Friday night in the office while others are at the bar. Sundays in the back of a plane. Center seat. Smelly dude next to you.
Investor emails. They are forwarding you yet another mother fucking link to an article about your competitors. And wondering why the hell are we not doing THIS like they are. Enough already!?! I told you not to worry about their move into Latin America. I promise you that won't be a bit of market for us. What? No, I'm not worried that they're higher in the App Store charts than us. They're paying for traffic. Paying I say! They can't have a positive LTV on these downloads. You want me to throw around my money like that too, bro?
Hell, I send those emails. I'll admit it.
Entrepreneurshit. It never ends. It's not all glamor. It's mostly not glamorous at all. It's just something you have to do. Often because you're unemployable. Your impertinence would get you fired in 2 days for telling your boss he's a fuck wit. And it's why you probably will quit on day 366 after the acquisition.
You're unemployable. You're an entrepreneur.
It's not for everybody and you shouldn't feel bad if you aren't one of those that chooses this life. You'll probably be healthier and wealthier. Despite the fact that only the Lotto winners get reported. Many more people play.
But if you do want to go for it, don't wait. It doesn't get easier later in life. It gets harder. You're probably going to fail or have limited success. The math says so. So better that you try as young as you can when failure is easier to bounce back from. When you can wear it as a badge of honor.
I'm not ageist. I've backed several entrepreneurs in their forties. No problem. I'm just telling you that if you've never done it before and WANT to then the earlier you try, the better. That's all.
Good luck. Enjoy the ride. I'll be rooting you on from my far comfier seat on the sidelines. Secretly. Wishing. I was still in the game.
If you want to read more on the topic:
** Images from top were from this week's travel. The left hand side was dinner, terminal 3, Chicago O'Hare. The right hand side was the view from my two-hour delay at Newark Airport. Nice view, actually.
A few of the top technology stories of 2012 stand out for the big numbers they generated. Here are some of the events and trends that were especially dramatic in scale.
Public network: Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg rings the opening bell on May 18, the first day the company's stock began trading on the Nasdaq exchange.
Facebook's big year
Mark Zuckerberg's Harvard dorm room project finally hit the big leagues in May, when the company began selling shares of its stock on the Nasdaq exchange for $38, valuing the company at $104 billion. After a small uptick on the first day of trading, the stock price plunged over the next several months, dropping below $18 in September. It has since rebounded above $26, however, making the company's market capitalization nearly $60 billion.
Between the May 18 IPO and early October, meanwhile, the social network added 100 million more users, bringing its total to a billion, dwarfing the other big networks. Twitter, for comparison, recently announced that it now has 200 million active users.
Mobile goes global
Global smartphone shipments will increase by 45.1 percent this year over last, forecasts market research firm IDC, to 717.5 million units (out of 1.7 billion total mobile phones). A big portion of that growth happened in China, which IDC expects to account for 26.5 percent of the global smartphone market, rising from 18.3 percent last year and surpassing the U.S. as the world's biggest market.
Android was by far the dominant operating system on smartphones shipped in 2012, claiming 68.3 percent of the market, says IDC.
Samsung, which makes a series of Android phones covering a fairly wide price range, was the world's leader in shipments this year. Market research firm IHS iSuppli projects Samsung will have accounted for 28 percent of new smartphone shipments in 2012, with Apple in second place at 20 percent. In 2011, Samsung's share was 20 percent, to Apple's 19 percent.
The tablet market also greatly expanded in 2012. Gartner projects 136 million shipments in 2012—up from 55 million in 2011. Apple still dominates this area, but competitors like Samsung and Amazon are having increasing success.
Overall, IDC says smartphones and tablets will represent 70 percent of the 1.2 billion “smart connected devices” shipped in 2012, with desktop and portable PCs combining for the remaining 30 percent.
As of November, 13 percent of all Internet traffic was headed to or from mobile devices.
Shale oil shifts the energy status quo
We've known for several years now that shale oil resources, easier to extract thanks to the emergence of fracking and horizontal drilling techniques, would change the energy map. But in 2012, the repercussions of the boom in unconventional oil production, especially in the United States, became more clear. In its annual World Energy Outlook, released in November, the International Energy Agency projected that by 2020 the U.S. would surpass Saudi Arabia as the world's largest oil producer. In that year, the IEA projects, the U.S. will produce 11.1 million barrels of oil per day. The U.S. hasn't produced more than 10 million barrels per day since the mid 1980s. Production fell as low as 6.9 million barrels per day in 2008.
The glut of shale gas in the U.S. means it's cheap, making it more attractive to utilities as a source of electricity. Historically, coal has been the dominant electricity source in the U.S., but in late 2011 it dropped below 40 percent of the total generation mix for the first time since 1978. In April of this year, contributions from coal and natural gas were equal—both around one third of the total, according to the Energy Information Agency.
Since natural gas burns cleaner than coal, the result has been a small decrease in U.S. greenhouse gas emissions. This year the IEA reported that in 2011, energy-related emissions in the U.S. dropped 1.7 percent, thanks to increased use of natural gas and a mild winter. Meanwhile, the Energy Information Agency reported that energy-related emissions for the first three months of 2012—amounting to around 1.3 billion metric tons—were the lowest for this period since 1992.
The rise of the MOOCs
This year will be remembered for lots of talk about the promise of massive open online courses, or MOOCs. Six colleges—MIT, Harvard, University of California-Berkeley, Georgetown, Wellesley, and the University of Texas—have teamed up to form the most high-profile example, called edX. A physics MOOC offered at MIT this spring drew 155,000 people from around the world, although only 7,000 finished the class.
Startup companies are getting into the mix as well. Coursera, founded by artificial-intelligence researchers, offers 210 college courses and boasts over two million “Courserians.” And Udacity, started by a team of roboticists including Google fellow Sebastian Thrun, offers 19 courses and so far has drawn 460,000 students.
Awash in genomic data
Genomic sequencing just keeps getting cheaper. As of January 2012, it cost an average of $7,666 to sequence an entire genome, down from $20,963 in January 2011, according to the National Human Genome Research Institute. And as sequencing begins to have more applications in medical research, a new challenge is coming into focus: how to store and transfer all the information that sequencing generates and get it into a form that is usable for doctors and researchers. In March, an international research effort called the 1000 Genomes Project made its dataset—which at the time amounted to 200 terabytes—available to the public via Amazon Web Services cloud storage. That's the equivalent of more than 30,000 standard DVDs.
Big data gets bigger
Big data might have been the biggest technology-related buzzword of 2012. The amount of digital information created or replicated grew to 2.8 zettabytes (a zettabyte is a trillion gigabytes), up from 1.8 zettabytes in 2011, according to IDC. That's obviously a big amount of data. But to be “big data” it has to be useful, and IDC says that in 2012, only 23 percent of all the information created or replicated in 2012 would be useful “if it were tagged and analyzed,” and that “only 3 percent of the potentially useful data is tagged, and even less analyzed.” Of the potentially useful data, nearly half is surveillance footage.
Long time no see, huh. I'm lazy ass with issues that's all I can say about that. Except sorry, probably.
I was kind of trying to make something easy and simple, I mean I have some drawings I can't finish, I always see something minor that's not ok and redraw it, and again and again... Then I get sick of redrawing and give up. For some time. How people do those 30 minutes competitions?This unnecessary information was leading to how this time it was intended as a quick sketch or something, but I got carried away and now it's more like halfway done drawing. So... That's what I have this time.Consider supporting me on patreon, that will be very helpful.My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic and characters belong to Hasbro and Lauren Faust.
In February 2014, the US ambassador to Ukraine suffered an embarrassing leak. A secret conversation between him and US Assistant Secretary of State Victoria Nuland got posted to YouTube, in which Nuland spoke disparagingly about the European Union.
The conversation occurred over unencrypted phones, and US officials told reporters they suspected the call was intercepted in Ukraine, but didn't say how. Some people believe it occurred using vulnerabilities in a mobile data network known as SS7, which is part of the backbone infrastructure that telecoms around the world use to communicate between themselves about how to route calls and text messages.
A little-noticed report released by the Ukrainian government a few months after the leak gives credence to this theory. Although the report didn't mention the ambassador, it revealed that for three days in April that year, location data for about a dozen unidentified mobile phone customers in Ukraine got mysteriously sent to a Russian telecom using SS7 vulnerabilities. Text messages and phone calls of some of those customers also got diverted to Russia, where someone could have eavesdropped on the conversations and recorded them.
The telecom industry has known for years that SS7 is vulnerable to spying, but did little about it because many assumed the risks were theoretical. This changed in the wake of the Ukrainian incidents, says Cathal McDaid, head of the threat intelligence unit for AdaptiveMobile, a mobile telecom security firm. His company and others devised ways to detect SS7 attacks, and since then they have discovered suspicious activity in the networks of multiple telecom customers, suggesting that SS7 attacks are very much real—and ongoing. AdaptiveMobile released a report in February highlighting some of those attacks.
SS7 is just now getting more public attention because of a 60 Minutes piece last week, which showed two German researchers using SS7 to spy on US Congressman Ted Lieu, with his permission. Lieu has called for a congressional hearing to look into SS7 vulnerabilities, and the Federal Communications Commission has plans to examine it, too.
So what is SS7 and why is it so vulnerable?
AdaptiveMobile
SS7, a Primer
SS7, also known as Signaling System No. 7, refers to a data network—and the series of technical protocols or rules that govern how data gets exchanged over it. It was designed in the 1970s to track and connect landline calls across different carrier networks, but is now commonly used to calculate cellular billing and send text messages, in addition to routing mobile and landline calls between carriers and regional switching centers. SS7 is part of the telecommunications backbone but is not the network your voice calls go through; it's a separate administrative network with a different function. Think of it like a passenger train system—SS7 is the maintenance tunnels workers use rather than the main tunnels through which passenger trains travel.
SS7 is often used now to set up roaming so that when you travel, say, from New York to Mumbai, you can make and receive calls and texts outside your carrier's range. An outside carrier will send a request to your carrier via SS7 to obtain your phone's unique ID to track your device, and also request that your communications be redirected to its network so that it can deliver calls and text messages to you. It's a way of making sure calls and messages are delivered between networks.
The Problem
The problem is that SS7 is based on trust. Any request a telecom receives is considered legitimate. Therefore anyone with access to a server or gateway on the SS7 network can send a location or redirect request to your telecom for purposes of roaming, and the telecom will likely comply, even if the roaming request comes from St. Petersburg or Mumbai and you and your phone are in New York. This makes it possible for a remote attacker to spy on lawmakers, corporate executives, military personnel, activists and others. It should be noted that in grabbing your texts and calls in this way, an attacker will also be able to grab your two-factor authentication log-in codes that Gmail and other services send via text so you can access your accounts. An attacker who already knows the username and password for an account can intercept these codes before you receive them in order to log in to your accounts.
Who has access to SS7? Hundreds of telecoms around the world use it. Government intelligence agencies can also gain access to the network, either with the permission of telecoms or not. Commercial companies also sell SS7 phone tracking services to governments and other customers. Criminal groups able to purchase access from corrupt telecom workers can also use SS7, as can hackers who hijack unsecured SS7 equipment.
It wasn't until December 2014 that telecoms began to implement ways to thwart SS7 attacks. That's when Karsten Nohl of the Berlin-based Security Research Labs and an independent researcher named Tobias Engel gave presentations about SS7 at the Chaos Communication Congress in Germany, months after the Ukrainian incidents were discovered. Engel had demonstrated an SS7 method for tracking phones in 2008, but that method wasn't as refined as the ones he and Nohl described in 2014. The latter prompted regulators in Northern Europe to demand that carriers there implement measures to mitigate SS7 attacks by the end of 2015.
"[T]he bulk of SS7 attacks can be prevented with technologies that are readily available," Nohl told WIRED. "There are a few cases that require more involved defenses that one could argue could take two years to implement… but at least the basic defenses [are] in most networks in Northern Europe and in many other networks around the world."
Those fixes have apparently not been implemented by two vulnerable carriers in the US: T-Mobile and AT&T. Nohl and a colleague showed on 60 Minutes that both were still open to SS7 attacks. Verizon and Sprint use different protocols to exchange most of their data, so in theory are less vulnerable. But McDaid notes that all mobile networks will eventually migrate to a different signaling system called Diameter. That system "uses a lot of the same concepts and design as the previous SS7 network," he notes, including the assumptions of trust that plague SS7.
How Exactly Can SS7 Be Hacked to Track You?
To track you, an attacker could send what's called an Anytime Interrogation request to your carrier to get the unique ID of your phone and identify which mobile switching center (MSC) your phone uses—usually one MSC covers an entire city. Carriers use this information to determine your location to route your calls and messages through the cell tower closest to you. By sending repeated Anytime Interrogation requests to get this and your GPS coordinates, an attacker can track your phone, and you, to the street block where you are standing, using Google Maps.
Carriers could thwart this by blocking Anytime Interrogation requests coming from outside their boundaries, Nohl says. But there are other ways to get location information using different queries via SS7, and these are not as easily blocked, he says.
This isn't hypothetical. We know this kind of tracking exists in the wild. AdaptiveMobile's report describes one SS7 tracking operation in which the attacker sent requests for location information from a number of systems. Requests to track the same phone customers came from SS7 systems around the world instead of from a single system—presumably to avoid suspicion, since many requests from one system would be more noticeable. These systems sent several hundred queries a day to track some phone customers, but only queried once or twice a day for others the attackers were trying to track.
"Obviously the more you use [a system to send requests], the more possibility that you give [yourself] away. But these are low-volume, high-value type of targets," McDaid says. "As long as you keep these in low-volume, chances are these aren't actually going to be noticed."
Another operation in a European country that McDaid won't identify tracked phones in the Middle East and Europe from systems installed at each of the European country's four telecoms, suggesting the telecoms were complicit in the tracking. "That's our assumption ... if it is an espionage system or state system, they actually may not have much choice in the matter."
Interception
Nohl describes three techniques for intercepting calls and texts using SS7. One he demonstrated last year for 60 Minutes Australia when he sent a request from Germany to a carrier in Australia requesting a politician's voicemail settings be reconfigured to forward calls to Nohl. Networks could easily prevent this by only complying if the customer's phone is in the region where the request originates, but few do this check, Nohl says.
Another method abuses a feature for rewriting numbers you call. If you're out of the country, for example, and dial a number from your contacts list, the rewrite function will recognize that it's an international call and automatically add the country code.
"[A]dding in the country code for instance is done by taking the phone number that is the 'wrong' number and sending back the 'right' number [with the added country code]," Nohl says. Convenient, right? But an attacker can tell the system to replace any number with his own. When calls arrive, he forwards them to the correct number, setting himself up a in the middle of the conversation to listen and record.
A third way takes advantage of the fact that mobile phones are usually in sleep mode until they receive a call or text and won't contact a network until then. During this time, an attacker can tell your carrier that you're in Germany and any communication intended for you should be redirected there. Eventually, your phone in the US will wake up and tell your carrier where it is. But the attacker can send another message contradicting this.
"As long as we do this every five minutes, there is only a very, very short time you will exclusively receive your calls or texts, and then all other times we will receive them," Nohl says. You would later notice the roaming charges on your bill, but by then the damage to your privacy would be done.
"It's not the most elegant [interception method] because ... you will have to pay for these roaming calls. But this one works really well," he says.
What Can Be Done?
That kind of attack should be easy to thwart with an algorithm that knows it's illogical for a subscriber to move back and forth between the US and Germany every five minutes. "But, again, nobody has implemented these smart checks," Nohl says.
There's not much you can personally do. You could try to protect your communications by using an encrypted service like Signal, WhatsApp or Skype, but McDaid says an attacker could send a request to your carrier to disable data use for your phone, preventing you from using these services.
"[S]o all you're left with then is text messages and phone calls if you're in an area with no Wi-Fi," he says, leaving you vulnerable to an SS7 interception attack.
McDaid says that telecoms are working to thwart SS7 attacks, but most have addressed only the easiest methods so far.
"Now they're in the stage of having to implement much more sophisticated types of firewalls and [algorithms] to try to detect and block the more sophisticated stuff," he says. "They're harder for an attacker to do, but also harder for defense to stop.... Believe me, it is being worked on."
Police on Friday released chilling photographs of a glittery tutu, a pink shoe and and a mottled T-shirt and shorts found inside the suitcase. The suitcase found with the body of a child at Wynarka. Credit:South Australia Police But the photographs do not necessarily mean the child was a girl, police say. Officers said they believed the child had died elsewhere and the body was left near the side of the road. Police also released images of the blue, older-style canvas suitcase with the label 'Lanza'.
Mr Bray, the officer in charge of major crime investigation branch, said an autopsy was conducted on Friday but the child's sex and age would not be known until early next week. The crime scene where a little girl's remains were found in a suitcase at Wynarka, South Australia. Credit:Murray Valley Standard "Police emphasise that while it's possible that the victim is female, the presence of female clothes should not be taken as confirmation of that, or that the clothes belonged to the child," he said. "We are hoping that someone recognises the clothes and then can help us identify the child." The mottled clothes and suitcase label found with a child's body in South Australia. Credit:South Australia Police
A DNA profile is expected to take longer due to the degradation of the remains. Drivers with dashcam vision of Karoonda Highway are urged to contact police as they may have inadvertently recorded information in their trucks and cars that may assist with the investigation. Police have released more details about the man seen walking along the road carrying a dark suitcase about 60cm long and 40cm wide, at about 8am one morning about six to eight weeks ago. He is described as being aged about 60, of Caucasian appearance, average height, lightly built, clean cut and neatly dressed. He was not known to locals. Mr Bray said on Thursday that the man was seen by some local women as he walked towards the highway, across the railway line, carrying a suitcase.
"He was carrying a dark-coloured suitcase in one hand and he was carrying it as opposed to wheeling it," he said. The man did not "engage" with them, which they found unusual in the small town. "They (the women) didn't recognise this person as a local and they haven't seen him since," he said. Calls to Crime Stoppers have revealed the man was also seen on the highway walking with a suitcase west of Wynarka heading towards Murray Bridge. Mr Bray said it was unknown how long the "considerably faded" suitcase had lain by the roadside but it is believed to have been there for up to two months.
"The importance of the suitcase and when it was on the road is critical to the investigation," he said. "There are a lot of people who travel that road, a lot of people who have dashcams in their cars, and certainly a lot of trucks with dashcam. "We would ask anybody that uses that road and has a dashcam fitted to the front of the car to make contact with Crime Stoppers if they've travelled that road as their dashcam may have images of people connected with the case or may help us to determine when that suitcase was in a particular position and when it was moved." Wynarka is about 130 kilometres from the Victorian border via Karoonda-Lameroo Road and Mallee Highway. Police said there had been 93 calls to Crime Stoppers, including five from interstate, since the child's body was found.
A number of calls were from members of the public who had concerns for the welfare of children. To date, all reports relating to concerns for children have been investigated and police are satisfied they are not connected to the case. Police said several factors made it unlikely the victim was missing NSW boy William Tyrrell. Police have established Taskforce Mallee to investigate the crime, with 15 police officers and a "significant" forensic team working on the investigation. Anyone with information can call Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 or report online at https://sa.crimestoppers.com.au.
Obama hails Iraq war in “withdrawal” speech
By Bill Van Auken
3 August 2010
In a speech to a disabled veterans group in Atlanta Monday, President Barack Obama claimed credit for winding down the US war in Iraq, even as tens of thousands of troops remain there, and his administration continues to escalate the war in Afghanistan.
The speech appeared calculated to divert rising opposition to the Afghanistan war, particularly in the wake of the WikiLeaks disclosure of tens of thousands of classified battlefield reports, exposing an unrelenting and savage assault on the country's civilian population.
Obama touted the reduction of US troop strength in Iraq—now down to some 65,000 from a high of 144,000—and vowed that the target of pulling out all but 50,000 troops by the end of this month would be met, as well as the withdrawal of all US military forces by the end of 2011.
“As a candidate for president, I pledged to bring the war in Iraq to a responsible end,” Obama told the veterans audience. The “responsible end” formulation was employed by Obama as a clear signal to the US ruling elite that his antiwar rhetoric in the presidential campaign would be quickly discarded once the Democrat entered the White House and assumed the role of commander in chief for US imperialism.
Obama continued: “Shortly after taking office, I announced our new strategy for Iraq and for a transition to full Iraqi responsibility. And I made it clear that by August 31, 2010 America's combat mission in Iraq would end. And that is exactly what we are doing—as promised, on schedule.”
These targets were, in fact, set by Obama's predecessor, George W. Bush, in a 2008 status of forces agreement negotiated with the US-backed regime in Baghdad. The incoming Democratic president quickly jettisoned a pledge he had made to pull out all US troops more rapidly, conforming to the original schedule, even as he kept at their posts all of the top civilian and military officials picked by Bush to run the war.
In his speech, Obama extolled the feats of the US military in overrunning Iraq and waging a one-sided war against its civilian population.
“They took to the skies and sped across the deserts in the initial charge into Baghdad,” he declared. “When the invasion gave way to insurgency, our troops persevered, block by block, city by city, from Baghdad to Fallujah,” he continued.
One would never know from this lyrical description that the US had waged a criminal war of aggression that has cost the lives of over a million Iraqi men, women and children and left an entire country in ruins.
Nor, for that matter, would one guess from his words that the speaker was a candidate who won the Democratic nomination less than two years ago by proclaiming that the Iraq war “should never have been authorized and never been waged.” One could be excused for thinking instead that it was George W. Bush.
In extolling the supposed withdrawal from Iraq, Obama hailed the military for “moving out millions of pieces of equipment in one of the largest logistics operations that we've seen in decades” and bringing “90,000 of our troops home from Iraq since I took office.”
He failed to add, however, that these millions of pieces of military hardware and tens of thousands of troops aren't being brought home, but are instead being shipped to Afghanistan. While reducing the US troop level in Iraq by two thirds, the Obama administration has tripled the size of US forces in Afghanistan, while spreading the war across the border into Pakistan.
He defended the US war in Afghanistan, however, using the same pretext as his predecessor, claiming that US forces are there to fight al Qaeda and foil terrorist attacks. This, even as US and military and intelligence officials acknowledge that there are less than 100 al Qaeda members in the entire country.
In reality, Obama has appropriated the Bush administration's rhetoric even as it pursues the same strategic goals laid out at the beginning of the century—the assertion of US hegemony over the geostrategically vital and oil-rich regions of Central Asia and the Persian Gulf by means of military aggression. The continued pursuit of this policy, which enjoys the support of decisive layers of America's ruling financial elite, ensures the continuous escalation of war in both regions and beyond.
The claim that all US “combat troops” will be out of Iraq by August 31 is fraudulent. Units previously classified as “combat” troops are merely being relabeled as “advice and assist” brigades, with their mission supposedly restricted to training and “advising” the Iraqi security forces.
US military commanders, however, have made it clear that the remaining troops will continue to carry out “counterterrorism” operations, which are combat missions, and will be prepared to directly intervene against any major challenge to US domination of the oil-rich country.
“I would say that 50,000 troops on the ground is still a significant capability,” Maj. Gen. Stephen Lanza, a US military spokesman, told the media. “There is still a lot we can do with the capability we have, and we will still have influence here,” he added in a considerable understatement.
There is little reason to believe that the remaining US troops will be withdrawn from Iraq by the end of 2011. Senior military officers have repeatedly stressed that US forces will remain in the country for many years to come, and Washington has continued to build up and retain control of giant military bases, such as those at Balad, Al Asad and Tallil.
After seven years of war, costing the US more than $700 billion and the lives of at least 4,400 troops—and an estimated one million Iraqis—the American occupation will continue.
There is no plan to have a self-sufficient Iraqi military by 2011. The American military will remain in strategic control, with the US Air Force controlling Iraq's skies, the US Navy its Persian Gulf coastline and US Army tanks and artillery backing under-equipped Iraqi units.
For its part, the US State Department is reportedly preparing to field its own private army of “security contractors,” i.e., private mercenaries. As McClatchy Newspapers reported, the top US commander in Iraq, Gen. Raymond Odierno flew back to Washington last week to discuss plans for deploying this force. The news service reported that the State Department has already asked the Pentagon for “Black Hawk helicopters; 50 mine-resistant ambush-protected vehicles; fuel trucks; high-tech surveillance systems; and other military gear.”
The State Department was a major employer of Blackwater mercenaries, whose bloody actions in Iraq earned the hatred of the local population.
According to McClatchy, the bipartisan legislative Commission on Wartime Contracting issued a report last month that said “the number of State Department security contractors would more than double, from 2,700 to between 6,000 and 7,000, under current plans.”
McClatchy quoted the State Department's Under-secretary Patrick Kennedy defending the use of private contractors, insisting that it was the only feasible way to assemble such a paramilitary force. “This is the kind of surge activity that it seems very, very logical to use contractors for,” he said.
In his speech Monday, Obama touted the “progress” achieved by the seven-year-old US war in occupation in Iraq—which as a candidate he had ostensibly opposed—claiming that “violence in Iraq continues to be near the lowest it's been in years.”
His administration and the Pentagon know this statement is a barefaced lie. Only days earlier, the Iraqi government issued a report showing that Iraqi casualties for July month had risen to their highest level since May 2008, nearly double the number killed the previous month. In all, the figures compiled by the Iraqi defense, interior and health ministries recorded 635 deaths for the month, 396 of them civilians. In addition, 50 Iraqi soldiers, 89 police officers were killed, along with 100 individuals declared by the Iraqi regime to have been “terrorists.” Nearly another 1,400 Iraqis, the vast majority of them civilians, were wounded.
The US military heatedly disputed the casualty figures from the Baghdad regime, claiming that the real number killed in “enemy action” was only 222. This figure is absurd on its face. The Associated Press counted 350 Iraqis killed based solely on its own reporting. The news agency considers this a significant underestimate, given that many deaths do not get news coverage.
Just last week, the Baghdad Sunni neighborhood of Adhamiya saw insurgents overrun an Iraqi army checkpoint, killing 10 members of the security forces in a pitched battle.
Bombings and shooting remain daily occurrences, despite the fact that the Iraqi capital remains under what amounts to martial law, with some 1,500 checkpoints and large numbers of concrete blast walls dividing its neighborhoods.
The increasing violence has been widely attributed to the continuing political stalemate in the efforts to cobble together a new government based on elections held last March, after being delayed from January. After five months of wrangling between the country's corrupt political factions, prospects for a coalition agreement appear even more distant. Over the weekend, the Iraqi National Alliance, a Shi'ite-based grouping that includes the Supreme Iraqi Islamic Council (SIIC) of Ammar al-Hakim and the followers of radical cleric Muqtada al-Sadr, announced that it would no longer talk to the State of Law Coalition unless it chose someone else than incumbent Nouri al-Maliki as its candidate for premier.
There is speculation that the INA will now turn to the bloc led by former Prime Minister Iyad Allawi, a secular Shiite who won electoral support from Iraq's Sunni population.
Behind the scenes, Iran has been backing the INA, while Saudi Arabia, Turkey and Syria have been supporting Allawi. None of the three factions can muster by itself the 163 majority in parliament needed to seat a new government.
The resulting tensions pose a serious threat that sectarian violence can erupt on a scale even greater than the bloodbath that swept the country in 2007.
As for the supposed “progress” hailed by Obama, it has passed by the great majority of the country's population. Four million Iraqis remain displaced refugees, roughly half of them forced to flee the country and the rest driven from their homes by the violence, with many subsisting in refugee and squatter camps inside Iraq. These camps have reportedly been swelled by new arrivals: people driven out of their homes by economic desperation.
Roughly a quarter of Iraq's nearly 30 million citizens are forced to subsist below the poverty line of approximately $2 a day. Unemployment is rampant, rising in a number of provinces to over 30 percent. These conditions have worsened, not improved, since 2008.
Vast portions of the population are denied the most basic public services, from electricity and water to adequate sewerage. The New York Times reported Monday that in the capital of Baghdad, electricity was available only five hours a day last month, this despite the US allocating $5 billion to the power sector. It is typical of the entire infrastructure. “Still, the streets are littered with trash, drinking water is polluted, hospitals are bleak and often unsafe, and buildings bombed by the Americans in 2003 or by insurgents since remain ruined shell,” the Times reports.
US officials deny kidnapping Amiri and insist he was living freely in the United States [AFP]
US officials deny kidnapping Amiri and insist he was living freely in the United States [AFP]
"I totally trusted the Islamic Republic and the Republic was confident that I was not defecting to the US," he said during the interview.
Amiri, who claims he was abducted in Saudi Arabia by the CIA 14 months ago, returned to Tehran, the capital of Iran, on Wednesday.
But US officials deny kidnapping Amiri and insist he was living freely in the United States.
'Fairy tale'
US officials have countered his claims aggressively, calling Amiri's story a "fairy tale".
Amiri is at the centre of a volatile war of words between Iran and the US, with each country trading public salvos designed to discredit the other.
The Washington Post reported on its website late on Friday that Amiri had for some time been providing the CIA with information about Iran's nuclear programme while he was still in Iran.
The report said he was one of two informants the agency whisked out of the country last year because of concerns that the Tehran government had discovered they were providing secrets.
For the moment, the Iranian scientist is a national hero, but after his public role is done, former CIA officials say, he will likely face intense questioning about his defection from Iran's ministry of intelligence and security.
By now, you're all probably very sick of hearing Fox News and “War on Christmas” stories… too bad. The War is on for another two weeks.
Last night, American Atheists' Dave Silverman appeared in-studio to go head-to-head-to-head with Sean Hannity and Todd Starnes — which, according to Fox News math, is fair-and-balanced — and did a fantastic job:
Highlight for me (at 7:51):
Hannity: … You know what I think? I think you're trying to raise money by appealing to your base, by going after Christian groups. Silverman: Pot. Nice to meet you, Kettle.
I know I'm biased here, but the more I see Silverman on camera, the more I appreciate his voice becoming a regular part of the mix. It's not always my message, but even on Fox News, he keeps his cool, fights back when necessary, and finds a way to get his point across. It's a hard thing to do and he really makes it look easy.
(via Mediaite)
Confirmation of the Formosan clouded leopard's extinction has been achieved by research scientists from Taiwan. They looked carefully for any signs of them for thirteen years using various forms of technology and no indications were ever documented.
‘A lot of people have said they are disappointed and find our
discovery quite regrettable. Some say they hope not just to feel regret but to do something to save other animals' said Kurtis Pei, a study leader from National Pingtung University. (Source: CS Monitor) The results of his team's study, though very disturbing, were not entirely surprising because a study conducted in 1985 had already concluded it was possible none were left.
The usual suspects in wild animal extinctions were in play for the Formosan Cloud Leopard. Habitat loss due to human development projects, poaching and loss of prey animals for food. Taiwan is one of the densest places in the world for human population with 23 million in a very small area.
Though these kinds of situations often initially result in some public outcry and commitment to conservation, it remains to be seen what actually can be done. Some would say human populations are already too large in some areas, and nothing could be done to offer true hope for other species. In Taiwan, there are other species that are vulnerable to extinction for the same reasons, such as the Formosan black bear. There may as few as 1,000 of these smallish bears left on the island.
Though there are some conservation measures that may help, the human population is still growing very slightly in Taiwan. Human overpopulation is the main issue, because it impacts so many different aspects of the natural world. If you give it any consideration, it is easy to see there is quite a surplus of humans and our demands upon the natural world are extreme.
The idea of reintroducing some of the surviving clouded leopards from the Himalayas has been floated, but this seems like it could backfire badly. The existing human culture on the island has demonstrated it is probably very incompatible with clouded leopards by driving them into extinction. Why jeopardize the survivors by capturing and trying to relocate them?
A Yemeni military official says suspected U.S. drone strikes have killed seven suspected Al Qaeda militants in the group's southern stronghold of Abyan.
The official said two drones struck two cars on Saturday carrying the suspected militants, wounding two people as well.
The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity according to regulations, did not identify the victims.
Also on Saturday, two gunmen on a motorbike shot and killed Colonel Yahya al-Umaysi, the commander of an air base in Sayoun city in Hadramawt province.
A security official said al-Umaysi was shot by one of the gunmen while leaving his car near a government office complex. The attacker, using a gun fitted with a silencer, fled.
The official spoke on condition of anonymity because he is not authorized to brief the media.
Vast amounts of information collected by private companies, including Google, Microsoft, Facebook and Twitter, give new insight into all aspects of everyday life.
Facebook's logo is reflected in the sunglasses of a young Indian woman in Bangalore. Academic research into behavior is growing as researchers tap into the cyber footprints of users on social media sites. (Photo: AFP/Getty Images) Story Highlights Social psychologists put social media research in the spotlight
Online actions offer research opportunities but raise privacy questions
Social media sites have privacy policies
Every time you search online for the best restaurant deal, share good news or bad with your Facebook friends, or tweet to your followers, your "audience" is bigger than you know.
That's because your every online move leaves cyber footprints that are rapidly becoming fodder for research without you ever realizing it. Using social media for academic research is accelerating and raising ethical concerns along the way, as vast amounts of information collected by private companies — including Google, Microsoft, Facebook and Twitter — are giving new insight into all aspects of everyday life.
Just consider that mining online communication has already helped Microsoft identify women at risk of postpartum depression. It's also allowed Facebook to study how parents and kids interact. The possibilities appear limited only by the imagination of the researchers, which is why such issues were in the spotlight recently at a meeting of social and personality psychologists. They gathered to concentrate on what's ahead amid concerns that some users of these sites may not like that their behavior is under the microscope. Even as this mining of huge digital data sets of collective behavior is on the rise, the word "caution" is coming from all sides.
"Be aware it is a space that is watched," says social psychologist Ilka Gleibs, an assistant professor at the London School of Economics in London, whose study about social networking sites for research field studies has been drawing attention since it went online in January in the journal Analyses of Social Issues and Public Policy.
RELATED: Facebook posts 'contagious,' research suggests
"Facebook is transformed from a public space to a behavioral laboratory," says the study, which cites a Harvard-based research project of 1,700 college-based Facebook users in which it became possible to "deanonymize parts of the data set," or cross-reference anonymous data to make student identification possible.
"Sometimes it's easier than we think to identify this data," she says. "I'm not saying no one should ever do this kind of research, but I'm saying we should be more cautious when we use this data."
Some of Facebook's research on user behavior found that 71% of people drafted at least one post that they never posted. Another analyzed 400,000 posts and found that children's communication with parents decreases in frequency from age 13 but then rises when they move out.
Facebook data scientist Adam Kramer, of the Menlo Park, Calif.-based company, outlined what the company is learning as part of the Society for Personality and Social Psychology meeting in Austin. Its president, social psychologist James Pennebaker, of the University of Texas-Austin, says privacy is a big issue for the research world.
"Facebook especially, and Microsoft, is scared to death about privacy issues," he says. "A bunch of researchers has access to everybody's posts and Facebook is built on what's yours is private. They are struggling with the problem the same way as the scientific community."
Attorney and privacy expert Parry Aftab, of New York City — a member of Facebook's Safety Advisory Board — suggests that users shouldn't worry because the very large companies such as Twitter, Google, Microsoft and Facebook have privacy policies for users.
"The sites will never provide personally identifiable information unless they have the consent of the users. And there is legal recourse if they're using it in any other way," she says.
But Facebook aficionados might recall that the company has had to backtrack on its privacy policies — more than once. Indeed, a University of Vienna study published in the journal Cyberpsychology, Behavior, and Social Networking, found almost half of Facebook users who left the site said it was over privacy concerns.
Caution isn't only about those on such sites, says J.B. Michel, of Brooklyn, N.Y., a visiting researcher at Harvard University and co-author of Uncharted: Big Data as a Lens on Human Culture, published in December.
Researchers who use these large sets of data "need to be especially cautious about the quality of the data and the error it can produce."
"It's easier to think you have found something," he says. "There are fewer data errors. But it's easy to misinterpret these data."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1ik0UPt
Culture.pl EN | Polish culture: literature, art, film, design, language, cuisine & more!
full-width, rgba(0, 0, 0, 0), Fat Thursday, Pączki, photo: PAP, Read about Poland's tastiest tradition, entity:node/42842, top-right, paczki-pap-nowe-fleszak1.jpg
Want Culture.pl in your inbox?
Metaphors of Independence: Poland In 100 Photos https://culture.pl/en/metaphors-of-independence-poland-in-100-photos metaphors_mini_1.png small [260px] Celebrating the centenary of Poland regaining its independence, each day, Culture.pl presents a new photograph that helps better understand the country's past and present.
[71/100] Flirting by the Carpet-Beating Frame https://culture.pl/en/work/flirting-by-the-carpet-beating-frame-bogdan-dziworski bdziworski-f56-049-lodz_1966-2000px.jpg medium [560 px] At the beginning of his artistic career, this director of photography and film director was also a keen photographer. His archive works are a light-hearted record of Polish society under communism.
Poles Far & Wide Max Factor, Patek Phillipe, Marie Rambert & more...! full width Off full width Off /en/poles-far-and-wide
Season 2 of the Stories From The Eastern West podcast has launched! https://culture.pl/en/stories-from-the-eastern-west s2_new_eps_fb.png full width [1160px] Stories From The Eastern West reveals little-known histories from Central and Eastern Europe that changed our world... #stories from the eastern west
Where Is Poland? Take a journey through a country that wasn't with our enormous interactive guide full width Off full width Off https://whereispoland.com/
Hundreds of thousands of Americans whose homes were damaged or destroyed by flooding from Hurricanes Harvey and Irma don't know how they will pay for repairs, rebuilding or replacement. Likewise, the nation as a whole needs a plan for fixing the deeply flawed federal system for managing and financing flood risks.
The National Flood Insurance Program insures almost five million homes and businesses against flood risks and handles related services such as flood risk mapping and floodplain management. It nearly ran out of funding before Congress voted to temporarily extend its authorization in early September. This reprieve means it can keep renewing and issuing new policies through December 8 – instead of being frozen at an inconvenient juncture.
As an expert on the structure and performance of insurance markets, I was relieved to see the program at least get patched. But I'm also concerned because lawmakers are making too little progress toward a long-overdue overhaul of the program that would make it solvent and more effective.
What's wrong?
As House Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling put it recently, Congress must “finally get serious about fixing the NFIP because it is not only broke, it is broken.”
After years of struggles, its problems worsened considerably after Hurricane Katrina in 2005. Along with other flooding programs and policies, it's failing in four main ways.
First, too few of the property owners who need flood insurance are buying it, and in some cases their coverage can't cover their losses. That leaves too many Americans saddled with uninsured losses – which in turn puts more pressure on the government to step up its assistance.
Second, the NFIP doesn't charge premiums high enough to cover its costs.
Third, since Congress hasn't officially filled the gap through appropriations, the program is running a big deficit.
Finally, the NFIP is forced to cover previously flooded homes and properties in very risky places. This mandate takes advantage of taxpayers since no private insurer would voluntarily cover those properties. Without leeway, the program – and by extension all taxpayers – is subsidizing the owners of homes and businesses that have been repeatedly flooded. Representing about 1 percent of all insured properties, they account for roughly 30 percent of NFIP claims.
Separately, measures aimed at reducing flood risk and losses aren't working. Local authorities allow too much building – and rebuilding – after disaster strikes in high-risk areas, such as barrier islands along the Southeast and Gulf coasts. And too many people are moving into those areas or staying put when they shouldn't.
Expanding coverage
The Insurance Information Institute estimates that only about 12 percent of homeowners currently have flood insurance policies. Without vouchers – or a similar approach – even fewer Americans who need flood insurance will buy it if premiums rise.
The NFIP and other insurers will cover only an estimated 30 percent of the flood losses from Harvey's record rainfalls and storm surges, real estate data company CoreLogic estimates.
Roy Wright, who runs the NFIP, blames premium increases stemming from the Biggert-Waters Act, which Congress passed in 2012, for a recent decline in the number of flood insurance policies purchased. He says the number of policies in the U.S. should double to 10 million.
Even more properties would have lacked flood insurance had Congress not rolled back Biggert-Waters two years later. The law was supposed to make the NFIP more self-sufficient by raising premiums and instituting other changes. Homeowners in high-risk areas pressured lawmakers to scrap it, though some rates were still allowed to rise.
Currently, people with mortgages are required to carry flood insurance only when their properties are located in high-risk areas. Like the General Accountability Office, I support extending this requirement to everyone with a mortgage.
Problematic premiums
So why doesn't the NFIP charge enough to cover its costs? One reason is subsidies.
The GAO estimates that the government subsidizes about one in five homeowner flood insurance policies.
These subsidies tend to help the people who need it least – like those with expensive mansions in coastal areas – at taxpayer expense. (Some of the subsidies are being phased out.)
Many experts and policymakers want the government to grant a new kind of subsidy by giving the homeowners who can't afford flood insurance means-tested vouchers to help pay for it.
In addition, experts at the Wharton School and elsewhere also argue that the NFIP miscalculates premiums, charging homeowners too little or too much. Adopting the latest technology and methods would make it more accurate.
I believe that the NFIP should also charge higher premiums for policies that cover properties that are especially susceptible to catastrophic losses from severe floods.
Forgiving the program's debt
Unless premiums start covering the program's costs or Congress appropriates more money for it, the NFIP will keep running deficits. It already owed the Treasury nearly US$25 billion before the latest hurricanes made landfall. Harvey and Irma could add $10 billion or more to this tab based on my broad-brush analysis of National Flood Insurance Program projections.
The GAO has argued that the NFIP should not have to repay its debt. I agree.
Private sector insurance pricing is prospective, not retrospective. Since private insurers cannot recoup losses from prior years by charging current and future policyholders more than what they owe, public sector insurers like the NFIP cannot either.
How Congress wants to fix it
Lawmakers have floated several flood insurance bills, all offering to fix different problems. So far, none of them would forgive the NFIP's debt, as a House bill introduced last year would have done.
The House bill that Texas Rep. Hensarling supports would make it easier for some homeowners to get and pay for flood insurance. It would also help put the NFIP on firmer fiscal footing by ruling out coverage for homes and businesses that have had claims amounting to more than twice their replacement cost and other reforms.
In the Senate, there are two bipartisan bills that would instead tighten the caps on annual rate increases, forcing taxpayers to pay more for flood losses at a time when scientists expect climate change to make bouts of extreme weather more common.
While the House bill would not solve all of the program's problems, the Senate bills fall even shorter. However, the Senate bills would substantially increase funding for flood-prevention efforts such as mapping that gauges the risk of flooding in coastal and inland areas.
They also call for boosting spending on floodplain management and risk mitigation by the Federal Emergency Management Agency, which runs the NFIP.
In practice that means the government could do more to encourage flood-prone areas to strengthen their zoning and building ordinances. As a result, more homeowners in risky areas might elevate their dwellings to make them less prone to flooding or communities could use zoning to discourage construction vulnerable to storm damage.
Many lawmakers also want to expand the role of private insurers, which underwrite only a small fraction of the flood policies now in place, by making it easier for them to sell flood policies. Some provisions in pending legislation that would do this would be helpful, but others could create problems such as allowing private companies to sell policies with substantial coverage gaps.
What about the Trump administration?
Unfortunately, the White House isn't helping. Trump's proposed budget would cut NFIP spending on flood mapping by $190 million. In August, shortly before Harvey made landfall, he rescinded an Obama-era executive order to establish a federal flood risk management standard for public infrastructure.
Clearly, there is no magical way to fix flood insurance while cutting what homeowners and the government spend on it.
But there are ways to make the program more sustainable and capable of doing more for the people who need help more than the affluent beneficiaries whom it now subsidizes. The Trump administration and Congress just have to be willing to do what it takes.
Greenway Coffee Owners Expand With A New Shop In Downtown Houston
Remember when the only way to get Greenway Coffee was to go to the food court underneath Greenway Plaza? We do. Fortunately since then, the Houston-based, boutique roaster has established a presence at Blacksmith and Morningstar, and is served in some of Houston's finer restaurants. Now, David Buehrer and Ecky Prabanto's company is expanding to a shop in downtown Houston named Prelude Coffee and Tea.
Specifically, it's opening at the new Hines tower at 609 Main and Texas. The 48-story, 1 million-square-foot skyscraper, featuring a “crystalline” design scheme by architectural firm Pickard-Chilton, including an 11-story atrium and water feature, is slated to be ready this month. However, Prelude, designed by HOK and located on the corner of the building closest to Capitol, won't be ready until May.
A press release says, “While Greenway, Morningstar, and Blacksmith will continue with regular operations, it is beyond time that downtown workers and residents are able to experience the culture and community-building vibe a global espresso bar can offer in a shop location that is more accessible during the workweek.”
In addition to espresso drinks made with Greenway Coffee beans (with some best-in-class machines, like a La Marzocco PB Linea espresso maker, and Mahlkoenig EK and Victoria Arduino Mythos grinders), Prelude also features a matcha tea program similar to the one at Morningstar. A featured drink will be the Matcha Sua Da, a take on Vietnamese iced coffee that swaps the tea for the traditional drip coffee. Another feature being carried over from Morningstar is housemade milk alternatives (think nut milk and soy milk).
Donuts, pastries and other food items will be delivered from Morningstar to Prelude Coffee and Tea.
All in all, it sounds like the shop is going to be the most full-featured haven downtown for workers and residents, whether they're in need of their Morning Joe or just an afternoon tea break.
Prelude Coffee and Tea will be open from 7 a.m. to 3 p.m. Keep up with their progress on Instagram, Twitter or Facebook.
EXCLUSIVE: Warner Bros-owned DC Comics imprint Vertigo movie titles are going to come under the auspices of New Line Cinema, I'm told. Warner Bros has its hands full with Batman, Superman, Aquaman, Wonder Woman and all of the other tentpole pictures they are planning from DC titles, and so it would make sense for the Vertigo titles to be steered under Toby Emmerich and Richard Brener. The Vertigo titles are considered subversive compared to the WB-steered DC Comics titles with those venerable superheroes.
Maybe the appropriate film on which to launch a dedicated Vertigo label would be Neil Gaiman's The Sandman, which Joseph Gordon-Levitt has been wrapped up in as director and star since he made his helming debut with Don Jon. Deadline scooped his involvement in the project two years ago. That project, a revered title by Gaiman which fanboys have waited years to see, has a script by Jack Thorne. Other titles in that constellation include Constantine, Preacher and Lucifer. That move is expected imminently, I'm told.
Downloads / Arma 2 / Editing / Editing References / Arma 2 Mission Editor Must-Know User's Manual
Author: AFOF_Murdock
Author Website: http://www.xfire.com/communities/e21/
Version: v1.01
Short description: The complete mustknow guide for mission editing.
v1.01The complete mustknow guide for mission editing. Date: 2011-01-04 22:16
Comments:
Rating: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 2011-01-04 22:16
Arma 2 Editor Must-Know Manual/Guide by
AFOF_Murdock byAFOF_Murdock
Description:
The complete guide from the simple to more advanced most commonly used features of the ArmA II 2D map editor.
Features:
Detailed explanations of all aspects discussed in the manual.
A code list on the end of the manual.
A full classname list WAS PLANNED, but is not included (for now).
Large screenshots (shot in ArmA 2 Combined Ops) and one video (for now) are included.
Tutorials on using, editing and creating.
External text files tutorials.
In-game result and example screenshots.
Excellent graphical design.
Full 45 pages of information.
Includes screenshots from ArmA 2 and Operation Arrowhead aswell.
Contains information on Operation Arrowhead-only functions aswell.
Contents: Basic use of the Editor
1. The interface
2. Adding and editing units
3. Adding and editing waypoints
4. Adding and editing triggers
5. Adding and editing groups
6. Synchronizing Intermediate use of the Editor
1. Modules
2. The init field and coding
3. Air vehicles control
4. Unit gear control
5. Boarding vehicles
6. Mission editing modes
7. Camera scripting Advanced use of the editor
1. Practical use of triggers and syncing
2. Inserting custom background music
3. Calling in predefined CAS
4. Calling in Artillery strikes/CAS on marked targets
5. Advanced use of modules
6. HALO jumps
7. AttachTo and SetPos commands
8. Briefings Scripting, scripts and codes 1. Useful and used codes
Documentation
1. External links
2. Credits, thanks and terms of use
3. Please read this appeal
Installation / Usage:
Just download and unzip (use winzip, winrar or Windows explorer's unzipper).
Open with Adobe Reader or Adobe Acrobat.
Notes:
This guide is based only on Singleplayer mission editing and scripting. Known AI and similar bugs encountered with dedicated servers are noted here, however no guidelines on creating a mission for online gameplay, or adapting one are found in this manual. Also it is fully concentrated on the 2D editor features, no 3D editor references.
Credits & Thanks:
AFOF_Murdock
BIS
BIS wiki
ArmAholic
BIS forums
PCLiPSE
Forums Topic:
- Armaholic forums
- BI forums
You are using our website as a guest. Guest have the lowest downloadspeeds and will download from our public file servers. If you would like to know how you can download with higher speeds and have to wait less while downloading check out the Armaholic subscription system.
When you have already subscribed and your account is not upgraded within 24 hours it means you probably forgot to include your username. If that is the case please contact us as soon as possible! What is two plus two? Type : Size : 13 MB Downloaded : 37385 times Report archive: Troubles downloading from Armaholic?
Enable javascript to be able to download from Armaholic please! The complete guide from the simple to more advanced most commonly used features of the ArmA II 2D map editor.Detailed explanations of all aspects discussed in the manual.A code list on the end of the manual.A full classname list WAS PLANNED, but is not included (for now).Large screenshots (shot in ArmA 2 Combined Ops) and one video (for now) are included.Tutorials on using, editing and creating.External text files tutorials.In-game result and example screenshots.Excellent graphical design.Full 45 pages of information.Includes screenshots from ArmA 2 and Operation Arrowhead aswell.Contains information on Operation Arrowhead-only functions aswell.Contents:Just download and unzip (use winzip, winrar or Windows explorer's unzipper).Open with Adobe Reader or Adobe Acrobat.This guide is based only on Singleplayer mission editing and scripting. Known AI and similar bugs encountered with dedicated servers are noted here, however no guidelines on creating a mission for online gameplay, or adapting one are found in this manual. Also it is fully concentrated on the 2D editor features, no 3D editor references.AFOF_MurdockBISBIS wikiArmAholicBIS forumsPCLiPSE
Tags: Editor, Guide, Manual
Kiara Robinson was enrolled in a training program with Outback Steakhouse. Credit:Janie Barrett "The Australian taxpayer is effectively funding this exploitation of young workers using the Vocational Education and Training system," South Coast Labour Council secretary Arthur Rorris said. Among those seeking backpay is Kiara Robinson, 22, who was enrolled in a training program with Outback Steakhouse in the Wollongong suburb of Fairy Meadow in 2014. She says she received no on-the-job training apart from about two sessions that involved filling out a booklet and answering what she described as very basic questions. Employed there for nine months, she said the sessions lasted up to two hours each. "There was no training while we were working," she said. "It was basically doing some paperwork to get a traineeship."
Outback Steakhouse in Fairy Meadow, Wollongong, where former employee Kiara Robinson says she was underpaid. Credit:Janie Barrett After she resigned, Ms Robinson received a "statement of attainment" as part of a Certificate III in Hospitality. It says she attained seven units including working effectively with others, working in hospitality and in a customer service environment. It also covered units in safe and hygienic food handling, sourcing information on the hospitality industry and showing social and cultural sensitivity. Ms Robinson was paid $11.80 per hour, about half the adult casual rate of $21.94 which Mr Rorris said she was entitled to for serving food and alcohol (as a level 2 employee under the Restaurant Award) in 2014. "Let's be clear, a full-time university student does not knowingly sign a three-year traineeship contract as a waitress just so that she can cut her wages in half," Mr Rorris said. "All of this is happening under the noses of the government and its 'Smart and Skilled' training system that has allowed private training companies to use taxpayer's money.
It makes me pretty angry that they were underpaying me and getting incentives from the government at the same time. Kiara Robinson "We are calling for an independent inquiry into the traineeship system and mounting evidence of exploitation that is emerging." Icon Restaurants Australia, which trades as Outback Steakhouse, still uses a 2002 wage agreement which says an employee who enters a traineeship is paid at "the minimum rate" for the duration of a traineeship. It also says a "trainee will undertake an average of 20 per cent of time in training" and their pay is to be reduced by this same percentage. Her employment records show that Ms Robinson was registered as a trainee from January 20, 2014 when she started working for the Outback Steakhouse Fairy Meadow. However, her training contract was not signed until March 7 that year. She was paid at the same minimum rate of $11.80 per hour from January 20 and after she started training.
The traineeship contract her employer completed and signed says Ms Robinson was working 21 hours a week and that she was one of 16 trainees working at the restaurant. According to the restaurant's wage agreement, the 21 hours should have been matched with an average 4.2 hours of training per week. But according to her pay records, Ms Robinson was only paid for about 388.5 hours in total for the 37 weeks she was employed. This means she worked an average of 10.5 hours per week and not the 21 hours stated on her training contract. Based on the actual number of hours she worked, Ms Robinson should have spent a total of 77.7 hours in training – about two hours per week. Ms Robinson said she and about 15 other employees were called into a room and rushed into signing documents to enrol in a training scheme. She had no idea it was a three-year traineeship.
"They said there is an opportunity to get some training and quite a few of us thought no worries, no cost to us," she said. "It was pretty rushed. We weren't told anything about the traineeship and how it related to our pay." Another former Outback Steakhouse employee who did not want her name published told Fairfax Media she attended only three or four training sessions during her 15 months of employment at Outback Steakhouse Fairy Meadow. She was paid the same rate as Ms Robinson for serving food and alcohol. "Basically nothing was taught to us," she said. "I didn't find it useful to our job at all.
"It was a workbook – questions and some diagrams. It was theory, but didn't cover anything we did in a practical sense." Mr Rorris said the traineeship should never have been approved because Ms Robinson worked an average of half the 21 hours in her traineeship contract and because she had no regular hours of work. The Department of Industry which administers the training subsidy under the state government's Smart and Skilled vocational training program said anyone doing a part-time traineeship must be offered regular employment and training each week, at least a minimum of 15 hours per week for traineeships of less than two years and 21 hours per week for traineeships of two years or more. As a full-time university student, Ms Robinson now questions how she was enrolled in the government-subsidised traineeship. "I wasn't getting enough hours of work to be a trainee anyway," she said.
"It makes me pretty angry that they were underpaying me and getting incentives from the government at the same time. "They didn't explain it to us." Ms Robinson said she felt exploited by the restaurant. "We were just a bunch of 18-year-olds in our first job," she said. "I don't think we should have been expected to know what we were getting into and I definitely think they took advantage of that."
A full page of her "NSW Apprenticeship/Traineeship – Training Plan" marked Part 2 which lists formal training details is blank and Part 3, which should outline further details of her training, is missing. Mr Rorris has called for the suspension of all new hospitality industry traineeships run through private registered training organisations until an extensive audit of existing traineeships is undertaken. NSW Teachers Federation president Maurie Mulheron said its state executive carried a resolution on April 4 in support of the campaign to stop the exploitation involving private registered training organisations. It supports the Labour Council's call for an independent inquiry into the NSW traineeship system. "The federation believes what has been uncovered may just be the tip of the iceberg," Mr Mulheron said.
"Federation is concerned that there may be significant numbers of school-aged children as well as university students forced to sign documents resulting in them being underpaid." A spokeswoman for Outback Steakhouse confirmed some of its employees participate in training courses through a registered training organisation and Apprentice Support Australia. "It is the responsibility of each individual employee to complete course requirements to secure qualifications," she said. "Employees remuneration is not discounted if they are enrolled in a traineeship and fully complies with Outback Steakhouse's Certified Agreement. This is lodged under Icon Restaurants Australia Pty Limited. "Fair treatment of all employees is core to the business and Outback Steakhouse encourages employees with concerns about their pay or training to contact the company directly."
The company which delivers training to Outback Steakhouse employees said Ms Robinson did not complete the training program but it "conducted an appropriate amount of training for her program". The training company rejected the claim that Ms Robinson only undertook about two sessions of training saying this was "not accurate based on her progress through the program". "It is our practice to provide all trainees with a full training plan," the company said. "At the completion of her units, Ms Robinson signed her training log confirming she had completed all hours necessary." The training company did not reply to Fairfax Media's requests for a copy of the logbook and the actual number of hours Ms Robinson completed as part of her training.
When Mr Rorris asked for copies of Ms Robinson's records, the training company replied in an email on March 22 that it was only required to keep documents for two years and the "records are no longer available". The Australian Business Apprenticeships Centre provided Ms Robinson with a copy of her training plan which it said the training company had provided. A spokesman for the NSW Department of Industry said Training Services NSW is currently monitoring the performance of training providers associated with the company. The providers received state government subsidies through its Smart and Skilled program. "Stringent quality controls govern the delivery of training subsidised by Smart and Skilled and protection for students is our absolute priority," the department spokesman said. "All Smart and Skilled training providers are subject to regular monitoring and review and we actively encourage students to contact Training Services NSW at any time if they are not satisfied with the training being delivered.
"All such concerns are taken very seriously and while we cannot comment on ongoing investigations we can confirm Training Services NSW is currently undertaking performance monitoring of Smart and Skilled training providers associated with [the company]." A spokesman for the Australian Skills Quality Authority said it has not received complaints about the company which has active registrations. Do you know more? Contact Anna Patty: apatty@fairfaxmedia.com.au
President Donald Trump promised the “low-life” leakers who got Michael Flynn fired as national security adviser would be caught in a series of tweets Thursday, and demanded an apology over the story from The New York Times.
“Leaking, and even illegal classified leaking, has been a big problem in Washington for years,” Trump tweeted. Failing @nytimes (and others) must apologize!”
Leaking, and even illegal classified leaking, has been a big problem in Washington for years. Failing @nytimes (and others) must apologize! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 16, 2017
“The spotlight has finally been put on the low-life leakers!” he added a few minutes later. “They will be caught!
The spotlight has finally been put on the low-life leakers! They will be caught! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 16, 2017
While the media and Democrats have focused primarily on the exact nature of the phone call between Flynn and the Russian ambassador that led to his resignation, Trump and some Republicans and journalists have drawn attention to the illegal leak of classified information.
Flynn allegedly discussed sanctions with the ambassador, possibly in violation of federal law, and then lied to Vice President Mike Pence about the nature of the call. Someone inside notified Trump about the discrepancy, and leaked the news to the press. Trump later asked Flynn to resign, saying he didn't break the law, but had lost the trust of the administration.
He blamed the whole thing on the intelligence community Wednesday, hours before The Wall Street Journal reported intelligence officers are withholding sensitive information from the president out of concern it might get leaked or compromised. Some see a dangerous feud developing between Trump and the intelligence community, including top former intelligence officials who told The Daily Caller News Foundation the Flynn ouster appears to be part of a wider campaign to discredit the new administration.
House Republicans are launching an investigation into the leaks, but will not investigate Flynn. Leading senators on the Judiciary Committee, however, have requested a briefing on the circumstances of Flynn's resignation and transcripts of his intercepted phone calls.
(DAILY CALLER)
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected].
Buddhist leaders in New York City and around the world are warning the public to be cautious of the panhandling trend that takes advantage of the public's image of Buddhist monks as harmless.
In many major cities around the world, men posing as Buddhist monks with shaven heads and monk's robes harass passers-by for money and react angrily when confronted. According to CTV News, the problem has recently increased across New York City, particularly at tourist destinations including Times Square and the High Line public park.
Rev. TK Nakagaki, president of the Buddhist Council of New York, told CTV News the fake monks “are very aggressive and hostile if you don't give them money.”
Last year, the panhandling monks were dubbed “holy terrors” and the “new squeegee men of New York” by the The New York Post, and according to The New York Times they are “ubiquitous” in the city. The problem grew to such an extent that Facebook pages such as “Fake Monks in New York City” were created to warn others of the issue. There have also been sightings of female panhandlers posing as Buddhist nuns.
According to multiple reports, the faux-monks approach pedestrians and ask them to sign a petition for peace before offering a medallion or bracelet and pushing for donations that will supposedly be donated to a temple in Thailand.
Reports of this type of panhandling began surfacing around 2012 and over the years there have been an increasing number of news stories about the impostors appearing in cities in the US, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Japan, and Cambodia.
In January 2015, The New Zealand Herald reported that, according to a woman who was trained to pose as a nun, a Chinese syndicate was behind the fraud. The woman had paid a fee of 10,000 renminbi (US$1613) to be trained and equipped as a fake Taoist nun, and a portion of the cash she collected was sent to the syndicate leaders.
The acts of the panhandling monks are seen as disrespectful to the Buddhism. Traditionally, Buddhist monastics accept donations of food they are offered while on on alms rounds.
There's a simple way to spot a fake monk. A real monk will never aggressively beg for money.
If you see a fake monk aggressively panhandling you can register a complaint with the local police. In most cities police are unable to act unless they receive complaints from the public.
According to The Oregonian, the unnamed man in his 50s was bitten whilst trying to remove a mouse from the cat's mouth.
After being bitten the man developed swollen lymph nodes which is a recognised symptom of the bubonic plague. Whilst in hospital, he developed the septicemic form of the disease that causes the victim to bleed from the mouth, nose or rectum. He is now in a critical condition and undergoing intensive treatment at St. Charles Medical Centre in Bend.
During the 14th century, the plague, infamously known as the Black Death killed up to 60 per cent of Europe's population. The bacterium that causes it – Yersinia pestis – is carried by rat-borne fleas. Humans can catch the disease from contact with rodents or other animals according to the Centre for Disease Control and Prevention.
Modern antibiotics are meant to be able to cure the disease but a plague vaccine is no longer sold in the USA.
ADVERTISEMENT:
Well this news is old by now. If you saw the earth-shattering announcement from Mark Rosewater:
As you can imagine from the staggering 1,150 notes, there was a lot to be said about this announcement. No fetch land reprints!? What is Wizards of the Coast thinking!? Well I will tell you fine Magic playing fellows, they were thinking they didn't need to be reprinted. Modern just received a huge infusion of fetch lands that were not even previously legal only a year ago.
I'm going to take a quick second before I continue to urge you to buy your Khans of Tarkir fetch lands. Don't finish that one sweet EDH deck you've been working on for months. Don't buy into the UR Mill deck that just won Grand Prix San Diego last week. Do yourself a favor and just get your set of lands. And then go out and tell your friends to get theirs too. There is no place these cards can go but up.
We now return to your regularly scheduled programming.
So yeah, Wizards was thinking that a fall set filled with lands that haven't been printed since their original release in October of 2002 would be better. You know, like 13 years ago. So when you look at it like that ,there really isn't a reason to complain about the Zendikar lands not being reprinted a mere 6 years later (Zendikar was released in October of 2009).
And then came the announcement that kind of felt like this. People panicked! What else are you supposed to do? They're not getting printed! Well a product of nobody being prepared was really just a reasonable price for what Zendikar lands were available. And then quickly not available as people became prepared. The buyout was not silent but very deadly. Over night, as you may have noticed, every Zendikar fetch land has doubled in price. Is it going to stay that way? Probably not forever. Is it worth buying them now? Probably not anymore.
What a lot of people tend to forget is how powerful the Khans of Tarkir ones are in Modern. Many decks don't actually need enemy colored fetch lands to function. There are one and a half exceptions to this. Jund is a deck that is pretty much unplayable without Verdant Catacombs. The main reason is you need to be able to fetch basic Swamp and basic Forest in order to play effectively around Blood Moon. But to be completely realistic, there is no way you're able to afford the spells in Jund and not the lands. Any deck that plays 4 Tarmogoyfs is generally no longer shackled by the price of it's lands.
The other land that sees a tremendous amount of play in modern from Zendikar is Scalding Tarn. This land is by far the most expensive and probably the most widely played. It's also pretty replaceable. The reason fetch lands see such high play is the ability to fetch Ravnica shock lands but also to fetch basic lands to beat Blood Moon. If your deck has 1 Steam Vents in it then you can play Scalding Tarn, Arid Mesa, Misty Rainforest, Bloodstained Mire, Wooded Foothills, Polluted Delta, or Flooded Strand to fetch it. If those are you only concerns you have a ton of choices of lands to play! Unfortunately it is not that simple, you need access to appropriate basics. As a frequent fetcher of Islands, I can safely say that Scalding Tarn could be replaced with Polluted Delta, Flooded Strand, or Misty Rainforest while only sacrificing tiny percentage points in your matches. The reality is there are not a lot of situations you want to fetch basic Mountain and therefore any Island fetch land will suffice. Modern has long been a Steam Vents vs Overgrown Tomb format and the reality is you almost never need to fetch basic Mountain.
Where do we go from here? Just play other Island fetch lands in your decks. You can play Modern and you will not likely lose to your inability to fetch a basic Mountain. If you want to play a Green and Black deck, well I have no alternative to offer you other than to buy Verdant Catacombs. It sucks they're really expensive but there is truly no other alternative. Other than you know, the decks that don't play fetch lands…
Which brings us to our Daily Double
Well if you can't buy cards, you can always sell cards, right? Now I think is time to get out of any short term specs you have for Magic Origins. I personally have been selling out of a ton.
ADVERTISEMENT:
You know what to do when you double on a spec? Get out while you still can! I picked up 3 Jace, Vryn's Prodigy on Pucatrade for 1500 Pucapoints near release (about $15). I was able to sell them locally to a player for $30 per copy and plan to buy them back in October during Battle for Zendikar hype.
I sold these when the Pro Tour spike was in effect but I don't think they're terrible good to hold onto when they have a fair trade price of $9.25. I think it will quickly drop down to a $5 niche rare until it spikes another tournament. The risk that these fall before another spike is too high for my liking.
ADVERTISEMENT:
If you own these and don't play Abzan there is not really any reason to keep them. Nissa is a $25 Borderland Ranger in a deck that is clogged at 3 more than a toilet at a frat party. With Hero's Downfall, Deathmist Raptor, Courser of Kruphix, Abzan Charm, Anafenza the Foremost, and more at 3, there is little reason this will see enough copies to maintain it's price. Similarly Languish has been described in Patrick Chapin's podcast as a “Poor man's drown in sorrow and a poor man's crux of fate”. The reality of the spell is it's unlikely to get played in huge enough numbers to continue to hold it's price tag that is 4 times as much as Crux of Fate.
This card isn't worth much but it's worth more than nothing. It takes a lot for a card to be more than bulk in Khans of Tarkir due to the fetch lands taking up so much of the set's value. Enjoy this short boost in value by trading your copies out.
Bull Market
There are some cards I think are still good pickups right now and have been acquiring them myself.
Low mana cost flexible mythic rare from a small set? This is practically the textbook definition of “could be worth a ton.” With the rotation of Elvish Mystic there is a real premium on good 1 drops that aren't Red. It's unlikely Abzan is going anywhere and with the rotation of Fleecemane Lion there are a lot less good things to do on turn 2. There are a lot worse places you could put your money than on this sub $4 card.
So this card is pretty close to bulk and I don't foresee that staying that way in the future. The big difference between this and a lot of similar effects is that YOU choose everything. Is your best guy better than their worst guy? That's pretty good because that's the board state after this card. At a fair trade value of $0.69 there is little to lose by buying in now. It's picking up a ton of steam on Pucatrade too. That has been a fairly good indicator that players value the card more than it's current price. I also think the foil at $2ish is probably a good pickup as it does similar things to an EDH game.
And with this extra long edition of Grinder Finance I hope you all did great at Game Day and are ready for our first taste of Battle for Zendikar spoilers. I expect we will see some big reveals August 28-31st at Pax Prime.
ADVERTISEMENT:
Never before in the recent history of Apple product announcements has the famously tight-lipped company confirmed the name of a gadget in advance. But that's what happened Tuesday when the invites arrived for a special event on September 12 — featuring a giant 5 in the shadow of the date.
Apple famously wrong-footed the media around this time last year, announcing the iPhone 4S after every outlet on the planet had predicted the device would be called the iPhone 5. No clues as blatant as this one had been offered beforehand, and as a result, many attendees at the product launch felt underwhelmed.
The process happened again in March of this year, when Apple watchers were expecting an iPad 3 or iPad HD — only to be greeted with a tablet that the Cupertino company simply called " the new iPad ."
Even prior to the original iPhone announcement in 2007, there was some doubt as to whether the device would actually be called an iPhone. Cisco already had an IP telephony product with that name; not until Steve Jobs pulled one out on stage at Moscone West in San Francisco did it emerge that the two companies had come to an agreement.
So that giant shadowy 5 could well be a sign that Apple is going to be a little less mysterious in its product launch process from this point on; that it feels some of the frenzied speculation could actually be doing it harm. Perhaps it wants to make clear we won't be talking about "the new iPhone" eight days from now. The iPhone numbering system lives on.
Indeed, if the iPhone 5 is little more than the incremental innovations we've been hearing about — a longer, thinner screen, a smaller dock connector, and no NFC (near-field communications, which would allow you to pay in stores with your phone) — it may be a prudent move for the company to deflate the bubble of speculation a little.
Which isn't to say there is no mystery surrounding the September 12 event. We still don't know if Apple will debut the much-anticipated iPad Mini there, or leave that for a separate event later in the fall.
What are you expecting to see in the iPhone 5? Let us know in the comments.
Image copyright Getty Images
After a New York City grand jury did not indict police officer Daniel Pantaleo for causing the death of Eric Garner, protesters headed to the streets, city officials went before the cameras and at least some police officers took to the internet.
On websites catering to the law enforcement community, the mood was largely angry and defensive - reflecting a community that sees itself as under siege by an unappreciative public.
On Thee Rant, a message board for New York Police Department officers, many posters expressed relief at the grand jury's decision and concern for backlash against fellow cops.
Although the users are anonymous, the site attempts to limit its membership to verified law enforcement personnel.
This is our jury system, and it's not a lynch mob, it's a democratic process "Officer Joe Bolton", Thee Rant
"I was afraid this was going to be payback for Ferguson," writes one. "Thankfully that wasn't the case."
"To all the active cops working, be alert," says another. "Put your cellphones away, and watch each other's backs."
The grand jury's decision proved that the system works, writes "Officer Joe Bolton".
"You can hook up every cop in the nation with body cams, but the system, which is comprised of everyday citizens, ultimately decide the fate of all," he says. "This is our jury system, and it's not a lynch mob, it's a democratic process."
Posters on PoliceOne, a national law enforcement website with restricted membership, echoed these sentiments.
"Every now and then we win one," writes a poster. "Horrible situation, man lost his life, but like in the Ferguson case he controlled his own destiny."
One particular point of contention in many of the messages was media descriptions of the restraining move used by Mr Pantaleo as a "chokehold".
"He was not choked to death," writes officerloney. "He was taken down by the neck after refusing to comply with the lawful arrest of officers of the NYPD."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Some posters on law enforcement message boards wonder if they should sacrifice themselves "for a community who routinely sides with the criminals"
Another says Mr Pantaleo was using a "lateral neck restraint" that, if done correctly, renders the "individual unconscious for a short time, enabling the officer to place handcuffs on the suspect". Garner, some asserted, died as a result of complications from pre-existing medical conditions such as his weight and asthma.
Discussion also broadened to larger issues of effective policing. Many asked whether the public wants police officers to just stand by if they see a crime being committed or back down if challenged by a suspect.
"I'm sorry for past issues involving race that I DIDN'T have anything to do with; but if you don't listen to what I'm telling you - like you are under arrest - then any problems from that point on are your fault!" writes Aviano25.
Yes, white cops are racist right-wing culture warriors THAT'S WHY THEY BECAME COPS Jeff Deeney, Columnist
The frustration boiled over for a number of members, who wondered why they should risk their lives for an ungrateful public.
"Answer calls, take reports, TAKE YOUR PAYCHECK, and go home," one writes. "Don't be proactive; let the neighbourhood destroy itself."
"Honour dictates we give eight hours of work for eight hours of pay, but it does not require we sacrifice ourselves for a community who routinely sides with the criminals," says another.
"Maybe someday, the majority of the public will look up from the TV and wonder what the hell happened to the country," Aviano25 says. "Maybe they will actually want to see the laws that they passed enforced. Maybe they will want to feel safe in their communities. And if they're very lucky, there might still be a cop around that gives a damn."
A number of the messages contained angry attacks on New York Mayor Bill DeBlasio, US Attorney General Eric Holder and President Barack Obama - some with overtly racist epithets. On Thursday social media erupted with anger over the tenor of these posts, with links to or images captured from the websites.
Huffington Post justice reporter Ryan J Reilly, among others, tweeted the more offensive messages. New York magazine's Joe Coscarelli also covered the subject and presented choice quotes.
"By no means a comprehensive view of law-enforcement feelings about the incident, the postings do provide a different - if beyond upsetting - perspective," he writes.
Others were less sanguine.
"I love when people periodically rediscover PoliceOne," tweets the Fix columnist and Atlantic magazine contributor Jeff Deeney. "Yes, white cops are racist right-wing culture warriors. THAT'S WHY THEY BECAME COPS."
If many law enforcement officers feel embattled it's likely because the grand jury's decision in the Garner case has been almost universally condemned, on the right and the left. Even conservative Fox News panelists, many noted, were openly critical.
"Let's be real about all this," NYCTPF writes on Thee Rant,. "A NYC cop's life, whether it be his physical life, his financial life, his family life or the lives of his family, mean ABSOLUTELY NOTHING to any of the characters in all this crap."
A popular term used to describe police is that they are a "thin blue line" protecting the general public from dangerous criminals. Given the outrage in Ferguson and New York, combined with the apparent frustration on the part of some in law enforcement, that line may be growing increasingly frayed.
CLOSE House majority leader Eric Cantor has lost his Republican primary.
House Majority Leader Eric Cantor, R-Va., delivers his concession speech as his wife, Diana, listens in Richmond, Va., Tuesday, June 10, 2014. (Photo: Steve Helber/AP)
RICHMOND, Va. — House Majority Leader Eric Cantor lost in his Republican primary election Tuesday to a little-known economics professor, a stunning upset for the No. 2 Republican in the House and a major victory for the ultraconservative tea party movement.
Cantor, viewed as a possible successor to House Speaker John Boehner, was taken down by a political novice with little money named Dave Brat. His win marked the biggest triumph this year for tea party supporters who until a few years ago backed Cantor, a former state legislator who rose to Majority Leader in 2011.
Much of the campaign centered on immigration, where critics on both sides of the debate have recently taken aim at Cantor. Brat accused Cantor of being a top cheerleader for "amnesty" for immigrants who are living in the U.S. illegally. Cantor responded forcefully by mailing out fliers boasting of blocking Senate plans "to give illegal aliens amnesty."
It was a change in tone for Cantor, who has repeatedly voiced support for giving citizenship to certain immigrants brought illegally to the country as children. Cantor and House Republican leaders have advocated a step-by-step approach, rather than the comprehensive bill backed by the Senate. They've made no move to bring legislation to a vote and appear increasingly unlikely to act this year.
Cantor conceded the race with his wife, Diane, at his side.
"Obviously we came up short," Cantor told glum supporters at a suburban Richmond hotel. "Serving you as the 7th District congressman and having the privilege of being the majority leader has been the highest honor of my life," added Cantor, who is the most prominent Jewish Republican leader.
Jay S. Poole, a Cantor volunteer, said Brat tapped into widespread frustration among voters about the gridlock in Washington and issues such as immigration. "I can't tell you how amazing this is to me," Poole said.
Brat's message apparently registered with voters in Virginia's 7th District, which is in the Richmond area.
NEWSLETTERS Get the AZ Memo newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Get the pulse of Arizona -- Local news, in-depth state coverage and what it all means for you Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-332-6733. Delivery: Mon-Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for AZ Memo Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Brat had been a thorn in Cantor's side throughout the campaign, casting the congressman as a Washington insider who isn't conservative enough. Last month, a feisty crowd of Brat supporters booed Cantor in front of his family at a local party convention.
"If I had my way, I wish everybody in Congress and the Senate would be gone and we would start fresh," said Brat voter Henry Moriconi, 70, of Henrico County, who expressed frustration that Congress has been unable to confront issues such as the federal deficit.
Brat, he said, is "the right person for the job."
The tea party movement advocates deep spending cuts to reduce the federal deficit, but opposes tax increases to boost revenue.
Brat's supporters gathered Tuesday night in the lobby of a suburban Richmond office park and cheered as the widely unexpected results began to arrive. Brat made the rounds among a crowd of more than 200 people, shaking hands and giving hugs.
Tiffs between the Republican Party establishment and tea party factions have flared in Virginia since tea party favorite Ken Cuccinelli lost last year's gubernatorial race. Cantor supporters have met with stiff resistance in trying to wrest control of the state party away from tea party enthusiasts, including in Cantor's home district.
Brat teaches at Randolph-Macon College, a small liberal arts school north of Richmond. He raised just over $200,000 for his campaign, while Cantor spent more than $1 million in April and May alone to try to beat back his challenge.
Washington-based groups also spent heavily in the race. The American Chemistry Council, whose members include many blue chip companies, spent more than $300,000 on TV ads promoting Cantor in the group's only independent expenditure so far this election year. Political arms of the American College of Radiology, the National Rifle Association and the National Association of Realtors also spent money on ads to promote Cantor.
Brat offset the cash disadvantage with endorsements from conservative activists like radio host Laura Ingraham and with help from local tea party activists angry at Cantor.
"Eric Cantor's loss tonight is an apocalyptic moment for the GOP establishment," said ForAmerica Chairman Brent Bozell, a conservative leader who advises some tea party groups. "The grassroots is in revolt and marching."
Last Saturday, Democrats picked Jack Trammell as their nominee for the general election in the 7th District. He is an associate professor of Sociology at Randolph-Macon College, the same school where Brat teaches.
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/1hGqZfX
Posted 26 June 2013 - 5:59 AM
POPULAR
Recently Jagex has stepped up a gear in terms of its level of interaction with the RuneScape player community. Ranging from weekly Behind the Scenes videos, RuneCast, Community Round-Ups, open fansite endorsement and support, and so on. Zybez, meanwhile, has had the pleasure and privilege of Mod Mat K personally registering on these forums in order to contact our users (specifically those in the clan world) directly.
Mat joined Jagex in October 2005, starting out in Player Support, and joined Community Management in March 2006 where he worked primarily with the Player Moderators. He then introduced the Clan Leader and High Level Player forums as the first step towards the full clan support system we have today. Since, Mat has been a Community Manager responsible for all of Jagex's published games (Ace of Spades, Carnage, War of Legends, as well as some still to be released) - and in February this year, became the Community Manager responsible for Old School RuneScape (his current job title).
Kindly accepting a request for an interview (the Blogs & Comics team's first with a J-Mod!) - we, the UN clan leaders, and wider RSC staff pitched to him a variety of questions regarding himself, RuneScape 2 and OSRS, the clan world, and general RuneScape community. We hope you enjoy reading through all of Mat's answers below!
Sector Six: What is it like being a Jagex employee? Could you give us a little run down of a day in the life of a Jagex moderator / employee?
Mat K:
The duck: What is your favourite quest? And more specifically, what is your favourite quest series?
Mat K:
ToeJam: It has been said that you've had first-hand experience of the pvp clan scene, can you give us a bit of a run down on your involvement, what kept you hooked and have you ever thought of re-joining the community as a player?
Mat K:
Manga: What is your favorite piece of content you feel is overlooked by most of the community?
Mat K:
Manga: I understand you were a player of the game before you were a staff member, what is your most nostalgic moments of the game to you?
Mat K:
Manga: If you had backups to the start of RuneScape 2, what time period would you have re-released to the public?
Mat K:
Murdoc: What inspired you to actually make the leap from being a player to working for Jagex itself?
Mat K:
Murdoc: Are there any pieces of content you've had a role in shaping in any way?
Mat K:
BrotherVoid1: Do you ever miss your position as head of the HLF? Since your departure, it hasn't had the same feel as it used to. It may be the absence of Lemar, or the new team trying to find its stride, but (in a world with infinite time) do you ever wish you still led the HLF?
Mat K:
*Sam*: What is your favourite clan of all time?
Mat K:
No1: Would you rather fight one horse-sized duck, or a hundred duck-sized horses?
Mat K:
Murdoc: What were your initial thoughts when the movement to bring back pre-Evolution of Combat servers started gaining solid momentum and support? Were there conflicting interests that as a player you (perhaps) felt it was a great idea, but as a Jagex employee "first and foremost" the company should be 100% committed towards building on the update and looking to the future (regardless of the backlash)?
Mat K:
ToeJam: Were you surprised to see the old school community not reaching 75% votes for new armour as a mini game reward? Following on from that, what are your thoughts on introducing weapons and armour that came after 07?
Mat K:
Murray 1991: Will more free to play styled worlds be added to the Old school servers, also will players ever be able to have access to these worlds without having to pay a membership fee?
Mat K:
Jim: What is going to happen to OSRS in the future update wise? Godwars? Quests? Minigames? Are they going to be direct port overs or will they have changes, and if so how drastic would the changes be?
Mat K:
Jim: PKing and Skilling are going pretty strong. PvM however kind of got the short end of the stick. There are 15 skills you can train as a skiller. The wild is huge for players and groups to meet up and kill each other. However PvM has King Black Dragon, Dagannoth Kings, Barrows Brothers, Kalhite Queen, Chaos Elemental, and Giant Mole.
Mat K:
Jim: Has the idea of introducing Dungeoneering to OSRS ever been thrown around? "EoC" RuneScape changed more than just PKing. I wouldn't mind Dungeoneering without the reward of overpowered weapons and rewards.
Mat K:
spoonheb: You mentioned a game engine update might be necessary to introduce some requested updates, such as bank search and 'dead-clicks', is this something we could expect to happen or be polled? In the short term?
Mat K:
spoonheb: With Dom Onion's Tower just passing the 75% approval threshold to be implemented should we be expecting other OSRS exclusive content or large update polls in the future? The near future?
Mat K:
spoonheb: Are the proposed updates more likely to be focused around combat due to the nature of the OSRS community and/or basic premise? Or should we be on the look-out for something which might benefit skillers or add variety to skilling?
Mat K:
Cypher: How come the content polls required a 75% majority vote rather than a simple majority or even a 2/3rds majority?
Mat K:
Cypher: Following that, could some usability features be looked at again? Specifically, I'm referring to using the scroll wheel of a mouse to move the camera around. Many people voted "no" in that poll because they did not have a mouse wheel or would not use the feature themselves. The feature did not pass despite nearly 2/3rds of the community wanting it. Perhaps a new option could be added saying "Doesn't apply to me"? Also, would it be possible for such insignificant updates like these usability ones to only require a 51% vote to pass since their effect on game play is minimal to none?
Mat K:
Renkotsu: Is there a planned rework of the way the OSRS content polls are done? I ask this because the polls are somewhat flawed at the moment. Things like the roof toggle and the routefinding patch don't belong on the polls because they already pass them with a ~90% majority vote. The space that they free up can be used for updates that have more promise. The way poll questions are formatted are fine, but they come with vague descriptions of the potential update. If these content polls are to succeed, I feel as if they should go in-depth about each update and their potential impact on the game. F2P-styled servers, a highly requested update from the clan community failed the first time around, so isn't that more than proof enough that these polls need changing?
Mat K:
THOMAS: How does Jagex intend to expand the player base of 07 RS? Right now it is filled with players who came back for nostalgia, but at a certain point they need to draw in new blood or the population will slowly dwindle.
Mat K:
Renkotsu: Will OSRS ever become free-to-play and/or be further advertised on sites like AddictingGames and Miniclip like it was back in the day? Some may beg to differ, but OSRS will fail regardless of how hard anyone tries without legitimate F2P and wider publicity.
Mat K:
ultimair: What is being done to target individuals who ddos the 07 servers? Are there any investigations, suspects, or anything being done to bring this to a halt?
Mat K:
Jay: What do you feel about the current state of botting in the game, are you seeing any turnaround from the effort put in to stop them?
Mat K:
Wilky: In your opinion, what is the biggest problem in RuneScape at the moment - and thoughts on how to solve it?
Mat K:
Wilky: What are your and Jagex's point of view regarding the increasing amount of bot accounts on RS2007?
Mat K:
Elder Jr: Do you think theres any chance we can see new quests coming up in OSRS later down the road? Like the Elf storyline? We don't have to completely follow the same pattern but maybe something different, something unique, maybe a different path?
Mat K:
Jaddy: Would you rather produce unique content for OSRS or are you looking at post-07 maingame content to be added to the servers?
Mat K:
Jaddy: What is your stance on the accusations/claims that the oldschool servers split the community into two portions, both too small for a game as big as RuneScape?
Mat K:
Vigilant Foe: Are there any plans (or capabilities) to bring back any more old animations or graphics, such as what was done with the mining animation? I.E. dragons, giants, etc.
Mat K:
Debenkey: What are you most looking forward to in RuneScape for the second half of the year?
Mat K:
Casey: When will Prifddinas be done?
Mat K:
Sector Six: Do you see Jagex's effort to reach out to the clan world continuing and prospering in the future & why so?
Mat K:
Venomous76: How many more players/clans do you think would of came back if 07 started off as free to play without membership fees?
Mat K:
Wee Man: Do you think working with and promoting the Zybez clanning community is a good way to increase wilderness activity and perhaps introduce more people from the RSB clans to our style of warring and clanning?
Mat K:
Wee Man: Would you ever consider supporting or advertising external clan websites in any form?
Mat K:
gkitti: In your opinion, how does the RSB clan community differ from the RSC community, and what things would you change/ keep the same from each one?
Mat K:
Matchu: Considering your role within the company, what are JaGex's future plans for fan sites? Will there be a restructuring / redevelopment of the current Platinum / Gold / Silver / Bronze structure?
Mat K:
Debenkey: Which time period (in years) do you feel had the greatest community of players, in terms of players interacting with one another to form one great society?
Mat K:
Zpoon: Jagex's community involvement over the years has gone from selective and limited, to non-existent, and now very involved and visible. The communication channels between the fans and fansites went from the odd rare, flaky reply on the official forums and the extremely rare email correspondence to dedicated email boxes, to a whole deal of welcoming activity on both the official, and third party sites like Zybez, Reddit, Facebook, Twitter, YouTube and others. Could you explain the reason for the reserved and hands-off approach to community involvement in the past (if you can, if it's beyond your time then feel free to skip) and how it's changed to what it is today. The level of involvement I see right now (even from this q/a session!) from you and the team at Jagex is amazing and is a very warm change. Just any thoughts on your goals and aspirations in this regard.
Mat K:
No1: How do you feel your efforts have paid off with OSRS and community involvement over the past four months? Do you have any regrets?
Mat K:
An important bantamweight fight is close to being added to UFC 202.
According to sources, the UFC is working on finalizing Cody Garbrandt vs. Takeya Mizugaki for the Aug. 20 card. The fight has yet to be made official, though.
Garbrandt (9-0) is coming off a first-round knockout of Thomas Almeida in May. He's a perfect 4-0 inside the Octagon.
Mizugaki (21-9-2) most recently defeated George Roop via unanimous decision in September. Should this fight come to fruition, it will mark Mizugaki's 18th fight under the Zuffa umbrella (WEC and UFC), which would tie him with Yushin Okami for the most Zuffa fights for a Japanese-born fighter.
UFC 202 will be headlined by Nate Diaz vs. Conor McGregor, and it will take place at the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas.
(JTA) — Seventy-one percent of Americans view Israel favorably, the fourth straight year the Jewish state has received a favorable rating of 70 percent or higher, a Gallup poll found.
The survey was released Wednesday, ahead of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's visit to the United States and meeting with President Donald Trump. It was conducted earlier this month.
The favorable rating includes respondents who said they viewed Israel very or mostly favorably.
Since 2014, the proportion of Americans who say they view Israel favorably has remained at 70 to 72 percent, according to Gallup data.
Israel's favorability rating in the most recent poll did not fall below 61 percent for any major demographic or political group. Republicans and adults aged 65 and over had the most positive views of the Jewish state at 81 and 77 percent, respectively.
Earlier this week, Gallup released data from a poll that showed Americans nearly evenly divided over support for a Palestinian state, with 45 percent backing the establishment of an independent Palestinian state on the West Bank and Gaza Strip and 42 percent opposing it.
Asked about their opinions of Netanyahu, 49 percent of respondents said they viewed him favorably and 30 percent unfavorably — both figures the highest recorded in the poll — with 13 percent saying they never heard of him and 8 percent saying they have no opinion.
Omega-3 fatty acids are essential for brain function. We recruited 409 children aged 3-13 years (M=8.27, SD=2.17) for a randomised controlled trial supplementing with placebo or fish oil capsules (providing 750mg docosahexaenoic plus eicosapentaenoic acids, and 60mg gamma linolenic acid/school day) for 20 school weeks (Phase 1) followed by one-way crossover to fish oil (Phase 2). Children undertook assessments of reading, spelling and non-verbal cognitive development (Draw-A-Person) at baseline, 20 and 40 weeks. Teachers completed Conners Behaviour Rating Scales (CBRS). The treatment group showed improvements in Draw-A-Person compared with the placebo during Phase 1 (p=0.029), with the strongest effects in Indigenous 7-12 year olds (p=0.008). The placebo group showed significant within-group improvements after switching to treatment (p<0.001). There was no treatment effect for reading or spelling, and CBRS data were unable to be analysed. These findings may be understood in the context that sustained school attendance and nutrition interact to produce school-related achievement.
Copyright © 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The third generation iPad with its support for 4G LTE is not even in the hands of the first customers, where tech websites already predict trouble with the high speed networks.
Analysts point out that 4G networks are currently lightly used, but this is about to change soon.
Apparently, Apple managed to convince massive number of fans to buy the latest tablets and the stocks available for pre-orders have been exhausted. Under the circumstances, after the 16th March, the 4G networks will become overwhelmed.
The new iPad with its high-resolution display that allows users to enjoy full 1080p HD video, which will have an effect on data usage.
Michael Thelander, CEO of Signals Research, a company that provides consultancy for the wireless industry, warns about the challenge the new iPad puts on 4G networks. "As more and more users come on, it can't give out bandwidth forever. I expect the [new] iPad to add congestion," points out Thelander.
In the US, carriers that invite subscribers to get their new iPad on the high-speed networks with LTE technology are Verizon and AT&T.
In Europe, Apple fans might not even have the chance to fully enjoy the LTE capabilities of their new iPads.
Share. Two more stars join the game. Two more stars join the game.
Ellen Page won't be the only actor in Beyond: Two Souls -- the latest game from Heavy Rain developer Quantic Dream. Kadeem Hardison and Eric Winter have been announced as costars in the 2013 title. Hardison made a name for himself starring as Dwayne Wayne in A Different World; In Beyond: Two Souls, Hardison plays a researcher for a government agency investigating paranormal activity. Winter has modeled for Tommy Hilfiger as well as appeared in movies such as Harold and Kumar: Escape From Guantanamo Bay. His role was not disclosed.
But enough of that -- here's footage of them in Beyond: Two Souls!
Exit Theatre Mode
And here's an interview with Ellen Page and David Cage.
Exit Theatre Mode
Greg is the executive editor of IGN PlayStation, cohost of Podcast Beyond and host of Up at Noon. Follow IGN on Twitter, and keep track of Greg's shenanigans on IGN and Twitter. Beyond!
Posted September 6, 2017 at 5:49 am
- That guy 1
- That guy 2
- That guy 3
- That guy 4
- The not-date with Sam
Love that guy. Also, I guess he suddenly has poofier hair now. NEW SHAMPOO! No continuity issues whatsoever. Hair just suddenly gets more poofy.
I wanted to simultaneously address the not-date with Sam happening on the same day while establishing that they'd settled on doing something away from everyone else. As much as people might throw things at me for this, we're not suddenly shifting focus to Sarah and Sam's date, as that's not the focus of this story. I do want it known it's not forgotten, however.
(Nor have I forgotten about Justin and Luke, but it's less convenient to mention that just now in-comic).
Speaking of keeping focus, that's why Ashley hasn't been in this arc up until now. I thought I didn't have anything for her to do that wouldn't demand taking focus away from the story, so she simply hasn't gotten any panel time. I have since realized... Well, things. I can't really elaborate, but long story short, she gets panel time now.
- EGS:NP
Rick Perry, the head of the Department of Energy (DoE), has surpassed himself. Talking to journalists earlier today, he claimed that fossil fuels will help to prevent sexual assault.
During an energy policy discussion, he said: “From the standpoint of sexual assault. When the lights are on, when you have light that shines, the righteousness, if you will, on those types of acts… fossil fuels is going to play a role in that. I think it's going to play a positive role.”
It's a little difficult to try and work out what he means by this. Is he trying to say that when you have lights on, the perpetrators of sexual assault are easier to see? This is obviously true - but studies show that it has little effect on such crimes being committed. Either way, to use such a horrific issue to tout the benefits of oil, gas, and coal is mindblowingly strange.
Whatever he meant, we'd say that this is one of the worst arguments for fossil fuels that the world has ever seen. It's spectacular in its awfulness. With that odd reference to "righteousness", the comment has even led several online to suspect Perry thinks sexual predators must be vampires.
-
Incidentally, the Secretary of Energy made these remarks shortly after returning from a trip to Africa, where he claims that a lack of energy is causing people to die.
“Let me tell you where people are dying, is in Africa, because of the lack of energy they have there,” he said during the same policy meeting.
He's used this as an argument on numerous occasions to explain why America needs fossil fuels – so that Americans won't also perish in some sort of post-apocalyptic future. This is despite the fact that 1) America and Africa are two completely incomparable locales, and 2) clean energy, which a large number of African nations are adopting instead of coal, produces electricity too.
Regardless, tying fossil fuel adoption in the US to sexual assault in Africa is ludicrous.
-
Perry has an impeccable track record for saying things that will make your brain ache and scream. Just recently, he claimed that fossil fuels are positively affecting the climate, which many thought was his zenith of incomprehensibility. This new nefarious nugget, however, clearly takes the winning spot.
This curious fellow, who has repeatedly forgotten both the name and purpose of the very agency he is inappropriately in charge of, has regularly failed to grasp some very basic scientific and mathematical concepts. It makes you wonder why he's in charge of an agency, then, that primarily handles nuclear energy and waste research.
-
If you want the picture-perfect definition of a fish out of water, Perry is it.
Last September, when we predicted that Chinese consumers, investors and savers would flock to bitcoin as a medium of facilitating capital outflows (it was trading at $230 then, it is now three times higher), we also warned that bitcoin's upside would ultimately be capped by Beijing, when China's authorities realized how the digital currency was being used to bypass capital controls, and launch a crackdown on bitcoin, as they have with most other capital outflow measures .
It appears that the time has come because, as Bloomberg reports, China's regulators are studying measures to limit transactions that use bitcoins to take funds out of the country, citing people familiar with the matter.
According to Bloomberg sources, Chinese officials are considering policies including restricting domestic bitcoin exchanges from moving the cryptocurrency to platforms outside the nation and imposing quotas on the amount of bitcoins that can be sent abroad. Further indicating that Chinese regulators were "just a little behind the curve", they allegedly noticed only recently that some investors bought bitcoins on local exchanges and sold them offshore, evading rules on foreign exchange and cross-border fund flows, the report further reveals.
A quick look at the uncanny correlation between the decline in the Yuan and the rise in the bitcoin, confirms that the digital currency has indeed been largely used to evade capital controls.
As we have repeatedly noted, and as BBG repeats, "Bitcoin has surged 21% since the end of September as the yuan's declines accelerated, boosting speculation Chinese investors were buying the cryptocurrency as a hedge against further weakness. With the risk of quicker depreciation rising along with the odds of an impending U.S. interest-rate hike, policymakers are seeking to restrict outflow channels. Just a week ago, China limited the use of China UnionPay Co.'s cards to purchase insurance products in Hong Kong -- another way of taking cash out of the country."
In intraday trading, bitcoin erased a gain of as much of 2.6% overnight which had taken it to the highest level since June, before rebounding, although it now appears that news of the report is starting to spread.
As a reminder, back in 2013, the government classified bitcoin as a commodity and not currency, placing it outside the purview of the foreign-exchange regulator, the people said. That does not mean, however, that China is powerless at limiting bitcoin's upside.
Several Chinese government bodies including the People's Bank of China and the financial regulators said in a joint notice that year that bitcoin functioned like a digital commodity without the legal status of a currency. The central bank said in January it is studying the prospects of issuing its own digital currency and aims to roll out a product as soon as possible.
While China dominates bitcoin mining and trading, the government has shown caution over its spread in the nation. In 2013, the PBOC barred financial institutions from handling bitcoin transactions.
In a summer filled with possibly the most drama ever, life in the Big Brother house moves on. We have some spoilers on the Veto competition that took place over the weekend. So WARNING: MAJOR BIG BROTHER SPOILERS AHEAD .
I'll warn you one more time:
WARNING MAJOR BIG BROTHER SPOILERS AHEAD. STOP READING IF YOU WANT WEDNESDAYS EPISODE TO BE A SURPRISE .
Let's talk Veto…
Week 3 Veto Competition Results
Now we won't be able to talk about the actual game, because we won't see it till Wednesday night. However, we do have the results. This week's POV winner is…
Shane. That's Three Veto's and one HOH this season. Shane is on fire. So far this season he's proven that he's a very strong competitor and challenger. Watch out houseguests.
Veto Ceremony
Watching the live feeds leading up to the Veto Ceremony we were treated to a world of drama. Shane, decided to use the POV and take Ashley off the block. As the current HoH he was also in charge of putting another nomination in her place. Shane nominated Frank for eviction. Even though Frank negotiated a deal with Shane he was still put up.
Dave's Prediction
It's a tough call on who we think will be sent home this week. Will it be Joe the brown noser who cooks all the food? ORRRR Frank the strong competitor. I guess it would make total sense to vote Frank. Think about it, Joe isn't a threat. He's like Ian. You can vote these floaters out at any point in the game. So I hate to say it, I think Joe is safe. Even though I can't stand him.
Let's talk about the coaches for a second. Now we are in the process of America's vote. America will either vote to allow the judges play the game, or sit on the sidelines. I'm hoping America votes no. Why? Boogie and Dan have played the game and won already. Why should we award them for more success? Especially Boogie. I'm a big Boogie fan, but three times in the Big Brothers house is enough don't you think? Maybe that's just me. What do you think?
Broadcast primetime live + same-day ratings for Wednesday, Oct. 7, 2015.
The numbers for Wednesday:
Time Show Adults 18-49 Rating/Share Viewers (000s) 8 p.m. Survivor (CBS) 2.0/7 8.95 The Middle (ABC) 1.9/7 7.22 Rosewood (FOX) 1.7/6 5.69 The Mysteries of Laura (NBC) 1.1/4 7.11 Arrow (The CW) – P 1.1/4 2.62 8:30 p.m. The Goldbergs (ABC) 2.1/7 6.58 9 p.m. Empire (FOX) 5.0/15 12.99 Modern Family (ABC) 2.7/8 7.88 Criminal Minds (CBS) 1.7/5 8.94 Law & Order: SVU (NBC) 1.5/5 7.00 Supernatural (The CW) – P 0.9/3 1.99 9:30 p.m. Black-ish (ABC) 1.9/6 5.89 10 p.m. Chicago PD (NBC) 1.5/5 6.48 Code Black (CBS) 1.1/4 6.81 Nashville (ABC) 1.1/3 4.42
The Season 4 premiere of “Arrow” on The CW scored better ratings than its Season 3 debut a year ago, rising a tenth of a point in adults 18-49. “Black-ish” was also up for ABC on Wednesday, but that was about it as far as positives.
Also at The CW, “Supernatural” was down a couple tenths from its 2014 premiere (which was boosted by “The Flash”), but it did finish ahead of last season's finale.
“Empire” dominated the night once again for FOX, but was down from last week. Lead-in “Rosewood” also dropped 0.2 but continued its trend of building in its second half thanks to early tune-in for “Empire.” ABC's comedies, as well as “Nashville,” and NBC's dramas all lost a little vs. last week.
At CBS, “Criminal Minds” tied its series low in adults 18-49, which in turn drove down “Code Black.” The medical drama fell 0.4 to a 1.1 in its second week, meaning it needs some help, stat.
And the network rankings:
Network averages FOX ABC CBS NBC CW Adults 18-49 rating/share 3.4/11 1.8/6 1.6/5 1.4/4 1.0/3 Total Viewers (000s) 8.43 6.07 8.23 6.86 2.31
Late-night metered market results:
11:35 p.m.
“The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon”: 1.0/5 adults 18-49, 2.8/7 households
“Late Show with Stephen Colbert”: 0.5/2, 2.2/6
“Jimmy Kimmel Live”: 0.5/2, 1.8/5
12:35 a.m.
“Late Night with Seth Meyers”: 0.5/4, 1.4/5
“Late Late Show with James Corden”: 0.3/2, 1.0/4
“Nightline” (12:35-1:05 a.m.): 0.3/2, 1.1/4
Definitions:
Rating: Estimated percentage of the universe of TV households (or other specified group) tuned to a program in the average minute. Ratings are expressed as a percent.-Fast Affiliate Ratings: These first national ratings, including demographics, are available at approximately 11 AM (ET) the day after telecast, and are released to subscribing customers daily. These data, from the National People Meter sample, are strictly time-period information, based on the normal broadcast network feed, and include all programming on the affiliated stations, sometimes including network programming, sometimes not. The figures may include stations that did not air the entire network feed, as well as local news breaks or cutaways for local coverage or other programming. Fast Affiliate ratings are not as useful for live programs and are likely to differ significantly from the final results, because the data reflect normal broadcast feed patterns. For example, with a World Series game, Fast Affiliate Ratings would include whatever aired from 8-11PM on affiliates in the Pacific Time Zone, following the live baseball game, but not game coverage that begins at 5PM PT. The same would be true of Presidential debates as well as live award shows and breaking news reports.-
Share (of Audience): The percent of households (or persons) using television who are tuned to a specific program, station or network in a specific area at a specific time. (See also, Rating, which represents tuning or viewing as a percent of the entire population being measured.)
Time Shifted Viewing – Program ratings for national sources are produced in three streams of data – Live, Live+Same Day (Live+SD) and Live+7 Day. Time shifted figures account for incremental viewing that takes place with DVRs. Live+Same Day (Live+SD) include viewing during the same broadcast day as the original telecast, with a cut-off of 3:00AM local time when meters transmit daily viewing to Nielsen for processing. Live+7 Day ratings include incremental viewing that takes place during the 7 days following a telecast.
For more information see Numbers 101 and Numbers 102.
Source: The Nielsen Company.
The wizards of smarts in the political arena are telling us Donald Trump's campaign is over because of recently leaked tapes of a private conversation from 2005 that was disparaging to women. The comments are so offensive, they say, he's not fit for office.
From the moment the tapes were made public, the drumbeat to Trump's personal walk of shame began. Politicians who formerly endorsed him fled in terror, not wanting the soiled stain of sexual stigma attached to them. NeverTrumpers descended in holier-than-thou glee as they declared how noble and right they've always been not to support such a despicable man. And the left has been howling like puritanical wolves, condemning him for his immorality and sexist treatment of women.
I find this reaction to Trump's private conversation rather ironic. It's ironic coming from a secular culture that long ago declared objective morality dead. It's ironic coming from politicos and media bottom-feeders who defended the abusive and disgusting behavior of Bill Clinton, not when he was a private citizen but when he was a sitting president.
It's ironic coming from a Republican political elite that has told its religious base that social and moral issues don't matter in politics. "It's all about the economy, stupid. Leave your morals in the church but don't voice them in the public square."
The creep of moral relativism in America has been steady for many decades, increasing in speed to the point that the "slouching toward Gomorrah" has become a sprint. The notion that there is objective truth or absolute morality has been universally panned to the point that everything is tolerated except standards of right and wrong. "Everyone decides for himself what is right, especially when it comes to sex" is the mantra of today's culture.
For years, Christians in particular have been attacked and silenced as they've tried to challenge the immorality that is pervasive in today's society. When they tell people casual sex is wrong, they get the inevitable, "You have no right to tell me what I can or can't do." If they oppose sexual immorality in any form, including adultery, they're maligned as sanctimonious puritans by lovers of libertinism.
How ironic, then, that a culture which rejects moral standards has suddenly become so pure and pristine, sitting in judgment of someone they deem too immoral to become president because of something he said in private. As a logical person, I have to ask these paragons of newly found virtue where this standard by which they've judged Trump is found.
If morality is relative to each individual—a purely subjective experience—by what standard are they judging Trump? Obviously, in such a secular climate, there can't even be a “standard.”
Why should anyone listen to people who out of one side of their mouths declare the death of objective moral standards yet out of the other condemn someone for violating objective moral standards?
Those who are complaining about Trump today have no basis for their moral outrage. That's because their secular amoral worldview rejects any basis for that moral judgment. Any argument they make against the "immorality" of Trump is stolen, or at least borrowed for expediency, from a religious worldview they have soundly rejected.
The fact of the matter is that Judeo-Christian ethics have been driven from our culture and declared a dinosaur from an ancient past. Right and wrong, virtue, morality, goodness—these have been rejected in pop culture, our education system, the media, and politics. We have been told repeatedly that character doesn't matter because everyone's values are different. All that matters is an ideological agenda and the power that goes with it.
Director: Chiu Sin-Hang, Yan Pak-Wing
Cast: BabyJohn Choi, Chin Siu-Ho, Lin Min-Chen, Richard Ng, Lo Meng, Yuen Cheung-Yan, Siu Yam-Yam, Bonnie Chiu, Jiro Lee, Eric Tsang, Jim Chim Sui-Man, Stephen Au Kam-Tong, Hana Tam Hang-Lam
Running Time: 93 min.
By Paul Bramhall
In 2017 the hopping vampire genre continues to hang on by a thread. After being a mainstay of Hong Kong cinema during the 80's, when you never had to look too far to find a Taoist priest (usually Lam Ching-Ying) dealing with a member of the undead, by the time the 90's came around it was a genre in the process of fading away. Like the hopping vampires themselves though, it didn't stay dead forever, with director Juno Mak's 2013 movie Rigor Mortis providing a surprisingly effective more serious approach to proceedings. It wasn't an approach that would catch on though, and only a year later the genre was dragged back to the realms of banal comedy, with the release of the Yuen Biao starring Sifu vs. Vampire.
Which brings us to the latest entry, that comes in the form of Vampire Cleanup Department, the directorial debut of screenwriters Chiu Sin-Hang and Yan Pak-Wing. The pair deserve credit for crafting a tale which at least offers a new slant on the usual hopping vampire shenanigans, as we learn that Hong Kong has a secret government department who are solely responsible for removing vampires from society. The guide for our journey is a character played by BabyJohn Choi (who I'm assured is no relation to AngelaBaby), here in his first starring role after supporting turns in the likes of Shock Wave and SPL 2: A Time for Consequences. After surviving being bitten by a vampire, his apparent immunity leads him to being recruited by the VCD.
Much like Rigor Mortis used its casting choices to trade on the nostalgia of hopping vampire movies gone by, Vampire Cleanup Department opts for the same approach. Both Chin Siu-Ho and Richard Ng are brought back, this time as members of the same team, accompanied by the likes of Lo Meng, Yuen Cheung-Yan, and Bonnie Chiu. When you have a vampire busting team that contains members of the Venoms crew, the Yuen clan, the Lucky Stars gang, and Lam Ching-Ying's apprentice, then the expectation for some old school yellow talisman paper waving goodness is understandably set high. However it soon becomes clear that Sin-Hang and Pak-Wing have other ideas in mind, and while the threat of a super vampire (who thought Sifu vs. Vampire would be influential!?) acts as a reason for Vampire Cleanup Department to exist, the reality is that it's a love story.
The love story in question forms between Choi and a rare species of human vampire, played by Malaysian pop idol Lin Min-Chen, here making her movie debut. Human vampires, it's explained, have the ability in some instances to still display human characteristics, but more importantly for the sake of aesthetics, also resemble their human form rather than a rotting corpse. After a series of events culminate in Choi secretly taking Min-Chen into his care, soon he's teaching her how to walk instead of hop, and indulging in that old HK cinema trope of bringing her along for a family dinner. For many this will most likely seem like an insipid proposition, however onscreen the relationship, as manufactured as it is, maintains a degree of charm thanks to the pair having a likable chemistry between them.
There's a running joke throughout involving the fact Min-Chen has swallowed Choi's smart phone, which works even when it shouldn't (both the joke and the smart phone), and watching Choi's grandmother, played by Shaw Brothers starlet Siu Yam-Yam, interrogate the pair over their love life draws the desire laughs. In between scenes of the budding relationship is Choi's training regime to become a member of the VCD, which sees him being taken under the wing of each respective member of the team. Apart from seeing Lo Meng prancing about in vampire makeup, and Yuen Cheung-Yan's lectures on talisman use, the highlight of these are the sparring sessions he has with Chin Siu-Ho. Or as they're referred to in the movie, vampire defence training. These scenes give some brief but welcome flashes of Siu-Ho's kung fu skills, and are enough to make one wish he'd be given more of an opportunity to show them off.
However the influence of several Hollywood movies tends to intrude rather than entertain, with the whole VCD setup being reminiscent of Ghostbusters, right down to the sassy secretary. The introduction of a potion which also wipes people's memories of the immediate past is also blatantly derived from Men in Black, even if it has been given a distinctly Chinese slant. The most obvious one though is the parallel between Choi's character and Blade. It's revealed that his mother died shortly after giving birth, having been attacked by a vampire, which is the result of his immunity to vampire bites, and also gives his blood the power to give life. While it's true to say Choi's personality is a world away from the brooding tax evader's vampire hunter, the character traits are ripped straight from the same page.
Despite these similarities, Sin-Hang and Pak-Wing deserve credit for the variation they come up with in regards to the origin of the vampires. Both the super vampire and Min-Chen are resurrected from the bottom of a lake, and the belief is explained that in Chinese mythology water always conquers earth, so the fact that our villainous blood sucker came from the water to begin with doesn't bode well. Choi's stereotypical millennial laziness is also utilised in a comedic manner, such as instead of following his order to copy the vampire talismans, he takes photos of them with his smart phone. When the team suddenly find themselves in short supply during a confrontation, his failure to put brush to paper results in him asking if it's possible to send them to the team via an app, with understandably disastrous results.
The lack of imagination on display in the super vampire's design though is a disappointment, essentially looking no different to the one from Sifu vs. Vampire. Once more CGI black swirls are the order of the day, and while its appearance is suitably gruesome, the fact that it's mostly achieved via CG makes me long for the days when being covered in factor 100 sun cream was considered a suitably vampiric look (Mr. Vampire 2, I'm looking at you). It's a shame, as Vampire Cleanup Department heads towards a finale that pits some of the favorite faces from HK cinemas golden days against a member of the undead, but its generic appearance fails to generate any excitement for the showdown.
The action in Vampire Cleanup Department is handled by Tang Shui-Wa, and while he's worked in the capacity of assistant action director on several movies, this is only the fifth time for him to go it solo, with none of his previous credits being particularly action orientated. The lack of experience sadly shows, as while the one-on-one sparring sessions between Choi and Siu-Ho are mildly diverting, the final confrontation that pits the whole gang against the super vampire is a distinctly uninspiring affair. To top it all off, one part of it is lifted wholesale from Blade 2, which only serves as a reminder that the finale of Guillermo del Toro's sequel delivered a much more satisfying throwdown. I never thought I'd say a Hollywood movie is superior to a Hong Kong one when it comes to action, but it seems that day is here.
With that being said, it's perhaps not a surprise that the most enjoyable aspects of Vampire Cleanup Department don't involve the villainous vampire at all. A special appearance by Eric Tsang, playing a police officer, leads to a hilarious conversation with Richard Ng as they argue over who has the biggest head, and simply seeing the likes of Ng, Lo Meng, and Cheung-Yan share the screen together is a welcome sight. However coasting along on the good will of Hong Kong cinema fans can only get you so far, and clocking in at just over 90 minutes, the end product is ultimately so slight that it's impossible to be too negative (or positive) towards it. Simply put, as a directorial debut Vampire Cleanup Department is equal parts pleasant and instantly forgettable, which probably explains why it was so difficult to review.
Paul Bramhall's Rating: 5/10
The Browns held their last practice open to the public before the preseason game against the Rams on Thursday. Practice changed from a day of installation to game planning for the Rams and making sure that all units were on the same page. The team practiced without contact in helmets and shorts.
As such, there was certainly less to observe and report.
The biggest takeaway from the session was in coach Rob Chudzinski's comments following practice. When talking about his coordinators, Chudzinski said, “I think the biggest thing, and one of the things that is important to me, is having two coordinators calling the game that you have faith in. I can focus more on game management, whether that's situational calls, whether that's replay, whether it's timeouts.”
If there were any lingering questions about who would be calling the plays on gamedays, they appear to be answered by his comments Tuesday.
When asked if he would be making suggestions in game to offensive coordinator Norv Turner, Chudzinski said, “One of the things I know, as a coordinator and a play-caller, you get in a groove, you get in a thought process, setting things up for later. Interfering too much I do not want to do, but at the same time, there's a right time for suggestions and things like that, that hopefully I'll pick out the right time for those.”
That should be music to the ears of Browns fans who suffered through two seasons of Pat Shurmur trying to do both jobs from the sideline.
WFNY asked coach Chudzinski if they would go into the game with a script of plays.
“We will,” he said. “Basically, we are going to be going in with our base offense, base defense, and our base calls. Special teams as well, and see how our guys execute them. Preseason, we will always hold a little bit back for the regular season. We are in a situation where guys are learning an offense, defense and special teams and so we want to see how they are going to execute our base package.”
– Guard Shaun Lauvao's injury was not updated. Chudzinski said he still needed further examination. The Browns will provide an update tomorrow. Reading through the lines, that sounds like more than a sprained ankle.
– Coach Chudzinski would not comment yet on any individual players as to whether they would play in the game on Thursday.
– Dion Lewis took the bulk of the carries working with the first unit. Expect him to handle the majority of the running duties on Thursday.
– Jason Pinkston walked off the practice field early Tuesday night, but according to a report from the Plain Dealer's Tom Reed, Pinkston was excused to attend a funeral. All coach Chudzinski said about Pinkston's early exit was that it wasn't a problem.
– WR Tori Gurley was a little more popular after practice with the media than he has been all camp long. Wonder what spurred that on?
A new Overwatch patch is currently in development and now available for testing on the Public Test Region. For information on how to participate and what changes are included in the upcoming patch, read on below.
Mission details:
If you encounter any game-related bugs while playing the PTR, please post in the PTR Bug Report forum.
To participate in the public test, you must have an Overwatch game license for Windows PC attached your Battle.net account in good standing (i.e. it hasn't been suspended or banned).
Step 1: Restart the Battle.net desktop app.
Step 2: Navigate to the Overwatch tab on the left-hand menu.
Step 3: Select "PTR: Overwatch" from the REGION/ACCOUNT drop-down menu.
Step 4: Click "Install" to begin the installation process.
Step 5: Once the PTR client is installed and updated, click "Play" to begin!
Note: In order to access the PTR, you must have installed Overwatch and logged into the game at least once. If the PTR is not available for you after following the steps above, trying logging into Overwatch, exiting the game client, and then launching the PTR again.
Q. On which platforms are the PTR available?
A. The PTR is available on Windows PC only.
Q. What regions are eligible to participate in the PTR?
A. Accounts from all regions (excluding China) are eligible to participate; however, the PTR will be hosted on our Americas region. As a result, if you plan to play the PTR from a region outside the US, please anticipate lowered performance and increased latency.
Q. Is there a cap to how many players can participate on the PTR?
A. The PTR can currently support 10k concurrent players (or players logged into the PTR at the same time). If we happen to reach this cap, any new players attempting to log in to the PTR will be placed into a queue.
Q. What languages will be supported on the PTR?
A. The PTR is available in all supported languages, though some content may not be fully localized yet.
Q. Will any account progress from the live game transfer over to the PTR with me, or do I need to start from scratch?
A. A copy of your account from the live game will be transferred over to the PTR automatically, and all progress will transfer over with it (level, unlocks, stats, etc). Please note that this copy is pre-made, though, and based on an earlier snapshot of your account. As a result, depending on when you last played, your PTR account may not be as up-to-date as your live game account.
Q. Will any progress I make on the PTR transfer over to the live game?
A. No. Any progression earned during the PTR—including levels, achievements, stats, skill ratings, loot boxes (including rewards from loot boxes), currency (including Competive Points), and cosmetic items unlocked with currency—will not transfer over to the live game.
Q. Will I be able to purchase Loot Boxes on the PTR?
A. No. All real-money purchases are disabled on the PTR.
Q. Where can I share feedback about the upcoming patch content?
A. This iteration of the PTR is intended to make sure the upcoming patch is working correctly before it's released, so we'll be primarily focused on uncovering major bugs and technical issues. Though you are still welcome to share your feedback through our normal channels, it's unlikely that we'll be able to incorporate changes based on PTR feedback in this patch cycle.
Please note that the below patch notes only include changes currently available for testing on the PTR. While many of these changes will also be available on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One in a future patch, the PTR is PC-only and therefore will only reflect changes coming specifically to that platform.
GENERAL UPDATES
General
Emote Wheel Players can now equip up to 4 emotes, sprays, and voice lines from within the hero gallery Voice line and emote submenus can be accessed using the left and right mouse buttons from within the Communication wheel Players can now bind individual sprays, emotes, and voice lines to unique keys or mouse buttons
HERO BALANCE UPDATES
Ana
Biotic Grenade Healing boost on allies has been decreased by 50%
Developer Comments: The healing boost from Ana's Biotic Grenade was providing too much healing, especially when used on targets with large health pools.
D.Va
Health increased from 200 to 400
Armor decreased from 400 to 200
Fusion Cannons Bullet damage decreased from 3 to 2 Number of bullets per shot has been increased from 8 to 11
Developer Comments: D.Va's armor often made her feel like she had no weaknesses, even against heroes that are often effective against bigger targets (like Reaper). The changes to her Fusion Cannons will result in a small overall decrease in damage, but they should feel more consistent now.
Roadhog
Chain Hook Targets are now pulled directly in front of Roadhog (rather than straight to him), except in cases where Roadhog drastically rotates Hooked targets are now released if they leave Roadhog's line-of-sight before being pulled Line-of-sight checks (which detect if targets should be initially hit by the hook) are now done from Roadhog's position, rather than the hook's position
Developer Comments: The hook should now feel more consistent for Roadhog players, but it should also feel more reasonable to his enemies, as they cannot be hooked or pulled around corners anymore.
Sombra
Hack The time it takes to hack a target has been decreased from 1 second to 0.8 seconds
Developer Comments: Sombra often had difficulty hacking enemies, even when she surprised the target. This change should help her execute hacks more easily.
USER INTERFACE UPDATES
General
The “Stay as Team” button lights up when anyone on your team clicks it
Kill Feed
Hero ability icons are now displayed
Ultimate abilities are now indicated with an orange arrow
Headshot eliminations are now indicated with a red icon
BUG FIXES
General
Fixed a bug that allowed spectators to click the “Stay as Team” button after a game ended
Fixed a bug that caused the “Stay as Team” button to overlap with the “Back” button on the Social menu
Fixed a bug causing the “Mouse 4” button to execute the “Back” function during menu navigation, preventing it from being used for other features
Fixed a bug preventing the Social menu from correctly displaying World of Warcraft zones that have a single quotation mark in the name
Fixed a bug causing heroes to display a “T-pose” on the victory screen following a Mystery Heroes brawl
AI
Fixed a bug that prevented the Roadhog bot from grabbing enemies with his Chain Hook through a friendly Reinhardt's Barrier Field
Fixed a bug that allowed the Sombra bot to hack through barriers
Fixed a bug that made the Torbjörn bot unresponsive after placing his turret
Competitive Play
Fixed a bug preventing players from receiving experience points when playing offseason games
Heroes
Fixed a bug that would cause the cup in Ana's “Toast” victory pose to appear blurry on the right side of the screen
Fixed a bug causing a several visual effect issues on McCree's “Hat Trick” emote
Fixed a bug causing Mercy's wings to be improperly placed on her Valkyrie and Sigrún skins
Fixed a bug that sometimes prevented Symmetra's Photon Barrier from playing a sound effect when destroyed
Fixed a bug that sometimes prevented Widowmaker's Venom Mine from attaching to walls
Fixed a bug that prevented Zenyatta's Nutcracker skin from glowing when his Transcendence ultimate ability was activated
Maps
CLOSE Incumbent Patrick O'Flynn and challenger Todd Baxter offered their visions for the office. (Oct. 25, 2017) Will Cleveland
The 2017 candidates for Monroe County sheriff, Todd Baxter and Patrick O'Flynn. (Photo: File photos)
Patrick O'Flynn and Todd Baxter agree on many of the core issues — the question of making Monroe County into a sanctuary county or the feasibility and effectiveness of the SAFE Act — at the heart of the race for Monroe County sheriff.
But where O'Flynn, the Republican incumbent, and Baxter, the Democratic challenger, differ is when looking at the morale of the department and the leadership style necessary to improve the department.
The media collaboration Voice of the Voter project held a debate between the candidates in the WXXI-TV (Channel 21, cable channel 11) studios in downtown Rochester. It's the only debate between the candidates before the Nov. 7 election.
In the hourlong debate, the candidates outlined their visions for the department and how they would tackle many of the issues facing Monroe County. At its core, it boils down the stability and tradition offered by O'Flynn, who has held the office since 2001, and the innovation and daring offered by Baxter, the former Greece police chief.
"I just want the voters to know we are recognized as the No. 1 sheriff's department in New York state and we're nationally recognized for all of the programs, the training and the quality that we bring to this community," O'Flynn said.
Baxter said the debate was the perfect time to show voters how he offers a different alternative and a contrasting option for the office.
"He's had 16 years of incumbency at the top of the sheriff's department and I think it needs new, innovative ideas," Baxter said. "Tonight, I shared those with the community. What my strategies are going forward, with the leadership model I'd deploy. It's about getting people involved in decision making and getting people behind the scenes to work hard."
Here are four takeaways from the debate, co-sponsored by WXXI, WHAM-TV (Channel 13) and the Democrat and Chronicle.
Buy Photo Candidates for Monroe County sheriff, Todd Baxter, left, and Patrick O'Flynn, center, meet for their only debate before November's election Wednesday in Rochester. (Photo: Will Cleveland/@WillCleveland13/Staff photographer)
1. Vision for the department and style of leadership offered. In opening statements, Baxter and O'Flynn showed they value many of the same things.
O'Flynn consistently trumpeted the four pillars, the core values, that he believes exemplifies his department. His department is built on respect, integrity, teamwork and excellence.
"It's through strict adherence to these core values that we've become recognized as a most professional and respected sheriff's department in New York state," O'Flynn said.
O'Flynn said his department has gained both state and national accreditation. He said Monroe County is the only major department in New York to earn both.
Baxter presented the diversity of his experience as a major strength. He spent 22 years in the U.S. Army, 22 years with the Rochester Police Department, four years as Greece police chief and three years as director of the Veterans Outreach Center.
Baxter said it is important to lead from the front, to remain visible in the community, and to simply have a cup of coffee with those who might offer opposing viewpoints.
More: Mayoral candidates debate Parcel 5, taxes and Democratic rule
"If you think about my vision for the sheriff's department and the sheriff's vision, his is status quo and mine is innovation and going forward and using newer technologies and using new ideas," Baxter said.
2. How to combat the opioid epidemic in Rochester. In Monroe County last year, 169 people died due to opioid overdoses. A question from Rochester resident Geraldine Farmer noted the lack of outpatient therapy and bed space for recovery in the area. "Everybody deserves a chance," she said.
More: Opioid epidemic may be an issue in Monroe County sheriff's race
NEWSLETTERS Get the ROC60 newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Rochester in 60 seconds: Get all the news you need to know in less than a minute. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-790-9565. Delivery: Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for ROC60 Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Baxter said the amount of deaths "is simply unacceptable." He said that in 2015 the sheriff's department had a "strategic planned goal" to work on this crisis. The following year, the department's annual report didn't reflect the opioid epidemic. He added the public had to wait over nine months this year for statistics that showed the depth of the problem.
"How we can possibly address a threat or a potential problem we have without clear data? I agree with the comments made in the interview. We need more outpatient beds," Baxter. He said people are too often driving to Batavia or Buffalo for treatment.
Baxter outlined a four-point plan to combat opioids:
Education; Get opioids out of the house; Go after drug dealers; Increase recovery support.
He noted the importance of transparency and communication.
More: Overdose deaths in region jump from 11 to 206 in six years
O'Flynn said this crisis starts "in the medicine cabinet." He said his department already has a plan in place to combat the epidemic. "This is really not just a law enforcement problem," he said. "This is something that needs to be addressed on many levels."
O'Flynn noted the community-wide opioid task force. He said the Monroe County Jail has a nationally recognized drug treatment program and other programs in place to help people in recovery transition from incarceration to outside life.
"We've opened an open access center to be able to provide direct and immediate care to address the problems the caller (Farmer) made, to be able to get people instant access," O'Flynn said. "But obviously there are bed problems."
He also noted the importance of training.
More: Obituaries reflect devastating opioid crisis, as families tell truth about lost loved ones
3. Questions of department morale. Baxter noted 80 deputies have left the department in the past year, some due to morale issues, others because of uncertainty with contracts. Many deputies, such as those in the Monroe County Jail, have worked for years without a contract.
O'Flynn flat-out refuted the notion that his department has a morale issue. "I absolutely don't think there's a morale issue," he said. "… As a symptom of a morale issue or problem, you'd have personnel complaints, you'd have people not showing up for work, you'd have people calling in sick and coming in late. We're seeing none of that. Performance is incredible."
More: Andreatta: Is Todd Baxter a real Democrat? Does it matter for sheriff?
He concluded, "We aren't seeing a morale problem in this organization."
Baxter presented a much differing view of the department. He said he has spoken to hundreds of deputies, and they deliver a bleaker portrait. The four sheriff's deputy unions have not endorsed either candidate in this race. Baxter said that's a true indicator of the lack of morale in the department.
"Morale is local," he said. "I would empower my local supervisors, first-line leaders, we call them sergeants and lieutenants, to be more involved in the morale of their employees. That's giving them more power and more authority. That's giving them the ability to make decisions at the local level."
He added, "You talk about contracts, that's a big-ticket item. That definitely stifles morale, if you don't have pay raises and you don't know what your health insurance is going to look like in three years from now."
4. Parole reform. Carlet Cleare, a reporter at WHAM-TV and one of the debate panelists, asked about the current parole system in New York state, noting that the Rochester Police Department has partnered with the state Department of Corrections and Community Supervision to share information and the authority to jail absconders.
She asked, "How would you address and handle the growing concern over parolees committing crimes? And would you be willing to partner or make an agreement with the Department of Corrections?"
Both agree the system needs to be fixed. O'Flynn said that as president of the state's sheriff association, he worked to tackle some of these issues.
"The state Legislature needs to look at better tracking for law enforcement, so you know who you're dealing with instantaneously," O'Flynn said. "Instant access to patrol (officers) of parolee information, charges, what the restrictions are. We need better oversight of parolees and that means probably a few more staff out there to support the effort. And more restrictions on the use of parole."
On Wednesday, O'Flynn said the Monroe County Jail had 161 parole violators there, 116 people brought in on new charges with a parolee violation, and 20 people waiting to go back to the state because they've had parole hearings.
Baxter said the system is irreparably broken and needs an overhaul. He added that Monroe County has recently become the poster child for parole violations and "horrific crimes" committed by parolee violators.
Like O'Flynn, Baxter said the problem could be addressed through open access to information and the ability of an officer to detain someone when there is probable cause to believe there is a violation.
"We've been talking about this system for years and years and years," he said. "Leadership would've been fighting for this in Albany years ago. … I would champion anything we can do with this broken parole system, including additional resources for parole officers and additional access to data.
"We've been talking about this way too long. ...Where has been the leadership for the past 15, 16 years?"
WCLEVELAND@Gannett.com
Read or Share this story: http://on.rocne.ws/2yIVqQj
President Barack Obama is considering a post-White House career in digital media, according to a report on the website Mic.
Citing multiple unnamed sources, Mic reports that Obama is considering launching his own digital-media company after he leaves office next month, with possible offshoots including a series on a Netflix-style platform or a show on a comedy website. According to the site, Obama also met in Lima, Peru on the sidelines of the recent APEC summit with Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg to discuss the potential media venture.
White House spokesperson Jen Psaki told Mic in a statement, “While the president will remain actively engaged in inspiring young people and he is interested in the changing ways people consume information, he has no plans to get into the media business after he leaves office.” The Mic report also cautions that the President, in regards to launching a digital-media company, “has reportedly cooled on the idea of late.”
Obama has had an active presence in digital media during his candidacy, becoming the first sitting president to use Twitter and other forms of social media, and using platforms such as Zach Galifianakis' comedy web series “Between Two Ferns” to promote elements of his legislative agenda, such as the Affordable Care Act.
Pennsylvania and, now, New Jersey have each reported suspected cases of measles in 2015, after the infectious disease was thought to be largely eradicated in the United States.
The New Jersey Department of Health on Thursday said it was investigating a suspected case in a 1-year-old baby in Jersey City who had not been vaccinated, nj.com reports.
The baby has recovered, a department spokeswoman said, but the potential for others to have been exposed to the virus remains, according to the report; the latest time a person could become ill due to exposure in this case is Saturday.
The Pennsylvania Department of Health on Jan. 28 advised the public of a measles case that may have led to potential exposure in Cumberland and Franklin counties.
While still a scourge in many corners of the world, measles has been all but eradicated in the U.S. since 2000 because of vaccinations. But the virus has made a comeback in recent years, in part because of people obtaining personal belief exemptions from rules that say children must get their shots to enroll in school.
Others have delayed getting their children vaccinated because they still believe now-discredited research linking the measles vaccine to autism.
The Pennsylvania and New Jersey cases surfaced as more than 100 measles cases in half a dozen states have been linked to people who visited or worked at Disneyland in December, or exposure to infected people who went there. California health officials on Wednesday reported 99 measles cases including six new infections with a Disneyland connection.
In addition to California, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention say the cases linked to Disneyland have been in Utah, Washington, Oregon, Colorado, Nebraska and Arizona.
The CDC describes measles as:
... a highly contagious respiratory disease caused by a virus. It spreads through the air through coughing and sneezing. Measles starts with a fever, runny nose, cough, red eyes and sore throat, and is followed by a rash that spreads all over the body. About three out of 10 people who get measles will develop one or more complications including pneumonia, ear infections or diarrhea. Complications are more common in adults and young children.
Public health experts say success at containing the outbreak will largely depend on how many unvaccinated people get the measles shot.
"This was a wake-up call," said Dr. James Cherry, a pediatric infectious disease expert at the University of California, Los Angeles. "It could continue to smolder" if not enough people get vaccinated.
Still, it isn't the largest U.S. measles outbreak in recent history. That happened last year in Ohio's Amish country, where 383 people fell ill after unvaccinated Amish missionaries traveled to the Philippines and returned with the virus.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Every Sunday, we pick a new episode of the week. It could be good. It could be bad. It will always be interesting. You can read the archives here. The episode of the week for November 5 through 11 is “eps3.4_runtime-err0r.r00,” the fifth episode of the third season of USA's Mr. Robot.
If you've watched Mr. Robot on any occasion, hearing that the show filmed an episode that appears to be one long take will either instantly irritate you or instantly delight you. Sure, it's the kind of showoff-y thing this always-showy series would pull out of its bag of tricks as a desperate attempt to pump juice into its storyline. But you can also be reasonably assured of Mr. Robot's ability to pull it off with a level of technical precision few other TV shows can match. Hence — irritate or delight.
My experience was quite different when I first watched the episode weeks ago, in the buildup to season three's premiere: I didn't realize it was filmed to seem like one long take at all. I was so pulled in by the episode's story and central dilemma that I simply didn't notice there were no obvious edits. Those who watched the episode on TV — where USA broadcast it without commercials — likely clued in right away. But I remained blissfully unaware until I started talking about it with a friend who'd also seen the screeners.
(A caveat upfront: The vast majority of “single long take” films and TV episodes are actually several smaller shots stitched together in editing to appear to be one long one. That doesn't erase the level of craftsmanship required to make something like this work, but it's why I have to say things like “seems to be a long take” or “no obvious edits.”)
For my money, “eps3.4_runtime-err0r.r00” is one of the best TV episodes of the year — and maybe the only one that accurately captures the freewheeling chaos that is being alive in 2017.
The episode earns its long-take conceit in thrilling fashion
The vast majority of long takes out there really are just sort of there to show off. Think of the Oscar-winning 2014 movie Birdman, a film that appears to be a single take. You can argue, of course, that the long take is meant to approximate a stream of consciousness, the feeling of being trapped inside the film's protagonist's head. But I could never get past the sense that it was all an elaborate flourish, aggressively designed to underline how the film was great cinema as obnoxiously as possible.
For comparison, consider the 1998 X-Files episode “Triangle,” which unfolds in “real time,” with each “act” of its story — the segment of TV you see between commercial breaks — seeming to be a single shot. Yes, it's another episode that's meant to show off just a little, but the long takes underline the rollicking adventure of the episode and wink toward how it plays with time. (It's set in two separate timelines, in the 1940s and the 1990s, and actually has the character Scully briefly cross time streams with her past self, in one of my favorite moments in that series.) “Triangle” earns its long takes — but barely.
“Runtime Error” (which I hope you'll forgive me calling this episode) only really underlines its long-take nature if you're actively looking for it. From the first, director Sam Esmail (the series' creator) and writers Kor Adana and Randolph Leon keep throwing ideas at you, to keep you slightly off-guard.
In the elevator protagonist Elliot (Rami Malek) rides on, there's talk of China annexing the Congo in the wake of the devastating economic meltdown Elliot and his team of hackers caused at the end of season one. Later, when he seems to address the audience (as he frequently does in voiceover), he's actually talking to a co-worker, only to realize just how fuzzy he is after a full weekend spent as his alter ego, the titular Mr. Robot, a weekend he doesn't remember at all.
And if none of that works, then the core conceit of the Elliot half of the episode (for it will, eventually, take on the point of view of his childhood friend turned adult foe — even if he doesn't know that yet — Angela) is solid enough that it essentially demands the story already be told in real time. To foil an imminent attack by the Dark Army (some sort of paramilitary/terrorist group, which is behind much of the chaos in the series), Elliot needs access to computers at ECorp, the giant company he works for. But Angela has just pulled strings to have him fired, so security is looking to escort him from the building. As Elliott dashes between floors, looking for a computer he can access, it's easier to ignore the long take.
What's more, the dreamy nature of Elliot's reality — in which he's never quite sure that what he's looking at is real — also justifies the long take. To my mind, the best long takes are either events that occur in real time (and thus replicate the way our brains can home in on a laser-focused point in stressful situations) or dreamlike situations (where they replicate the way dreams can feel like unending collections of stuff, without a break in the rhythm). Because we're watching so much of this through Elliot's eyes, the long take doesn't feel showy. It feels like how he probably experiences the world.
And then the episode switches to Angela's point of view, something that should kill it. Instead, it ratchets up “Runtime Error” another level.
The chaos of 2017, live on your TV screens
It's in the Angela (Portia Doubleday) portion of the episode where the “gimmicky” nature of the long take should become more apparent. The camerawork switches from the rigid, careful composition of Steadicam shots, which typically follow Elliot over his shoulder, to far more frenetic, handheld camerawork, as Angela attempts to undo all of the work Elliot has just done. Elliot blocked a building from blowing up. Angela is trying to remove that block.
But for me, this section is best encapsulated by a single shot, the best in the episode, which follows Angela from overhead as she enters a high-security area where she can hack into the ECorp central systems. (As always, the hacking terms are precise, but also vague enough that viewers who know nothing about them — consider my hand raised — can still follow the characters' overall goals.) The camera watches her, almost like she's a video game character, then pivots outside, so we can see her work on the screen's left-hand edge, even as everything outside the building, a dizzying drop to the ground, is also visible. The protest turned riot that Angela's co-conspirators triggered as a mask for their actions has spiraled out of control, and the police are trying to restore order.
It's a dizzying, surreal sequence, but it's one that captures the feeling of living in 2017 better than almost any shot I've seen in film or television. Here's Angela, a small part of a much bigger machine, but also somebody who just might have the key that will bring down a corrupt world order (and/or install an even more corrupt one). The chaos is being held at bay, but only somewhat.
Outside the room where Angela works, looters (possibly hired by her co-conspirators) rampage. Inside, she works to tear apart the world. And outside the building, something is growing, about to burst forth. Nothing is for certain, but everything is under control. Paranoia is the only natural response to the world, but so is trust, the idea that you might find people to hang on to as the deluge tries to sweep you away.
The Angela half of the episode is less daring and coherent than the Elliot half, but that has the effect of making it feel more potent somehow. When Angela steps back into an elevator to find out that China has, indeed, annexed the Congo, thus sending the world spiraling back into the age of colonialism, the sense that she is only a small part of some larger system she can't ever comprehend only becomes more terrifying.
And yet isn't that true of all of us? We look at our computer screens, typing away missives we hope will convince somebody, anybody. We might join protests, skeptical that anyone will listen. We worry, all along, that we are being buffeted about by forces beyond our control, because we are. The world is wheels within wheels, but so are we. Everything is under control, and nothing makes sense.
Mr. Robot airs Wednesdays at 10 pm Eastern on the USA. Watch the first two seasons on Amazon.
Brian Urlacher raised eyebrows this week when he told NFL.com's Dave Dameshek he'd be "really pissed" if the Chicago Bears win the Super Bowl without him.
We understand where Urlacher's coming from (as does Jay Cutler), but it's also the type of comment that opens the door for justifiable criticism. The Bears' organization made Urlacher a millionaire many times over. He has friends on the team. The fans loved him unconditionally.
Why wouldn't he want that organization and fan base to experience ultimate success?
Ego and competitive spirit play a role, as does publicly state bad blood with Bears general manager Phil Emery. Mike Ditka, another Bears icon, believes Urlacher should let go of any bitter feelings he has for his former team.
"My advice would be to put it behind you," Ditka told the Chicago Sun-Times on Saturday. "Brian has been such a great player for the Bears and an ambassador for the team. Not many guys get to play 13 years for the same team. Usually, when you change GMs and a new regime comes in, they're going to make tough decisions.
Camp coverage on NFL Network Watch "Inside Training Camp" this week from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. ET on NFL Network.
» Complete training camp coverage
"Mr. Emery decided that Brian wouldn't be part of the plan," Ditka added. "There's nothing you can do about it. You know, the game of football was very good to Brian, but it owes him nothing now. You just have to move on."
Ditka speaks from a place of experience. The Bears fired him in 1993, ending an 11-year run in which he was named NFL Coach of the Year twice and won one Super Bowl.
Urlacher and the Bears eventually will be in a good place -- it just will take time. For reference, consult the Green Bay Packers-Brett Favre drama.
Follow Dan Hanzus on Twitter @DanHanzus.
WE ARE FULLY FUNDED…and with 10 more days to go! YEEEHAAAA!! When we have finished jumping up and down and celebrating, we'll go back to producing even more awesome suits and content for you. We are so grateful! THANK YOU!!!
Attention all gamers, VR developers, film & animation buffs, sport fanatics and other creative tech enthusiasts - allow us to introduce our sensor based motion capture suit, Salto! 19 sensors built into a suit that is intuitive and accessible to everybody. With another 14 sensors you get hand extensions attached directly to the textile suit and you are ready to engage and interact!
Testimonials:
VFX: "Salto is a very promising tool for animation companies. With its ease of use and low price point it is a potential game changer for character animation."
- Mikael Windelin, Director of development at Ghost VFX
Health: "Salto facilitates direct interaction between children with autism spectrum disorders and animated characters. Salto may provide an optimal environment for practicing social and communicative skills."
- Niels Bilenberg, Professor in Psychiatry at University of Southern Denmark.
Gaming/VR: "I met with them via Skype for a private demonstration of the Salto straight from their hotel room. No magic or tricks were involved. This thing works and the team behind is quite passionate about the project.”
- Jason Camillo, VRPill.com
VR: "There are a lot of attempts to get your body into the virtual world. They typically range from clunky to downright stupid. This is not those. This looks incredible.”
- Mack Flavelle, Hammer&Tusk.com
Tech: "Salto costs just $700, well within the range of a VR gamer or indie filmmaker."
- Adario Strange, Mashable.com
Allow us to introduce REPTILICUS VR – a monstrous full body VR game, where YOU get to embody the disastrous Reptilicus monster and go on a rampage in Copenhagen! Danish/American movie REPTILICUS from 1961 is undergoing a transformation from the worst movie in history, to most awesome VR experience the world has ever seen. You put on your Salto suit and VR goggles and play the game right out of the box, when you receive your suit – and you can play it with your friends on a second screen. We made Reptilicus VR to demonstrate how awesome it is to integrate the Salto suit in the VR experience and inspire you to build your own content for the suit.
Reptilicus VR will be delivered for free to our backers along with the Salto suit! We hope you are as excited as we are! Back our campaign and share this with your friends. WRAAAHHHH!!
Motion capture is known to be expensive, require a lot of technical expertise and being limited by very specific practical surroundings. The Salto suit turns this upside down. All the technology is built into a plug&play suit. The system is ready to use the second you put it on. You can wear it and use it anywhere, and it doesn't cost more than a smartphone. Salto is the future of motion capture and it introduces this useful and unique technology to everybody. This campaign goes out to everybody who would like to step into the Virtual Reality world with Salto, and share our dream of democratizing motion capture.
Salto is more than just a motion capture system - it is a wearable suit that unites cutting edge motion sensor technology with the mobility of street wear. Anybody can use motion capture anywhere. Salto can easily be integrated with 3rd party applications, which will define the future of motion capture, and enable people to engage and interact in all kinds of virtual spaces.
We have used it for film, animation, VR integration, treatment of children suffering from autism, but we've of course only done a fraction of all the cool stuff you can do with mocap. We can't wait to see what you get out of it!
Film & Animation
The Salto suit offers a precision that makes it more than equipped for most of the work that is done with motion capture in the film industry today. Since it is so easy to use and quick to set up, it can be integrated much more intuitively in the creative process for testing characters, scenes, making animatics, previs etc. In addition the price makes it accessible for a whole new range of users.
Gaming and virtual reality
The Salto suit is accessible to companies that do not have the opportunity to work with optical systems. Now mocap can be an integrated and intuitive part of the creative development process. In addition, Salto can be the body input that completes the VR experience.
Sport & medical analysis
Golf and tennis enthusiasts and professionals are using a range of equipment and accessories to record and improve their game. By using the Salto suit to record your golf swing or tennis serve, you get instant feedback and can adjust your movements according to your own guidelines or the style of your favorite professional idol.
This is a quick setup guide for the existing, functional prototype.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Textile and sizes:
Close-ups of the functional prototype of the Salto sensor and the suit: Sensors and hub: These are pictures of the functional prototype of our Salto sensors and the hub. The prototypes are all 3D printed - please note that casing, wires, PCB's and connectors not are the ones for the final DK1. All sensors are placed on a wire like pearls on a string. You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00 We want as many users as possible to benefit from the Salto suit in their applications. Therefore we will create an SDK, Salto Studio and a wide range of software plugins. The SDK contains all the code and libraries necessary to get your application up and running with the programming languages: C#, C++, Java and Python. In addition, it includes software plugins for effortless integration with Unity, Unreal Engine, Autodesk Maya, Motionbuilder, Oculus and Samsung Gear VR. Our user-friendly Salto Studio enables the user to simply stream, record, play and export motion capture data. Team Experience SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT
With a highly skilled software team consisting of former Unity employees, Phd's from academia and very early adopters of VR and AR the Salto product is in good hands when it comes to software and firmware development. DESIGN & MANUFACTURING
The hardware team origins from the robot industry (Mobile Industrial Robots and Universal Robots) with hands-on experience from developing robust and viable hardware products for both big production facilities and consumer electronics. In addition our design team has 10+ years of experience from the design and strategy department of the world famous Danish brand Bang & Olufsen along with extensive knowhow from the Danish fashion industry. GAMING & ANIMATION
With the founder team coming from the Danish film and animation industry and the whole idea behind Salto deriving from an art project that needed access to an intuitive and accessible motion capture system, the creative possibilities that the Salto suit offers will always be at the core of our work . The Salto project has been developed in collaboration with both The Technical University of Denmark and The University of Southern Denmark. Our collaboration with these two major research institutions in Denmark in the R&D process has made the foundation of the project very solid. Lectures and Ph.D.s from both institution will follow the project very closely in the time to come. The Salto project is in addition supported by the Danish Market Development Fund. This is backer's guarantee that Salto will be delivered in time to your doorstep. We have made four iterations of functional prototypes of the Salto suit as you can see in this campaign. The sensors, suit and hub are all prototypes and are in the process of being designed for mass production to get the price down and quality up. With large scale production it will be possible to shrink the sensor and hub size. We have reached our expected frame rate and a very promising precision. Sensor based motion capture is by definition relative to its environment. Therefore we are not integrating external hardware in order to provide absolute positioning. This can be added to the product depending on the user's requirement - for example by integrating HTC Vive's Lighthouse. We will share all the updates we have on both the design, the quality and the positioning with our backers. When it comes to the Salto hand we haven't yet made a functional prototype, but focused on development and testing of the core Salto sensor node, which is also going to be the sensor used for the hand. So in theory we have all components for the hand, we just have to put them together and test them. This is going to be done in early October and we are going to share all the updates with you. The architecture is slightly different on the hand compared to the suit, but the software and sensors are exactly the same. The salto hand will give the users finger tracking as well as body tracking which opens the door to even more use cases. The vision of democratizing motion capture and the founding of the company Rokoko have roots back to 2012 with the invention of the concept Animotion. Petter Madegård and Jakob Balslev attended The National Film School of Denmark and had a dream of making live animation theater with motion capture. This concept was later named Animotion and today Rokoko produces Animotion shows at venues all over Denmark, and soon several places in the rest of the world. Here's a presentation video of Animotion and some pictures from the production of the first show, The Princess & The Frog. And this is from the first ever Animotion production "Last Hope for Mission:Doom" Testing of really early prototype:'
Search templates (CTRL+Space)
New Template
Search templates (CTRL+Space)
New Template
Search templates (CTRL+Space)
New Template
Search templates (CTRL+Space)
New Template
Search templates (CTRL+Space)
New Template
Salto is a motion capture suit designed as an easy-to-wear utility suit manufactured of breathable and durable nylon fabric. The textile suit comes in three sizes for men and three for woman, please see the table below. All backers will be contacted after the campaign has ended to specify what standard size they would like their suit delivered in.
It began 500 years ago, with Martin Luther's 95 Theses in 1517, and has never really ended. Not only has the Reformation had a profound influence on the diversity of Christian practice today, but it also affected many other aspects of our culture, not least the story of western classical music.
At first sight, however, the Reformation does not seem a very promising idea for the development of music. For many of the significant reformers, such as Huldrych Zwingli and John Calvin, anything beyond simple psalms and songs was viewed with suspicion since it obscured or – more insidiously – rivalled the purer music of scripture. The first reformer, Martin Luther, is often assumed to have shared such puritanical views, with his strong emphasis on scripture, faith and God's freely given grace. Surely, all the paraphernalia of the Catholic church, including its complex and sumptuous music, was to be rejected outright?
Schütz wrote music that set vernacular German text with a verve & skill that launched it as a language for modern music
In fact, Luther enthused about music as the greatest gift of God after religion itself, and – wherever possible – he preserved much of the glorious polyphony of Catholic practice. But he also inaugurated a sort of musical democratisation by which strong, simple melodies (the “chorales”) could be sung by the entire congregation.
Nevertheless, the repertory of music that is exclusively “Lutheran” is relatively small. The leading Lutheran composer of the 17th century, Heinrich Schütz, wrote music that was very much in the same idiom as Monteverdi and other Catholic composers active around 1600. The main difference lies in the use of the vernacular German text, set with a verve and skill that essentially launched German as a language for modern music.
The Lutheran tradition of course peaked in JS Bach, a composer who, like his most distinguished predecessors, capitalised on all the musical styles available to him – whether from Protestant or Catholic traditions. What makes his music Lutheran lies in the theological stance of the poetic textual commentary of his cantatas and Passions. The latter in particular dramatised the centre point of Luther's theology: the freely given gift of Jesus's sacrifice, by which salvation is achieved.
But, after Bach, there are only a few obvious flashes of musical Lutheranism (not the least Mendelssohn and his “Reformation” symphony and a few significant church pieces by Brahms).
19th century portrait of Martin Luther (1483-1546). Photograph: Print Collector/Getty Images
It would seem rather that the Catholic church has, literally, called the tunes in western music history. Virtually all notated repertories before the Reformation came from Catholic Europe and the church continued to produce many of the great glories of Renaissance music during the first century of reformation. Even William Byrd, arguably the greatest English composer of the age, wrote significant pieces for the Catholic liturgy.
From Monteverdi to Vivaldi, some of the greatest church music of the early modern era came from the Catholic side. The connection continues with figures as diverse as Liszt, Bruckner, Verdi, Puccini and Elgar (brought up a Catholic). Nor does its influence cease in the age of modernism, with composers such as Messiaen, Penderecki and James MacMillan all thoroughly influenced by the beliefs and aesthetic attitudes of Catholic practice. Of course, there are plenty of non-religious composers, too (such as the Lutheran-baptised Richard Wagner), but beyond figures such as Bach, Handel and Mendelssohn (all of whom in any case showed some ecumenical tendencies), it is difficult to name many who have shown any enthusiasm for Protestantism. Even Brahms is perhaps best described as a “cultural Lutheran”.
And so, you might ask, why are we celebrating the 500th anniversary of the Reformation in music? Why does it have any enduring significance for the culture of western music?
Luther developed a practice in which music took on a more highly charged value... he inaugurated a culture of listening
For a start, the Protestant imperative to attend more to text in general and scripture in particular, led to the Catholic church's own Reformation, the Counter Reformation, in the mid-16th century. It was in this environment that Palestrina became the mythologised father of a new Catholic musical tradition that, like those of the Protestants, purported to present the text more clearly by avoiding the excesses of polyphonic elaboration.
The Catholic church's increased interest in music as the medium for text also drew it closer to humanist concerns for expression and effect – something that lay behind the development of madrigalian and operatic styles. And the interest in expression and emotional content also directly paralleled the new sense of intimate spirituality that characterised both the Catholic and Protestant reformations.
The art of music, which used to be the analogue of the proportions of heaven and the harmony of the entire cosmos, was increasingly brought down to earth, with the focus more on the human spirit and body. It would be simplistic to claim that all this was caused by the Reformation, but it is unlikely to have happened without the debates about faith, devotional practice and personal responsibility that the Reformation inaugurated.
Musical styles too began to change and diversify in the decades following the Reformation. How was the music actually heard? We will never know for sure, but Roland Barthes may well have been on to something when he suggested that Lutheranism inaugurated a culture of listening. Luther certainly developed a practice in which music took on a more highly charged value, consolidating the drama and struggles of belief within the mind of the believer rather than in the multi-sensory panoply of traditional Catholic practice. It is perhaps no surprise that Bach once related the presence of God and his grace specifically to music – something that cannot be seen or touched, but which permeates the believer's world and mind. Scripture and faith coalesce in the believer's own mind through the practice of listening.
Perhaps something of modern music culture was inaugurated through this intensification of listening, by which music ultimately became the elevated, autonomous art of what is so often termed “classical music”.
When, towards the end of the 18th century, European music culture began to rebel against the primacy of text as the essence of musical sense and expression, it was in north European Lutheran and Reformed lands, particularly Germany, that music emerged as an art liberated from text, but preserving something of the intense listening and contemplation of religious practice.
Elias Gottlieb Haussmann's 1746 portrait of JS Bach. Photograph: Pictorial Press Ltd / Alamy/Alamy
Religion itself was not entirely abandoned: indeed the sacred oratorios of Bach and Handel provided the foundation of a rich amateur choral culture that spread across Europe in the 19th century, and this was emulated by many new composers in the oratorio tradition.
But if one thread from the Reformation (and Counter Reformation) led towards an intensification of the individual's sense of self, it also provided the beginnings of community performance and listening. It was, after all, Luther who essentially inaugurated congregational singing in church and this trend soon became adapted towards the psalm singing of the Reformed traditions (and later in Anglicanism, reformed Catholicism and Methodism). These singing traditions lay behind the amateur choral societies of the late 18th century but they also perhaps enabled listeners to play a more active part in listening to the music sung by the specialists.
A listener immersed in Lutheran traditions participates in the chorales of a Bach Passion even if she is not actually singing at that moment. The notion of group identification is of course central to contemporary popular music – the audience might sing along or move to the songs that they have already intimately internalised. It is not difficult to trace a genealogy here that grafts existing Protestant singing practices on to the emerging African American traditions of the 19th and 20th centuries.
So, what indeed has the Reformation ever done for us? As far as the western musical cultures we inherit today are concerned, perhaps the answer is – almost everything.
•Reformation Day is celebrated at the Proms with three concerts on Sunday 20 August, broadcast live and available online for 30 days. Find out more about Luther and the Reformation here.
Tucker Carlson went in with guns blazing after yesterday's Senate testimony by Attorney General Jeff Sessions – calling elements of the US Intelligence community ‘corrupt' and ‘politicized' for illegally leaking information with the intention of damaging President Trump.
In a Democracy we're in charge – not unelected bureaucrats… Once the beurocracy has shoved asdie an elected government, they can do it again – and at that point it's over… democracy is dead.
Tucker counts the ways…
For months, conspiratorial propaganda has been making it's way from the United States surveillance apparatus to mainstream outlets such as the New York Times and the Washington Post – which was instrumental in seeding the phrase ‘fake news.‘ For more salacious material such as the discredited 35-page ‘pissgate' dossier (cobbled together in part through a 4chan trolling effort), tabloid outlets such as Buzzfeed are utilized.
Tucker ran through a list of several deep state leaks meant specifically to harm Trump and his administration – beginning with the fact that yesterday's testimony took place in large part due to former FBI Director James Comey's previously leaked suggestion that Sessions may have met with the Russian Ambassador last April during a crowded event at the Mayfower Hotel.
In December unnamed intel sources told the Washington Post that Russia helped Donald Trump win the Presidency. A week later, unnamed senior Intel officials told NBC news that Putin personally was involved in helping Trump win. In February, current and former American officials released the details of a phone call between incoming National Sec Advisor Mike Flynn and ambassador Kislyak of Russia. [Flynn's] career and reputation were subsequently destroyed by all of that. Trump's private phone call with the President of Mexico – surveilled by American Intelligence and then leaked. His call with the Aussie PM, same thing… With Vladimir Putin – again, leaked by the Intel community. How could this possibly have advanced American National Security interests, which is what they're supposed to be doing? None of it did – it was entirely political. And then in March as if to prove this point, a half dozen current and former Intel officials told the NYT that they'd sought to spread classified intel information about the Trump campaign as widely as possible throughout government to ensure it would all eventually leak!
[And let's not forget the time former Obama DoD official Evelyn Farkas slipped up and corroborated the report]
Tucker closes by reminding us exactly why this is so important
In general the public ought to know a lot more about government than it does, but we're seeing something new here. These are strategic leaks – the release of classified intelligence from people whose job it is to collect and safeguard that intelligence – and in that way it's an utter perversion of the system. We give enormous power to our intelligence agenices – CIA, NSA, the rest of them. We let them listen to our phone calls, read our email, watch us from satellites. We let them do that so they can keep us safe from foreign threats – not so they can pick our political leaders or devise our policies… (cont.)
Enjoy:
If you enjoy the content at iBankCoin, please follow us on Twitter
The belief of a soul or spirit that can exist independent of a brain is a romantic idea that I don't often go out of my way to debate. After all, believing that the essence of one's identity continues after death is an understandable comfort to those dealing with mortality. That said, I've been asked recently why exactly I don't believe in disembodied consciousness and figure that here is the perfect place to record my thoughts.Strictly speaking, this isn't an atheist issue. The existence of a God doesn't imply an afterlife nor does the absence of a deity imply that there can't be a hereafter. The fact that the two beliefs are so often tied speaks to how religions have positioned themselves to appeal to desires in order to gain a following. By this I mean that a master who must be worshiped and a church that must be paid doesn't fulfill many emotional wants, however, a master who can eternally reward worship and a church that serves as the proxy for heaven--that's desirable to many. Still, the afterlife, like God, is an issue for skeptics. Neither can be proven nor specifically understood and they both rely on supernatural assumptions. It's impossible to say for certain that we don't wake up somewhere else post-mortem, but below are my reasons for doubting.There are many ways to show that my consciousness (or my mind/spirit/soul/self--depending on definitions) is directly tied to my physical brain. Drink too many beers and I become less inhibited, more friendly, and slower to process new information. Drink enough, and my consciousness goes on hiatus entirely--and booze is just the tip of the iceberg. When considering the full range of effects pharmacology has our brain, how can anyone deny that chemicals are a catalyst for how we think and behave? We observe higher levels of serotonin or dopamine when happy. Age wears down the brain as much as any other bodily organ--resulting in sluggish thinking, memory loss, and confusion--which in some cases are diagnosable as Alzheimer's or Dementia. There is a laundry list of contributing evidence that shows as goes the brain, so goes the mind. The reasonable conclusion is that when the brain goes completely, (dies) so does the self. I get it, it's a bummer, but desire does not dictate reality.
Spyderco is taking legal action against Kevin, Inc. owner of Maine outdoor retailer Kittery Trading Post for allegedly selling counterfeit versions of two of its most popular blades, the Military and Para Military 2. The lawsuit lists seven different offenses including Infringement of Trademarks, Commercial Disparagement, and Misappropriation of Business Value, and seeks reparations of up to 6 million dollars .
According to the December action filed in the US District Court for the District of Colorado, events were set in motion on October 16, 2016, when Kittery Trading Post sold a counterfeit Military and Para Military 2, for $80 and $75 respectively. Spyderco said they bore all the markings of its knives, including the Spyder Mark, the Round Hole, the Glessers' maker marks, and the “Golden, CO, USA, Earth” origin stamp.
Spyderco said they hired an independent metallurgist to determine if the blades marked CPM S30V were authentic. “The results of that testing confirmed that the knives .. were not manufactured by Spyderco in Golden, Colorado and are not authentic,” they wrote.
Spyderco included a photo of the knives (shown below) in the complaint, which were said to be sold without boxes but marked with price tags that depict scanner barcodes tied to Kittery Trading Post's POS System and the words ‘CLONE PARAMILITARY' and ‘CLONE MILITARY.' “Kevin was thus aware of exactly what it was doing when it chose to offer for sale through its store the Counterfeit Knives,” Spyderco wrote in the complaint.
Despite seemingly inescapable evidence presented by Spyderco, in a statement sent to KnifeNews by attorneys representing the Defendant, President Kevin Adams denies the allegations. “Not only is this false, but for anyone that knows us at Kittery Trading Post, the suggestion is outrageous. .. This false allegation is regrettable, and we will strongly defend ourselves against it,” he says. On January 5th, Kevin, Inc. filed a motion to dismiss the case. The parties will reconvene on February the 1st.
> > Keep your folders awesome. Grab a Pack of 5 Microfiber Blade Sleeves for $8.99 < <
Jeff Loffer, anti-counterfeiting hawk and owner of CutleryShoppe.com, points out some of the consequences of the growing phenomenon. “Products being made and sold that are deceitfully crafted to look like Spyderco's products, not only hurt Spyderco's reputation, but could result in injury to consumers.”
But, Loffer puts much of the blame squarely on end users who knowingly buy counterfeit knives. “I find it concerning there is even a marketplace or demand for such items.”
Knife featured in image: Spyderco Para Military 2
FORT MYERS, Fla. – David Ortiz watched the Red Sox honor Mariano Rivera on his last trip to Fenway Park. He was there to see Derek Jeter make his final appearance in Boston.
The Red Sox-Yankees rivalry is the best, the most emotional, the biggest of them all.
The 2016 season is Ortiz's final lap as a player. He knows the drill. He doesn't want treasure. He doesn't need another painting. Save the rocking chair for someone else.
When Ortiz, 40, makes his final Yankee Stadium appearance on Sept. 29, this is what he wants, and it speaks volumes about Ortiz the player, the competitor, the enemy, the star.
“You know what I want most of all?'' Big Papi told The Post on Tuesday at JetBlue Park. “I would love it if the fans at Yankee Stadium gave me a standing ovation.''
That's what he wants, and that would be the perfect tribute to Ortiz, who owns 503 home runs.
Yes, Big Papi broke the hearts of Yankees fans everywhere when he led the Red Sox to that historic comeback in 2004. The Yankees had the Red Sox dead and buried with a 3-0 lead in the ALCS.
Roles were reversed. The Curse of the Bambino came to an abrupt end, thanks to the Red Sox's new Bambino, Big Papi, who earned ALCS MVP honors.
Boston staged the greatest comeback of them all, propelling them to their first World Series victory since 1918. That started it all for Papi and the Red Sox.
“The Yankees were the team to beat back then,'' Ortiz said when I asked him what that comeback did for him. “Being able to do what we did was something that was very special. It was career-lifting for me. People get to know you better, focus on you a little more. If you continue to be successful, you can build a career out of it.''
You sure can. When he first arrived in Boston, Ortiz was a part-time player. The power had not developed in the Twins organization, where he was taught to spray the ball. When he first came over, teammates jokingly called him Juan Pierre because he was such was a spray hitter.
It wasn't long before he became Big Papi.
Since 2004, the Red Sox own three World Series titles; the Yankees have one.
Yankee fans can show class by sending off Ortiz with a standing ovation — even those fans who somehow manage to make their way into premium seat locations at less than full price.
With the fans honoring Ortiz, the Yankees don't have to spend much on a parting gift. The Yankees can save that money for Bryce Harper down the free agent road.
The precedent has been set, too.
There was no more hated rival in New York than the Pacers' Reggie Miller, yet in Miller's last appearance at the Garden in 2005, fans cheered and chanted: “Reg-gie! Reg-gie!''
Miller even gave Spike Lee a hug that day.
Yankee fans should chant: “Pa-pi! Pa-pi!'' and give him that standing ovation.
The Yankees have been tortured by Ortiz through the years. There is still a jagged hole in the concrete in the bowels of the Stadium behind home plate where the Yankees dug up an Ortiz jersey in 2008 that was buried there during construction by a Red Sox fan.
Ortiz likes this Red Sox team, even though Pablo Sandoval is sporting a big belly and Hanley Ramirez is trying to show he can play first base. Ortiz said he is hoping to go out with a “crown.''
Big Papi says this team has better balance than recent Red Sox teams and the acquisition of David Price is huge.
“We need a guy like him,'' Ortiz said of Price, a pitcher he has feuded with in the past. “We need an ace. They brought him in to try and win a championship here. In my case, I'm going to be his No. 1 supporter.''
Ortiz deeply respects the fans, even those from other teams who boo him, because it shows how much they love the game and their team. Yankee fans can show Ortiz respect in that final game.
Cheer for Big Papi. Chant his nickname. Send him out with class.
HOUSEHOLDERS are to be hit with a massive hike in a state-approved levy on their electricity bills.
HOUSEHOLDERS are to be hit with a massive hike in a state-approved levy on their electricity bills.
The 50pc rise in the levy used to subsidise energy generated from peat and wind has been condemned as "just another sneaky tax rise".
The move will add €23 a year to the average household bill, and comes after a similar-sized increase in the levy last year.
The Public Service Obligation (PSO) levy is being imposed despite a fall in the wholesale cost of generating electricity.
Vice-chairman of Consumers' Association Michael Kilcoyne called on Energy Minister Pat Rabbitte to change the rules which result in householders and businesses being forced to subsidise the cost of generating power from wind and peat.
"This is just another sneaky tax rise. The regulator, the minister and officials are not in touch with reality if they are imposing such a large increase in the levy."
The Commission for Energy Regulation (CER) has issued a "proposed decision" which will lead to the hefty increase in the PSO levy on electricity bills.
Even though the decision is a proposed one, experts said it was highly unlikely to change.
Householders will be charged €63 a year in the PSO levy, up 47pc. When valued added tax (VAT) is added the annual cost on all household bills will go to €71.52.
Renewables
This works out at a rise of €23 a year when compared with the cost of the levy last year, calculations by Simon Moynihan of price comparison site Bonkers.ie show.
The PSO levy is designed to subsidise energy companies for generating electricity from renewable sources and to help fund peat-burning stations.
The rise comes into effect in October, and will raise €328m.
A spokesman for the energy regulator said it had no discretion on whether or not to turn down a rise in the levy. This is because the rules around the levy are set by Government policy, and the regulator only has a role in calculating the cost generators need to recoup from the levy each year.
The levy is going up despite a fall of up to 10pc in the wholesale cost of generating electricity. A warm winter means there is spare gas capacity, which has seen costs fall.
Firms which generated electricity from wind and peat need a higher subsidy to cover the fall in revenue from the market for the electricity they produce, the spokesman for the regulator's office said.
Funds from the levy also go to two gas-fired electricity plants on the west coast to ensure there is "security of supply".
Business body IBEC said that overall the levy was to go up by 55pc, when the impact on companies was calculated, and risked damaging the country's international competitiveness.
Irish Independent
The Illinois Supreme Court has affirmed lower court rulings that Internet service provider Comcast must reveal the identity of an online commenter who compared a Stephenson County politician to convicted pedophile and ex-Penn State assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky.
Potentially libelous online comments are an increasing source of concern. Commenters often hide behind the cloak of anonymity, seemingly untouchable. Don Craven, an attorney for the Illinois Press Association, said Thursday's decision should make clear that Illinois, at least, will not tolerate such attempts at defamation.
"There are folks who go through life thinking that the Internet provides permanent anonymous protection. This case makes clear that that's not true," Craven said.
The case stems from a Dec. 28, 2011, online article published by the Freeport Journal-Standard about Bill Hadley seeking a return to county politics by running for the Stephenson County Board.
The next day, an online commenter using the name "Fuboy," who had completed a basic registration process, posted comments that included: "Hadley is a Sandusky waiting to be exposed. Check out the view he has of Empire (an elementary school) from his front door."
Hadley filed a defamation suit in early 2012 against the newspaper's parent company, GateHouse Media. GateHouse, which also owns The State Journal-Register, provided Hadley the Internet Protocol address acquired from Fuboy's Internet service provider, Comcast Cable Communications.
The suit against GateHouse, after being moved to federal court, subsequently was dismissed.
Hadley returned to circuit court in August 2012 and filed a defamation suit against Fuboy, alleging that the comments he made were defamatory on their face because it imputed the commission of a crime to Hadley.
Along with the complaint, Hadley issued a subpoena to Comcast requesting records and information concerning the IP address.
The circuit court entered an order directing Comcast to comply with the subpoena with the condition that the company would have to notify the subscriber, who then filed a motion to quash the subpoena.
During a hearing in January 2013, the circuit court told the parties that the better procedure to use to discover the identity of Fuboy was through Illinois Supreme Court Rule 224, which provides a means to identify potential defendants prior to the filing of a lawsuit.
The circuit court concluded that the Sandusky in Fuboy's comment referred to Jerry Sandusky, the former Penn State assistant football coach accused of sexually abusing numerous boys, and that any reasonable person reading the comment would conclude the same thing. The court also found the comment wasn't capable of any innocent construction and could not be considered an opinion.
The court ordered Comcast to provide the identification and last known address of the IP address holder.
The 2nd District Appellate Court, with one justice dissenting, affirmed the circuit court ruling.
The Illinois Supreme Court agreed with the appellate court, concluding that Hadley's complaint presented sufficient allegations of a defamation claim to withstand a motion to dismiss.
Bill Freivogel, a professor of journalism at Southern Illinois University Carbondale who is an expert on First Amendment issues, said the opinion issued Thursday sets a lower standard to obtain the name of an anonymous online poster than in some other states, such as Delaware or New Jersey.
"This has come up in a number of other states," Freivogel said. "They couldn't sue the newspaper, so suing the poster was the only option left."
He said the opinion "references the need to pay attention to the First Amendment issues of free speech. But defamation is not protected by the First Amendment."
Robert Fagan, a Freeport attorney who represents the commenter, declined to comment, saying he hadn't yet spoken to his client.
Hadley, a retired Illinois Department of Corrections officer and chairman of the county board, said the decision was a relief.
"For three and a half years, I've been trying to get the name, the identity of this person," he said in an interview Thursday, estimating that he'd spent more than $30,000 pursuing the case. "It'll be a huge victory for me, but it's practically broke me financially."
— The Associated Press contributed to this report. Contact Chris Dettro: chris.dettro@sj-r.com, 788-1510, twitter.com/ChrisDettroSJR.
With nearly 7 million ballots counted, Democrat Kamala Harris holds a razor-thin lead over Republican Steve Cooley in the race for state attorney general.
Fewer than 38,000 votes separate the two candidates as thousands of late absentee and provisional ballots remain uncounted. Cooley, the Los Angeles County district attorney, jumped out to an early lead as the votes were being counted across the state Tuesday night.
Cooley declared victory and scheduled a victory press conference for Wednesday morning. But as the race tightened, Cooley's campaign announced he was canceling the press conference until the race had a more definitive result.
Harris, who trailed in most public opinion polls leading up to election day, is trying to complete a Democratic sweep of statewide offices. All other statewide offices went to Democrats, including the three currently held by Republicans -- governor, lieutenant governor and insurance commissioner.
"Steve Cooley, who declared victory and went home, should be up biting his nails," state Sen. Mark Leno (D-San Francsico) said shortly before 1 a.m. to a dwindling crowd of Harris backers in San Francisco. "It's going to be a story long into tomorrow, but my own assessment and opinion is, we win this race!"
If her victory holds, Harris would become the first African American and first woman ever to hold the job of California attorney general. Cooley ran on a strong law-and-order message, while Harris emphasized environmental protection in her campaign. Harris proved to be a prodigious fundraiser, and received campaign help from President Obama in the closing weeks of the campaign.
--Anthony York
Target stores in the United States are now stocking this year's exclusive polybag, 30286 Christmas Tree. While not as charming as last year's Snowman, this is still a good holiday set that is enhanced by the addition of stud ornaments in six colors and a few gifts below the boughs.
There are a couple of uncommon parts as well, including a green modified brick with headlight and cheese slopes in pearl gold. All in all, a nice stocking stuffer or small gift, and an above-average addition to the collection of LEGO brick-built trees.
If you find yourself at Target, keep an eye out for the TIE Advanced Prototype, Go-Kart Racer and Space Utility Vehicle polybags, which should still be available at check-out. Friend fans will find the Pop Star Red Carpet among the stocking stuffers available in the Christmas section of the store.
Evil never sees itself as evil.
The pro-abortion movement proves that every day, and as today is a day ending in Y, that rule applies. On Wednesday, pro-abortion spokeswoman Gloria Steinem appeared on PBS' Tavis Smiley, where she discussed her own abortion. Steinem dedicated her new tome, My Life on The Road, to the doctor who performed her illegal killing of her child in the womb.
Bragging about her abortion, Steinem explained, “It gave me my life. I mean, I wouldn't have been able to live my life otherwise.”
The question, of course, is not who controls a woman's body. It's who controls the definintion of a human life within a woman's body. There is not a single pro-life person who gives one good damn about a woman's gallbladder.
This statement, in and of itself, is the highest form of evil. Suggesting that you get to dehumanize someone for the sake of personal convenience represents the height of narcissistic brutality. But Steinem continued by defending taxpayer-funded abortion mill Planned Parenthood:
[The attack] is part of an ultra right-wing attempt to restore the basis of patriarchy or a male-dominant system and the necessity of a long-term racist system which is controlling reproduction. And to control reproduction, you have to control the bodies of women.
This odious feminist notion – the utterly false and malicious slur that pregnancy is some sort of male revenge fantasy on women – provides the justification for murder. It turns out that killing babies isn't a blow against males. It's a blow against the babies who have their brains sucked into sinks.
In truth, no one could be happier than misogynistic men about the presence of abortion. Married men – men who actually pledge to care for women long-term – pay a heavy price for their commitment by being forced to pay for the care of both wife and children. But men who prefer to cat around are in luck with the new abortion regime: they never have to worry about any consequences of their sexual profligacy. How convenient!
Steinem continued with this gobbledygook:
So the question is, who controls a woman's body? Herself, which seems to me a requisite of it's a basic human right. It's a requisite of democracy. But without controlling reproduction, you lose control of nationalism, which has two pillars, which is territory and population. You lose the ability to decide how many workers, how many soldiers, what class, what race and so on.
The question, of course, is not who controls a woman's body. It's who controls the definintion of a human life within a woman's body. There is not a single pro-life person who gives one good damn about a woman's gallbladder. We do, however, care about the preservation of the human being in her uterus. Human life is not defined by democracy; stamping out human life is not a “basic human right.” And the fact that nature determines that women have babies is not a facet of male patriarchy, but of reality. Steinem is undoubtedly correct that slaughtering the next generation has impact on nationalism, but she blithely neglects to mention that the death of Western nationalism ends with the victory of barbaric cultures that routinely stamp on the actual human rights of women. Her hatred of the West is stronger than her love for women.
But at least her murder of her unborn child allowed her to live the life she wanted, encouraging other women to murder their unborn children. That's freedom, don't you know.
Mansoor Ijaz, an American businessman, was allowed to give his evidence by videolink from London on Wednesday after he said his safety could not be guaranteed in Pakistan .
He claims he was asked to deliver a memo to American military officers asking for their support in removing the head of the army and the head of the Inter-Services Intelligence agency in May last year.
Mr Ijaz told a commission investigating the case that he wrote the explosive memo from notes dictated over the telephone by Husain Haqqani, the then Pakistani ambassador to Washington.
He was told that President Asif Ali Zardari himself was behind the plan, he added.
Mr Ijaz said Islamabad was prepared to allow access to Osama bin Laden's three wives, help in tracking down Mullah Omar and Ayman al-Zawahiri, leaders of the Afghan Taliban and al-Qaeda respectively, and to disband the ISI's notorious S Wing – believed to retain links to militant groups.
"He (Haqqani) further offered that Pakistan would agree on an additional discipline as regard to the nuclear programme," said Mr Ijaz.
Mr Haqqani resigned in November last year after being recalled from Washington as the scandal threatened to undermine Pakistan's crisis-riddled civilian leadership. He has denied the claims.
The memo was delivered to Admiral Mike Mullen, then the US Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, days after the May 2 raid to kill Osama bin Laden.
Pakistan's generals were deeply embarrassed by revelations that the world's most wanted man was hiding in plain sight, in a military town barely 30 miles from Islamabad. They also apparently failed to detect the US helicopters as they penetrated deep inside Pakistan.
Their humiliation prompted many to believe the government could use the episode to rein in the reach of a military which has seized power three times since independence and remains a force behind the throne.
Details of the memo emerged in October and, combined with a chronic economic crisis and a second legal challenge, triggered a stand-off between military and civilian leaders.
Mr Ijaz's testimony is expected to continue for several days.
A woman who agreed to be a surrogate had to battle for her baby after she gave birth to two children and then discovered one of them was actually her biological child.Jessica Allen says she was matched with a couple in April of 2016.She says one of their embryos was successfully implanted into her uterus.Six weeks into the pregnancy, she says her doctor noticed something very unexpected, and Jessica eventually delivered what she thought at the time to be identical twin boys."I did notice one was much lighter than the other, you know obviously they were not identical twins," Allen said.One month later a DNA test confirmed the second baby was her biological son. Jessica says after a complicated process, she and her husband got custody of their son.Doctors say what happened was extremely rare.It's called superfetation when a woman continues to ovulate even after becoming pregnant, resulting in two babies.
The Louisville Cardinals' baseball team had a bit of a premature celebration Saturday in the second game of their NCAA super regional series against the Kentucky Wildcats. Thanks to a 5-2 win Friday in the opening game of the best-of-three series, the Cardinals were in strong position heading into this one, and up 6-2 in the bottom of the ninth with two outs, they were quite set to celebrate heading to the College World Series. A little too set, as it turned out, as they stormed the field following a close play at first, only to have the umpire call the runner safe thanks to first baseman Sam Bordner being ruled off the bag:
Here's a replay of the call and the preemptive field-storming:
Missed it by that much. But at least Louisville got the third out soon after, and they were able to properly celebrate a win over their in-state rivals. It would have been really awkward if they'd gone on to lose.
[Clippit]
So over this past weekend my group got to try out Mythender with me being the Mythmaster (GM). We didn't have a lot of time to play so we only did the tutorial battle. We did character creation in about 20 minutes. I had printed out the whole book and was able to just hand out sheets the group was able to just hold onto and not have to copy over from a master copy. Character creation is sort of like FATE in the sense that you pick out a few aspects that define your character. You pick out your past (who you were before you became a deity killer), your heart (who you are as a person now), and your fate (what god you are fated to become should your humanity slip). You then get to pick out three weapons that you use to smite down the gods. These can be intrinsic (your skill of blades or magic you possess), a relic (a blade your father gave you or a trinket your child gave you), or a companion (a worshiper or beasts that obey you). I had my players pick one of each off of lists that can be found in the book. You then pick out what your god forms are. Think of it like Super Saiyan 1, 2, and 36. As more of your humanity slips and more of your deity shows you gain some awesome cosmetic changes. These are all fluff, but you can do some crazy stuff with it.
The tutorial battle does a great job walking everyone through the mechanics. There is a bit of crunch to this system, and it is unlike any other game I've played before. Honestly this RPG is God of War meets Dragon Ball Z. You power up over a couple of rounds then unleash wanton destruction on your enemy, while all the while waiting to assume your final form, but I mean this in the best possible way. The scale that you do things is ridiculous. A word of warning for those who want to run this. Do the tutorial battle as written. Unless you have folks who know what they are doing before you started playing, going off script is a bad idea.
My group fought an army of viking warriors who served Thor. An army is sort of the base level of bad guy in this game. Needless to say that the PCs won the day (cause that's how it is written) but everyone had a really good time. Everyone got to feel like a bad ass regardless of what they ended up playing. The mechanics are a little confusing due to the naming structure (Lightning tokens, Thunder Dice, Mythic Dice, Storm Dice, etc) but there are little cheat sheets on the character sheets so you have that going for you. Give it a try if you are looking for a one shot or a longer running game. You can find it here. Thanks for reading.
Like this: Like Loading...
Radley Balko: Artificial Standards
Monday , March 24, 2008
By Radley Balko
ADVERTISEMENT
Earlier this month, a bullying, cartel-like professional group met in New Orleans for its annual conference. One of the top items on the agenda was to discus new lobbying strategies to scare off the lowly folks who attempt to enter this particular profession without first paying the proper deference and dues to the industry's old guard. I'm speaking of course of the American Society of Interior Designers (ASID).
I'm not kidding.
Did you know that in Nevada it is illegal to move a large piece of furniture for someone else under the title of "interior designer"? In fact, 21 states and the District of Columbia have enacted "titling" regulations or registration requirements for people who want to arrange other people's furniture for a fee.
Under titling laws, you can still design someone else's house for payment, you just aren't permitted to advertise yourself as an "interior designer," which of course effectively kills any chance of starting an actual business.
But, titling laws are just a foot in the door.
In a 2006 report, the indispensable organization the Institute for Justice explained that ASID pushes for titling requirements only "as a first step toward lobbying for far more restrictive licensing laws."
A Forbes article in February reported that in some states, ASID is lobbying for states to pass laws stating that interior decorating can only be done by someone with a "four-year college degree," "a two-year apprenticeship," and who pays "a $720 fee to take an exam that only 49 percent now pass." IJ reports that of the four states that now require full-blown licensing for interior design, "three began with titling laws that, after industry pressure, evolved into licensing."
But it isn't just the pillow tossers (they hate it when you call them that).
According to a recent study from the Competitive Enterprise Institute, the professional florist's lobby (yes, there is one) has succeeded in enacting legislation in Louisiana that makes it illegal "for anybody to arrange two or more types of flowers without passing a largely subjective state licensing exam." The failure rate for the florist's exam is actually higher than that of the state bar exam. The CEI study warns that in theory, "a child could face a fine for picking a bouquet of flowers and selling it at a roadside stand."
The Economist reports that in Texas, veterinary groups are pushing to require "horse floaters" to obtain a veterinarian's license. Floaters specialize in filing down the teeth of horses. That's all they do. Requiring a vet's license would mean spending hundreds of thousands of dollars and several years in vet school. In other words, it would put floaters out of business. But that's the point — more tooth-filing fees for the state's veterinarians.
This sort of cartelish behavior is everywhere.
The funeral home industry is notorious for it. As are taxi and limousine services. IJ has been successful defeating laws in several states that would require African-American hair-braiders to obtain a beautician's license, which generally means thousands of dollars on cosmotology school, and accumulating hundreds of hours of training they don't need.
If you want to hang wallpaper in Georgia, you'll first need a state license.
Want to become a manicurist? If you live in California, be prepared to first sit through 600 hours of classroom training.
These laws tend to hit the poor especially hard. They put up expensive barriers to entry for people who want to start small businesses braiding hair, doing home repair, or offering manicures from their homes. They also drive up the costs of regulated services.
When cities grant taxi or limousine licenses to only a select few companies, the value of those licenses soars. In large cities like New York or Washington, D.C., a taxi medallion can be worth hundreds of thousands of dollars. That not only makes it difficult for low-income people to enter the market, it also limits competition, and drives up fares (though local governments often regulate fares, too).
Groups like ASID defend this nonsense with grandiose claims about upholding the integrity of the profession. They argue that legislation is necessary to protect consumers from fraudulent or amateurish decorators. But the occasional episode of MTV's Cribs not withstanding, there's simply little evidence that bad interior design is much of a problem.
The Institute for Justice found no statistically significant difference in the number of complaints to the Better Business Bureau in states that have adopted ASID recommendations versus states that hadn't.
In fact, there were actually more complaints filed in the regulated states. IJ also points out that five state agencies have studied the need for design regulation, and all five determined ASID-proposed regulation would produce no benefit to the public.
It's understandable why these groups would seek protection from state legislatures. They're becoming increasingly irrelevant.
In his book "An Army of Davids," Tennessee law professor and renowned blogger Glenn Reynolds shows how affordable technology, more leisure time, and the abundance of information available on the Internet are threatening increasingly anachronistic professions. Hobbyists can learn the tricks of many trades in weeks.
The gap between amateur and professional is closing. The Internet can eradicate old barriers like startup costs and overhead, and it can sharply reduce the cost of advertising and promotion. With a few clicks, a few weeks of study, and an avid interest, just about anyone can learn how to create an attractive bouquet of flowers, braid hair, or place a rug in a way that "really ties a room together."
This has the old guard running scared, so they're seeking sanctuary in state legislatures, pushing for laws that create unnecessary, artificial standards that puff up fake professions and chase out competitors.
Radley Balko is a senior editor for Reason magazine and maintains at Web log at TheAgitator.com.
Early medicine was scary to begin with, considering the lack of understanding the human body and the nature of illness. But let's not forget the strange and terrifying old surgical tools and the lack of anesthetic. With names like the tonsil guillotine and the scarificator, surgery looked and sounded more like medieval torture.
Here are some of the surgical tools you would not have wanted to see the doctor walk in with:
Bullet Extractor (1500s)
Elongated bullet extractors could reach bullets embedded deeply in the patient's body. Extractors like this one had a screw tip that could be inserted in the wound and lengthened to pierce the bullet so that it could be pulled out.
Amputation Knife (1700s)
Knives used for amputations during the 18th century were typically curved, because surgeons tended to make a circular cut through the skin and muscle before the bone was cut with a saw. By the 1800s, straight knives became more popular because they made it easier to leave a flap of skin that could be used to cover the exposed stump.
Artificial Leech (1800s)
Bloodletting with leeches was such a popular treatment for a range of medical conditions that an artificial leech was invented in 1840 and was used frequently in eye and ear surgery. The rotating blades would cut a wound in the patient's skin, while the cylinder would be used to produce a vacuum that sucked up the blood.
Cervical Dilator (1800s)
This instrument was used to dilate a woman's cervix during labor, with the amount of dilation measured on the scale by the handle. Such dilators fell out of favor because they often caused the cervix to tear.
Tonsil Guillotine (1860s)
This method of removing tonsils worked much like a traditional guillotine, slicing off the infected tonsils. This “double guillotine” design meant that both tonsils could be removed at the same time. Tonsil guillotines were replaced by forceps and scalpels in the early 20th century due to the high rate of hemorrhaging and the imprecise nature of the device, which often left tonsil remnants in the mouth.
Circumcision Knife (1770s)
Ritual circumcision is performed around the world in varying extents and for varying reasons, but few instruments used in the process are as intimidating as this European knife from the 18th century.
Lithotome (1740s-1830s)
This lithotome was used to cut the bladder in order to remove stones. The shaft contained a hidden blade that was inserted into the bladder and then released using a spring handle.
Tobacco Smoke Enema (1750s-1810s)
The tobacco enema was used to infuse tobacco smoke into a patient's rectum for various medical purposes, primarily the resuscitation of drowning victims. A rectal tube inserted into the anus was connected to a fumigator and bellows that forced the smoke towards the rectum. The warmth of the smoke was thought to promote respiration, but doubts about the credibility of tobacco enemas led to the popular phrase “blow smoke up one's ass.”
Hysterotome/Metrotome (1860s-90s)
This hysterotome or metrotome was used to amputate the cervix during a hysterectomy.
Hirtz Compass (1915)
The Hirtz compass was used to accurately determine where bullets were located in the body so that they could then be removed with precision.
Scarificator (1910s-20s)
Scarificators were used in bloodletting. The spring-loaded blades in this device would cut into the skin, and a special rounded glass cup could be applied over the wound. When warmed, it would help draw the blood out at a faster rate.
Vaginal Speculum (1600s)
Specula have been used for thousands of years to allow doctors better vision and access to the vaginal area (or other body cavities) by expanding after insertion. This 17th century European example, which appears to use a cranking motion to expand, is more ornate and intimidating than most.
Trephine (1800s)
This trephine was a hand-powered drill with a cylindrical blade that was used to bore into the skull. The spike in the center was used to start the procedure and to hold the blade in place while cutting.
Arrow Remover (1500s)
Not much is known about this tool, but it is hypothesized that it was inserted into the wound in a contracted position, with the central shaft used to grasp the arrow. The blades, which appear to have their sharp edges facing outward, were then expanded using the scissor-like handles, thus expanding the flesh around the arrow to prevent the arrowhead from ripping through the meat as it was pulled out.
Hemorrhoid Forceps (1800s)
These forceps were used to grasp a hemorrhoid between the blades and apply pressure to stop the blood supply, causing the hemorrhoid to drop off.
Amputation Saw (1600s)
While some surgeons chose to flaunt their wealth with elaborately decorated saws like this, the crevices in the intricate engravings proved to be a breeding ground for germs.
Mouth Gag (1880s-1910s)
This wooden, screw-shaped mouth gag would be inserted into an anesthetized patient's mouth to keep the airway open.
Skull Saw (1830s-60s)
This hand-cranked saw's blades were used to cut through sections of the skull, allowing for access by other instruments.
Hernia Tool (1850s)
This unique tool was used after the restoration of a hernia. It was inserted into the body near the affected area and left there for a week to produce scar tissue that would help seal off the hernia.
Ecraseur (1870s)
This ecraseur was used to sever hemorrhoids and uterine or ovarian tumors. The chain was looped over the mass and tightened using the ratchet, stopping the circulation of blood to the area.
Alban Maginness: Gerry Adams has zero interest in trying to make Stormont work... his sole intention is its annihilation BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Last week, Arlene Foster's olive branch to Sinn Fein was summarily rejected. This was despite the positive and flexible tone of her statement and her promise, on the restoration of the Executive, “ ... to bring forward legislation to address culture and language issues within a time-limited period to be agreed”. She added that the DUP had nothing to fear from the Irish language in itself. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/opinion/news-analysis/alban-maginness-gerry-adams-has-zero-interest-in-trying-to-make-stormont-work-his-sole-intention-is-its-annihilation-36104202.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/incoming/article36104198.ece/77cb7/AUTOCROP/h342/gerrrrrr.jpg
Email
Last week, Arlene Foster's olive branch to Sinn Fein was summarily rejected. This was despite the positive and flexible tone of her statement and her promise, on the restoration of the Executive, “ ... to bring forward legislation to address culture and language issues within a time-limited period to be agreed”. She added that the DUP had nothing to fear from the Irish language in itself.
This statement represented a public softening of the rejectionist attitude of the DUP on the number one red-line issue, an Irish Language Act. Short of absolutely capitulating on this issue, the DUP leader could hardly have made a much stronger public statement of her position.
Implicit in her statement was an acceptance of an Irish Language Act in principle and a commitment to legislate for it within a short timetable. The reality is that, even if the Executive was agreed to be established tomorrow by all the parties, it would take six months before the legislation could be passed by the Assembly in any event.
The fact that Sinn Fein immediately rejected the proposal without clarifying her remarks, or suggesting some further elaboration about them, highlights the hardline position of the Sinn Fein leader, Gerry Adams, with regard to the restoration of the Executive.
Sinn Fein has taken a strategic view that the Assembly and Executive are expendable and do not have to be restored. They are prepared to weather out the problems that direct rule from London will bring and put up with the freeze on politics within the north that would be consequent on direct rule happening.
During a period of prolonged and indefinite direct rule, the DUP would be damaged through the loss of their substantial Assembly representation and all that goes with it, including their MLAs, their constituency offices, the infrastructure of staff and advisors and the financial support that accrues from the Assembly.
As a result, the DUP will become a weakened political force and Sinn Fein would hope, as they successfully did to Trimble's UUP, that the DUP would become divided and fractured after a period of indefinite Westminster rule.
The object of the exercise is to weaken — and, if possible, destroy — the DUP and to engage directly with the British Government, which they can represent as an ogre, presiding over a region deficient in public funding and economic development, due to Brexit.
Everything that is bad will be the fault of the British and everything that is good will be as a result of Sinn Fein squeezing a concession out of that same, bad British Government.
In a nutshell, Sinn Fein have abandoned the partnership spirit of the Good Friday Agreement and strive to put themselves into a position of complete political superiority in the north and, in the meantime, concentrating all their major efforts in achieving power in government in the south.
Their success in the Assembly elections in March and in the snap General Election in June, where they gained South Down and Foyle and regained Fermanagh and South Tyrone, has given them a huge boost in the nationalist community in overshadowing the SDLP, their only serious rivals.
Direct rule will also greatly damage the SDLP, as they are now totally dependent on the Assembly for their political relevance and material support, having lost all their Westminster seats. Without the Assembly to operate from, the SDLP could languish in a political limbo.
Sinn Fein will hope that, during that period of limbo, the party will become politically irrelevant and die. As a result, Sinn Fein will then have eliminated all opposition to themselves in the north.
In any event, Sinn Fein now believe they are untouchable and can do anything that they like, as they will always retain the obliging votes of the nationalist community.
They know they can withstand the public outcry about hospital lists and education cuts and can advocate abortion and refuse to sit in Westminster with impunity, as they hold the monopoly of power in the nationalist community.
Once they have achieved political power in the south — which is a real possibility — they can revisit the north and maybe devise a more flexible strategy.
But without the restraining and conciliatory influence of the late Martin McGuinness, who was personally committed to the development of a dynamic political partnership between unionism and nationalism, politics here is at the tender mercy of Gerry Adams's ruthless and long-term strategy of destroying political unionism.
Adams has no serious commitment to partnership, or power-sharing, beyond it being a convenient political tactic from time to time. He does not give a hoot for Stormont and would be quite happy to see its demise.
Therefore, bar a miracle, the prospects of success in the latest round of interminable talks are nil.
Belfast Telegraph
Both Pollo Tropical and the Mexican-themed Taco Cabana are part of the Addison-based Fiesta Restaurant Group.
Richard Stockinger, Fiesta's new president and chief executive, said the company's expansion into new markets, including parts of Texas, produced "disappointing ... results. " He said in a statement the company's "recent growth initiatives diverted resources from our core markets and some amount of renewal is required to restore momentum in these markets.
"While the decision to close restaurants is never easy, we believe it is vital to focus the company's resources and efforts on markets and locations that have proven successful for our brands," he said.
In announcing the closures, the company in a statement offered a preliminary look at its financials for the first quarter, which ended April 2.
Same-store sales, a key measure of chain health, fell 6.7 percent at Pollo Tropical and 4.5 percent at Taco Cabana.
Fiesta expects to post impairment charges of about $33 million to $37 million in the first quarter, and related lease and other charges of $9 million to $12 million in the second quarter, based on the actual timing of restaurant closures.
The targetted restaurants contributed about $27.0 million of restaurant sales and $14.6 million of pre-tax operating losses, including $4.9 million of depreciation expense and $1.8 million of pre-opening costs, to results in 2016.
The company estimates that for the first quarter of 2017, the restaurants will account for about $6.2 million of restaurant sales and $3.8 million of pre-tax operating losses, including $1.2 million of depreciation expense.
Fiesta will retain 19 Pollo Tropical restaurants, including 13 in Atlanta, two in Houston and four in San Antonio, where the company plans to "apply and prove successful regional strategies for future Pollo Tropical expansion beyond Florida," the brand's strongest market.
Atlanta and the remaining Texas restaurants "will provide us a low-risk opportunity to refine and test our long-term growth potential," he said.
"Prior disappointing expansion results in the Northeast and Texas notwithstanding, we believe the Pollo Tropical brand, featuring its fire-grilled marinated chicken, will serve as a platform for ... substantial long-term growth," he said. "Taco Cabana is a Texas icon with enormous brand currency, and we believe it will benefit substantially from our revitalization plan. We will execute our plan with measured urgency.
The closures are part of a broader companywide "renewal plan," in which Fiesta plans to relaunch the Pollo Tropical brand in September of this year and to relaunch the Taco Cabana brand late in the year "once priority initiatives under the renewal plan are achieved."
As part of the plan, the company plans to cut costs and reduce advertising spending.
The company's stock gained nearly 3 percent to close at $24.60. That's down from more than $65 a share in March of 2015.
Twitter: @krobijake
About This Game
5 Games, 1 Price! Delivered monthly
Wield psychic powers against fearsome foes in epic comedy saga over 5 monthly episodes
An otherworldy power for controlling matter and space calls to the strongest and strangest who might wield it -- intergalactic warlords and eldritch gods, under-dwellers and scholars of the arcane.
Gaming's greatest dog and rabbit sleuths Sam & Max seek the power's ancient secrets, as manic Max gains shape shifting, teleportation, mind reading and future vision abilities for battling these foes.
The saga plays out in a surreal 5 month-long symphonies of mayhem that gets deeper and more twisted with each episode.
Episode 1: The Penal Zone - Now Available!
The Penal Zone - Now Available! Episode 2: The Tomb of Sammun-Mak - Now Available!
The Tomb of Sammun-Mak - Now Available! Episode 3: They Stole Max's Brain! - Now Available!
They Stole Max's Brain! - Now Available! Episode 4: Beyond the Alley of the Dolls - Now Available!
Beyond the Alley of the Dolls - Now Available! Episode 5: The City That Dares Not Sleep - Finale!
Key Features
Is BernieOrBust the Democratic version of the Tea Party?
Rigid and inflexible politics won't help the Political Revolution
Rob Gunther Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 26, 2016
Aside from their thoroughly toxic agenda, what always bothered me most about the Tea Party was their refusal to cede any ground whatsoever. They'd rather see the government shut down than give an inch, just to send a message. Any attempts at compromise seemed to have failed way back when President Obama and Speaker Boehner couldn't get their “grand bargain” through the House, which considering all the tax cuts, should have been a conservative's dream. It's been this inability to see past a rigid ideological bent that has caused the GOP to steadily implode, as once-centrist and moderate government officials continue to struggle to cater to an increasingly extreme movement.
And now I'm beginning to see evidence of the same pathological inflexibility embodied by the Bernie or Bust movement. Don't get me wrong, I'm a believer in Bernie's agenda through and through. But at this point, despite his not winning the nomination, it's undeniable the influence his movement has had on Democratic politics. And I really believe it's just the start. But the growth of a true political revolution is contingent upon Democrats winning the White House, and making serious gains in Congress (not to mention the gaping need for a liberal presence at the state and local level.)
Sarah Silverman was exactly right last night, the Bernie or Bust crowd is indeed being ridiculous. This movement has won so much, that to continue to put up such a fight, to continue to boo and throw tantrums, to insist on Never Hillary, at this point it's tantamount to the same obstructionist garbage that we've seen since the Tea Party shellacking of 2010.
Politics isn't a zero-sum game. As much as I'd love to live in the Democratic Socialist utopia envisioned by the Sanders campaign, it would be foolish to expect every other point of view from the rich tapestry of American politics to simply vanish overnight. The movement to remake American politics is not going to happen in one political cycle. I think the real challenge lies ahead, as midterm elections have been famously decided by the conservative minority. Can Sanders supporters figure out a way to get people in line to vote when there are no standard-bearers at the top of national tickets? Or will the progressive left disappear the same way they did two years after they ushered in the historic Presidency of Barack Obama two years prior?
But we might not even get to 2018 if President Trump gets his hands on the nuclear codes. (OK, that's just a little alarmist humor. But still …) You don't have to adore Hillary Clinton, you don't even have to like her. It's certainly a hard pill for me to swallow, considering how long I've been invested in Bernie's movement. But at this point, to not acknowledge her as the best and most realistic chance of continuing this fight is just incredibly shortsighted. To not rally around the Democratic Party, to draw an impossible line in the sand and refuse to consider meeting anyone else halfway, it's no better than the fanatical nihilism of the Tea Party. And it'll produce the same results: gridlock, paralysis, and discord, all while a country under President Trump continues the perennial Republican kamikaze mission of consolidating wealth at the top, ignoring the the needs of the many, and doing absolutely nothing about climate change, overpopulation, and global poverty.
Canonical unleashed yesterday, April 26th, the highly anticipated Precise Pangolin upgrade of its popular Ubuntu operating system, including the Kubuntu 12.04, Xubuntu 12.04 and Lubuntu 12.04 flavors.
Lubuntu 12.04 is an not an LTS (Long Term Support) release, which means it will only be supported for 18 moths.
Dubbed Precise Pangolin, Lubuntu 12.04 is powered by Linux kernel 3.2 and it is distributed as Live CD ISO images (Alternative and Desktop editions) for the 32-bit, 64-bit and PowerPC architectures.
The LXDE based distribution based on Ubuntu 12.04 comes with new artwork, optimized software center and LightDM as the default login manager.
For more details, you can read our Lubuntu 12.04 announcement, and view the screenshot tour provided by Softpedia below.
Download Lubuntu 12.04 right now from Softpedia.
Follow us on Google+
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Transport Secretary Geoff Hoon has said the government is prepared to go "quite a long way" with civil liberties to "stop terrorists killing people". He was responding to criticism of plans for a database of mobile and web records, saying it was needed because terrorists used such communications. By not monitoring this traffic, it would be "giving a licence to terrorists to kill people", he said. Lib Dem MP Julia Goldsworthy queried how far it would undermine freedom. Earlier the government confirmed the controversial plans would not be in the Queen's Speech. On BBC One's Question Time, Mr Hoon said the plans would only extend powers that already exist for ordinary telephone calls, to cover data and information "going across the internet". If they are going to use the internet to communicate with each other and we don't have the power to deal with that, then you are giving a licence to terrorists to kill people
Geoff Hoon
Transport secretary He said the police and security services needed the powers to deal with "terrorists or criminals" using telephones connected to the internet, for "perfectly proper reasons, to protect our society". But the Lib Dems' communities spokeswoman Julia Goldsworthy said it sounded like "something I would expect to read in [George Orwell's book] 1984" and questioned whether the government and councils could be trusted not to misuse the powers. She asked: "How much more control can they have? How far is he prepared to go to undermine civil liberties?" Mr Hoon interjected: "To stop terrorists killing people in our society, quite a long way actually. "If they are going to use the internet to communicate with each other and we don't have the power to deal with that, then you are giving a licence to terrorists to kill people." 'Orwellian' He added: "The biggest civil liberty of all is not to be killed by a terrorist." The plans were condemned as "Orwellian" on Wednesday by the Liberal Democrats and the Conservatives have called on the government to justify proposals for a giant database containing all internet and telephone traffic. Details of the times, dates, duration and locations of mobile phone calls, numbers called, website visited and addresses e-mailed are already stored by telecommunications companies for 12 months under a voluntary agreement. The data can be accessed by police on request but the government plans to take control of the process in order to comply with an EU directive and make it easier for investigators to do their job. Information would be kept for two years by law and may be held centrally on a searchable database. The government had also promised new laws to protect civil liberties. Shadow home secretary Dominic Grieve said pulling all the information together in a central server, to be managed by government, "represents a very profound change in the relationship between the state and the citizen". In a speech on Wednesday Home Secretary Jacqui Smith said a consultation would be held on the controversial plan in the New Year but did not say if it would be dropped from the Queen's Speech which sets out the government's legislative programme for the year ahead However, on Thursday Commons leader Harriet Harman confirmed it would be delayed after calls in the Commons from the Conservatives and Lib Dems for a debate on the draft Communications Data Bill, in which it was due to be outlined. 'No content' She told MPs: "The draft communication bill was in the draft legislative programme and a number of issues and concerns have been raised about it. "The home secretary makes it clear that at all times, on important issues such as these, she wants to listen to what people's concerns are, she wants to consider those concerns, she wants to consult on a bipartisan and wide basis." On Wednesday Ms Smith attempted to reassure people that the content of their e-mails and phone conversations would not be stored and local authorities would not be able to trawl through looking for "lower level criminality". But the proposals came under fire from critics, including the government's own reviewer of anti-terror laws, Lord Carlile, who said it would need "very strict controls".
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these?
When we started developing Ganbatte, we outlined a strategy geared towards an early access release on Steam in Introduction to Ganbatte. We believe that Ganbatte is a very good fit for early access. Some of the things that support this belief include:
Even in its current state, we have a compelling game experience that can be built upon and further enhanced .
Since Ganbatte is a multiplayer VR game , we seek to create and foster a community from the ground up. Early access allows us to be in close contact with that community, providing us a foundation to build upon.
We are so freaking excited about this project, we just want to share our work with as many people as possible, as soon as possible .
Last week, we got confirmation that we will be exhibiting our game at a national videogames tradeshow: Lisbon Games Week. This opportunity came by because of the wonderful non-profit program Indie Dome that allows indie developers to showcase their games.
A Method to our madness
We have some experience in organizing national community events around VR with more than 100 attendees. Logistics can get pretty crazy when you combine VR and indie. Last January, Thomas and I, did a private showcase of an HTC Vive prototype in London, on a budget. We experienced everything from disassembled desktop PC components in cabin luggage, to ordering big items from Amazon, renting a business space for the day, assembling, disassembling and preparing a shipment of the equipment. The sheer madness and the fact that we managed to pull that off still makes us smile.
Tapping from our accumulated wisdom, we deemed necessary to dedicate some time to prepare for the event. The sooner, the better.
Being relatively early opens up possibilities to get budget-friendly solutions while lowering stress and building up our excitement for the event as a team.
Lisbon Games Week and Indie Dome provide a unique opportunity to “fly”(in our case drive) the whole team to a tradeshow and experience and learn about the process of showcasing our game at a public multi-day event. However, in order to showcase a representative version of our game, we need to add features and adapt Ganbatte in order for it to be event friendly. We call this adaptation the “Arcade Mode”, and we're deviating from our production strategy geared towards Steam Early Access to accommodate it.
Having the production of Ganbatte so close to our hearts, it may come as a surprise that we are making a detour. Actually, I wouldn't call it a detour! From our dearest version control jargon, the best term to define what we'll be doing is a branch.
The most important part of our preparation for the event, will be getting the Arcade Mode game built. We held a playtest event recently (The art of VR playtesting – Ganbatte's first contact with external testers!), and we gathered lots of valuable insights to improve our game. However, we also learned that our game was already pretty much showcase worthy. This was great news for our branching strategy! We're addressing the issues that the “Arcade mode” and the “Steam Early Access” branch have in common, and we'll split as soon as possible.
Some considerations for our “Arcade Mode” version of the game are:
Lan/Offline play . Internet access at events is often a Russian Roulette, so if we can avoid relying on it, it will only bring us peace of mind.
Arcade Mode interface flow . Inspired by the way AAA studios make their special event builds, we want to streamline the experience for the tradeshow floor.
Event leaderboard. Because making this build is about creating the best experience we can for our guests/visitors.
Final Considerations
Dividing our efforts in order to create an “Arcade Mode” that will diverge quite significantly from the production build, is a considerable risk for a small team. However, the potential upsides are too good to ignore. We're taking this extra time and focus to learn new skills about publicly showcasing of our game. And most importantly, we are taking the time to create the best quality experience we can for our audience. It feels good knowing that we respect them and we want to deliver a great experience. This is how we feel about our Early Access process as well, we want to give our players a really good time.
So, if you'll be in sunny Lisbon from 16th to the 19th of November, and are curious to try out Ganbatte, drop by the Indie Dome at Lisbon Games Week.
-Daniela
Like this: Like Loading...
There is a psychologist at Harvard Business School who is dutifully working away at solving one of the biggest problems facing knowledge workers today; I am speaking, of course, of the pervasive problem of awkwardness. Over the past several years, Francesca Gino has published academic papers and popular press articles dissecting the particular social discomfort associated with the workplace. Often, her work has focused on networking, or the gentle art of forming relationships with others who work in your field. She's found, for example, that people associate networking with actual disgust; she's also found that the activity becomes markedly more palatable if you focus less on yourself.
Her latest piece, published last week in Harvard Business Review, provides a third tip that is just as useful as the first two: Meeting someone new in a work context will go much more smoothly if only you would stop trying to guess what it is they want from you. In two experiments — one involving students in a laboratory setting and the other involving actual entrepreneurs — Gino and her colleagues find that “catering to another person's interests and expectations, as opposed to behaving authentically, harms performance.” For the study on entrepreneurs, for example, the researchers examined real pitches to potential investors, and found that when entrepreneurs tried to shape their pitches around what they believed their investors wanted, they were less likely to receive funding than those who simply stuck to a truthful depiction of themselves and their ideas.
Likewise, in the lab study, the researchers held a mock job interview, and either told the participating students to try to mold themselves to what it seemed like their interviewer wanted (they called that the “catering” condition) or to behave normally, by presenting their strengths honestly and accurately (this they called the “authenticity” condition). The “interviewer” in this case was a study volunteer, too, who wasn't aware of the purpose of the research. More often than not, the students cast in the role of interviewer told researchers that they'd be less likely to offer the job to the students in the “catering” condition.
One explanation for this: People are generally pretty bad at guessing at what's going on in someone else's head. Research has suggested, for example, that your understanding of what others think of you is more informed by your own opinions of yourself than the feedback that others provide. (Perhaps this can help explain the depressing study out this summer, which announced that “Half Your Friends Probably Don't Think of You As a Friend.”)
Beyond that, in the fake job-interview experiment, the interviewees were also asked how nervous they felt, and those in the catering condition reported more anxiety than those in the authenticity condition. So: Trying to guess what a job interviewer or potential investor wants out of you will probably make you nervous, and, chances are, you'll guess wrong, anyway. As so often is the case, the best advice is the simplest — just be you. Or, at least, a slightly-more-pulled-together and generally-on-top-of-things version of you.
Most Americans don't think much about the stock market, and that's just fine with Wall Street. Because once you wake up to how screwed up the stock market really is, the financial industry knows you're likely to get very nervous and take your money out.
Many are catching on: between 2007 and 2014, investors pulled $345bn from the stock market. E-Trades are down and worries are up, with 73% of Americans still not inclined to buy stocks, five years after the financial crisis.
No wonder "investor confidence" – the mass delusion that the stock market is trustworthy – has been in short supply this year. Nothing has done more to decimate it than Michael Lewis's new book, Flash Boys, which focuses on the predatory behavior of high-frequency trading. Nobody – including Congress – cared much about the "high-tech predator stalking the equity markets" before Flash Boys hit the bestseller list, reaching beyond the walled garden of the financial industry into American dining rooms and Washington hearing chambers. It didn't leave all spring.
So last week, Washington featured a lot of handwringings, in two separate Congressional panels, about how to convince Average Joe investors that the stock market is their friend – even when it obviously isn't. And it's great that elected officials and Wall Street millionaires are talking about investor confidence. But they're not talking about what really matters: investor protection. Guaranteeing that everyone gets a fair shake. Un-rigging the stock market.
Yet in Congress, the worry is all about appearances.
"We've heard a consistent message, and that's that there is a lack of confidence in the [stock] markets," Senator Carl Levin said on Tuesday to open his Senate investigations subcommittee panel inspired by Flash Boys. New York Stock Exchange president Tom Farley echoed that sentiment, testifying that participation of US citizens in the stock market is at a 16-year low – and blaming regular investors for simply not believing enough: "We think the reason for that is [lack of] confidence in the markets."
Let's get one thing straight: Investor confidence is not the problem. The screwed-up stock market is the problem. It's time to break down the polite fiction that investing in the stock market is something that sane, rational, sensible people do. It is a high-risk contact sport for your money.
If you know that, you're ahead of the game.
And the more you read about the new game in town, the more nervous you should get about high-frequency trading (HFT).
Rich, elite traders are making millions of dollars in bonuses by using super-fast computers to swoop into the stock market and conduct trades in milliseconds, faster than even most professionals and certainly faster than any Average Joe. The HFT industry – a collection of stock exchanges, hedge funds, banks and others that has actually been around for six years – collects billions of dollars in profits: the kind of money you just can't earn unless you elbow someone else out of the way. Numerous studies show that Flash Boys-style trades affect stock prices and increase fees for long-term investors. The New York state attorney general even has a nickname for it – "Insider Trading 2.0" – and now would-be investors are starting to realize, once again, just how much the decks are stacked against them.
As Senator Elizabeth Warren noted at her Senate panel on Wednesday, one high-frequency trading firm, Virtu, made a profit on 1,237 out of 1,238 trading days. "You know, this isn't trading," Warren said. "Traders have good days and bad days... but high-frequency traders have only good days."
Nice work if you can get it.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Congress likes to put on a show for its electorate every now and then, which is why a stream of 'experts' like Brad Katsuyama wafted through testimony to assure you that your money is still safest in stocks. But sometimes the performance gets to be too much. Photograph: Chip Somodevilla / Getty
Brad Katsuyama is the founder of an alternative stock exchange called IEX. He's also the hero of Flash Boys. When the book came out, he explicitly said on CNBC, a financial news channel that's piped into most investment banks, "I believe the market is rigged." (He left it to Lewis to tell that to Average Joes on 60 Minutes and elsewhere, including these pages.)
Yet last week, confronted under oath in a public forum on Senator Levin's panel, Katsuyama started to waffle, equivocating that "'rigged' is a loaded word".
His Wall Street face didn't match his Main Street face. No surprise there. The US stock market depends entirely on the ignorance of regular people who are supposed to just shovel their money into retirement funds and 401(k)s, pay a whopping one-third of your retirement in fees to high-priced managers, and never whisper a complaint.
Perhaps above all, last week's dog-and-pony show in Washington revealed that Congress is still too afraid to call out Wall Street on its hypocrisy – that even if you did file a complaint, Washington would never take it very high up the Flash Boy food chain.
While Farley, the New York Stock Exchange president, was on the stand in front of Senators, bemoaning the effect of HFT trading on investor confidence, the NYSE was busy collecting fees from on those very same high-tech firms for giving them access to faster trades and better servers. One such fast "pipe" for quicker trading allows the NYSE to charge hedge funds $40,000 a month – each! – to do basic deals. Other firms trotted out their executives crying crocodile tears about the unfairness for regular investors ... while they palmed handfuls of cash from the souped-up rigging machine. That's what's called a conflict of interest, and there are hundreds of cozy arrangements that benefit big Wall Street traders with regular people none the wiser.
That's why the summer of our high-speed discontent is not about wondering why regular investors don't trust the market. It's a wonder that anyone does at all.
Via emergency lending mechanisms recently released data shows that 111 banks the fed tried to keep alive via emergency lending procedures ultimately failed.
Please consider the New York Times article Fed Help Kept Banks Afloat, Until It Didn't
During the frenetic months of the financial crisis, the Federal Reserve stretched the limits of its legal authority by lending money to more than 100 banks that subsequently failed.
The loans through the so-called discount window transformed a little-used program for banks that run low on cash into a source of long-term financing for troubled institutions, some of which borrowed regularly from the Fed for more than a year.
The central bank took little risk in making the loans, protecting itself by demanding large amounts of collateral. But propping up failing banks can increase the eventual cleanup costs for the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation because it keeps struggling banks afloat, allowing them to get even deeper in debt. It also can clog the arteries of the financial system, tying up money in banks that are no longer making new loans.
The discount window is a basic feature of the central bank's original design, intended to mitigate bank runs and other cash squeezes. But access to it historically has been limited to healthy banks with short-term problems.
Those limits moved from custom to law in 1991, when Congress formally restricted the Fed's ability to help to fail banks. A Congressional investigation found that more than 300 banks that failed between 1985 and 1991 owed money to the Fed at the time of their failure. Critics said the Fed's lending had increased the cost of those failures.
The central bank was chastened for a generation but in 2007, facing a new banking crisis, the Fed once again started to broaden access to the discount window. It reduced the cost of borrowing and started offering loans for longer terms of up to 30 days.
More than one thousand banks have taken advantage. A review of federal data, including records the Fed released last week, shows that at least 111 of those banks subsequently failed. Eight owed the Fed money on the day they failed, including Washington Mutual, the largest failed bank in American history.
Charles Calomiris, a finance professor at Columbia University who has studied discount window lending during previous crises, said the Fed had not released enough information for the public to determine whether some of the recipients were propped up inappropriately and should have been allowed to fail more quickly.
Marvin Goodfriend, a professor of economics at Carnegie Mellon University, said that such lending placed the Fed in the inappropriate position of deciding the fate of individual banks, choices that he said should be made by elected officials.
“What I think is the lesson from this is that the Congress needs to clarify the boundaries of independent Fed credit policy,” Professor Goodfriend said. “There should be a mechanism so that the Fed doesn't have to make these decisions on behalf of taxpayers.”
Boundaries are Not the Problem
Fed Uncertainty Principle Revisited
Uncertainty Principle Corollary Number Two : The government/quasi-government body most responsible for creating this mess (the Fed), will attempt a big power grab, purportedly to fix whatever problems it creates. The bigger the mess it creates, the more power it will attempt to grab. Over time this leads to dangerously concentrated power into the hands of those who have already proven they do not know what they are doing.
Uncertainty Principle Corollary Number Four : The Fed simply does not care whether its actions are illegal or not. The Fed is operating under the principle that it's easier to get forgiveness than permission. And forgiveness is just another means to the desired power grab it is seeking.
FDIC 's Role in the Mess
Notice the misguided policies of the Fed and FDIC. By preventing all bank runs for decades, the Fed instilled an artificial and undeserved confidence in banks.
It would be far better to disclose banks in trouble, let them go under one at a time quickly, rather than have a gigantic systemic mess at one time.
Secrecy, in conjunction with fractional reserve lending is an exceptionally toxic brew. Overnight trust can change on a dime, system-wide, and it did.
Moreover, by keeping poor banks alive (and my poster-boy for this is Chicago-based Corus Bank for making massive amounts of construction loans to build Florida condos), more money pours into failed institutions further increasing toxic loans.
Failure of FDIC
FDIC is a part of the problem. When the government guarantees deposits, everyone believes in every bank no matter how poorly they are run or what risks those banks poses. No one has any incentive to seek a bank with good lending practices. Instead they seek a bank that pays the highest yield because it is guaranteed.
Driving deposits to banks that take the most risk is no way to run a system. Yet, that is precisely what the FDIC does, up to the FDIC limit of course.
People look at FDIC as a big success because there was no crisis for decades. Instead, we had one gigantic crisis culminate at once, hardly a fair tradeoff for periods of artificially low problems.
FDIC is Fraudulent
No only is FDIC a problem, it is outright fraudulent to guarantee deposits that cannot possibly be guaranteed in a fractional reserve Ponzi-scheme system.
The broadcast news networks—ABC, CBS and NBC—have aired exactly one report on the Dakota Access Pipeline protests since the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe began an encampment against the project in April, according to a search of the Nexis news database. That report, read by Anne-Marie Green, aired on the CBS Morning News at 4 a.m. on September 5. Here it is in its entirety:
National Public Radio reports violence during demonstrations against a proposed oil pipeline in North Dakota. Protestors confronted workers Saturday at a construction site. Police say four private security guards and two guard dogs were hurt. Tribal officials say the construction destroyed an Indian burial ground and cultural sites.
Those 48 words are a one-sided retelling of an NPR report (“Dakota Access Pipeline Protests in North Dakota Turn Violent,” 9/4/16), which in turn gets most of its information, as well as its anti-protester spin, from an AP story, “Oil Pipeline Protest Turns Violent in North Dakota” (9/4/16).
But the report on NPR‘s website also contains video footage from Amy Goodman of Democracy Now! (9/4/16), who—apparently unlike any of her colleagues from network TV—thought the largest mobilization of indigenous activists against environmental degradation was worth reporting on. Goodman's footage shows the construction project's security guards wielding pepper spray and deploying attack dogs to provoke and injure demonstrators—violence on the part of the pipeline authorities that got left out of CBS‘s rip-and-read on the protests.
Also missing from what is so far the entirety of broadcast TV news' coverage of the Dakota Access protest is any mention of the threat the pipeline poses to water resources—the pipeline crosses the Missouri River just half a mile north of the Standing Rock Sioux reservation—or the climate destruction facilitated by pipelines designed to ship fracked oil out to consumers.
But I suppose that if you're only going to give a story 48 words of coverage, at four o'clock on a single morning, there's only so much you can say.
Jim Naureckas is the editor of FAIR.org. You can follow him on Twitter at @JNaureckas.
Taipei, Sept. 20 (CNA) The sun was still shining in parts of southern Taiwan early Saturday but local authorities were on high alert as Tropical Storm Fung-Wong slowly made its way toward that part of the island from the northern Philippines.
Precipitation will fall mainly in the southern and eastern parts of Taiwan Saturday before rain will be seen throughout the country Sunday, according to the Central Weather Bureau.
There is concern that the storm's unusual path could mean serious damage to the western part of Taiwan.
Fung-Wong's projected route suggest that the eye of the storm is likely to make landfall and that the entire island could be engulfed in stormy winds and heavy rain, the bureau said.
While all regions of Taiwan should step up their preparations for the storm, the coastal plains in the western half face greater threats than usual because of their lack of shelter from Fung-Wong, the bureau said.
Records show that tyhpoons or the less powerful tropical storms that affect Taiwan usually approach from the east, the southeast or the northeast and their ability to cause damage often diminishes as their structure is broken up by the mountain ranges that lie along the length of the island.
In the southernmost county of Pingtung, schools and offices of six townships were closed Saturday as swells began to appear along the coast and scattered showers turned into steady rain.
The weather station in the county's Hengchun Township said that winds are expected to pick up and rain to get heavy in the evening, when the outer rim of the storm circle is likely to touch land in southern Taiwan.
The weather bureau has warned of torrential rain for Pingtung and neighboring Taitung County in southeastern Taiwan.
Further north in Kaohsiung and Tainan, where flooding has occurred in recent years, the authorities were busy preparing for evacuations and other emergency work.
(By Wang Shu-fen, Kuo Chu-chen and Jay Chen; click here for the updated story)
Enditem
The house that haunts my imagination is a small wooden cabin on a snow-covered hillside in Sogn go Fjordane, on the coast of Norway. It appears to be about 8ft x 12ft; its gabled roof is covered in vegetation; smoke drifts from a narrow chimney. And then there's the view: it looks out over a vast, fir-covered valley and to the mountain beyond, so high it vanishes into clouds. The only problem with my plan to go and live in this cabin – which I found, among hundreds of others, on a photoblog entitled Cabin Porn – is that it already belongs to someone else. Actually, that's not the only problem. Travelling there, or travelling to anywhere else from there, would be prohibitively expensive. The isolation from friends and family could be tough, and earning an income might be impossible; I bet you can't get broadband, either. But at the end of a frazzled day at my desk, fielding emails and phone calls, and despairing at my lengthening to-do list, such obstacles don't register, and I once again start plotting an escape to "my" tiny cabin. Part of the appeal, certainly, is that it's in the mountains, far from the cacophony of the city. But the other major draw is that it's tiny.
I know I'm not alone in finding tiny homes so weirdly compelling. People have lived in very small spaces since the dawn of civilisation, of course, whether out of necessity or monkish self-denial. But it is only very recently – in the last decade, according to Greg Johnson, co-founder of the US-based Small House Society, and a self-described "claustrophile" – that tiny-home appreciation has congealed into a movement. Its hardcore members buy homes from designers such as Jay Shafer, who runs the Tumbleweed Tiny House Company, and who will sell you a wooden bungalow with 99 square feet of floor space, easily transportable on a trailer, for £8,900. (If you'd rather build it yourself, he'll sell you the plans for about £60.) The movement's hangers-on, like me, just slaver over a burgeoning number of tiny home blogs, including not just Cabin Porn but also the Tiny House Blog, the Tiny Life and This Tiny House. "I have never met a link promising a teeny tiny home that I was not compelled to click on," a fellow addict, the writer Emily Badger, admitted on the Atlantic Monthly's website the other day.
Mendocino, California, USA. Photograph: Foster Huntingdon
"People do seem to be really attracted to the idea of the lifestyle," says Johnson, who lived in a 10ft x 7ft house – built by Shafer – for six years from 2003. "We hear a lot from people who you know won't ever make the jump. But they love thinking about it." A piece of fan mail received at Cabin Porn vividly conveys this: "Thank you for this, it is the only site on the internet that I have ever found therapeutic. I am an anxious office worker living in the suburbs. Scrolling through the cabins releases physical tensions in my upper back."
There are several very down-to-earth reasons why a resurgence of interest in very small homes should be happening now. When last month New York's mayor, Michael Bloomberg, announced a competition for developers to design 300 square feet "micro-units", it was a response to high rents and the rise in one-person households; newly-built British homes are the smallest in Europe, primarily because home-builders make the most cash that way. The rural wing of the tiny homes movement, meanwhile, is motivated primarily by environmental concerns. How much more lightly can you tread on the planet than by having only one room to heat, and no space to accumulate the detritus of the modern consumer economy?
North of Vancouver, Canada. Photograph: Kim Hadley
But there's something else, too, which may admittedly be a luxury limited to those who don't have to live in extremely cramped spaces from economic necessity – a deeper, quasi-spiritual pull towards the small. The lure of a cabin in the mountains might seem, at first, like straightforward luddism: the urge to escape to somewhere slower and quieter. But you could do that in a big country house, too, and we tiny-home fantasisers don't fantasise about those. Besides, some of the most alluring tiny homes are technological marvels. Their kitchen areas glide smoothly away to reveal beds or desks; a German prototype called the Roll It is a home in the shape of a tube that, as it rolls over, becomes a bedroom, study or kitchen. Interior designer Nicolette Toussaint thinks of a good tiny home like a swiss army knife – a marvel of compact design. "I get a thrill when a piece of furniture I have measured and chosen drops perfectly into its allotted spot, wasting no space and looking as though it was created to be there," she writes.
Thanks to iPads, MP3 players and Kindles, even the most compact lounge can be equipped with massive libraries of films, music and books. "Technology has allowed us to downsize our lives without giving up so much," Johnson says. And technology means solitude need no longer entail utter loneliness. My perfect cabin would be in the middle of nowhere, but it would also have excellent Wi-Fi, for regular Skypeing with friends.
Barra de Valizas, Uruguay. Photograph: Ficover
Perhaps what really explains the lure is something subtler than luddism: a desire to live on a scale you can get your head around. "Life has become extremely complicated," says Mimi Zeiger, author of a book entitled Tiny Houses, "and the idea that you might be able to compact an entire life into something so easily manageable has great appeal." In a tiny home in the country, unencumbered by endless household management, you're free to plunge into the landscape – and in a very small house, you really are in the landscape, not looking out at it. In the perfect tiny urban home, you'd have all you needed for city living at a fraction of the normal cost, leaving you freer to enjoy the life of the city itself.
"But you can't do any of that if you have children!": Johnson hears this from sceptics a lot and it's true that, now he's married with a child, his family has moved to a somewhat larger space. But it shouldn't be a competition, where the smallest house wins, he insists. Shafer will sell you a three-bed tiny home, admittedly a bit less tiny at 843 square feet, for £35,600. Or, like the rest of us who long for the minuscule life without ever quite pursuing it, you can just keep dreaming your impossibly tiny dream.
This article contains affiliate links, which means we may earn a small commission if a reader clicks through and makes a purchase. All our journalism is independent and is in no way influenced by any advertiser or commercial initiative.
The links are powered by Skimlinks. By clicking on an affiliate link, you accept that Skimlinks cookies will be set. More information.
Delta Air Lines has apologized for failing to eject a Donald Trump supporter from one of its flights after he yelled at other passengers, calling some of the women on the plane "Hillary b - - - - - s."
The airline says he'll never be allowed to fly Delta again, and that it's refunding every passenger on that flight the full price of their tickets.
The unnamed passenger was on a flight from Atlanta headed to Allentown, PA, last Tuesday night when he was captured on a video that has since gone viral. More than 2.2 million have viewed it since it was posted on Facebook.
"Donald Trump, baby," he shouts while standing in the aisle, clapping his hands above his head.
"That's right, this man knows what's up," he said pointing to one passenger. "We got some Hillary b - - - - - s on here?"
"Donald Trump is your president, every God damn one of you," he says at the end of the 45-second video. "If you don't like it, too bad."
Related: How to fly for Thanksgiving without freaking out
Delta CEO Ed Bastian sent a letter to Delta employees Monday saying that the airline made a mistake by allowing the abusive passenger to remain on the flight.
"This individual displayed behavior that was loud, rude and disrespectful to his fellow customers," he wrote. "After questioning the customer, our team members made the best decision they could have given the information they had and allowed him to remain on the flight. However, if our colleagues had witnessed firsthand what was shown in the video, there is no question they would have removed him from the aircraft. He will never again be allowed on a Delta plane."
Related: Chicago O'Hare airport workers to strike on Nov. 29
Bastian said it is important that the airline admit its mistakes when one is made.
"The heightened tension in our society means that now more than ever we must require civility on our planes and in our facilities," he said. "We must stay true to Delta's core values and treat one another with dignity and respect. We also must remain committed more than ever to the safety of our customers and our crew members. We will not tolerate anything less."
Orlando City SC goalkeeper Earl Edwards Jr. was named to the USL All-League Second Team today, after his stellar season on loan with Orlando City B.
The 2015 MLS SuperDraft 3rd round pick played played 23 games with Orlando's USL team through most of the 2017 season. Despite missing nine of the final 11 games after being called up to the MLS team, Edwards still managed to finish top 10 in saves, top five in clean sheets and finish with a 75% save success rate and a 1.13 goals against average.
Edwards, who has been with the Lions since 2015, was able to get a full season of games under his belt for the first time as a professional. For his first two years with Orlando, he served as a backup to Tally Hall and Joe Bendik, biding his time and learning from seasoned veterans. 2017 served as Edwards proving grounds, as he took the league by storm. After a slow start out the gates, the keeper helped guide OCB to a 12-game unbeaten run, in which he had six clean sheets.
Edwards was also named USL Player of the Month for August, where he posted three shutouts in five games played, saving 88% of the shots that he faced.
For the MLS side, Edwards had played sparingly in U.S. Open Cup matches and friendlies in 2015 and 2016, finally playing in a league match in the last game this season in Philadelphia. Now looking ahead to next season, the 25-year-old will have lots to build on as he continues to improve in the professional game.
Cris Collinsworth has published his very first mock draft and taken his first stab at who he thinks the Jacksonville Jaguars will pick with the No. 5 overall pick. The prediction has almost always been Jalen Ramsey or Myles Jack, with that pick being largely up to whom the Tennessee Titans pick at No. 1 overall.
But in his first mock draft, the Titans aren't even picking at No. 1.
Instead, Collinsworth believes the Titans give up the No. 1 pick to the Los Angeles Rams in exchange for the No. 15 pick and undisclosed later picks. The Rams grab North Dakota State quarterback Carson Wentz, giving Jeff Fisher the quarterback that will launch their franchise in Southern California.
Now at No. 5, the Jaguars have their pickings over nearly whomever they want with the Cleveland Browns picking Jared Goff, the San Diego Chargers picking Laremy Tunsil, and the Dallas Cowboys picking Joey Bosa. Who does Collinsworth think we pick?
5. Jacksonville Jaguars: Jalen Ramsey, CB, Florida State Like Tyrann Mathieu or Byron Jones, Ramsey can play any position in the secondary. His versatility creates so many options for Jacksonville. My guess is Ramsey will play cornerback in base defense and then see multiple roles in nickel-and-dime situations. His size makes him too valuable against bigger receivers to move inside, but Ramsey would sure look good covering tight ends or blitzing off the edge on key third downs. At 6-1 and 208 pounds, he has rare size for those difficult match-ups against bigger receivers or tight ends flanked out. Ramsey is a big hitter who escapes blocks with a flair. It would not surprise me to see Ramsey go anywhere in the top five picks, but if he falls lower than No. 5, that would be stunning.
With their new No. 15 overall pick, the Titans select wide receiver Josh Doctson, the Indianapolis Colts pick defensive lineman A'Shawn Robinson at No. 18 overall, and the Houston Texans get running back Ezekiel Elliot with the No. 22 overall pick.
Some parts of this page will not display.
JavaScript is not available in this browser or may be turned off.
The Government of Alberta has turned over to the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) copies of all files and reports from its investigation into the wildfire that swept into the Town of Slave Lake on May 15.
“Our investigation into the origin of that fire ruled out everything but arson as a probable cause,” Sustainable Resource Development (SRD) Minister Frank Oberle said. “As a result, we have delivered our findings to the RCMP to determine if a criminal investigation is the next step.”
SRD identifies the cause of all wildfires that occur in the province's Forest Protection Area (FPA) and investigates those believed to result from human activity. About half of the approximately 1,600 wildfires that typically ignite in the FPA each year are caused by lightning strikes; the other half arise from human actions such as unattended campfires, debris burning and industrial activity like gas flaring or slash burning.
The investigation of the cause of the Slave Lake wildfire took five months to complete and involved extensive onsite and offsite work to gather evidence according to internationally accepted standards for wildfire investigations.
“Our investigation took the time required to protect, collect, analyze and document evidence to the rigorous standards required for presentation in a court of law,” Oberle said.
The fire that burned into the Town of Slave Lake and nearby Poplar Estates was one of 45 to strike the Lesser Slave Lake Area between May 13 and 16. The 4,700-hectare fire began southeast of the Town on May 14, caused its 7,000 residents to be evacuated and eventually destroyed about 400 structures, mostly homes.
The wildfire caused an estimated $700 million in damages - the second-most-costly insured-damage disaster in Canadian history, behind the Quebec ice storm of 1998.
-30-
Map/Backgrounder: Wildfire investigations follow internationally accepted criteria
Media inquiries may be directed to:
Duncan MacDonnell
Public Affairs Officer
Sustainable Resource Development
780-427-8636
duncan.macdonnell@gov.ab.ca
To call toll free within Alberta dial 310-0000.
Backgrounder
Wildfire investigation: questions and answers
When did Sustainable Resource Development (SRD) locate the starting point of the fire?
Local municipal firefighters, with support from SRD, were immediately at the general area of origin of what is classified as Fire 65. Wildfire investigators were requested and dispatched immediately.
Who directed investigators to the starting point, and why?
The first firefighters to arrive at the site recognized it as the general area of origin, based on training fire personnel receive to identify the source of a fire and protect the scene for any investigation that may follow. Based on their training, they also recognized that the fire may have been caused by human activity and that a dedicated investigator should take over the scene.
What qualifications do fire investigators have?
Investigators must be qualified to the internationally accepted fire investigation training program, FI-210 - a comprehensive wildfire origin and cause determination process fundamental to wildfire investigations. Senior investigators also complete the more advanced FI-310 program on case development, management and organization for larger, more complex wildland fire investigations.
What process was followed at the scene of Fire 65's origin?
Investigators followed a systematic and scientific approach consistent with the National Fire Protection Association's guide for fire and explosion investigations and its standard for professional qualifications for fire investigators, as well as SRD's wildfire investigation handbook and standards.
What are some of the elements of that process?
Among the main factors addressed by these advanced investigations are date and time of the incident, weather conditions, the size and complexity of the fire and the security of the scene of origin.
How did investigators proceed?
Indicators were followed to identify the general point of the fire's origin, then a grid search of the area was conducted to identify and gather accurate data and facts pertaining to events, in order to begin eliminating potential causes.
What evidence was collected?
Specific evidence related to this fire cannot be shared while the file is under RCMP review.
How long did the work continue?
The field work was conducted over five months. Investigative work to gather facts, data and evidence occurred onsite and offsite.
What happened when the field work was completed?
The wildfire investigation report was completed in late October and submitted to Compliance and Investigations staff at SRD's Provincial Forest Fire Centre for review. Once the decision was made to ask RCMP to consider a criminal investigation, copies of the report and all relevant files were delivered to the RCMP on October 31.
What does the report contain?
The report addresses the who, what, where, when, why and how of the fire's origin. The report also includes investigator and first responder notes, the initial fire report and initial fire message, all statements and photographs taken, a detailed sketch map and a statement of how other potential causes were eliminated.
How many wildfires does Sustainable Resource Development investigate each year?
SRD investigates all fires in the Forest Protection Area for cause. The number varies each year; in the past five years, Alberta averaged 1,581 wildfires per year.
How many of those fires are human-caused?
About half of the wildland fires each year in Alberta are caused by human activity, including actions by property residents, recreationists and industry. The other half are caused by lightning strikes.
How many fires are considered arson?
Relatively few, compared to the total number of fires each year in the province. In the past five years, 25 wildfires in Alberta were determined to be arson related.
-30-
Media inquiries may be directed to:
Duncan MacDonnell
Public Affairs Officer
Sustainable Resource Development
780-427-8636
duncan.macdonnell@gov.ab.ca
To call toll free within Alberta dial 310-0000.
Story highlights An aid worker describes widespread chronic malnutrition in the countryside
Because of the planned rocket launch, the U.S. is withholding food aid
White House officials suggest their hands are tied by North Korea's actions
Some observers question whether food aid should have been linked to a missile ban
David Austin is one of the few outsiders who has seen firsthand how people live in the North Korean countryside, and he describes a population "lethargic" from malnutrition.
Just two weeks ago, he visited an orphanage as part of his work as the North Korea program director for the relief organization Mercy Corps.
He said the last protein children had eaten was in January -- eggs.
"That tells us not only are they not getting a balanced diet but in terms of the rations, they're getting only about 60% of what a child needs," he said.
Austin describes widespread severe malnourishment and "an entire generation" that is "stunted physically, developmentally because of chronic malnutrition."
According to Austin, in seven visits since 2007, he has been to dozens of orphanages and hospitals and more than 19 private homes.
He says he is troubled that the United States plans to call off a massive shipment of food aid as a result of the anticipated rocket launch by North Korea between now and Monday.
Photos: Photos: A glimpse inside North Korea Photos: Photos: A glimpse inside North Korea A glimpse inside North Korea – North Korean citizens bow before the portraits of the founding father Kim Il-Sung, left, and his son Kim Jong-Il, in Pyongyang, North Korea on Monday, April 9, 2012. April 15 marked the 100-year anniversary of the founder's birth and journalists were allowed inside the country. Hide Caption 1 of 18 Photos: Photos: A glimpse inside North Korea A glimpse inside North Korea – North Korean technicians check the Unha-3 rocket at Tangachai-ri space center on Sunday, April 8. Hide Caption 2 of 18 Photos: Photos: A glimpse inside North Korea A glimpse inside North Korea – A controller is seen from the window of a train along the railway on the west coast Sunday. A controversial missile launch is expected to take place in the coming days. Pyongyang insists it has no bad intentions and invited foreign journalists to view its launch site. Hide Caption 3 of 18 Photos: Photos: A glimpse inside North Korea A glimpse inside North Korea – Citizens dance on Monday during a rehearsal for the commemoration of Kim Il-Sung's 100th birthday anniversary. Japan, the United States and South Korea see the launch -- which would violate U.N. Security Council resolutions -- as a cover for a long-range ballistic missile test. And a South Korean intelligence report says it's likely to precede a nuclear test, as it did in 2006 and 2009. Hide Caption 4 of 18 Photos: Photos: A glimpse inside North Korea A glimpse inside North Korea – North Korean soldiers are seen from the window of a train along the railway heading from Pyongyang to the North Pyongan Province on the west coast. Hide Caption 5 of 18 Photos: Photos: A glimpse inside North Korea A glimpse inside North Korea – A woman plays the piano and entertains in a downtown Pyongyang restaurant. U.S. President Obama said the real consequence for North Korea, should it go through with the launch, is that the country's leaders will miss an opportunity. "I hope that at some point the North Koreans make the decision that it is in their interests to figure out how to feed their people and improve their economy rather than have big parades where they show off weapons," he said in March. Hide Caption 6 of 18 Photos: Photos: A glimpse inside North Korea A glimpse inside North Korea – Two women on the the train prepare food for the journalists traveling across the country. Hide Caption 7 of 18 Photos: Photos: A glimpse inside North Korea A glimpse inside North Korea – The dress rehearsal for the celebration continues in the capital. Hide Caption 8 of 18 Photos: Photos: A glimpse inside North Korea A glimpse inside North Korea – A pin with the face of Kim Il-Sung is affixed to the uniform of a North Korean soldier standing guard at the space center in Pyongyang on Wednesday, April 11. Hide Caption 9 of 18 Photos: Photos: A glimpse inside North Korea A glimpse inside North Korea – A woman ties the branches of apple trees on a farm near Pyongyang on Tuesday, April 10. Hide Caption 10 of 18 Photos: Photos: A glimpse inside North Korea A glimpse inside North Korea – Workers and farms are seen through the window of a train as it passes through the country. Hide Caption 11 of 18 Photos: Photos: A glimpse inside North Korea A glimpse inside North Korea – Bicycles line the road as citizens work the land between Pyongyang and the North Phyongan province. Hide Caption 12 of 18 Photos: Photos: A glimpse inside North Korea A glimpse inside North Korea – A North Korean soldier is seen from the window of a train as he walks near a small town along the railway heading from Pyongyang to the North Pyongan Province on the west coast. Hide Caption 13 of 18 Photos: Photos: A glimpse inside North Korea A glimpse inside North Korea – Employees work in a textile factory in Pyongyang. Hide Caption 14 of 18 Photos: Photos: A glimpse inside North Korea A glimpse inside North Korea – People line the street as they wait for a bus. Hide Caption 15 of 18 Photos: Photos: A glimpse inside North Korea A glimpse inside North Korea – A dance troupe performs during the opening ceremony of the Spring Arts Festival in Pyongyang. Hide Caption 16 of 18 Photos: Photos: A glimpse inside North Korea A glimpse inside North Korea – A band performs during the opening of the Spring Arts Festival. Hide Caption 17 of 18 Photos: Photos: A glimpse inside North Korea A glimpse inside North Korea – A building adorned with a huge portrait of the late president Kim Il-Sung is cleaned by workers in Pyongyang. Hide Caption 18 of 18
JUST WATCHED What N. Korea's rocket tells the world Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH What N. Korea's rocket tells the world 01:57
JUST WATCHED North Korean rocket launch looms Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH North Korean rocket launch looms 03:32
JUST WATCHED N. Korea launch is 'internal politics' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH N. Korea launch is 'internal politics' 02:47
Pyongyang insists that the rocket is necessary to put a weather satellite in orbit, but Washington and Seoul consider it a ballistic missile test in disguise. Such launches by North Korea breach U.N. Security Council resolutions.
Under a recent food deal with the United States, North Korea agreed to refrain from long range missile launches and nuclear tests. In exchange, the United States would provide what Austin described as a year's worth of corn-soy porridge mixed with vegetable oil for children younger than 10 and pregnant women.
The food "wouldn't taste delicious but it saves lives," Austin said, noting that it would have helped 2.4 million people.
At the White House, President Barack Obama's aides suggest their hands are tied after Pyongyang announced the launch just weeks after the food deal was agreed.
The North Koreans' "blatant disregard for their commitments makes it impossible for the United States to provide the nutritional assistance that it had hoped to provide for the North Korean people," said Jay Carney, the White House press secretary.
Some observers have doubts about the White House's approach.
"I have real questions about whether we should have linked humanitarian food assistance to the nuclear missile program in the first place," said Mike Green, who was senior director for Asian affairs at the National Security Council during the Bush administration. "It is not the fault of the average North Korean who needs the food, who is at starvation level, that the regime is developing nuclear missiles."
He said the threatened missile launch was a "provocation that should have been predictable."
But Green acknowledged that if the North Koreans flaunt the deal, sending the food "would be a political liability for the administration at home, and it would look weak internationally."
Austin of Mercy Corps was careful not to criticize the Obama administration. But he did say the administration had previously made it clear it would send food to North Korea if there was a verified need for that aid.
"We know there is a need and we know we can meet the need. As a humanitarian organization we are saying there is an opportunity to do that," Austin said. "I don't want to assign blame. But I'm saying there is an opportunity to engage positively and constructively with a group of people the White House describes as innocent and starving, and we can do that."
The Associated Press, citing militants and an unidentified senior official, reported Monday from Islamabad, Pakistan, that Pakistani troops had seized a former Lashkar camp, in the Pakistani part of Kashmir, that is now used by the group's charity wing, Jamaat-ud-Dawa. “More than 12 people” were arrested, The Associated Press said.
The official who spoke to The New York Times gave no details about the operation he confirmed, Pakistan's first known response against the group implicated in Mumbai. “The government of Pakistan has always said it would act on any evidence that is presented to us,” said the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to discuss details about security operations. “We will make sure that nobody uses Pakistani territory to carry out militant activity.”
While Al Qaeda has provided financing and other support to Lashkar in the past, their links today remain murky. Senior Qaeda figures have used Lashkar safe houses as hide-outs, but Lashkar has not merged its operations with Al Qaeda or adopted the Qaeda brand, as did an Algerian terrorist group that changed its name to Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb, American officials said.
Unlike Osama bin Laden and his top lieutenants, who have been forced to retreat to mountain redoubts in western Pakistan's tribal areas, Lashkar commanders have been able to operate more or less in the open, behind the public face of a popular charity, with the implicit support of official Pakistani patrons, American officials said.
American and Indian officials believe that one senior Lashkar commander in particular, Zarrar Shah, is one of the group's primary liaisons to the ISI. Investigators in India are also examining whether Mr. Shah, a communications specialist, helped plan and carry out the attacks in Mumbai. “He's a central character in this plot,” an American official said.
For years, American intelligence analysts have described Lashkar as a group with deadly, yet limited, ambitions in South Asia. But terrorism experts said it clearly had been inspired by the success of Al Qaeda in rallying supporters for a global jihad.
“This is a group that years ago evolved from having a local and parochial agenda and bought into Al Qaeda's vision,” said Bruce Hoffman, a professor and terrorism expert at Georgetown University who has followed Lashkar closely for several years.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Lashkar-e-Taiba, which means “army of the pure,” was founded more than 20 years ago with the help of Pakistani intelligence officers as a proxy force to challenge Indian control of Muslim-dominated Kashmir.
Indian officials have publicly implicated Lashkar operatives in a July 2006 attack on commuter trains in Mumbai and in a December 2001 attack against the Indian Parliament. But in recent years, Lashkar fighters have turned up in Afghanistan and Iraq, fighting and killing Americans, senior American military officials have said.
As American, European and Middle Eastern governments crack down on Al Qaeda's finances, Lashkar still has a flourishing fund-raising organization in South Asia and the Persian Gulf region, including Saudi Arabia, counterterrorism officials say. The group primarily uses Jamaat-ud-Dawa to raise money, ostensibly for causes in Pakistan.
Photo
The Mumbai attacks, which included foreigners among its targets, seemed to fit the group's evolving emphasis and determination to elevate its profile in the global jihadist constellation.
Lashkar also has a history of using local extremist groups for knowledge and tactics in its operations. Investigators in Mumbai are following leads suggesting that Lashkar used the Students' Islamic Movement of India, a fundamentalist group that advocates establishing an Islamic state in India, for early reconnaissance and logistical help.
An Indian man arrested in connection with the attacks, Fahim Ahmad Ansari, had been described beforehand by Indian newspaper reports as a former member of the Students' Islamic Movement who met with Lashkar operatives in Dubai in 2003.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
American officials said investigators were looking closely at the likelihood that the attackers had local support in Mumbai.
Mr. Hoffman said that Lashkar had developed particularly sophisticated Internet operations, and that intelligence officials believed the group had forged ties with regional terrorist organizations like Jemaah Islamiyah in Indonesia by assisting them with their own Internet strategies.
Although Pakistan's government officially banned Lashkar in 2002, American officials said that the group had maintained close ties since then to the Pakistani intelligence service. American spy agencies have documented regular meetings between the ISI and Lashkar operatives, in which the two organizations have shared intelligence about Indian operations in Kashmir.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“It goes beyond information sharing to include some funding and training,” said an American official who follows the group closely. “And these are not rogue ISI elements. What's going on is done in a fairly disciplined way.”
Still, officials in Washington said they had yet to unearth any direct link between the Pakistan spy agency and the Mumbai attacks. “I don't think that there is compelling evidence of involvement of Pakistani officials,” Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said on CNN's “Late Edition With Wolf Blitzer” on Sunday. “But I do think that Pakistan has a responsibility to act.”
She said evidence showed “that the terrorists did use territory in Pakistan.”
An American counterterrorism official said: “It's one thing to say the ISI is tied to Lashkar and quite another to say the ISI was behind the Mumbai attacks. The evidence at this point doesn't get you there.”
Moreover, some terrorism analysts said that Lashkar's dependence on its original sponsors had lessened in recent years. With wealthy donors in no short supply, an established recruiting pipeline and a series of training camps, Lashkar “has outgrown ISI's support,” said Urmila Venugopalan, a South Asia analyst for Jane's Information Group.
The protection that Lashkar operatives enjoy inside Pakistan has allowed the group to thrive at the same time that Al Qaeda's leaders have been forced to hide in caves and occasionally transmit messages to one another using donkey couriers.
In a public statement in May, Stuart Levey, the under secretary of the Treasury for terrorism and financial intelligence, called Lashkar a “dangerous Al Qaeda affiliate that has demonstrated its willingness to murder innocent civilians.”
But other terrorism analysts offer a more nuanced view of the group's Qaeda ties.
On the one hand, Al Qaeda and Lashkar share many positions: a belief in a strict interpretation of the Koran, a desire to establish a government based on strict Islamic laws and a priority to evict United States troops from Afghanistan and Iraq. Lashkar has helped Qaeda fighters move in and out of Afghanistan. In March 2002, a Qaeda lieutenant, Abu Zubaydah, was captured in a Lashkar safe house in Faisalabad, Pakistan, according to a State Department terrorism report. Eleven detainees currently at the American prison at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba, are suspected of having some kind of connections to Lashkar.
But Lashkar and Al Qaeda do not always see eye to eye, terrorism analysts said. While Lashkar strives for the creation of a pan-Islamic state across South Asia, Al Qaeda aims to create an even larger entity. Al Qaeda is wary of Lashkar's relationship with the ISI, an American official said. A spokesman for Jamaat-ud-Dawa, Lashkar's charity wing, denied last week that the group or its founder, Haffiz Muhammad Saeed, had any connection to the Mumbai attacks. The surviving gunman in Mumbai has claimed to have met Mr. Saeed at a training camp in Pakistan.
On Friday, Mr. Saeed gave his regular sermon at his mosque in Lahore, Pakistan, where thousands listened to him denounce Hinduism, praise Islam and criticize Ms. Rice for visiting the region. Surrounded by security guards, Mr. Saeed, 63, a stocky man with a huge, untrimmed beard, spoke for 50 minutes to a rapt congregation that sat on the wide lawns of the Qadisiyyah Center in central Lahore.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Now Condoleezza Rice has rushed to India and Pakistan because infidels are united,” he said. “If infidels do not stop their anti-Muslim activities, the Muslims are second to none in taking revenge.”
Earlier today Renegade Kid announced that it has closed down, with its co-founders going separate ways with their own studios. Jools Watsham is taking control of Renegade Kid's 2D IPs with Atooi, while Gregg Hargrove is taking on the 3D IPs with Infitizmo. Over the last decade the studio has released a variety of titles, from DS retail games to a range of titles in this generation on the 3DS and Wii U eShop, in addition to other download stores. It's a brand name that's become familiar among Nintendo download fans, in particular, with titles like Mutant Mudds and recently Dementium Remastered making a mark.
Over the past couple of years it's become clear, however, that maintaining success and profitability remains a particular challenge for small development companies. Renegade Kid faced struggles of its own, releasing well-praised games like Xeodrifter on multiple platforms but also reporting disappointing initial sales for titles like Dementium Remastered. In our 'Year in Development' feature of late 2015 with Jools Watsham, he provided a distinct impression of the studio facing demanding times as it tried to make ends meet across multiple projects and releases.
2014 was not a great year for us. Moon Chronicles only sold OK, but we managed to squeeze Xeodrifter out before the year closed - which helped a lot. 2015 was maybe a little better, but was also incredibly insane.
With news of the studio's closure coming through we decided to catch up with Watsham and Hargrove to talk about how they came to the decision to close Renegade Kid, and what they're doing next. They reflect on financial challenges, favourite memories from a decade of working together and talk about their plans for Atooi and Infitizmo.
First of all, can you both introduce yourselves to our readers?
JW: My name is Jools Watsham. I started making games professionally in 1992. I co-founded Renegade Kid with Gregg in 2006/2007. I primarily focused on the design, 2D art, and planning aspects of Renegade Kid games, as well as handling affairs of business and PR.
GH: My name is Gregg Hargrove, co-founder and Director at Renegade Kid. I got my start making BBS (Bulletin Board System) games look pretty in 1992. With Renegade Kid, my primary focus was on art and writing as well as the banking/accounting side of the business.
You've announced that Renegade Kid is closing. Can you outline the key reasons for this?
JW: The video game industry has changed a lot in the past 10 years that we've been developing games as Renegade Kid. From the very beginning, it has always been a challenge to secure partnerships with publishers to fund the development of original games, and since the advent of self-publishing – when digital distribution became more mainstream – it has shifted our business model towards becoming more dependent on revenue instead of seeking funding from publishing partners.
It has been a great financial challenge and an extreme workload for the entire team to maintain a balance between cash flow, staying competitive with our games, and spending quality time with our families and friends.
As such, it has been a great financial challenge and an extreme workload for the entire team to maintain a balance between cash flow, staying competitive with our games, and spending quality time with our families and friends. Couple these realities with the desire to achieve personal goals, Gregg and I came to the difficult decision to each pursue solo ventures and close Renegade Kid.
Starting fresh with small, lean teams enables us both to focus more on less moving parts and potentially achieve better success. It puts both Atooi and Infitizmo in more advantageous positions.
GH: Exactly!
How long has this decision been on the cards?
JW: I think the writing has been on the wall for a while, but it is the sort of thing that you can easily ignore while you're busy making games. We started discussing the idea of ending Renegade Kid this year due to the financial challenges we faced last year and the ever-mounting challenges that we faced moving forward with the same structure.
GH: Yeah, it's been coming for a while and I think we both really came to grips with that this year.
Can you talk a little about how you've divided up the Renegade Kid IPs?
GH: It works out pretty equitably with Infitizmo inheriting all of the 3D titles and Atooi the 2D titles.
JW: Yeah, this was thankfully very easy.
Looking back on Renegade Kid's history, which games are you both most proud of from your library?
JW: Our first game, Dementium: The Ward is really hard to top in how proud I felt to have the game in a retail box after the risky step we took from a well-paying job to go solo and make a mature game for Nintendo's kid-friendly handheld. Next on the list would have to be Mutant Mudds for me. It was the result of many years of wanting to create a 2D platformer, and the fact that it was our first self-published game also made it a big milestone.
GH: The games we've made at RK are like my children, you love them all for different reasons really. Dementium: The Ward for the DS will always be very special to me because it was the first and it was so exciting to be breaking out and doing our own thing and we were just making the game we both really wanted to make at the time. Mutant Mudds is also one of those kinds of titles. Though I had much less to do with the production of that game, it was exciting to see a game that Jools labored on for the sheer joy of its creation be so well received. And it's just an amazingly fun game!
What are your personal highlights from your years in Renegade Kid, such as a standout memory?
GH: The first year and publishing Dementium: The Ward with GameCock was super exiting. The GameCock guys definitely had a way of making everything you did feel like an event. E3 that year was super fun even though it was a strange, non-LA E3. The camaraderie was awesome.
Every time we did our own RK booth somewhere, PAX East or SXSW, was very cool. I really liked PAX though. Talking to the fans and making connections was a real highlight. Anytime Jools and I got to travel together and talk about our games was a real treat.
Talking to the fans and making connections was a real highlight. Anytime Jools and I got to travel together and talk about our games was a real treat.
JW: Yeah, the press tours that Gregg and I did together were really fun and exciting. Visiting various different press outlets, such as IGN and GameSpot in Northern California, was great because we were showing games that we were very proud of. We never focused too much on a sales pitch and instead let the games speak for themselves – engaging in casual conversation with the press folk we met.
We were very spoiled by Gamecock with our first game, Dementium. They threw a huge press event for all of their games at Hotel California the year E3 was in the hangars instead of at the convention center. Gamecock took over the entire hotel. There were about 6 or 8 other developers there with us showing off games. It was a magical time. Each team had a hotel room that doubled as our press room and where we crashed at night. It was a blast!
Any regrets as you sign off from Renegade Kid?
JW: It is a bittersweet moment, for sure. I am sad that Renegade Kid has come to an end, but I am excited and optimistic for the future. I do not regret anything, though. We always worked our hardest and smartest. We always put the games first. I am very proud of what we have accomplished with Renegade Kid.
GH: I always want to do more... and better. I'm proud of everything we've accomplished, but we've done everything on very restrictive budgets with tight timelines. I wish we could have expanded on some of our storylines. We created so much rich backstory that was only ever hinted at in our games. There were a dozen good ideas for games that never got done for one reason or another.
What's next for both of you in terms of your next projects, and are you planning to work on Nintendo hardware?
GH: I love to work with Nintendo. I've always had a great experience working with them and I can't imagine not supporting something Nintendo. My next projects are currently not something I can make public unfortunately but I want to expand on both Moon and Dementium in the future and there is a new mystery project in the works for the near future. Haha, is that vague enough for everyone?
JW: I have a press release and announcement coming out this week for my next game. Keep it locked here at Nintendo Life for more info!
Can fans expect to see Treasurenauts and Cult County in the future (if not answered above)?
JW: Yes, Treasurenauts will be coming out in 2017. We will have more news on that very soon!
GH: I would love to explore Cult County. There were a lot of cool ideas in there. It will probably show up in my future work in some shape or form.
Do you have any final messages for our readers?
GH: Thanks to all our fans for all the interest, kindness, and enthusiasm you've shown us and our games. You've made it all worthwhile and we hope you can stick around for volume 2!
JW: Thank you to everyone who played and enjoyed our games. Your enthusiasm and support is extremely motivating and greatly appreciated. I hope you continue to follow our games at Atooi (http://www.atooi.com) and Infitizmo (http://www.infitizmo.com).
We'd like to thank both Jools Watsham and Gregg Hargrove for their time. Let us know what you hope to see from both in the future, and perhaps talk about your favourite Renegade Kid game in the comments.
Bryce Harper was in a slump! You might not have noticed. Right around the middle of April, it seemed people decided Harper had somehow taken another step forward. And maybe he has, I don't know, but if he has, he hasn't done it since the middle of April. As a matter of fact — I'm writing this late Wednesday, and when I look at the leaderboards over the past seven days, Harper is tied for dead last in WAR. I don't recommend you make a habit of looking at WAR over seven-day periods, but Harper is Harper, and last is. There was a real and legitimate slump. Could be there still is.
Let me make it clear right now that I'm not concerned. Not about Harper, not at present. I thought he was great at the beginning of April, I thought he was great in the middle of April, and I think he's great now at the beginning of May. Everyone is entitled to the occasional off-week. I just do think there's something we could learn from examining how what's happened has happened. Bryce Harper slumped! Why?
From April 26 through May 3, Harper went 3-for-28 with three singles and 13 strikeouts. Now, from April 27 through May 3, Harper went 2-for-26 with 13 strikeouts, which is worse, but I made a little error when I generated the following plots and I'm too lazy to go back and fix them. It doesn't change the point. Here's one of the reasons I'm not worried. Harper's wOBA trends since the start of last season, over eight-game samples:
What just happened is a low, but last year between September 23 and October 1, Harper went 4-for-29 without a homer. Here's the same kind of plot, but for Mike Trout, stretching back to 2012, when he became what he is:
You see the dips. Everybody gets dips. In 2014, in the middle of August, Trout went 4-for-32, with no homers and 12 strikeouts. Remember all those conversations? Now, here's the plot for Barry Bonds‘ entire career:
Dips! In 2004, Bonds finished with a 233 wRC+. That was the second-best mark he ever posted, and that was the year of the .609 OBP. But over an eight-game stretch in May, Bonds went 1-for-20. That was within a 21-game span when Bonds went deep only once. In fairness, Bonds wasn't striking out, but even the best hitter any of us living have ever seen had his ruts. It's not that it's unreasonable for worry about Harper to ever be justified. You'd just need more than a week of evidence. Probably at least a month and a half.
We can safely think of this as a blip. But even blips have their reasons for being. It's hard to prove, but let's assume Harper has had a little bit of bad luck. That's the way these things go — torrid hot streaks are generally performance + luck, and deep slumps are generally performance + luck. Now let's go past that. Harper reached his new level last season, so this is a plot of how he's produced, since the start of last season, based on pitch locations:
Harper has been at his best over the plate, and also up and away. He's acknowledged this before, and it's nothing unusual. Pulling from Baseball Savant, here's how Harper was pitched this year before the slump:
That's an awful lot of activity in the danger zones. Harper, very obviously, took advantage of the opportunities he was given. Now here's how Harper was pitched during the slump:
You see that? It's not even subtle. Harper's slump coincides with a different attack. Opponents haven't strayed much over the middle, and they've mostly stayed down. It's not like anyone has ever not tried to pitch Harper carefully, but pitchers lately have been more successful with their execution. And, yeah, the mix has changed some. Earlier, Harper ranked in the 44th percentile in terms of fastball rate. Slumping Harper ranked in the 5th percentile.
Pitchers threw Harper fewer fastballs, opting for a lot of changeups, explaining the move toward the down-away quadrant. And with more secondary stuff, pitchers were just throwing Harper fewer options in the zone. Harper, usually, is sufficiently disciplined to stay away from would-be balls, but pitchers suddenly started throwing better would-be balls, and Harper simultaneously grew a little frustrated because of his slump. So then you have pitchers working carefully, and Harper expanding the zone on himself. The way out of it, if you're Harper, is to tighten up that impatience. Even just a matter of some deep breaths. It's not like Harper is incapable of slamming offspeed stuff. He'd just need to let the pitches come to him, without letting frustration cloud judgment.
To boil it all down: I think this is pretty simple. I think that, during Harper's slump, he was seeing unusually quality pitches. I think the pitchers executed more than they typically do, and I think this is probably underneath a number of run-of-the-mill offensive slumps. For a week or so, pitchers mostly avoided Harper's hot spots, and while pitchers are always trying to avoid Harper's hot spots, their command isn't that good, not all of the time. This was just a good run, and Harper helped his opponents out by chasing from time to time. Chasing keeps them from having to come back into the zone with fastballs. Stand in with less frustration, and opportunities will present themselves. It's not like there's anything wrong with Harper's swing. He just needs to put it on the right pitches.
Wednesday, in the fifth inning, Harper went up against Dillon Gee in a Nationals blowout. Gee threw an almost perfect first-pitch curveball. He tried to come back with a second-pitch curveball, but that one was less perfect.
Pitchers make mistakes. For a little while there, they weren't making very many of them. I don't think it's anything to get used to.
I'd like to announce my intent to run for CSM.
Why are you running?
I feel that there isn't enough representation advocating more creative, interactive and cutthroat gameplay in highsec. Eve is terrible when played as a grindfest with the non-interactive mindset that other MMOs encourage, and I notice a trend, both among players and within CCP, that interacting with other players in ways that they might not prefer is somehow evil or undesirable. It is my hope to show CCP that the messy interactions of one group of players trying to get what they want at the expense of another group of players is one of the greatest features of this game and is what allows the stories that inspire players to join or take a more active playstyle come about.
With a very large percentage of the playerbase in highsec (some estimate as much as 70%, although that's likely not accurate) it is of the utmost importance that those players have an engaging game experience. I want players rushing to log in after they get home because they have a plan to take revenge on someone or to steal their assets or to make sure their rivals industrial never makes it to a market hub. I want to see corporations and alliances in highsec forced to become better because this game is one that features a consequence of loss. I want players to be trying to outthink, outmanoeuvre and outgame their fellow players, rather than repetitively rescuing the damsel until they're in a marauder without building any community ties, wondering where to go from there and ultimately unsubbing.
Who are you and why are you qualified to represent me?
I am a wardeccer, awoxer, thief, scammer, occasional suicide ganker and all around content maker. Alongside my corp, The Skunkworks, we have dissected pretty nearly every facet of highsec looking for ways to make engaging gameplay for ourselves and our friends.
My successes include two rounds of wildly profitable incursion fuckery, hundreds of fun and interesting wardecs, several content-generating scams and thefts, and, most importantly, a great deal of community building. I've built an exceptionally talented community of belligerent undesirables, personally mentored dozens of players in an engaging lifestyle as well as inspiring many more and, when it looked like CCP was ready to completely crumple up engaging highsec play and throw it away, organized a round table of many of the most talented members of this walk of life in order to put our view forward to CCP.
And even if you aren't on the leading edge of interacting with other peoples game play, I want to represent you as a highsec player because I want you to have a fun and challenging time. I want you eager to play, either in a defensive or offensive role. I want you to be excitedly telling any fellow nerd that will listen about the great time you had in space.
What changes, specifically, would you like to see?
Firstly, I want CCP on board with our lifestyle. It has long been known and recently confirmed that CCP does not allow its employees to engage in behaviour like suicide ganking or other things they view as not ‘light side'. They need to be having those experiences both so that they know the value of them and so that they have the hands-on experience they'll need when altering systems that effect those types of game play.
Secondly, I want to see a revamp of the corporation system that actually encourages people to group up, form relationships, and actually join and stay with a corp, especially during times of distress. The unfortunate truth is that if your goal is to gain as much money as possible by running missions the correct choice for you is to be in a one-man corp and never interact with the world around you, and I think that's something that needs to change.
Thirdly, I want to work against the view that interacting with someone elses gameplay is somehow any more morally wrong than playing a better hand than someone at a poker table. If these tools that reactionaries tend to label as ‘evil' were correctly viewed as simply tools, I feel that we wouldn't be shackled with fun-killing nerfs all the time.
POT TV – Cannabis activist and BC Marijuana Party candidate Mik Mann (also known as Opus) presents his LIVE show on the Pot TV Network. This week Opus LIVE and Pot TV bring you the in-studio premiere of ‘The Verdamper' from Amsterdam via the TY Expo.
Also on the show: stories in the news, ‘The Countdown List', and a new segment called ‘Quotes Worth Repeating'.
Grab your joints and join the chat on the Pot TV Livestream page.
WATCH TODAY at 3PM Pacific
Opus LIVE is broadcast every Monday at 3pm Pacific time and covers the latest news from the cannabis activism community. Known for his work with the BC Marijuana Party, Mik Mann is a licensed medical marijuana grower from Vancouver Island and founder of Opus Farms. He is a regular contributor to Cannabis Culture. Check out his CC Blog.
Watch other LIVE shows every week on Pot TV! Wednesday is From Under the Influence with Marijuana Man, and Friday is Cannabis Culture News LIVE with Jeremiah Vandermeer. And don't miss new episodes of the The Jodie Emery Show recorded every week.
While the Pirate Bay's domain continues to wave a pirate flag, there's no sign of a pending return yet. However, many supporters of the notorious torrent site are keeping its torrents widely available. In just a week nearly 400 Pirate Bay copies have appeared online. But is the Hydra really alive?
More than two weeks have passed since The Pirate Bay's servers were pulled offline and it remains doubtful if the site will ever return in its full glory.
A few days ago The Pirate Bay showed signs of life again when the domain name started waving a pirate flag. While this created plenty of mystery, there are still no torrents to be found on the site.
For now, it's Pirate Bay supporters carrying the Kopimi spirit and keeping the “Hydra” seemingly alive and kicking. Chop one head off and new ones will grow back, making the beast stronger and stronger.
This week, most of the Pirate Bay copies have been growing from Isohunt.to's OpenBay project. Thus far nearly 400 Pirate Bay clones have launched and the people behind the initiative say that OpenBay is currently the most popular project on developer platform GitHub.
“Since it's launch The Open Bay has drawn a lot of attention. As a result it's placed as #1 on GitHub. During recent weeks 372 Open Bays have been created,” the Isohunt.to team inform us.
“Our current goal is to not only make it open source, but eventually provide a fully decentralized torrent database for the community,” they add.
Although Isohunt told us that they're not in contact with TPB, the Pirate Bay crew appears to appreciate the efforts. After all, the pirate flag that's waving on the official Pirate Bay domain comes from OpenBay.
Isohunt.to is happy with this support and is now calling on developers to improve and expand the code, to support bigger and better torrent sites.
“We're glad that the original ThePirateBay founders are supporting us waving the pirate flag and the hash tag #CodeOpenBay. We hope that the community will step in and the new era will begin,” Isohunt.to tells us.
The Pirate Bay homepage
The question is, however, whether or not copies are going to be good enough. When Pirate Bay's Peter Sunde talked about the Hydra concept 7.5 years ago he wasn't referring to copies, but entirely new sites with their own communities.
“Start up your own torrent sites, make the Internet the hydra it is and needs to be. If there are hundreds of sites, they can't all be shut down,” he said, pointing out that the torrent community was relying too heavily on TPB.
Seen through this lens, the hundreds of TPB copies that sprang up in recent days are pretty much useless. That is, until they become thriving communities of their own. Simply having a copy of the torrent listings isn't going to be good enough.
Sticking with the Hydra mythology, if Pirate Bay copies are new heads then they're on top of a dead beast for now. In this flawed analogy the Pirate Bay raid didn't just cut off a head, it killed the beast itself.
The Pirate Bay's real value were the uploaders and moderators, and these can't simply be copied.
The real Hydra is something much broader. It is the entire BitTorrent ecosystem where The Pirate Bay was just one of the many heads, living alongside other popular torrent sites.
Only time can tell whether this Hydra is indeed alive and kicking.
A women's clinic in Louisville, joined by Planned Parenthood of Indiana and Kentucky, is in federal court on Wednesday morning to demand that a U.S. District judge strike down rules that the Kentucky government, led by its vocally anti-choice Republican governor, is trying to use to shutter the state's only remaining abortion provider.
"In 37 years providing abortion, I've seen more than a dozen clinics close down in our state, and now ours is the last clinic standing in the entire state," said Ernest Marshall, a doctor and EMW Women's Surgical Center founder. "The very right to access legal abortion in the state of Kentucky is on the line."
EMW and Planned Parenthood are challenging state requirements that clinics providing abortions must have "transfer agreements" with a hospital and ambulance service. The state has used the rules to deny Planned Parenthood a license, and is now attempting to revoke EMW's license, claiming the clinic's existing agreements—which, until this March, had been deemed sufficient for several years—do not meet state requirements.
Citing the U.S. Supreme Court ruling that last year struck down similar restrictions imposed by a Texas law, lawyers for the clinic argue the requirements are not only unconstitutional, but also unnecessary, because federal law requires local hospitals to accept any patient in an emergency, and Louisville Metro Emergency Medical Services will transport patients without such agreements.
District Judge Greg Stivers temporarily blocked Kentucky's effort to revoke the EMW's license in the spring, and he will now hear the clinic's case challenging the constitutionality of the state's requirements. The trial began at 8:30am on Wednesday in the U.S. District Court in Louisville, and is expected to last two to three days.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
Planned Parenthood joined the lawsuit because it alleges that Gov. Matt Bevin and "his administration waged a 'campaign of fear and intimidation'—including a threat to block millions of dollars in public funds from University of Louisville Hospital—to prevent Planned Parenthood from getting a license," the Courier-Journal reports.
Although EMW retains its license for now, the Louisville clinic sees anti-choice protests almost daily, and requires assistance from volunteer escorts to enable patients to safely access the office.
Protests at the clinic made national headlines in late July, when Operation Save America (OSA), a fundamentalist Christian anti-choice group, descended on Louisville to launch city-wide demonstrations and a troubling campaign that included publicizing personal information about EMW employees.
Gravity Falls went out with a big bang last week. The series finale of creator Alex Hirsch's toon drew 2.9 million total viewers on February 15 to become the most-watched program in Disney XD's history. The net also said the episode titled “Weirdmageddon 3: Take Back the Falls” was the No. 1 regular series telecast ever across multiple demos including kids and boy 2-11 and kids and boys 6-11.
The series about twins Dipper (Jason Ritter) and Mabel (Kristen Schaal) who live with Great Uncle Stan in the off-kilter town of Gravity Falls, OR, accounts for the Disney XD's top nine regular animated-series telecasts of all time in Kids 6-11 and the top seven in Boys 6-11.
Hirsch said on social media in November that he was ending Gravity Falls, which launched on Disney Channel in June 2012 and moved to Disney XD in August 2014. “This is 100% my choice, and It's something I decided on a very long time ago,” he wrote at the time. “I always designed Gravity Falls to be a finite series about one epic summer — a series with a beginning, middle, and end.”
Meanwhile, over on sibling channel Disney Junior, a visit from Frozen‘s snowman boosted Sofia the First to its highest rating in more than a year. “Olaf and the Tale of Miss Nettle,” featuring Josh Gad as Olaf from the Disney megahit feature, ranked as the series' most watched episode in 15 months in total viewers (3.3 million) – and its No. 5 telecast overall.
Story highlights Attorney General Holder: Prosecutors to "doggedly follow the facts"
McCain charges Obama didn't "unequivocally" say that no leaks came from White House
The president says he has "zero tolerance" for leaks
Congressional leaders seek to halt increasing leaks of classified information
Attorney General Eric Holder said on Friday he had assigned two U.S. attorneys to lead investigations into the possible leaking of state secrets.
"The unauthorized disclosure of classified information can compromise the security of this country and all Americans, and it will not be tolerated," he said in a statement.
Holder assigned U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia Ronald C. Machen Jr., a Democratic appointee, and U.S. Attorney for the District of Maryland Rod J. Rosenstein, a holdover GOP appointee, to lead the investigations.
"These two highly respected and experienced prosecutors will be directing separate investigations currently being conducted by the FBI. I have every confidence in their abilities to doggedly follow the facts and the evidence in the pursuit of justice wherever it leads," said Holder.
JUST WATCHED McCain: Leaks came from the White House Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH McCain: Leaks came from the White House 01:00
JUST WATCHED Ruppersberger: Leaks worst he's seen Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Ruppersberger: Leaks worst he's seen 02:36
JUST WATCHED Leaks probe not 'finger-pointing' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Leaks probe not 'finger-pointing' 01:31
Earlier Friday, President Barack Obama strongly rejected claims that his White House has deliberately leaked secrets to the media, saying the idea was "offensive" and would put Americans at risk.
Some Republicans, led by veteran Sen. John McCain of Arizona, alleged that the White House must be knowingly involved because of the nature of the leaked information.
But Obama pushed back angrily as he was questioned on the issue at a news conference, saying that he had "zero tolerance" for such leaks and that those responsible would "suffer consequences."
"The notion that the White House would purposely release classified national security information is offensive, it's wrong, and people, I think, need to have a better sense of how I approach this office and how the people around me approach this office," he said.
"We are dealing with issues that can touch on the safety and security of the American people -- our families or our military or our allies -- and so we don't play with that."
Intelligence leaks are a source of consistent frustration for his administration as they have been for others, he said, and the White House will carry out "thorough investigations."
In response, McCain said Obama was distancing himself from the controversy.
"What the president did not unequivocally say today is that none of the classified or highly sensitive information recently leaked to the media came from the White House," McCain said. "I continue to call on the president to immediately appoint a special counsel to fully investigate and, where necessary, prosecute these gravely serious breaches of our national security."
A report in The New York Times last week that provided classified details of what it described as a U.S cyberattack targeting Iran's nuclear centrifuge program sparked the bipartisan outrage.
Obama also repeated the statements made by the writers of the articles in question that the White House was not the source of their information.
JUST WATCHED Obama: Eurozone success is 'good for us' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Obama: Eurozone success is 'good for us' 01:54
JUST WATCHED Getting tough on intelligence leaks Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Getting tough on intelligence leaks 01:51
JUST WATCHED White House leaks spark controversy Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH White House leaks spark controversy 02:07
Other recent possible leaks of classified information included details on the administration's efforts to expand its drone program and Obama's involvement in "kill lists" against militants in Yemen and Pakistan.
The public airing of details surrounding a recently disrupted bomb plot in Yemen by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula also angered intelligence and national security officials.
Congressional leaders said earlier Friday that those responsible for endangering national security by leaking classified information to the media should be sent to jail.
Republican Rep. Mike Rogers of Michigan, the House Intelligence Committee chairman, said that it was not yet known who was behind the leaks but that someone "committed a crime that is having serious consequences to our national security."
Bipartisan efforts are needed to identify whoever is responsible for the leaks, involving a cyberwarfare program against Iran and other intelligence matters, and "make sure that leaker goes to jail," he said.
Rep. Dutch Ruppersberger of Maryland, the top Democrat on the House panel, echoed Rogers' call for the leaker to be "held accountable."
Speaking in the House on Friday, Republican Rep. Mo Brooks of Alabama asked, "where is the outrage from the White House about these leaks?"
He called for the White House "to get off the campaign trail, show leadership, do the president's job and aggressively pursue the leakers of America's state secrets."
Leaks not only compromise national security efforts, they discourage allies from trusting in the United States, Brooks said. "It's time for the president to plug the holes and protect America's national security," he said.
Rogers said Friday that the recent leaks are "a hundred times the magnitude" of those in the Valerie Plame case and that "someone needs to pay a price for this crime."
Former Vice President Dick Cheney's chief of staff, Lewis "Scooter" Libby, was convicted in 2007 in connection with the leaking of CIA officer Plame's identity -- information that was technically classified, though Cheney later implied that information had been declassified.
Ruppersberger said it was vital that bipartisan efforts were made to "follow the facts wherever they go" but reiterated that the source of the information was not known.
"These leaks have been occurring more and more," he said, adding that they were the worst he had seen in nearly 10 years on the intelligence panel.
The leaks could come from within Congress or the executive branch, he acknowledged.
The Intelligence Committee leaders met Thursday with FBI Director Robert Mueller, whose agency is investigating the leaks, according to legislators.
Specifically, the FBI has launched an investigation into apparent leaks of classified information involving the cyberwarfare program against Iran, a U.S. official said this week.
The agency is also investigating the thwarted Yemen plot, according to Mueller.
In its report, The New York Times said that since shortly after he became president, Obama has ordered cyberattacks targeting computers that run Iran's nuclear enrichment facilities. It attributed the information to participants in the program.
McCain, the ranking Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee, alleged that the White House authorized the leaks for political gain.
"These leaks clearly were not done in the interest of national security or to reveal corrupt or illegal actions about which the public has a right to know, as in the case of legitimate whistleblowers," McCain said. "It is difficult to escape the conclusion that these recent leaks of highly classified information, all of which have the effect of making the president look strong and decisive on national security in the middle of his re-election campaign, have a deeper political motivation."
The White House pushed back, with spokesman Jay Carney saying that "this administration takes all appropriate and necessary steps to prevent leaks of classified information or sensitive information that could risk ongoing counterterrorism or intelligence operations."
NHS Trusts have been caught running thousands of outdated and unsupported Windows XP machines, despite a developing threat landscape and GDPR on the horizon.
Back in April 2014, Microsoft officially ended support for Windows XP, once its most popular operating system (OS) which was favoured my many businesses and government agencies around the world.
As of that point, Microsoft stopped releasing security patches for the OS, meaning hackers have been free to exploit any vulnerabilities found since then, with the exception of those organisations willing to pay Microsoft for an extended support deal.
The UK government was one such organisation, paying Microsoft the princely sum of £5.5 million to continue providing security support for Windows XP. This deal came to an end in May 2015 and was not renewed, with a government citing “good progress in moving away from Windows XP across departments and government organisations”.
NHS emergency
However, Freedom of Information (FOI) request submitted by Motherboard to over 70 NHS Hospital Trusts revealed that thousands of NHS computers across the UK are running the outdated OS, potentially leaving confidential patient data vulnerable to attack.
Of the 70 Trusts contacted, 42 said they were still running Windows XP machines without receiving security updates, with only one of them confirming that it had purchased a support agreement from Microsoft.
And the amount of outdated XP machines still in operation are significant. For example, Guy's and St Thomas' NHS Trust in London admitted to having a whopping 10,800, while Sheffield Children's Hospital and East Sussex Healthcare have 1,290 and 413 respectively.
By running Windows XP, NHS Hospitals risk breaching data protection regulations, which are set to become even more stringent through the new General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) coming into force in 2018. Legal experts have confirmed that the guilty hospitals may be in breach of current regulations. Jon Baines, Chair of the National Association of Data Protection and Freedom of Information Officers (NADPO), said: “If hospitals are knowingly using insecure XP machines and devices to hold and otherwise process patient data they may well be in serious contravention of their obligations.”
Tim Turner, a former Information Governance advisor in the NHS, added: ”I think it's self-evident that using an effectively obsolete operating system isn't appropriate.”
GDPR was finally approved in April of this year after four years of negotiations, aiming to give citizens back control over their personal data in the digital age, including the right to be forgotten.
When the new regulations come into effect in May 2018, compliance will become legally compulsory for organisations operating within the European Union. Those who fall short risk facing massive fines of up to 4 percent of global revenue for the previous year, or £15 million, which ever is greater.
With around 18 months to go, the revelation that so many NHS Hospitals are still running outdated and unprotected software is a worrying one, especially as the threat landscape is continuing to develop at an alarming rate. Indeed, hackers have shown that they are not scared to target hospitals, with organisations in Kentucky and Lincolnshire bring prime examples. In addition, Intel Security recently released a report revealing that hospitals have made nearly $100,000 in Bitcoin payments to hackers after falling victim to ransomware attacks in the second quarter of 2016.
This suggests that hackers are currently viewing hospitals as “soft targets” and, at the moment, they are right. The majority of doctors and nurses simply don't have time to think about IT security in their day-to-day roles and by definition any attacks on hospital systems can have life-threatening consequences, so IT staff will always be willing to pay a ransom to get everything back up and running.
With the prevalence and sophistication of cyberattacks set to increase, combined with updated data protection regulations bringing severe penalties and more power to consumers on the horizon, it has apparent that a change is needed sooner rather than later.
Quiz: The triumph and the tragedy of public sector IT
An Ohio man accused of not telling his mistress that he was HIV-positive has been charged with murder after the woman's death from AIDS.
Ronald Murdock, 51, of Toledo, also is charged with felonious assault. Lucas County court records listed no attorney for the jailed man ahead of his arraignment Tuesday.
The indictment alleges that Murdock had sexual contact with someone without disclosing that he had the virus that causes AIDS.
Scroll down for video
HIV-infected Ronald Murdock, 51 (left), has been charged with murder and felonious assault in the death of his mistress Kimberley Klempner, also 51 (right), who died of AIDS in February
WTVG-TV reports that Murdock's girlfriend, 51-year-old Kimberly Klempner, had AIDS and died in February.
Her son, Josh Klempner, says Murdock dated the woman for years without telling her that he had HIV and that he was married.
'It would be different if he would let people know that he had it before he got in that relationship. He didn't so that right there tells me and everybody else that he has no care. The only person he's worried about is himself,' Josh Klempner said.
Klempner's son Josh says that Murdock never told his mother that he had HIV in the five years they had a sexual relationship
The grandmother found out that her boyfriend had HIV when she looked through his medicine cabinet and found pills to treat the virus (far right in both pictures)
'He should of warned her. He should have told her. I don't want him out here on the streets. The way I see it they should just bury him under the jail,' he added.
Josh said his mother only found out that Murdock had HIV when she told him she was HIV positive in 2015 and he didn't seem bothered about it. Then she looked through his medicine cabinet and made a startling find.
'My mother found out about some pills he had. She stayed the night at his house one night and she felt something was up. She did some snooping and ran across a few pill bottles. She did a little research on them and found out that way,' Klempner said.
When Murdock's wife discovered the affair, she also told Klempner about Murdock's HIV status.
When Murdock's wife (right in both images) found out about the affair, she also told Klempner that her husband had HIV
According to Ohio law, those diagnosed with HIV are required to disclose the fact to their sexual partners
According to Ohio law, those diagnosed with HIV are required to disclose the fact to their sexual partners.
HIV is spread through bodily fluids. Many get the virus through sex or sharing needles.
It can usually be prevented by wearing a condom during sex, and taking a pill called PrEP.
World's Longest Palindrome? 21,012 words
See also: comments, program
Luckily for me, I had a better word list: the very nice Moby Word list from Grady Ward , from which I was able to extract the 126,342-word npdict.txt. Also, very importantly, I had a laptop computer which was at least 1,000 times more powerful than the minicomputer Hoey had in 1984, allowing me to do all computation in memory, rather than having to manage disk data files. That made it easy for me to create a program that appears smarter, even though Hoey's program was probably more difficult to author.
Version 1: 15,139 Word Palindrome
Created: 20-02-2002 Words: 15,319 Letters: 63,647 Phrases: 12,400 Programs: pal.py Palindrome: A man, a plan, a caddy, Ore, Lee, tsuba, Thaine, a lair, ... (more) ..., Aeniah, Tabu, Steele, Roydd, a canal, Panama. Storyboard: ... A man, a plan, a caddy,
Commentary: Cognoscenti such as Mark Saltveit, editor of The Palindromist, rightfully point out that my creation should not be called a true palindrome, because it makes no sense. But Saltveit says that I am probably safe in calling this "the world's longest palindromic sentence, or the world's longest parody of `A man, a plan.' " I agree with that assessment.
Maybe I'm biased, but I think the sentence starts out quite strong. "A man, a plan, a caddy" is the basic premise of a classic piece of storytelling. Unfortunately, things go downhill from there rather quickly. It contains truths, but it does not have a plot. It has Putnam, but no logic; Tesla, but no electricity; Pareto, but no optimality; Ebert, but no thumbs up. It has an ensemble cast including Tim Allen, Ed Harris and Al Pacino, but they lack character development. It has Sinatra and Pink, but it doesn't sing. It has Monet and Goya, but no artistry. It has Slovak, Inuit, Creek, and Italian, but it's all Greek to me. It has exotic locations like Bali, Maui, Uranus, and Canada, but it jumps around needlessly. It has Occam, but it is the antithesis of his maxim "Entia non sunt multiplicanda praeter necessitatem." If you tried to read the whole thing, you'd get to "a yawn" and stop. Or you might be overcome by the jargon, such as PETN, ILGWU, PROM, UNESCO, and MYOB. Most serendipitous of all is that Steele, who collected several shorter versions of the Panama oeuvre in a book about a Lisp, shows up in the very last line. Steele and some others have some comments. You can read the results from top to bottom (if you don't get bored) or you can start in the middle; the letter "y" in "Moray".
Speed: The program increases the length of the longest palindrome found by roughly 200 words every second; so in 3 or 4 seconds it breaks Hoey's record, and in 30 seconds it is over 6000 words. At around 8000 words progress slows to about 1,000 words per minute, and by around 10,000 to 12,000 words progress is sporadic. This is because we are running out of good words: there are 126,000 words in the dictionary, but only about 10% of them are easily reversible. For example, there are 426 words that contain "eq" or "sq", but these are hard to use in a palindrome because there are no words containing "qe" or "qs", and only a few words that end in "q" (and could then be followed by a word starting with "e" or "s".
Goals: This almost doubles Hales' letter count, and quadruples Hoey's aspiration for word count.
Version 2: 17,826 Word Palindrome
Created: 7:00-2-11-2007 Words: 17,826 Letters: 74,663 Phrases: 14,382 Programs: pal2.py Palindrome: A man, a plan, a cameo, Zena, Bird, Mocha, ... (more) ..., Comdr, Ibanez, OEM, a canal, Panama! Storyboard: ... A man, a plan, a cameo, Zena,
Commentary: After a reader sent in a suggestion, I made 4 changes to the program:
“Overkill” by courts and investigative agencies have hampered the country's growth process in recent years, said Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley. There's a need, he said, to revisit certain provisions of the anti-corruption law.
“The overkill coming from various institutions has certainly not helped growth…The environment of suspicion with regard to decision making has to end,” he said while delivering the DP Kohli Memorial Lecture here. The annual function is organised in the memory of the first director of the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI).
Jaitley said this while referring to CBI investigations being monitored by courts. The Supreme Court has monitored the CBI's probe into allocation of coal blocks and 2G telecom spectrum, besides other high-profile cases.
The FM's opinion comes while trial is on over allocation of the Talabira-II coal block in Odisha to a joint venture of Hindalco Industries in 2005, in which former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh (also coal minister at the time of allocation), then coal secretary P C Parakh and leading industrialist Kumar Mangalam Birla were summoned by a trial court. After they approached the SC, the trial court's order was put on hold. There are charges of criminal conspiracy, breach of trust and of various provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act (PCA).
Jaitley said the judiciary started monitoring certain cases when it felt these were not being probed appropriately. However, what should have been a rare exception turned into a routine practice, which “squeezed” the discretionary powers of investigators and put them on the defensive.
As a result, he said, decision-making in the government had been hindered and restrained to a “pass-the-parcel game”, wherein officials fear giving their stamp on policy decisions.
“We were earlier told that investigation is police function and courts do not interfere. Today, courts supervise investigations; (this) puts the investigator on the defensive. He then follows the golden rule that if I submit a report (saying) the accused is prima facie not guilty, questions are going to be raised about it and, therefore, the golden rule is that I must somehow make the case and it's the good luck of the accused to get a fair trial. This process has actually hindered the whole process of economic decision-making,” said Jaitley.
Adding: “Decision making becomes a pass-the-parcel game. (As a result) Rather than I'm taking the decision, I put a non-committal role and allow the file to move, so that the ultimate decision is not taken by me.”
Also, Jaitley said, the PCA of 1988, the legislation under which CBI conducts most of its investigations, fails to capture the distinction between an act of corruption and an honest error by government officials. “A pre-liberalisation law needs to be re-looked with the changing economic realities,” he said.
Only decisions taken with corrupt motives and not an honest error should be criminally dealt with, said the FM.
Economic decision-making may be trial and error. It may also involve an element of risk-taking. Thus, the Act (should) adequately distinguish between an act of corruption and an act where a decision-maker makes an honest error.?
Jaitley termed many phrases defined in the Act such as public interest, peculiarly advantage, personal interest, etc, as ?vague.? As these terms are capable of more than one construction, he said, it gives the investigator an opportunity to interpret.
He said bureaucrats have to make quick policy decisions and this law was drafted keeping in mind the regulation of the pre-liberalisation era. ?Civil servants are scared that they will be hauled up because of these vague phrases in the 1988 Act, the golden rule that (CBI) investigators follow and this new institution,? Jaitley said.
Jitendra Singh, minister of state in the ministry of personnel, public grievances and pensions, present at the event, said the Union government would "certainly look into the disabling provisions" Jaitley referred to.
In the Hindalco case, the CBI had initially filed a closure report and this was quashed by the court. A fresh probe was sought, examining Singh and other government officials.
In his petition to the SC to quash to summon, Singh had argued that an administrative decision could be ?good or bad? but it was ridiculous to charge him with an act of criminality by alleging it was against public interest and caused loss of revenue to the exchequer.
PASSING THE PARCEL
I'm about to head out to RinCon, and before I left, I wanted to make sure I let everyone attending know that I'm doing what I think will be a pretty awesome fundraiser for Child's Play while I'm there.
First, some history: Way back in the olden days, when 8 bits were enough to blow your mind on a 13-inch television and digital watches were a pretty neat idea, the concept of the Dungeon Delve was born. It's pretty straightforward: a group of players and a Dungeon Master sit down together, and the players have 45 minutes or so to make it through the end of a short dungeon, while the Dungeon Master does his best to kill them. To delve ends when the players defeat the final boss (or solve the final puzzle, or something like that), the time limit is reached, or the players all die horrible but noble and heroic deaths.
It's different from the collaborative storytelling experience that we experience in my regular D&D games, but it's still a hell of a lot of fun, and the time limit makes it perfect for running at conventions.
So, with that bit of historical context in your heads, allow me to announce ...
Wil Wheaton's 2009 Dwarven Dungeon Delve of Doom! Benefitting the Child's Play Charity.
I'm going to run two delves; one on Friday at 6pm and one on Sunday at 12pm. There are five spots open for each delve, and they'll be available on a first come, first served basis starting on Friday when the con opens.
Because I'm doing this to benefit the Child's Play Charity, I'm asking for a $50 donation to get into the game. For that donation, you get:
A "very special, very awesome" gift bag from my friends at Wizards of the Coast. I don't want to ruin the surprise, but I talked to my friend there yesterday, and OMG is it going to be awesome. And special. But mostly awesome.
Your very own set of dice to take home with you, engraved for the occasion, and provided by the good people at Gamestation dot Net.
Your old pal, Wil Wheaton, as your Dungeon Master.
You'll also be supporting an absolutely wonderful and worthy charitable organization.
We'll provide the characters, the minis, the dice (though you are of course welcome to use your own) and the dungeon. All you have to bring is your imagination and a donation to Child's Play.
To get into the game, all you have to do is sign up at the main registration desk before the available slots are filled. Even if you've never played D&D before, you can still have a lot of fun, in a relaxed and non-serious environment, with players and a DM who will certainly help you understand what's going on.
I'm pretty sure these spots will fill up very fast, but even if you can't get into the game, there will be space to come and watch us, if you're interested in that sort of thing.
I came across a quote from Ang Lee made in 2012. It was during press for the film Life of Pi. Lee said he wouldn't have been able to do the film without learning about CGI during Hulk. He goes on to say, “My problem is that I took the whole thing too seriously. I should have had more fun with it, instead of all the psychodrama.”
I felt disappointed with that statement.
Hulk is one of the most underrated of the comic book movies. It was among the first of the modern “dark” comic movies, and was most likely very different from people's expectations. A cinematic Hulk had never been done before. Only the Bill Bixby / Lou Ferringo series and TV movies had created a live-action Hulk.
I'm sure the announcement of Ang Lee as director threw everyone for a loop. This is a man who doesn't stick to one genre. People may have thought he had the pedigree for action because of Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon. But among his prior films were Sense and Sensibility and The Ice Storm. Not exactly action-packed material. People were curious what kind of movie he would make.
So, he made it. And fans hated it. The actors said the atmosphere on set was “ridiculously serious.” Critics said the movie, about a 2,000 pound rage monster, took itself too seriously. One review I read said it should be, “Hulk smash, not Hulk deal with repressed childhood trauma.”
But the seriousness works. Because the movie is about Bruce Banner.
He is a serious character. The Spider-Man movies are light because Peter Parker is light. He enjoys being Spider-Man. He cracks jokes as he beats up bad guys because that's his nature. Yes, his uncle died indirectly because of Peter's irresponsibility. That has defined him, and helped guide him as a superhero. But at his core, he is a fun-loving teenager. Superhero movies should have a tone that is set by their character. Iron Man is fun because Tony is fun. Captain America is nostalgic because Steve Rogers is. Thor is very much Shakespearean.
But Hulk is about rage. It is about anger, desire, violence, and freedom from everything. To understand that, we need to understand Bruce Banner. What is it that drives him? What frightens him? What fuels this unrelenting rage he has? Those questions can't be effectively explored in ten-minute chunks between set pieces of “Hulk smash puny humans!” I've found that some of the most successful superhero films tend to have long stretches of character development between long action pieces. This gives filmmakers the chance to explore the characters and their motivations, thus creating a richer and more rewarding story. Then they pay off the audience's patience with loads of action.
That's why we needed to wait 45 minutes for the Hulk to appear. We needed to know about Bruce, his relationship with Betty, what demons Bruce has lurking in his head. When Hulk finally arrives, we understand why he transformed. It wasn't a random act. He didn't stub his toe and get mad. His first Hulk-out occurs when he finds out the truth that he has been lied to, that the very facts about his parents he believed for his whole life were false. He feels betrayed, he feels angry at his father, he's angry at Atheon trying to take over his research. We learn all of his frustrations beforehand, then they all come together at once, and he changes. As the story unfolds and Bruce learns more about himself and his past, the more we understand his pain and his rage. All four transformations in the film are a result of anger towards his father and the people trying to manipulate him.
His anger is central to the movie, and to the character itself. Hulk is rage incarnate. Lee's movie explores that; The Incredible Hulk and The Avengers don't.
They say the key to great comedy is playing it serious. No matter how ridiculous the scenarios are to the audience and no matter how much we are laughing, the characters need to believe that whatever they are doing is correct. They believe that it's the only way to go, they take the situation seriously. Superhero movies must do the same. The characters must believe that a man can fly, a billionaire can create superpowered suits, and scientists can turn into monsters. The more grounded in reality the fantasy is, the more acceptable it is to audiences. There can not be much room for nudge-nudge, wink-wink. If you do that, if the story isn't being taken seriously, then everything falls apart. It's no longer a real world we viewers are experiencing, it's a silly illusion.
To me 1989's Batman was the start of the serious trend. Unlike the campiness of the Adam West movie, Tim Burton fused his movie with darkness and realism. Gone was the spandex suit; it was replaced with sculpted body armor, a trend that has continued to this day. Burton took the image of man dressed as a bat and made it almost mythic. In the movie, Batman was something to be feared. People took him seriously. The tone of the story wasn't light, although that tone and seriousness was replaced as the movie series progressed.
It took Bryan Singer and X-Men to bring seriousness back to the superhero movie genre. Making a team of mutants and their universe more realistic and serious was a bigger challenge than Batman. These were people that could shoot energy out of their eyes and regularly used telepathy. But what Singer did was approach the movie as a film first, a comic book story second. He looked at the elements and decided what worked best in the real world.
That has been the successful approach to superhero movies recently. They have been getting directors who are filmmakers first, comic book fans second. People are now looking at these films as a way to explore ideas and themes in a fun and entertaining way.
I feel as movies become lighter and lighter, something is being lost. Lee's Hulk, at its heart, is a family drama. It's a man coming to terms with a past that has defined him but he can't remember, a father he has never known that has scarred him psychologically forever. Take away the superpowers and it is still a compelling look at a man's psyche. No other superhero film has delved so deep into the mind of its main character, and I feel that needs to be done. The original Spider-Man trilogy was very good at looking at Peter Parker as a character. I have nothing against spectacle and great set pieces of action, but they must be tempered with a great story and character development. The quiet times between the stunts need to reveal the hero beneath the mask and cape. The seriousness needs to comeback.
Not all superhero movies need to be doom and gloom. The films that resonated most with me, as moviegoer first and comic book fan second, are the ones who have looked at their hero most closely; films like Man Of Steel, The Dark Knight Rises, and Hulk. I want to see directors and writers take a chance on the property and really explore the hero.
Audio version
N
obody likes to crack notes, miss shifts, or play out of tune. Especially in front of an audience. But unless we decide to give up the experience of performing live, that's just something that comes with the territory.
And…right about now there's probably a voice in your head saying, “Yeah, ok, Captain Obvious – what's your point?”
Well, I was watching this interview with cellist Astrid Schween the other day, and heard her describe how important it is to understand the difference between practice mode and performance mode (it begins at 8:42 here).
Whereas practice mode is characterized by careful self-monitoring for mistakes and imperfections, analysis, and critique, performance mode is where we are focused more on sound, phrasing, and the beauty in a piece that we want an audience to experience. Which, when you think about it, are about 180 degrees in the opposite direction from one another.
So there is this interesting paradox about practicing, where the more time we spend in practice mode, the better we get at doing something that is a total no-no in performance (?!).
And what's so bad about playing out of tune or a barely perceptible tremor in our sound anyway? Well, for me, the honest answer is that playing less than perfectly made me feel embarrassed, especially in front of friends, teachers, or other musicians. But I suppose the “correct” answer is that the reason why these little imperfections of pitch, sound, rhythm, and so on matter, is that they detract from the beauty of the piece, and the listener's experience of the performance.
But how distracting are they really? And do our musician friends and colleagues who make us the most nervous really notice as many of the mistakes we think they do?
10 pianists. 1 hour. 4 pieces.
Well, these are tricky questions, and I don't know that we can come to a totally definitive conclusion, but there is an interesting Yale study that provides some surprising insights.
Ten Yale piano majors (9 grad students and 1 incoming student) were given an hour to learn and record four short pieces. Given the time constraints, their performances of these pieces obviously fell a wee bit short of perfection. Especially since if you really want to take things to a high level, there are a whole range of different types of imperfections that could exist in a performance, from sound to rhythm to intonation, and many more subtle details. But one obvious category of errors is whether we play the right notes or not.
And in that regard, the collective recordings of the pianists' performance of Chopin's D-flat Major Prelude contained 380 total note errors. Meaning, the pianists either a) played a wrong note, b) left out a note, or c) played a note where there was none written in the score.
Pianists grading pianists
Eight Yale undergraduate piano majors, all of whom were familiar with the piece (and two of whom had studied the piece), then listened to the recordings, uninterrupted, with blank, unmarked copies of the score.
They were asked to circle any wrong, missing, or added notes they heard in the recording. And that if they couldn't quite figure out what happened, circling a group of notes was ok too.
How many errors did they notice?
Before we get into the results, take a moment to guess how many of the note errors the pianists were able to detect. Or even better, what percentage of the note errors they noticed.
Got a number in mind?
Ok. So here's what happened.
Of the 380 errors, the eight pianists as a team, detected only 38% (i.e. 143). The highest individual score was 22% of errors detected, and one pianist caught only 7% of the errors.
There was surprisingly little overlap among the pianists too. Only 6 out of the 380 errors were noticed by all 8 pianists; 3 errors by 7 of the pianists; and 5 errors by 6 of the pianists.
Takeaways
The obvious limitation of this study is that given the sheer number of notes that pianists play, and the polyphonic nature of the instrument, it makes sense that a listener would be less likely to notice omitted or incorrect notes, especially if they occur in the inner voices. A different instrument's note errors, on the other hand, might stand out a little more clearly.
And when we're talking about experienced musicians like our teachers and the performers we look up to, who have cultivated great ears and musical insights over many decades, and also know the repertoire we're playing inside and out, the results of course may be different. Especially if the definition of errors is expanded to include musical nuance and many of the higher-order aspects of music that much of our work ultimately centers around.
Nevertheless, we do tend to be much more sensitive to the imperfections in our playing than others are. Because when we listen back to our own performances, we often realize how much less noticeable most errors are on the recording, compared with how catastrophic they seemed under our ear at the time. So all that energy we devote to beating ourselves up and feeling embarrassed about mistakes and imperfections in a performance is kind of wasted on stuff that not only goes unnoticed, but prevents us from attending to the interesting music stuff that we actually want an audience to hear.
So ultimately, it seems that the mistakes we make are probably much less distracting to the audience than we might assume. More than anything, it's probably the case that these mistakes distract us from the task at hand, and this hijacking of our attention is what gets in the way of our ability to play our best, and bring a little beauty into their world.
You know that feeling you get when you watch Elizabeth Warren take apart the bad guys, the ones who have crashed the economy, cheaped out on our wages and just made our lives all-around miserable? It's like that childhood nightmare when you're cornered by the Mean Girls, but miracle of miracles, your big sister shows up -- just in time to kick ass and take names.
Yeah, me too!
A wonderful profile on Senator Warren is the cover story in what is, unfortunately, the last issue of the Boston Phoenix:
In fact, it is the kind of behavior that would get a lot of new lawmakers smacked down hard, or marginalized into ineffectiveness. Few new Senators behave this way — other than the occasional bomb-thrower more interested in headlines than results. (Ted Cruz of Texas currently fits this category.) But Warren has an independence and authority that frees her to be outspoken without getting alienated. She can embarrass the Barack Obama administration for failing to send bankers to jail without fear. She can also react with righteous outrage when I asked about Obama's recent support of "chained Consumer Price Index (CPI)," which liberals view as a cut to Social Security benefits. When I suggest that most brand-new senators would not undercut their own party's president that way, she responds: "Better I should say this now, than wait to have anybody surprised about it later on." There's a reason for her confidence: not only does Warren have tremendous credibility on the issues, she is simply too popular, with too broad and devoted a following, for anyone to threaten — up to and including the Obama administration. She is not a career politician, entangled by the favors and deals traded on her way up the ladder. Some $25 million of the $41 million raised for her campaign came not PACs or big-dollar donors, but from individuals giving less than $200 each — an almost unprecedented national grassroots following, who stand ready to move as one to help Warren and her allies, and to oppose those seen as obstacles. That gives an extraordinary amount of independent power to a woman who isn't the least bit shy about wielding it. She is, in her own way, too big to fail.
But as we know, there's no easier way to become a target of the Democratic establishment, the librul media and the right-wing attack machine than to act like a real progressive:
"Behind the scenes she is being herself," Franken says. "She has strong progressive views. But, in her interactions she's a lovely, nice person." She also has the advantage of being able to work on a six-year time horizon — and, realistically, as long as she wants to stay there. And that might be what scares her Wall Street enemies the most. There is no amount of money, or scurrilous attacks, likely to cause her downfall at the polls. That will only make them more eager to find other ways to halt her efforts. They will counter-attack at every opportunity — as with the current attempt to derail Cordray's re-nomination — and undoubtedly plan longer-term strategies to limit her sway. After all, they are supposed to be too big to fail, not her. It will take much longer than three months to see which of them will ultimately leave standing.
So here's the thing: The more effective she becomes, the worse the attacks will be. We all know this. So it's really, really important that we have her back. Any time they go after her, we need to unleash the hounds of hell. And when we get those emails from Warren's PAC asking for contributions, we need to give her a few bucks, whenever we can spare it.
Because we have a national treasure in Sen. Warren, the People's Lobbyist.
What explains the superior cognitive abilities of the human brain compared to other, larger brains? Here we investigate the possibility that the human brain has a larger number of neurons than even larger brains by determining the cellular composition of the brain of the African elephant. We find that the African elephant brain, which is about three times larger than the human brain, contains 257 billion (10(9)) neurons, three times more than the average human brain; however, 97.5% of the neurons in the elephant brain (251 billion) are found in the cerebellum. This makes the elephant an outlier in regard to the number of cerebellar neurons compared to other mammals, which might be related to sensorimotor specializations. In contrast, the elephant cerebral cortex, which has twice the mass of the human cerebral cortex, holds only 5.6 billion neurons, about one third of the number of neurons found in the human cerebral cortex. This finding supports the hypothesis that the larger absolute number of neurons in the human cerebral cortex (but not in the whole brain) is correlated with the superior cognitive abilities of humans compared to elephants and other large-brained mammals.
Last week we broke the news that Bandwidth.com was launching a disruptive mobile carrier called Republic Wireless. The service will use special handsets that take advantage of Wifi networks whenever possible, and will fall back to a ‘normal' cellular connection whenever Wifi isn't available. A report from GigaOM pegs the price at a mere $19 per month — with unlimited text, data, and voice.
That's massive savings compared to the standard contracts offered by Verizon, AT&T, et al. But there's a catch: to use Republic Wireless, you need to buy a new handset (the devices are Android-based, but they use a special combination of hardware and software that can't be ported to other devices, at least not yet). Thankfully those handsets are going to be relatively inexpensive.
Numerous tipsters have written in to say they've just received the following email from Republic Wireless — and we've just confirmed with the company — that the handsets will be $99 for anyone who uses the code ‘welcome19' by November 27. And that's with no contract. After that early-signup period ends, the price will jump to $199, which is still significantly less expensive than most off-contract phones. Update: The code is welcome19, with a lowercase w — it won't work if you use a capital letter.
Initially, Republic Wireless will be using Sprint as its fallback when Wifi isn't available, but it sounds like it's working to offer service from other carriers as well. Here's the email that is starting to land in some early users' inboxes — the service's homepage is advertising a full launch tomorrow:
A Winnipeg woman says standing up for someone who was being harassed on a bus has left her with shattered teeth and a black eye.
Aisha Walker said on Saturday night she was riding the number 11 bus when a man walked on and began to talk to a young woman.
“He was being really sexually aggressive to a person who was clearly a stranger to him,” Walker said. “[And then] the guy got into a verbal altercation with me because he didn't like me blocking him from talking to the woman.”
READ MORE: Winnipeg bus passenger charged with assault after police said he choked another passenger
Walker said she put herself in between the man and the woman he was “grinding up against” and that an argument ensued. That's when things escalated.
“A third person, totally unrelated to the incident until that point, said that both me and the man were being stupid and we needed to shut up and sit down,” Walker said. “I said, ‘I don't know if you realize this, but I'm trying to defend a woman he was sexually harassing.'
“The guy stood up and said, ‘We can all step off the bus right now if that's how you want to deal with this.'”
Walker said she was shocked by the way the third person acted, but that she wasn't about to back down from supporting her fellow passenger.
READ MORE: Winnipeg woman beaten at bus stop Saturday, police searching for teen suspects
“So I said, ‘I don't understand what you're trying to prove or what that would accomplish because I'm just trying to protect this woman,'” Walker said. “Apparently that was the wrong thing to say to him.
“He sucker-punched me in the face…full force,” Walker said.
Walker claims that after punching her, the man got off the bus at the University of Winnipeg and fled the scene.
She said the transit driver was notified of the incident and offered to call for medical assistance after seeing Walker's state.
She declined the assistance, but filed a police report around 7:30 p.m. Saturday.
Walker sustained seven chipped teeth and a black eye in the incident. She says she feels her transgender identity could have played a role in the attack.
Const. Rob Carver of the Winnipeg Police Service said the incident is being investigated, but that police couldn't piece together exactly what transpired until transit security footage is reviewed. For now, the police are treating the incident as a “serious assault.”
READ MORE: Concrete thrown at Winnipeg Transit driver's head
Walker said she still can't believe no one else got involved in the situation.
“It was a really crowded bus, so I kind of expected someone to say or do something,” she said. “There were so many people who could've had a better chance at helping.”
Walker said, however, the incident has not deterred her from standing up for what she thinks is right.
“If I see someone getting harassed again, I will step in again and do the exact same thing.”
Earlier in 2016, Microsoft dropped a bombshell; it would be pulling official support for systems using Intel's new Skylake processors in Windows 7 and 8.1 as early as 2017. This came as quite a blow to the millions of users planning on using either of these operating systems and not upgrading to Windows 10.
In less than 12 months time, if your PC or laptop used a Skylake processor, such as the 6000-series Core i5-6600K or Core i7-6700u, you'd no longer receive updates to your operating systems if you used Windows 7 or 8.1, while users with older processors would.
As far as I know this was a first for Microsoft and was seen by many as yet another way to force people to upgrade to Windows 10. The company realized this and in March, the unpopular policy was changed to add an extra 12 months to the support period for Skylake systems - support would end in 2018.
However, in a surprise move, Microsoft has extended the deadline for Skylake-based Windows 7 and 8.1 systems for the second time - this time reaching all the way to January 2020 for Windows 7 and January 2023 for Windows 8.1 for security, reliability, and compatibility support. After July 2017, though, only the most critical updates will be rolled out for these older operating systems and only if Microsoft deems them compatible.
Microsoft's reasoning here is that it's working with Intel to better optimize Windows 10 for the latest processors, so there will come a point when creating the same improvements for older operating systems becomes impractical. This does make some sense, although this has rarely, if ever, been a problem since Windows existed with exceptions such as the move to 64-bit CPUs and operating systems so some still remain skeptical.
This might bail asome people out, but the future isn't quite as rosy if you plan on upgrading in the next 12 months. Microsoft is sticking to its stance that future processors will only be supported officially on Windows 10. This means that if you upgrade to Intel's next generation processors due in the next six months, code named 'Kaby Lake', or indeed AMD's Bristol Ridge or Qualcomm's 8996-based silicon, only Windows 10 will be supported in terms of receiving updates.
In the official post in the Windows Blog, Microsoft goes on to say that in future, the baseline for support will be the operating system that was current when the hardware was released. For Skylake that is indeed Windows 10, with Skylake having landed in August last year - a matter of days after Windows 10's launch on July 29th.
Seeing as security updates are paramount and reliability updates very important too, if you upgrade to a Kaby Lake processor when they're launched soon, the likelihood is you'll need to be running Windows 10 or at the very least, install updates manually; that would clearly be a pain and there's no guarantee that Microsoft won't write code into them that prevents installation on older operating systems too.
It's another mess in a long saga of issues for Windows 10, which passed its one year anniversary recently and also received a major update in the form of the aptly-titled Anniversary Update. However, at least if you plan on running your older operating system, for the time being, you'll continue to enjoy support for a few years yet.
Welcome to the first blog post regarding the development of Project Taurus, an arcade racing game. In this post, I'm going to discuss the roots of the project, as well as current progress.
Tools
One of the biggest choices to make in this stage of development is what tools to use. Which engine, which image editor, which modelling software to use.
I tried Amazon's Lumberyard and Unreal Engine before settling on Unity. Although some members of the GameDev community consider it the “rookie” engine to use, I found it's asset pipeline and scripting suited my needs best, as well as having a powerful object inspector and editor. Another box it ticked was the ability to extend it relatively easily, which allowed me to add some scripts to help on the importation of the .obj format I was using for the meshes, as well as a tree placer script (which doesn't just work for trees, any asset which requires random scaling and rotation with quick placement) which helped make the development process that much smoother.
For image editor, Photoshop is my go-to in every instance. Simply the power of the package makes life that much easier, while providing a strong base of tutorials if you ever need to find out how to do something new. Any images for press or the blog or the game are done through that.
For modelling, I could simply use something such as Blender, working with voxels would frankly be an absolute bitch. A tool I had come across in the past for working in a voxel art style was MagicaVoxel. This I found to be brilliant for my needs, and ticked everything I wanted. The built-in render allowed me to produce some of the images below, and the export options suited me well for Unity.
Style
The style of a game, whether it be art or setting, is always a huge factor in development. The Voxel art-style has always interested me, as you can achieve good looking results with relatively low amount of work. So the first step I took was to develop a basic car in order to see whether the style will work with this setup.
I was pleased with the result, based off of a Mini MK VII, specifically the rally variant. Obliviously, as I can't use the original name of the car, I decided to call it the Tiny MK VIII, as it bears resemblance to the original name. From the looks of the car, I decided the art style did work, and pursued to make another popular hatchback from the era, the Golf GTI MK 1.
Again I was happy with this, and decided to go with the name Gulf TGI Mk 1.
Map Development
Initially, I used a test map to begin testing all of the driving mechanics and how the cars worked in-game.
As you can see, it was extremely basic. But allowed me to test how cars worked, as well as how the assets looked in-game. Scaling was a huge issue initially, however, with some import scripts in Unity which I smashed together quickly and configuration of MagicaVoxel, I got that all sorted. One thing which eluded me for a while it was setting the origin point of objects. My aim was to get the pipeline and workflow down to the minimum effort required by me to add assets to the game, and I was reading several posts online about importing into Maya or 3dsMax and the such in order to reset the origin points. However, thankfully not too long ago MagicaVoxel added support for configuration the origin in the .obj export in the config file, making life that much easier.
The first map I decided to work on was a forest map, and to be simply known as forest through development until I settled on a name. Here is what I got together in MagicaVoxel:
I was happy with this, a lot of empty space around but I will cut down on that at a later date. Fast-forward a few days, add some major functionality here and there, alongside some camera effects so it looks even better and we ended up with this:
Oh, and did I mention, I made a coupe. Specifically a BMW M3 E30, the first mass-produced M car that shifted ass like no tomorrow. You can see the exhaust trails from beneath the car, as well as some functioning lights, and is that two cars? Yes. Yes it is. You can read some more about that below.
Multiplayer
One of the most important aspects of this game for me was multiplayer, and the game will revolve around that. Of course, there will be a significant single-player aspect. But I want this to be the game you launch up with a couple of mates for a few hours and dick about, race, time trials. Launch each other into space with some buggy tires and the such.
Unity ships with UNet, a surprisingly viable option for my multiplayer needs. However, another option could be Photon, which has all the bells and whistles and is promised by many to solve all of UNet's horrible and horrific downfalls. The problem is, I couldn't quite find just yet what they were. To this current point in development, I haven't found an issue which I wouldn't have had with Photon. I may be setting myself up for failure here, reaching a point down the line where I simply go “Oh fuck” and realise a fundamental flaw in UNet which prevents me from ticking one of the boxes in my brain for this game. But I cannot seem to find it.
Reading up online, I found one the major free-to-play successes of recent years, Unturned, was built upon UNet. With this reassurance that it does work, I decided to stick to UNet, and sally forth.
The goal is to have several game modes:
Free Mode – Where you just drive around, smash into stuff, test car's etc
Race Mode – Simple one-off race with friends, strangers, bots or simply nothing,
Trial – Several laps aiming to get the fastest time
Tournament – Which features several races, gain points each round and a podium finish at the end
Car Handling
One of the things I saw taking the most amount of time in development of this project is configuring and tweaking the handling of the cars. I elected to use the built-in WheelCollider component in Unity to base this off of. This required a Rigidbody on a parent object attached to the wheel. Simple to set-up, I was happy and away. As I correctly assumed, it took several hours to stop me from sliding about every time I even thought about changing direction. After several hours with the Tiny, I achieved this:
(Click on the image to see a higher-quality gfy)
The future
Taurus is early in development, so plenty of things are bound to change or be removed. I will delve into each section more deeply in the future as I both develop it further and increase my understanding of the topic. This isn't just a game I'm working on to eventually sell, but also a learning trip for me. My understanding of certain Physics aspects and Networking topics is ever increasing during the development.
I hope you enjoyed reading.
The chair of the Hamilton-Wentworth Catholic District School Board says officials take this concern "very, very seriously" and are taking action.
The union representing teachers at Cathedral High School is raising concerns about what they believe is a "disproportional amount" of staff there that have been diagnosed with cancer.
Sergio Cacoilo, president of the local Catholic secondary school teachers' union, said his members are worried about how the school site could be contributing to the number of cases of cancer among staff since 1995, which they say is 21.
The school, located at 30 Wentworth St. N., was constructed on an old Hamilton Street Railway site that was "contaminated," he said.
The union believes an old transformer remains underground on the site and could be "leaching into the ground."
"I'm not saying that's the case, but there is fear," Cacoilo said. "There's a lot of anxiety."
Chair Pat Daly said he is not aware of a transformer being buried on the site but has asked staff to look into it.
Daly said the HSR handled the cleanup of the site before the board purchased it in 1994. The board received clearance from the Ministry of the Environment before taking ownership, he said. The school opened in September 1995.
"We have no information to suggest that there is a connection between health and the school or the building," he said.
The union said it tallied the number of cases of cancer, which include lung, prostate and colorectal, from people who have taught at Cathedral since it opened at its current location. They arrived at this number by asking union representatives, teachers, principals and other staff to recall cases, Cacoilo said.
The union asked for the same to be done at other Catholic high schools in the city. Cacoilo said there is an average of about five or six cases at the other schools.
"It's not a scientific comparison by any means," he said.
Cacoilo said the issue came to light in the past couple weeks after a teacher at Cathedral was recently diagnosed with cancer and another member died over the weekend.
He said the union notified the board about its concerns approximately two weeks ago, and some teachers have concerns the board isn't acting quickly enough. Some teachers asked for transfers and others have been seeing their doctors or mental health professionals, Cacoilo said.
"It's not about slamming the board," he said. "This is about looking at the issue and seeing if there is a connection … between that place and the number of people being diagnosed with cancer."
Daly said senior staff became aware of the situation a week ago. Since then, the board has arranged a meeting with public health and will bring in a company to conduct environmental testing of air and soil, ideally over the Christmas break. The test results will be shared, he added.
In 1996, Bell Canada launched an investigation to find out why people working in what was the company's main Hamilton office at the time had developed cancer.
Initial tests indicated acceptable levels of emissions from office equipment, but some workers believed there was a link between the incidence of cancer and electromagnetic fields from computers.
But a McGill University epidemiologist concluded in 1997 that the high number of cancer cases among workers — initially believed to be 11 but eight were confirmed by the company — had occurred by chance.
Cacoilo said the union has notified the Ministry of Labour about the situation.
An inspector will be assigned to investigate the matter, a ministry spokesperson said in an email to The Spectator.
npaddon@thespec.com
905-526-2420 | @NatatTheSpec
New York Knicks new team president Phil Jackson (AP Photo/Richard Drew)
The New York Knicks are one of the league's most storied franchises. They have two championship banners (1970 and 1973) and 42 playoff appearances, including a 14-year run from 1988 to 2001 where they were a mainstay in the postseason.
And then things started to go south.
Isiah Thomas and Mike D'Antoni struggled to get the most from their teams from behind the bench. Free agency moves left more questions than answers (Eddie Curry, Steve Francis and Antonio McDyess highlight some of the worst trades in franchise history) and the obsession with trading away first-round picks is only subdued by the Stepien rule, which prevents teams from trading future picks from consecutive years.
[Why the Lakers won't be much better next season]
The futility, however, hasn't stopped the optimism.
It wasn't long ago that Phil Jackson and Carmelo Anthony both thought the Knicks would make the playoffs last season. New York, of course, went 17-65 and posted the worst adjusted margin of victory (minus-9.5) in the team's history, showing they are in need of something other than a quick fix.
But give credit to the organization for building a basketball roster that is much better than they previously had.
[DeAndre Jordan, Dwyane Wade signings will reshape NBA standings]
Rookie Jerian Grant is an improvement over Tim Hardaway Jr.
Hardaway was a volume shooter (10.2 per game) who had trouble making baskets (47.4 effective field goal percentage).
Tim Hardaway, Jr. shot chart, 2014-15 regular season
His best skills were spotting up opponents (1.08 points per play) or running in transition (1.12 points per play) but he struggled handling the ball on the pick and roll, turning it over 19 percent of the time while scoring at least one point on just 30.5 percent of all pick-and-roll plays.
Here is one where Hardaway (green arrow) tries to make the pass to Jason Smith (yellow arrow), only for it to be picked off by Orlando's Tobias Harris (red arrow).
Grant, on the other hand, emerged as a consensus first-team all-American this past season, leading Notre Dame to the ACC championship and the Elite Eight while posting 16.5 points, 6.7 assists and three rebounds per game. He shot 47.8 percent from the field and showed an ability to stretch a defense beyond the three-point line.
Unlike Hardaway, Grant was adept at running the pick and roll, which accounted for 27.7 percent of his possessions last season in which he scored 0.83 points per play with a 19.8 turnover percentage. Among Division I players passing the ball to the screen setter at least 50 times, only Gonzaga's Kevin Pangos (1.46) generated more points per play than Grant (1.40).
Grant also scored at least a point in transition 59.5 percent of the time.
Signing Robin Lopez
Lopez has a top-10 offensive rebounding percentage (12.7 percent) for the second consecutive season. He is also one of the league's better pick-and-roll screeners, scoring at least one point 58.3 percent of the time and 1.17 points per play, putting him in the 86th percentile. His post-up ability is also elite, generating 1.06 points per play with his back to the basket
The 7-footer held opponents to a lower percentage at the rim against him (47.1 percent) than either DeAndre Jordan (48.5 percent) or Marc Gasol (49.5 percent), and saved his team 8.5 points per 36 minutes, the sixth most in the league.
According to Seth Partnow, Lopez provides the exact sort of solidity both on the boards and defensively needed for a foundation:
Among the set of 100 or so regular rotation bigs in the NBA last year, the lowest proportion of Lopez's rebounds were these uncontested defensive types. Conversely his now ex-teammate LaMarcus Aldridge was among the leaders in the highest proportion of uncontested defensive rebounds. While this puts more of an onus on Lopez to actually collect more of these rebounds, there is very little reason to suspect he won't be able to expand into that void. Perhaps more importantly, Lopez's willingness to battle will be vital to a team who gave up the 2nd highest rate uncontested offensive rebounds off of opponents' misses last season, with 9.5% of all forced misses being recovered by the offense with no Knick nearby.
Plus, adding Lopez helps move Anthony to the stretch-four, where he can be better defensively by not having to chase down quicker players on the wing.
Arron Afflalo will provide secondary scoring
The Knicks signed Afflalo to a two-year, $16 million contract, giving them a shooter who can create his own shot while providing solid defense.
It isn't ideal, but Afflalo is a strong midrange shooter, hitting 46.1 percent of those shots last season. That will work in New York, who ranked fourth in the NBA in field goal attempts per game between 15-19 feet last season.
Arron Afflalo shot chart, 2014-15 regular season
He also has chemistry with Anthony from their time together in Denver. They shared 2,636 minutes between 2009-10 and 2010-11 and were four net points per 100 possessions better than their opponents.
Defensively he allowed 0.84 points per possession with Portland and 0.81 points per possession during his time with Denver last season.
It doesn't mean the Knicks are fixed, but a solid rebuilding process is underway.
Per play stats from Synergy Sports
hidden
Delhi government has decided to bring all autorickshaws and taxis under one app facilitating commuters to book them through smartphones during a 15-day trial of odd-even scheme starting January 1.
Transport Minister Gopal Rai said that PoochO app will be launched on December 22, a day when 'Car-Free Day' will be organised on Vikas Marg in East Delhi's Lakshmi Nagar area.
On Friday, Rai held a meeting with representatives of city's auto and taxi unions to roll out a plan so that people won't have to face problems in hiring taxis and autorickshaws from January 1 to 15.
There are around 80,000 autorickshaws and 30,000 taxis plying in the national capital. After the launch of PoochO app, commuters will be able to book autos and taxis using their smartphones on the lines of app-based private taxi service providers.
"Under PoochO app, we will launch two separate Apps, one for passengers and another one for drivers. Government will run an awareness campaign for drivers of taxis and autos to register themselves before December 22. They can send their details on mobile number 9958694311 for their registration," Rai told a press conference in New Delhi.
The Minister said that city's autos and taxis will come under PoochO app which can be downloaded on phones from Google Play Store and thereafter, people will have to ensure GPS of their phone is on, and can find out the nearest auto to them through maps.
In July last year, Lt Governor Najeeb Jung had launched PoochO app which allows people to access the DIMTS database of registered drivers' mobile numbers and call them up to book a ride.
The Minister said that PoochO app will only work on those auto and taxis having Global Positioning System (GPS), adding that there are around 75 percents of autorickshaws which are GPS-enabled.
"In today's meeting, we have also asked auto and taxi drivers to be in queue at 'Halt & Go' stands so that traffic could not be disturbed on roads," he said.
According to the Minister, government will organise Car-Free Day on Vikas Marg in Lakshmi Nagar area of East Delhi. A cycle rally will also be held that day. Delhi government yesterday decided to add an additional fleet of 6,000 buses to the capital's roads to enhance public transport besides increasing frequency of metro trains and allowing more autos on the roads.
AAP government has decided to strictly implement National Green Tribunal's order to slap a fine of Rs. 5,000 against officials concerned including park in-charges if burning of leaves and garbage was detected in their areas.
PTI
Tech2 is now on WhatsApp. For all the buzz on the latest tech and science, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Tech2.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Stephen Harper will use a speech to Conservative Party faithful in the weeks or months ahead to try to rebuild relations with rank-and-file Tories disenchanted by the Senate expenses scandal.
His June 27 address to the Conservative convention in Calgary — postponed after flooding overwhelmed the city's downtown core — was to be the first step in an effort to regain control of the federal political agenda, an effort that will include changes in the Prime Minister's Office and a cabinet shuffle in mid-summer.
After losing Nigel Wright, his chief of staff, amid an expenses scandal that has plagued the Senate and overwhelmed the Tories, Mr. Harper is looking to rearrange his suite of aides. Jenni Byrne, a trusted and loyal adviser who's now director of political operations for the Conservative Party, is one name that has surfaced within the PMO as a possible addition to the team, according to a source.
Story continues below advertisement
By late July or early August, Mr. Harper will also shuffle his cabinet, sources say.
Flooding in Calgary has delayed the convention. The Tories announced Saturday they are postponing the event until a later date that has not been decided yet.
Tories privately say they are fighting complacency and malaise in their own ranks after a string of Harper Senate appointees and their improper expense claims have soured the government's credibility on the Senate and marred its record in office.
Even among staunch Conservative MPs, there's a concern the government doesn't have more signature accomplishments to show for winning a majority two years ago. And they're unhappy that the Senate has become a liability for the government as it waits for the Supreme Court to rule on what options are available for dealing with the Red Chamber.
Once, Stephen Harper looked like a reformer on the Senate; now the very people he appointed to the chamber – including Mike Duffy – are fuelling nationwide anger.
This has angered rank-and-file Conservatives, many of whom come from Reform Party roots where reforming the Senate was a key article of faith.
Mr. Harper needs to woo them back in his convention speech and re-energize the core of his party that will be expected to crank up the Conservative campaign machine as the clock ticks down to an expected 2015 ballot.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
"The Senate stuff is bad," one Conservative official said. "The convention is a time to repair those bridges and get [party members] committed to 2015."
Mr. Harper will try to make a persuasive case that he has done something with his majority, reeling off the list of accomplishments that a Tory audience would appreciate, including a slew of crime bills and the dismantling of the Canadian Wheat Board's monopoly.
A second step in rebooting the Harper administration will be a reorganization of the PMO, the nerve centre of the government, that is expected in the weeks ahead.
Ms. Byrne is known for her hard-driving and highly partisan style. She previously served as director of issues management in the Prime Minister's Office. She was also the national manager of the 2011 Conservative campaign that won Mr. Harper his first majority government.
Should she return to the PMO, Ms. Byrne's appointment would be seen as a sign that the PMO is trying to exert even sharper control over government messaging. Those who know her describe her as ideologically conservative on matters such as gun control or Israel but also somebody "who would walk in front of a bus for Harper."
The scope of the cabinet shuffle is still undecided.
Story continues below advertisement
That's in part because Finance Minister Jim Flaherty has made it clear he has no wish to step down. Mr. Harper had asked ministers to inform him if they planned to run again – so he can decide whether he wants to make changes as he builds a cabinet team that will be ready to showcase going into the next election. Mr. Harper will have a bigger rejigging on his hands if he chooses to replace Mr. Flaherty.
INDIANAPOLIS—Saying the decision would become effective immediately, The NCAA announced Saturday that it was suspending the Penn State football team another three years after remembering everything they did. “Holy shit, you know what, you guys are definitely getting suspended again for all that shit,” said NCAA President Mark Emmert, revealing that after the entire NCAA board suddenly recalled that high-level people throughout Penn State deliberately protected a child rapist for decades, the program would be banned from playing games until 2020. “I can't believe we didn't give you motherfuckers a lifetime ban to begin with. What the hell were we thinking? That's some seriously fucked-up shit that nobody should ever get away with.” Emmert then added that there would be “no fucking way” the NCAA would hear any appeals from Penn state.
Alex Shams – Some say that Tehran is not an old city. Because it was founded only in the early 1800's, many argue that the Iranian capital shares little in the way of wonder and beauty with the ancient cities dotting the country's central provinces. In contrast to names like Esfahan, Shiraz, and Yazd, “Tehran” does not conjure up memories of Persian dreamscapes or Orientalist paintings for most people. Some go even further, saying that the Tehran they know is an ugly city of concrete and metal, a city of highways and taxis and endless suburbs.
Of course, that Tehran is always there. Framed by the high peaks of the Alborz mountains, Tehran is a city of lights and frenzy and motion and modernity. But those who only see the Tehran of concrete and modernity would be mistaken to think that this Tehran is the only Tehran.
Finding Tehran's old city takes a great deal of exploration and patience. From the 1870's onwards, Iran's leaders engaged in a process of reshaping Tehran's urban fabric that totally remade the city's aesthetic character. Large chunks of the historic core were razed to make way for wide boulevards, and these were lined with look-a-like storefronts that gave the impression of a movie set. The wide streets of downtown Tehran today are thus perfectly perpendicular to each other and give the impression of order and modernity.
The Shah's Tehran was a city of appearances, however. While he put great effort into demolishing large chunks of the city to build boulevards suited to automobile traffic, he did not touch the old neighborhoods that sit between these boulevards. If you speed through the oldest neighborhoods of Tehran in a car, you see only modern shopfronts. However, if you walk down an alleyway in any direction from these boulevards, you immediately enter a world of winding passageways, old mud walls, and 19th century mansions.
Old Tehran's urban fabric is a metaphor for the Shah's modernization project as a whole: while the exterior of Iranian society changed dramatically, behind the curtains for most people things remained much the same as they had been.
Exploring old Tehran gives you a chance to explore the world that existed behind the curtains of Pahlavi secular modernity. The Mervi Bazaar, named after the ancient trading center of the same name in contemporary Turkmenistan, is still a major commercial avenue in the area. Just a few streets up from the Grand Bazaar of Tehran, Mervi Bazaar serves as a portal to the oldest quarters of the old city. The Westernmost entrance to the street is located on Naser Khosro Avenue, directly behind Golestan Palace.
Wandering south east through the bazaar leads you gradually out of the commercial corridors and into the old alleyways of the neighborhood of Oudlajan. Historically an area with a large Jewish population, today the neighborhood is one of the city's oldest and is dotted with architectural treasures most Iranians from outside the neighborhood have no idea exist!
The neighborhood around Imamzadeh Yahya is home to the densest concentration of historical sites. The Imamzadeh itself is a 13th marvel topped by a deep turquoise cone, and visiting the shrine offers insight into the role of religious spaces in contemporary Iranian life. An “Imamzadeh” is the tomb of any person descended from the Prophet Muhammad, and both Iraq and Iran are dotted with these small shrines that are often a kind of community center for urban neighborhoods, villages, and rural settlements alike. They are sometimes compared to saints' tombs in Western Catholicism. Although the primary purpose of these shrines is worship and contemplation, they are often used as spaces of daily gathering, especially for women.
The day I went, for example, the men's section was occupied by a few men praying and reading (and even sleeping!). The women's section, however, was crowded with dozens of women and children hanging out and chatting and distributing sweets (children would periodically run from the women's section to give out candy in the men's section as well). Because shrines are religious spaces, anyone can go and stay there as much as they want, and because they are gender-segregated, they offer a convenient way for women to gather and hang out with friends and relatives if they get tired of being around nosy male relatives.
Because the author of this piece is gendered male, he was only able to snap photographs in the men's section. The above pictures shows the central pillar of the shrine from the relatively empty men's side. The tomb of Yahya is in the center of the pillar, while the small partition on the right of the picture divides the men and women's sections into neat halves. The picture below is of the mirror work and decoration around the tomb itself.
A few meters down the street is a 19th century mansion dating from the Ghajar period called Khaneye Kazemi. Its simple but handsome brick structure is graced by colorful tiles and a beautiful garden that offer a glimpse of wealthy Tehrani life in the period of the nations' first modernizing regime. The mansion's style thus appropriately mixes traditional Tehrani brick architecture with a number of Western features, reflecting the European aspirations of much of the Iranian merchant class in the late 1800's. The mansion todays hosts a museum.
The streets of Oudlajan are full of similar such architectural and historical treasures, but the greatest pleasure of wandering the area are the streets themselves. The tight alleyways and small shops offer a glimpse of a kind of urban fabric increasingly rare in Iranian cities. In some places badgir poke out from above the roofs of old houses. These wind towers trap cool air in the summer and offer an ancient and environmentally conscious form of air conditioning in the summer, while providing an outlet for temperature regulation in the winter as well.
So far, neither Iranian nor foreign tourists have really woken up to the beauty of Tehran's historic core, and Oudlajan is not the kind of place you'll find in a tour guide. Historical preservation has become a priority in Tehran in the last few years, but luckily the restoration of historical sites in the area has been managed in such a way so as not to disrupt the neighborhood's way of life.
Although Tehran is a famously modern city, those who pass through and see only the cafes and trendy shops of the Iranian capital's north miss out on a great piece of the story of modern Iran. The drive to build a secular society under the Shahs and the grassroots resistance to this top-down project were concentrated in the oldest quarters of the Iranian capital. With the transition from secular modernity to Islamic modernity these neighborhoods lost their status as bastions of cultural resistance, and today their quiet streets offer a reminder of the complexity and diversity of Iranian society and history. The alleyways of Oudlajan play host to spaces of religiosity and mercantilism, and their relevance or lack thereof to daily neighborhood life offer a fascinating glimpse of modern Tehrani life in one of the capital's oldest neighborhoods.
Jacksonville Jaguars quarterback Blaine Gabbert had a rough rookie season, to say the least. He finished the year leading the worst passing offense in the NFL and showing slight improvement overall through the season. Gabbert was clearly in over his head and not quite ready to start in the NFL. He was one of those rookies that needed the NFL offseason, which was robbed from him with the NFL lockout.
Heading into the 2012 season, the Jaguars have hired an entire new coaching staff. The heavy lifting of the hiring was done by the man who drafted Blaine Gabbert with the 10th overall pick, Jaguars general manager Gene Smith, fresh off a three-year contract extension. A big focus of the Jaguars coaching search was going after a head coach who would be willing to work with Gabbert, as he's the quarterback of the future the Jaguars drafted. In Mularkey's introductory press conference, he backed Blaine Gabbert and said he had seen enough from him on film to believe he will be a franchise quarterback.
Fast forward to March, and suddenly there is a quarterback controversy. The Jaguars signed free agent quarterback Chad Henne to a two-year deal, to be the team's back up quarterback. There are some folks however who believe that Henne will win the Jaguars starting job by Week 3 of the 2012 NFL Preseason.
Mike Mularkey insists there is no quarterback controversy and Gabbert is the team's starting quarterback. "No, it's not (a competition). Blaine's our starting quarterback," Mularkey told NFL Networks Albert Breer over the phone. "We feel good about him."
Those words generally ring hollow however, especially in Jacksonville.
Jaguars fans have seen this act play out before, under former head coach Jack Del Rio. Back in February of 2007, Del Rio pronounced that Byron Leftwich was the team's starting quarterback and then he was released in favor of David Garrard a week before the regular season started. Last season, Del Rio proclaimed Garrard the Jaguars starting quarterback all through training camp, but Garrard was also released a week before the regular season started.
The situation with Gabbert and Chad Henne this season however is different.
Simply put: Blaine Gabbert has to be the Jaguars starting quarterback.
"We've got a huge amount invested in Blaine," Jaguars owner Shahid Khan said in January. "Our fate is tied to him. We can't win without him."
The Jaguars invested a Top 10 draft pick to Blaine Gabbert, trading up to get him in the first-round of the 2011 NFL Draft. The Jaguars invested 14 regular season games to Gabbert's development last season and made it a focal point of their head coaching search after Jack Del Rio was fired. The Jaguars invested in free agent wide receiver Laurent Robinson and first-round draft pick Justin Blackmon this offseason to provide Gabbert with some weapons.
Jaguars general manager Gene Smith is tied to Gabbert, as general managers generally are with their quarterback picks. Smith goes how Gabbert goes, both good and bad. It would be relatively nonsensical for the general manager who's job is tied to the quarterback to bring someone in to beat him out the very next season. If Chad Henne winds up being the Jaguars starting quarterback to open the regular season and Blaine Gabbert is not injured, then Gene Smith should be out of a job because that means he completely missed on his quarterback.
For Chad Henne to truly "beat out" Blaine Gabbert before the season actually starts, he would have to play some of the best football of his NFL career while Blaine Gabbert simultaneously shows absolutely no improvement from last season whatsoever. In this situation, if the quarterbacks play is close it will and should default to the 22-year old first-round draft pick, not the 26-year old veteran quarterback who's struggled to be an average starter. Not only has Henne struggled to be even an average NFL starter, what are you going to accomplish with Henne starting? Is Chad Henne going to get you to the NFL playoffs?
The Jaguars owe it to themselves to continue with Blaine Gabbert to start the 2012 season to make sure he's not what they think, or to see a glimpse that he is what they think. The only way to find out what he is for sure is to play him.
Blaine Gabbert has to be the Jaguars starting quarterback when the 2012 season begins. What happens after that however, is entirely up to Blaine Gabbert.
For more on the Jacksonville Jaguars, visit SB Nation's Jaguars blog Big Cat Country.
You've probably read our earlier reports on plans to upzone most of the UDistrict neighborhood for highrises – adding amounts of both residential and commercial development at a scale that threatens the existing physical and social character of the community. But you may not be aware of the U of W plans for highrises on the campus itself – as tall as 17 stories. First regarding ongoing plans to upzone the neighborhood:
On November 16th The City Council has scheduled what may be it's one and only public hearing on the proposed changes before the matter goes back to the City Council's Land Use Committee and possible votes on the plan as early as December. Housing advocates and resident organizations from the UDistrict strongly urge you to attend and speak against the City's plans “if you care about the future not only of the UDistrict but our City”. Here are the particulars:
When? November 16. Open house 5:30, presentation 6, public hearing 6:15.
Where? Hotel Deca, 4507 Brooklyn Ave NE
Within “ground zero” of the area of the upzone there are over 1500 units of existing low income and affordable housing and many dozens of small businesses. All are threatened by these plans driven largely by large property owners and the U of W.
Groups including Livable UDistrict, UDistrict Community Council, and the Seattle Displacement Coalition are opposing these highrise plans and instead are calling on the City to instead adopt measures to mitigate the runaway growth we're already seeing in the District under the existing zoning code. The community in fact now has 2-3 times the zoned capacity needed to accommodate expected growth projections through 2035 and is drowning in record levels of new construction as it is. These groups say set aside plans to fan the flames of still more runaway growth and instead “put first things first”: impose requirements that developers pay impact fees to cover some of these infrastructure costs for added School capacity, transportation, and parks and open space systems demanded by current growth. And they want developers to replace 1 for 1 at comparable price, any low income housing they tear down.
The UDistrict Upzone is effectively the first of the Mayor's planned “HALA upzones” and one of the most egregious examples of how his plan ignores community needs. Neighborhood and housing advocate groups in the UDistrict point out that if and when they get away with these changes to the UDistrict “they'll be coming for your neighborhood next”. They're strongly urging all to attend and speak out on the 16th at the public hearing.
U of W seeks city approval for changes to it's ‘Campus Master Plan' that would bring even more highrises to the neighborhood – including 17 story buildings on campus
The Campus Master Plan changes (about a year behind the upzone plans for the neighborhood) are currently undergoing environmental review and more details on this process can be found here. Here are graphics of the likely build-out. A hearing was held earlier this week but written testimony will be accepted through November 21st. Here's video of last night's hearing courtesy of Mike McCormick. Residents of the University community point out that these changes also threaten the future of the neighborhood. They're urging the public to join community efforts to challenge these plans.
Changes to Campus Master Plan would take place on campus, east of the current campus, and along and south of Campus parkway to Portage Bay. The City now is taking comments on the EIS for these changes driven singularly by the U of W.
When combined with the City's Highrise Upzone Plans for the neighborhood, it would accommodate levels of commercial development exceeding Amazon's meteoric growth in South Lake Union. The U of W is seeking amendments to the Campus Plan that would allow another 12.9 million square feet of commercial space, but they say they expect to develop ‘only' 6 million sq ft over the next 10-20 years. Gee the neighborhood is getting a real break here; only another 6 million square feet.
Let's a add to that the capacity for another 4 million square feet accompanying the UDistrict Neighborhood Highrise Upzone (with added capacity for 20,000 jobs – assume conservatively 200 sq ft per employee equals 4 mil. sq ft) and we're looking at growth over the planning period for another 10 million sq ft of new commercial space crammed into the UDistrict under both neighborhood and U of W campus upzones (with capacity for another 6.9 million on campus. )
Ten million sq ft of office space translates into about 50,000 jobs the U of W and City Planners would like to accommodate. If only 40 percent live in the suburbs (altho it'll be more). And lets say only 30 percent of them drive alone, that's about 6000 additional cars coming into the UDistrict every day to a community already facing near gridlock every rush hour….
Again in the area of the neighborhood upzone we're looking at 1500 existing affordable units – all placed at risk over the planning period….. this was and is an important source of affordable housing for U of W service employees etc…… so we'll see many of them displaced living further out and commuting longer distances to the U of W as well.
Where is the capacity and infrastructure and affordable housing for all of this planned growth….. Combined (or even singly) these plans will destroy the physical, historical, and unique social character of the district. Its multicultural mix of first generation shops and businesses along the Ave (the final plan calls for increased heights even north of 45th on Ave). all of it on the line…. a set of campus plans and city plans that reflect callous disregard for the neighborhood's existing character.
South Lake Union right now has about 8-10 million sq ft of office space total – and may get 3 million more due to Amazon expansion over the next 5 years or so….
Together these land use changes on campus and adjacent to campus turn the UDistrict into another downtown for Seattle.
Why not locate a significant portion of the office space planned for the U of W main campus at their satellite campuses such at Bothell and Tacoma and closer to where many if not most of their new employees (and many of the students and teachers) will be living anyway….. taking pressure of the UDistrict community and our city as a whole. That is more environmentally sound (by reducing commutes and commute distances and number of cars on roads into and out of Seattle) putting most of those jobs closer to where people will choose or for economic reasons choose to live.
IDEAS Kirsten Salyer is a writer and the former Deputy Editor of TIME Ideas
Snow White, Cinderella and the rest of the Disney Princess gang have some explaining to do.
A new study from Brigham Young University found that engaging with Disney princess culture could make young children more susceptible to gender stereotypes.
The small study, by family-life professor Sarah M. Coyne, looked at how much 198 preschoolers interacted with Disney princesses—through movies, toys and merchandise—and then assessed their behavior through reports from parents and teachers and a task in which the children were asked to rank their favorite toys among stereotypical “girl” options such as dolls, stereotypical “boy” options such as tool sets and gender-neutral options such as puzzles.
The researches found that 96% of girls and 87% of boys had viewed Disney princess media, and more than 61% of girls played with princess toys at least once a week, compared to 4% of boys. For both boys and girls, engagement with Disney princesses was associated with more female gender-stereotypical behavior a year later.
The study found that the influence could be good for boys—it could encourage better body esteem and being more helpful. But it could be damaging to girls—it could make them more susceptible to having bad body esteem and less confidence.
Of course, this is just one, small study. But it comes during a larger cultural conversation about the potential effects that Disney princesses and other gender-normative toys could have on young girls and boys.
Just like Barbie, the thin, perfectly proportioned, predominantly white characters perpetuate a potentially harmful ideal of beauty. As Peggy Orenstein outlined in her 2012 book Cinderella Ate My Daughter, an obsession with beauty can increase girls' vulnerability to issues including eating disorders, depression and risky sexual behavior. Other research has shown that some Disney Princess films feature male characters speaking more often that women, which raises additional questions about the example these princesses set for girls' independence and confidence.
So what are parents to do? Coyne told BYU News the answer may be moderation. “Have your kids involved in all sorts of activities, and just have princesses be one of many, many things that they like to do and engage with.”
Contact us at editors@time.com.
When Angela Merkel took over as German chancellor in 2005, she may have been the first female head of the federal government, but all 16 of the country's powerful state governors were men.
That male face of regional power in Germany, however, has been slowly changing. First the eastern state of Thuringia and then North Rhine-Westphalia in the west have since seen women take the helm. And now a third woman is soon to take the reigns of state power. This weekend, Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer, a member of Merkel's Christian Democratic Union (CDU) party, was named as successor to Peter Müller, governor of western state of Saarland. So is Germany slowly becoming a bastion of women's power?
It may be premature to draw that conclusion, but it is certainly becoming less male-dominated. Kramp-Karrenbauer, a 48-year-old mother of three, belongs to a new generation of conservative women politicians who have managed to pursue successful careers while having children, something not always taken for granted in what can still be a very traditionalist country. Another example is the popular Labor Minister Ursula von der Leyen, a mother of seven.
Kramp-Karrenbauer, the most popular politician in Saarland according to opinion polls, has said that the "difficulties of combining a job and a family were what led me to become politically active in the first place."
'New Way of Thinking' in the CDU
"She is a CDU female politician who cultivates an image of a modern woman who combines family and career," says Bettina Munimus, a political scientist based in Berlin. "It is interesting that there are such women in the conservative CDU and that they are making their careers there. Things seem to be changing somewhat."
Doris Pack, a CDU member of the European Parliament and former head of the party's women's association, says things have indeed changed in the party. She says that there is a "new way of thinking" in the CDU, one which accepts that women want to work and have families.
It is a conundrum in Germany that while women are not well represented at all in the higher echelons of business, they do surprisingly well in politics, ranking 18th in the world for female participation in the national parliament, with just over 32 percent of representatives in the Bundestag being women. In comparison, none of the 100 top German companies has a female CEO, and only 2.2 percent of the members of their executive boards are women.
Kramp-Karrenbauer became Germany's first female state interior minister in 2000 and has been deputy leader of the CDU in Saarland since 2003. Following her nomination this weekend, she will be sworn in as state governor this summer, once Müller steps down.
Neither Kramp-Karrenbauer nor the female CDU governor of Thuringia, Christine Lieberknecht, had to face an election to clinch the top state job. Lieberknecht took over after the departure of Governor Dieter Althaus in 2009, who resigned after the party lost its absolute majority in the state elections of that year and did not even have enough seats to form a coalition with the pro-business Free Democrats. Lieberknecht became the CDU's first female state premier after forming a coalition with the Social Democrats.
'Women Often Seem to Need Male Mentors to Get Ahead'
Munimus says a feature of German politics is that women are often encouraged in their political careers by a male patron. "Women often seem to need male mentors to get ahead," she says. "Men, on the other hand, form old-boys' networks, and they help each other to forge a career. Women have yet to build explicitly female networks," she points out, adding that women often take over after a man has run into difficulties. "Either a man has to fail or has to go of his own accord to make room for them."
In many ways Chancellor Merkel fits into that mould. A protégé of former Chancellor Helmut Kohl, she took over the party in 2000 after Wolfgang Schäuble, the current finance minister, had to step down due to a party donations scandal. She then finally got her shot at the chancellorship after the failure of candidate Edmund Stoiber, former governor of Bavaria, against SPD Chancellor Gerhard Schröder in the 2002 election.
And the first-ever female governor in Germany, Heide Simonis of the Social Democrats, only came to power in the northern state of Schleswig-Holstein after her predecessor, Björn Engholm, resigned due to a scandal in 1993. Once in power, she remained governor for 12 years.
"Once women are in office, they are often very popular and are on a par with men in how they work," says Munimus, who has written a book on Simonis' career. "However, they have to break through this glass ceiling first."
Pack, however, takes issue with the term mentor. She argues that women have been given a helping hand by male "friends and colleagues with whom they have worked for years, who recognized their strengths and encouraged them."
Yet successful women in German politics are not solely reliant on male patronage. Hannelore Kraft, SPD leader of North Rhine-Westphalia, for example, fought a tough election battle in 2010 and then led difficult negotiations to form a minority coalition with the Greens that is tolerated by the Left Party. Both of the latter parties in that state, incidentally, are also led by women.
A Different Leadership Style Required
Other women could soon be joining the ranks of state governors. In Berlin, Renate Künast, the Green Party floor leader in the Bundestag, is seen as a serious challenger to incumbent Klaus Wowereit of the SPD in the state election there this coming September. Meanwhile, the CDU's Julia Klöckner could give the SPD governor of Rhineland-Palatinate, Kurt Beck, a run for his money in a state election in March.
Whatever their path to power, there is little doubt that the increasing number of women in German politics is shaping the country's political culture. There is less of the macho politics of old and more of a consensual approach. Long gone are the testosterone-fuelled Schröder-Fischer years of the SPD-Green coalition from 1998-2005 when Alpha males battled it out to get their way.
Munimus argues that the new fragmented party system, which increasingly requires the forging of coalitions, "has demanded a different leadership style. And that can often require a style that has more female characteristics: negotiation, openness, taking various positions into account."
"Women can sometimes work better in teams," Pack says, arguing that they have learned not to try to emulate male ways of exercising power. "One cannot react to everything immediately; sometimes one has to decide whether to act right away or reflect and then act," she says, pointing out that this is something that Merkel has certainly learned.
The ascent of women into powerful positions in the cabinet or in regional politics will encourage more young women to enter politics. "Women like Merkel and also many other younger women show that it is possible to succeed in politics," Mutinus says. "They show that women can hold the same public office as men and that they can act as a role models."
The Magic of “Aurora Borealis” and the Best Episodes of Northern Exposure
For the legendary show's 25th anniversary this week, we're reminiscing about its greatest hits and what they meant.
July 15, 2015
As an eight-episode summer replacement show in 1990, Northern Exposure, which we're dedicating some time to discussing had a simple premise: big-fish city doctor lands in small-town Alaska, and hilarity ensues. The first season gently builds Cicely up as a quirky, funny community you might just want to disappear to forever. The first seven episodes, while thoroughly enjoyable, are also undeniably ordinary. But in “Aurora Borealis,” the season's eighth and final episode, the show lifted its feet off the ground and never again quite returned to earth.
“Aurora Borealis” opens on a striking full moon, the frame lit with a deep, otherworldly blue. The camera pulls in, slowly, to a warm room lit by the red neon KBHR light — the now-familiar radio station inhabited by Chris Stevens (John Corbett). Chris waxes philosophical about the haunting, ever-present blue moon. Red and blue pop up time and time again through the episode — blue referring to the unknown and to mystery, and red beckoning warmth and familiarity. What's out there is out there, and what's in here is in here. But the “out there” and the “in here” become delightfully intertwined in “Aurora Borealis,” the show's first real marriage of fantasy and reality. (Northern Exposure couches it in Van Morrison.)
Throughout the episode, Chris constructs one of his many art projects — a giant rusty metal sculpture wrought out of sheet metal triangles and bicycle spokes. He calls it “Aurora Borealis.” He's rapidly trying to finish it in preparation for the arrival of the Northern Lights in a few days.
Meanwhile, lead character Dr. Joel Fleischman (Rob Morrow) faces his own mysterious unknown when he discovers an enormous bare human footprint while practicing his golf swing. Ed Chigliak (Darren Burrows) explains the footprint likely belongs to “Adam,” a mysterious local bogeyman who is described anywhere on the monster spectrum from Bigfoot to Frankenstein. No one has ever seen him, but he's alleged to be a perennial poltergeist around town, most recently accused of stealing a woman's Cuisinart and her Holy Bible. Joel's building fear of Adam is temporarily quelled as he's sent on a house call to a forest ranger on a remote mountain. On his way back, night falls, the frame once again filled with that eerie blue light from the full moon.
Joel, the incredulous outsider, is played up throughout these early seasons as a clueless fish out of water. Chris, on the other hand, is the ultimate laid-back dude. An ex-con reformed by a passion for philosophy and literature, he's constructing the first of his many art projects: a giant rusty metal sculpture wrought out of sheet metal triangles and bicycle spokes that he calls “Aurora Borealis.”
Back in Cicely, a new stranger who has just rolled into town, the enjoyable Bernard (Richard Cummings Jr.), an accountant from Portland, Oregon, who just sold his condo, bought a bike, and started driving north. At the Brick, Bernard and Chris meet and immediately fall on the same wavelength at the Brick while talking about the collective unconscious (bonus points to delightfully ditzy waitress Shelly's earnest question, “Do they tour, or just cut records?”). Bernard immediately understands Chris's obtuse metal sculpture, and they begin to build it together. When they finally decide to get some sleep, they experience a bizarre shared dream that makes them realize they had the same father — a traveling salesman who spent long stretches of time away from each family to be with the other. Against all odds, they are brothers.
Under the same blue moon, Joel's car breaks down and a hulking man (Adam Arkin) approaches, taking Joel to his cabin in the woods, filled with the same warm red light filling the buildings in Cicely. The foul-tempered man is in the middle of preparing a delicious meal and reveals himself to be the infamous Adam. At turns impeccably gracious and incredibly hostile, Adam makes Joel a gourmet home-cooked meal while simultaneously berating him.
Chris and Joel tap into something deeper in this episode. Some kind of flirtation with the otherworldly that plays both as funny and longing. Chris quite literally meets his other half in his brother Bernard, and Adam's peevish demeanor is perhaps the first and only in the series to rival Joel's. Each meets someone who walks him, slowly but surely, away from reality as he knows it. Chris and Joel's encounters in “Aurora Borealis” are funny, but they play equally longing. Both of them are clad in both red and blue by the end of the episode, signifying their journey from the worldly to something just a bit more.
Joel is devastated when he returns to Adam's cabin — eager to show Cicely's locals he exists after all, only to find the place abandoned. But all hope is not quite lost when he finds pieces of metal on the forest floor that turn out to be the two pieces of a garlic press. Joel brandishes the garlic press with absurd delight, and it's both a funny and deeply touching symbol of Joel's first real foray into the surreal. The show would tap into this magic many times again. As Chris advises Bernard on the aurora, “you can see them one out of every five days down there. You just gotta perceive them.”
“Which five days?” asks Bernard.
“You never know,” says Chris. “You just gotta keep looking.”
Northern Exposure kept looking and kept finding. The aurora arrives at the end of the episode, shimmering in the sky above Chris's sculpture, which it's now apparent represents the jagged mountains and floating stars. The aurora becomes the perfect representation of what's taken place in this episode. It's “high-speed protons and electrons trapped in the Van Allen radiation belt,” as Chris puts it. As Bernard puts it, it's also “some kind of weird psychic something.” The particular combination of real and surreal in this episode would become a defining of the series' most memorable episodes. Without question, “Aurora Borealis” was the template.
—
The most iconic episodes of the series all had, in their own way, the same otherworldly yearning as “Aurora Borealis.” While “Aurora Borealis” might be the essential introductory episode of Northern Exposure, here are some more excellent episodes that fully capture the spirit of the show.
Spring Break (Season 2, Episode 5)
Like many of its most excellent episodes, this one riffs off a natural phenomenon affecting everyone in the town. In this case, spring has sprung, the ice is about to crack, and everyone is on edge. Like the alien pathogens that maddened crew members in innumerable episodes of the Star Trek franchise, this episode gets at the id of the main cast in a way we never saw before. Joel and Maggie finally give in to their building sexual tension and have their first kiss after bickering about Jell-o. Chris reverts to his criminal past and starts stealing car radios. In his iconic confession, he says, “Sometimes, Ed, you have to do something bad, just to know you're alive.” A fantastic episode from the whole cast that leaves you with a little more depth to each character.
Jules et Joel (Season 3, Episode 5)
The first pure-fantasy episode of the series. Joel is accidentally concussed and the entire episode takes place in his imagination. His imaginary twin, smooth-talking loan shark Jules (the original Tyler Durden?) shows up to town and starts living it up in ways Joel can only dream of. It's a very funny episode and one of the more innovative installments in the series. But more than that, it's perhaps the first glimpse we get into Joel's inner life, all his insecurities playing out as we see his other self acting out all the things Joel knows he can't do. The combination of fantasy, laughs, and introspection make this classic Northern Exposure.
Seoul Mates (Season 3, Episode 10)
The show gets non-traditional and it's beautiful in all the right ways. It's nearing Christmas time, and everything is decked out — not in Christmas lights, but in raven decorations for the Raven Pageant. The raven pageant is a beautiful thing, but it's not everybody's cup of tea. Shelly pines for the midnight mass of her childhood, and Maurice laments his lack of family. But he's in for a surprise — an elderly Korean woman shows up with her middle-aged son in tow, who also turns out to be his son, fathered during the Korean war. The whitewashed nuclear family American Christmas is anything but in this episode, which brings out the best in all the characters as they yearn towards something different and something more. Oh, and it's directed by legendary television director Jack Bender, who went on to direct many episodes of Alias and Lost, and will direct episodes of Game of Thrones next season.
Cicely (Season 3, Episode 23)
The episode that won the series its second Peabody award and a glowing New York Times review from legendary critic John J. O'Connor, “Cicely” explores the inception of the town, which is revealed to have been founded by two progressive, cultured lesbian artists named Roslyn and Cicely, who came to Alaska to escape persecution and found their own artists' colony. The series regulars stand in as members of the town, which is shaped and reformed by Roslyn and Cicely's influence. They reform the largely lawless town into a place where people of different backgrounds celebrate and accept each other's differences. There's also a hilarious turn by Rob Morrow as Franz Kafka, who comes to Roslyn and Cicely for inspiration. With excellent period costumes, an innovative premise, and extreme idealism, this episode reveals the simultaneous beauty and improbability at the center of the Cicely's utopia.
The Quest (Season 6, Episode 15)
The story goes that Joel became less and less important to the series as it became more about the town of Cicely. Rob Morrow was involved in hostile negotiations regarding his contract over the last two seasons, so his role was reduced over time. After he was effectively written off the show in the Season 6 episode “Up River,” though, his absence is deeply felt. Joel is the undeniable heart of the series, the character Cicely most needed to work its magic on. But in “The Quest,” Joel's farewell episode, everything went very, very right. On a surreal trip brimming with literary references and during which he and Maggie finally saw eye to eye, “The Quest” pulled out all the stops and finally gave Joel the closure and the farewell he deserved after much stunted character growth. In his surreal exit, he surrenders to the magical possibilities that have sat in front of him for all these years.
—
Outcryer will be reminiscing more about Northern Exposure this week. Follow us on Facebook and Twitter for updates! In the meantime, feel free to tell us your favorite episodes in the comments below! Thanks for reading.
Under a recently-approved bill, Ohioans can openly carry beer and other alcoholic drinks in designated sites outdoors. Depending on size, a city can have one or two areas exempt from the state's containment law, with the idea of creating entertainment districts similar to New Orlean's Bourbon Street or Beale Street in Memphis, Tennessee. But as ideastream's Brian Bull reports, the news is being met with some hesitation in Cleveland.
===========================================
An emergency clause was penned into the bill, meaning once Governor Kasich signed it, it took effect immediately.
Many backers saw this as a way to get outdoor refreshment areas set up ahead of big events, including Cincinatti's Major League Baseball All-Star Game on July 14th.
But for Cleveland – which is hosting the RNC next year – the response seems indifferent or wary, according to Ward 3 City Councilman Joe Cimperman.
“When I talk to people, they're like, “Well…it's not really appropriate for West 25th,” says Cimperman. "One person said to me who lives on East 4th Street, 'Do you want to live above an open container district, Joe?'”
Cimperman says the city should do things that already enhance the quality of life in an area, and he's not sure if an open container law does that.
Matt Zone of Ward 15 says he doesn't see the necessity to implement it for Gordon Square or elsewhere, saying they've a thriving arts district in a residential area that just has no desire for open container events.
That hesitation is shared by Sam McNulty, proprietor of the Market Garden Brewery in Ohio City. He says an open container area could really change the character of the neighborhood…from cleanliness to public conduct.
“I do think open container would cause uncontrolled overconsumption, and just really spill problems out into the street. I just don't think it fits in with the family-friendly, very convivial atmosphere we've worked hard to create in Ohio City.”
But others say an open container area could really work out great. Eric McGarvey is an entrepreneur and Flats West resident. He acknowledges places like the Flats East area has seen rowdy and seedy drinking parties in the past, but thinks there could be a solid payoff for tourism and commerce as long as open containers are kept to clean and new developments, and community policing is factored in.
“Police that are friendly, they're approachable," adds McGarvey. "And when issues do arrive, these officers deal with them quickly and effectively without 911 having to be involved. And there needs to be clear expectations and they need to be backed up with clear and concise consequences for any lewd or inappropriate behavior.”
But nothing can happen in Cleveland until the City Council reviews the open container measure and enacts legislation to incorporate it. And Councilman Cimperman says if public reaction is indifferent, action here may not be as immediate as in other parts of Ohio.
If you just want to check that you are running (a particular version of) Bash, the best way to do so is to use the $BASH_VERSINFO array variable. As a (readonly) array variable it cannot be set in the environment, so you can be sure it is coming (if at all) from the current shell. However, since Bash has different behavior when invoked as sh , you do also need to check the $BASH environment variable ends with /bash .
In a script I wrote that uses function names with - (not underscore) and depends on associative arrays (added in Bash 4), I have the following sanity check (with helpful user error message):
case `eval 'echo $BASH@${BASH_VERSINFO[0]}' 2>/dev/null` in */bash@[456789]) # Claims bash version 4+, check for func-names and associative arrays if ! eval "declare -A _ARRAY && func-name() { :; }" 2>/dev/null; then echo >&2 "bash $BASH_VERSION is not supported (not really bash?)" exit 1 fi ;; */bash@[123]) echo >&2 "bash $BASH_VERSION is not supported (version 4+ required)" exit 1 ;; *) echo >&2 "This script requires BASH (version 4+) - not regular sh" echo >&2 "Re-run as \"bash $CMD\" for proper operation" exit 1 ;; esac
You could omit the somewhat paranoid functional check for features in the first case, and just assume that future bash versions would be compatible.
Around The League will profile the top 25 players we see Making the Leap in 2014. No.1 on the list: Minnesota Vikings wide receiver Cordarrelle Patterson.
Why Patterson is on the list
We've been eagerly awaiting Patterson's 2014 season since the end of last year when the receiver put on a showdown the stretch.
The 6-foot-2 dynamo is an amalgam of Devin Hester, Demaryius Thomas, Julio Jones, Spider-Man and the Road Runner. OK, Kevin, calm down.
Patterson displayed explosive playmaking ability in the return game, out of the backfield and improved skill in the pass attack as the year progressed. His combination of size, speed and toughness are tailor-made for today's NFL.
Since the end of the season, a bazillion words have been scrawled in every nook of the Internet praising Patterson and predicting a monster season.
Vikings fans have swooned over his talent, fantasy football prognosticators have predicted mammoth stats and award-winning podcasters have extolled Patterson's potential.
Greg Jennings told Patterson he'll be "showcased" this season. Legendary linebacker Mike Singletary chimed in saying the receiver is going to be a superstar.
Even adversaries-turned-allies have been glowing about Patterson.
"The time we played them, he was nothing like he is now,'' cornerback Captain Munnerlyn recently said. "I told him, 'The time we played you, I'm glad we caught you early.' Because if we hadn't have caught him early, he was tearing people up at the end up the year.
"He's really growing as a receiver, and I'm seeing it with my own two eyes.''
With all that's been written and spoken about Patterson these last seven months, I'll let words be merely kindling for the playmaker's blazing reel and let you see with your own two eyes.
Let's start the game off with a touchdown.
Please, sir, may I have another? And make it longer -- anyone can return a kick 105 yards.
Patterson gobbled up 1,393 return yards in his Pro Bowl rookie season. Note to kickers: If you can't boot it out of the end zone, just pooch it.
If you give Patterson space in any phase of the game, he's gone. Even in the snow.
(Poor Matt Elam had no shot.)
Fun Fact: 10 of Patterson's 12 rushes came in the last five games when it finally dawned on former coordinator Bill Musgrave to get the ball into his hands any way possible.
Notice that first touchdown run above? It was against Mike Zimmer's former defense. No doubt he took note.
While most of Patterson's receptions came within 7 yards of the line of scrimmage, when given a chance, he also displayed good body control and an ability to adjust to (purposely?) underthrown balls.
His progression as a receiver throughout the season stands out on his tape. In Week 15 and Week 17, he caught touchdowns on back-shoulder throws. We should see that threat in the red zone more in 2014.
Obstacles
Now I'm forced to play fun police.
The biggest knock on Patterson entering his rookie season remains his chief obstacle: route running.
Even as he impressed down the stretch, the receiver was inconsistent in his routes. He often rounded off cuts and on some occasions even took lazy angles. He must catch on to new coordinator Norv Turner's offense quickly and become a master of the entire route tree.
Questions at quarterback are always an obstacle. Patterson looked his best last season with Matt Cassel under center, because the veteran quarterback wasn't afraid to give him a chance to make a play. If rookie Teddy Bridgewater wins the job or another quarterback carousel emerges, Patterson will have to bridge any chemistry gap.
Playing outside in Minnesota in December will not be a cozy proposition.
Expectations for 2014
Turner's offense has a certain way of aiding the leap of young receivers. The most recent example is Josh Gordon last season in Cleveland. Turner will no doubt exploit Patterson's speed and ability to run through tackles in open space.
Given that the Vikings have other weapons -- Jennings, Adrian Peterson et al -- I don't expect Patterson to lead the league in receiving yards like Gordon did as the lone mustang in Turner's stable.
However, Patterson has the ideal size and burst to continue the string of receivers who explode in their second season. Even with the Vikings' run-heavy approach, a potential 70-catch, 1,100-yard season shouldn't be snickered at.
The latest "Around The League Podcast" makes sense of the Andre Johnson situation and pitches ways to fix the "Top 100."
The UK government has pledged to fight the unlimited fishing that leads to millions of sharks being killed by EU boats in the Atlantic every year.
Numerous species once widely fished by the EU, such as the porbeagle shark, have already been driven to near extinction in the Atlantic. But other species, like the blue shark, continue to be caught in huge numbers by EU boats because there are no limits on their exploitation.
“These are slow-growing, late-maturing species that have relatively few young and and all of these factors together make them vulnerable to overexploitation,” said UK fishing minister, George Eustice, on Tuesday, at the launch of the Shark Trust's No Limits No Future campaign. “We want to make sure we've got precautionary catch limits in place and we are going to be right out there in front making that argument.”
Steve Backshall, Shark Trust patron and presenter of TV's Deadly 60 programme, has swum with more than 100 species of shark and said: “The catch numbers are completely insane and they can't be sustained. The idea that these awesome creatures could vanish in my lifetime is horrifying.”
Backshall said the deadly image of sharks was wrong and that he had never felt threatened in the water, even when swimming with great white sharks. “You are more likely to be killed by a falling soft drinks machine,” he said. “If sharks were really the cruel heartless maneaters that the media makes out, I'd have been eaten years ago.”
Sharks, which have been around for more than 400 million years and survived planet-wide mass extinctions, provide some of nature's most spectacular sights, he said: “When you see the great cavernous maw of a basking shark, like an alien spaceship, that has to be one of the greatest wildlife spectacles in the UK.”
Backshall said the overfishing of sharks was an issue for the UK and the EU. “There is a real tendency for people to think the problem with sharks is all about China. That's not true – the EU fleet brings in a massive amount of sharks.”
Between 2000 and 2012, boats from eight EU nations including the UK have reported catches of about 13 million blue sharks, 7.5 million smoothhound sharks, 55 million catsharks and 1 million tope sharks. None of the species have any catch limit. Many are bycatch from longline fishing that is meant to target tuna and swordfish and, due to a lack of reporting, the real numbers are estimated to be three to four times higher.
Sharks themselves are increasingly a target, with blue shark catches trebling in the last decade, both for their fins and to be ground up into fishmeal. Globally, about 100 million sharks are killed annually.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Hundreds of juvenile sharks are piled on the back of a truck before heading to market to be finned in Yemen. Photograph: Paul Hilton/EPA
Eustice has been criticised by conservation groups for failing to implement the 127 marine conservation zones around the UK that were recommended by the government's own £8m consultation. But Ali Hood, director of conservation at the Shark Trust, praised the UK government's work on sharks, which in 2013 helped to increase global protection for five shark species and also to tighten shark-finning rules.
“Over the last decade the UK government has been an active voice for shark conservation with a succession of ministers picking up the baton,” she said. “But there is still substantial scope for George Eustice to make his mark.”
“Europe is a global shark fishing power,” said Hood, meaning putting limits on catches to ensure sustainable fishing was vital.
“We strongly support scientifically justified catch limits on a number of commercially explioted sharks,” said Eustice. “But we are inevitably going to encounter political resistance from some other countries along the way, so it is very important that we mobilise public opinion behind campaigns like the No Limits No Future, so we can keep pressure on other governments and get a sustainable future for these fabulous creatures.”
Editor's note: This is the second in a series of posts profiling artists and chronicling unexpected Jewish mystical experience. Read the first post on transcendent song.
For Phish fans, New Year's Eve is a High Holy Day. And in Phish lore, Madison Square Garden is a sacred temple -- perhaps the most sacred.
So what happens if you're diehard for both Phish and Judaism and one never-miss-it concert falls on the Sabbath? Do you skip synagogue? God forbid.
Yerachmiel Altizio, 35, is a devout Jew who has seen Phish perform more than 200 times, but because a live concert on the Sabbath presents a number of Jewish legal issues (traveling, carrying and listening to live music are prohibited) he was not able to attend the New Year's Eve extravaganza in Manhattan.
Perhaps now I should give full disclosure: I've seen Phish 12 times and though my standards for observance aren't exactly the strictest, I would also call myself a devout Jew.
It's in this context that I raise the question: Is the mind-altering environment of a Phish concert an appropriate place for a devoted Jewish seeker? And further: Is it, even on the holy Sabbath, perhaps the ideal environment?
The Duality of Phish
"The thing with Phish, why they're so unbelievable, is because everything about them has two sides. It's like a duality," Altizio says. "For a righteous person, it's a completely uplifting spiritual positive experience. ... For someone that's done something bad, it can be the worst trip."
Altizio has spent a lot of time thinking about what goes on inside a venue while Phish plays. After hundreds of shows and thousands of hours, he thinks he has an inkling of an answer: it has something to do with intentional ecstatic dance, pervasive communal joy and the unknown destination of Phish's improvisation. But most certainly, the fact that the rhythm section of the band is made up of two Jewish guys is key.
Every time I meet Altizio, like any good follower of the Chabad Hasidic tradition based in Crown Heights, Brooklyn, he wears black slacks, a white button down shirt and a black jacket. His beard is wispy enough to imply that he hasn't been in the Chabad world for too long (he traded in his secular life for Orthodoxy in 2001), but it is long enough to prove that he's fully committed. I sit in his apartment in Queens, asking him questions about mysticism and jam music and not laughing when he responds in biblical terms. The bookshelves in his room are brimming with Hebrew-inscribed leather-bound spines that conceal the more secular, even heretical, titles leftover from his youth. On his walls, for every picture of the late Lubavitcher Rebbe (the beloved rabbi of Chabad Jews) there is another piece of Phish paraphernalia. But it's his go-to guitar -- a hollow-body Ibanez electric -- that reveals just how central his experience with Phish remains to his identity. The guitar, which resembles the custom-made axes used by Trey Anastasio, Phish's guitar player, stands front-and-center on the cover of Altizio's first album, When Will The Master Come?. Walk the streets of Crown Heights and you can often find that same guitar adorning posters for upcoming shows of his band, Merkavah. On the album and on the posters, the guitar is topped by Chabad's iconic black fedora.
Here is a Jew who cannot escape Phish. Here is a Phishhead who cannot escape being Jewish.
A Brief Account of the Divine Chariot
When he was 19 years old, Altizio dropped out of college in Massachusetts and moved to California. He had dreadlocks. He'd been to countless Phish concerts. He was an uninvolved, unconcerned secular Jew. He was a wandering hippy. At some point he visited the Big Basin Redwoods State Park in the Santa Cruz Mountains. It was there, in an area called the Valley of the Lost Souls, Altizio says he had a vision. He had a friend with him. His friend saw the same thing. In the vision, a ring of seven clouds formed in the sky. The clouds were like cookie-cutter Stars of David. The clouds formed the Merkavah, the divine chariot. Now, far from the Valley of Lost Souls, after countless more Phish shows, after returning to college and studying jazz guitar, locks shorn and tzitzit adorned, Altizio cites this vision as the turning point, as the beginning really.
But despite the vision's ringing clarity, Altizio won't quite make the claim that what he saw was "the chariot." It would be a high claim. The Merkavah is one of the earliest recorded instances of Jewish mystical experience. It's the throne of God that Ezekiel saw. The first Jewish mystics, precursors to the Kabbalists, who were precursors to the Hasidim, were known as "descenders of the divine chariot." That is, through their mystical practice, these devotees aimed to draw the divine down into the world. Despite his apprehension, I think all the pieces are there.
Peering into the Void
For all the time I've spent in the world of this band and the world of this faith, speaking with Altizio gives me the feeling I've barely glimpsed the depths of Phish's music -- the Jewish depths.
In 2009, I attended a four-show run leading up to New Year's Eve in Miami, Fla. That is, I gladly went to see Phish perform four nights in a row, and when it was all over I wished for a fifth concert. I yearned to get back to that very real, very powerful feeling of spiritual elevation, the likes of which I've only felt through the music of this band and for fleeting moments while living in Jerusalem and New York City.
In Jewish thought, the Torah can be read or studied on four different levels. There is the simple meaning of a text (peshat), the allegorical understanding (remez), the deeper metaphorical interpretation (derash) and, finally, the secrets hidden deep beneath it all (sod). We can understand the story's obvious teaching, we can find its allusions and learn from its implied comparisons, we can parse each sentence, squeezing out every drop of meaning, and still there will be a depth to that story that we will never fully perceive.
This progression from peshat to sod, from definite meaning to endless mystery, is played out in full in the Phish experience. Phish's music is often derided as a self-indulgent, "mindless" drug soundtrack. Their lyrics have been called meaningless, nonsensical dribble. Phish fans are routinely lampooned as clueless, hedonistic hippies. But for those who "know," the music and the scene are so much more.
Descenders of the Divine Chariot
In Jewish tradition, a person does not study Torah alone, lest he or she come to an incorrect conclusion or find false meaning in a passage. The traditional solution is that you should have a study partner so that, in moving from peshat to sod, from simple understanding to underlying secret, you have a check against interpreting incorrectly.
Conversely, in Jewish law, any action that requires speaking must be done alone because when two people talk simultaneously, their messages cannot be heard. This has practical application when studying Torah. One person reads a piece of text and then his or her partner responds with a question or conclusion. But in music, the opposite is true. Two people can, and should, sing together. In music, Jews strive for harmony. And harmony cannot exist if you are alone.
To create the musical Merkavah -- that is, to become a vehicle of divine action through playing music -- you need two Jews. Not only does Phish have two Jewish band members, Altizio explains, but the Jews, Mike Gordon on bass and Jon Fishman on drums, create the foundation of Phish's music. They hold it down. They are the vehicle, the "chariot," that allows the rest of the band and everyone in attendance to fly.
There's a statistic out there, unverified as it may be, that roughly one-third of the audience at every Phish concert is Jewish. Gordon and Fishman, whether they choose to acknowledge it or not, have helped create a uniquely Jewish mystical experience to which a unusual number of Jews flocks.
While Gordon and Fishman help build the chariot, a lot goes on at a Phish concert to keep the vehicle moving. The musicians on stage become vessels for energy to pass from the audience and out into the universe, and visa versa. The experience sounds like a traditional communal Jewish prayer service -- wordless repeated melodies, ecstatic dancing and the sweat of focused intention.
Singing with devotion is the greatest preparation for prayer. And intentional dance, like the circular Hasidic steps on a Friday night or the out-of-body contortions of a Phish fan, is also an appropriate preparation and necessary component of any "authentic" Jewish prayer experience.
Hasids and Phishheads dance the same dance. They sing the same song. They peer into the same void. They fill the void with the same joy and love.
While he wasn't physically at Madison Square Garden for New Year's Eve, he was definitely there in spirit. To sway and pray anywhere on a Friday night is to add one more blessing to the same cosmic stream.
Premier Big Women Dating Site
Big Fat Girls Are Waiting to Meet You
Why Join Big Women Dating Service?
Fat Girls Are The New Sexy
Established in 2003,is one of the leading plus size dating sites on the internet. Our plus size dating site will help you in finding plus size singles looking for dating and romance. Search thousands ofads and meet the BBW date of your dreams. - Meet big fat women in your area If you love plus size or super size plus size women or you are a BBW , don't waste another night alone, join one of the largest networks ofin your area now, and find the plus size date of your dreams! With literally thousands ofjoining Big Women Dating Service every day, it's easy to meet big fat women and fat admirers in your area, maybe even on your block.Ourare easy to browse so you can make a quick connection and be dating big fat girls and fat admirers who love their women big and fat tonight. Meet thousands of big fat women in your area for dating and romance. Browse thousands of photo profiles of fat women, or chat with available fat singles or use our advanced search options to meetIf you love your women, big and fat don't waste another night alone, join one of the largest plus size dating sites for fat singles in your area now, and find the big woman of your dreams! With literally thousands of fat girls withjoining Big Women Dating Service every day, it's easy to meet fat girls and admirers in your area, maybe even on your block.Meet like-mindedand admirers on the plus size dating site dedicated to big, fat and obese women and admirers. If you like women with big fat bellies, large butts and big breasts - Big Women Dating Service is the BBW dating site for you.Big and Fat Women are waiting to meet YOU - Don't hesitate and run the risk of losing your dream Big Beautiful Woman to someone else - - Meet big obese women in your area
View profiles of big fat women in your area
* Fixed the following panels not appearing: The Hall of Fame, Effigies and PA Arcana gravestones* Fixed bugs with Coaching* Added some new API calls for Bot Scripting* Fixed guides you've published not appearing in your guides list* The browse items tab now slides out as a modal panel instead of taking the place of the shop UI* Restored Shop purchase hotkeys* The pinned TP Scroll now shows a visual cooldown on it to indicate what the current TP cooldown is* Fixed various crashes* Minor 7.01 gameplay update7.01====* Added Necrophos to CM* XP Requirement to go from level 6 to 12 increased by 140 (615/630/645/660/675/775 to 640/660/680/700/720/740)* XP Requirement to go from level 12 to 20 increased by 140 (1175/1200/1225/1250/1275/1375/1400/1425 to 1200/1225/1250/1275/1300/1325/1400/1490)* XP Requirement to go from level 24 to 25 reduced by 280 (same overall XP required to reach level 25)* Fixed Jingu Mastery ignoring armor for its lifesteal calculation* Jingu Mastery counter duration reduced from 15 to 10 seconds* Boundless Strike critical strike rescaled from 200% to 140/160/180/200%* Howl cooldown increased from 50/45/40/35 to 55/50/45/40* Howl manacost increased from 15/20/25/30 to 30* Lycan Level 10 Talent reduced from +20 Damage to +15 Damage* Lycan agility gain reduced from 1.9 to 1.5* Familiars HP reduced from 500/750/1000 to 300/500/700* Visage base damage reduced by 3* Windranger Level 15 Talent increased from +13 Intelligence to +16 Intelligence* Windranger Level 15 Talent increased from +150 Health to +200 Health* Windrun cooldown from 14 to 13* Slark strength reduced from 21 + 1.8 to 20 + 1.6* Purification manacost rescaled from 70/90/110/130 to 85/100/115/130* Guardian Angel cooldown increased from 150 to 160* Invoker Level 15 Talent increased from 20% XP to 25% XP* Quas HP regen rescaled from 1.5/3/4.5/6/.. to 1/3/5/7/..* Invoker strength gain increased from 1.7 to 1.9* Centaur agility gain reduced from 2.0 to 1.6* Pit of Malice interval increased from 3.5 to 3.6 seconds* Pit of Malice cooldown increased from 30/26/22/18 to 32/28/24/20* Nature's Guise bash rescaled from 1/1.4/1.8/2.2 to 0.7/1.2/1.7/2.2* Treant Level 25 Talent changed from +20% 2s Bash to -50s Respawn Time* Treant Protector movement speed reduced from 300 to 295* Stifling Dagger base damage reduced from 70 to 65* Luna base armor reduced by 1* Reality Rift armor debuff rescaled from -3/4/5/6 to -1/3/5/7* Fixed Chaos Strike lifesteal ignoring armor reductions* Chaos Strike lifesteal increased from 50% to 65%* Nature's Prophet Level 15 Talent increased from +10 Intelligence to +15* Nature's Prophet Level 15 Talent increased from +15 Movement Speed to +20* Nature's Prophet Level 25 Talent increased from -35s Respawn Time to -40* Nature's Prophet Level 25 Talent changed from +6 Treants to 2x Treants HP/Damage* Meepo Clones are now allowed to pick up runes* Witch Doctor Level 25 Talent increased from +150 Death Ward Attack Range to +175* Sven Level 15 Talent increased from +6 all stats to +8* Sven Level 15 Talent increased from +15 MS to +20* Incapacitating Bite slow increased from 10/20/30/40 to 14/24/34/44%* Zeus Level 20 Talent increased from -35s Respawn Time to -40* Zeus Level 20 Talent increased from +30 Movement Speed to +35* Tusk turn rate improved from 0.5 to 0.7* Enchantress base intelligence increased by 3* Enchantress Level 10 Talent increased from +15 Movement Speed to +20* Enchantress Level 20 Talent increased from -25s Respawn Time to -30s* Geminate Attack cooldown from 6/5/4/3 to 7/6/5/3* Dream Coil cooldown reduced from 75 to 70/65/60* Lina Level 15 Talent increased from +100 Cast Range to +125* Lina Level 15 Talent increased from -25s Respawn to -30s* Lina Level 20 Talent increased from +5% Spell Amp to 6%* Death Prophet level 10 Talent increased from +6 Strength to 7* Doom Level 20 Talent increased from +50 Damage to +65* Doom Level 20 Talent increased from +20 Health Regen to +25* Smokescreen slow from 13/17/21/25% to 10/15/20/25%* Ogre Magi movement speed reduced from 295 to 290
Fulham manager
Martin Jol Other
Martin Jol
Stories
Fulham striker
Bryan Ruiz More
Bryan Ruiz
Stories
Fulham striker Bryan Ruiz faces at least four more weeks on the sidelines after suffering a setback in his recovery from a hamstring injury.The 27-year-old has been missing since the 3-1 defeat to Sunderland three weeks ago and was expected to return against Newcastle.However, Fulham manager Martin Jol has confirmed Ruiz will miss Monday's match and will be out until the New Year after suffering a setback."He came back on Monday then he had a setback and he will be out for at least four weeks," Jol said."It is the same injury. He was in the final stage of his rehabilitation and he aggravated his hamstring muscle again."He has had intensive screening and that highlighted some problems."Jol has voiced his frustration in the past at the number of injuries Ruiz has picked up, especially when he has travelled back to his native Costa Rica for international duty.The Dutchman, though, insists the hamstring complaint has nothing to do with that."He had this hamstring injury before, now we've found out it is a structural thing," Jol said."We had a second opinion and hopefully we found a solution now, but he needs treatment and he will be out for the next four weeks."Maybe before he went back to his country and then he came back with a different injury, but as it is now it is the same injury all the time. The same area."Hopefully we have found a solution. We sent him to Germany with our people and Doctor [Hans-Wilhelm] Muller-Wohlfahrt is a specialist I know from my time there."Hopefully he will be fine in four weeks now but of course it is a big disappointment."As you know, Bryan was a vital player for us and every time he played, like against Arsenal, Southampton and Wigan, he was quite important, but we've got other players. Good luck to him and he will be back after Christmas."
Political campaigns are commonly understood as random walks, during which, at any point in time, the level of support for any party or candidate is equally likely to go up or down. Each shift in the polls is then interpreted as the result of some combination of news and campaign strategies.
A completely different story of campaigns is the mean reversion model in which the elections are determined by fundamental factors of the economy and partisanship; the role of the campaign is to give voters a chance to reach their predetermined positions.
The popularity of the random walk model for polls may be partially explained via analogy to the widespread idea that stock prices reflect all available information, as popularized in Burton Malkiel's book, A Random Walk Down Wall Street. Once the idea has sunk in that short-term changes in the stock market are inherently unpredictable, it is natural for journalists to think the same of polls. For example, political analyst Nate Silver wrote in 2010:
In races with lots of polling, instead, the most robust assumption is usually that polling is essentially a random walk, i.e., that the polls are about equally likely to move toward one or another candidate, regardless of which way they have moved in the past.
But, as I discussed then in the context of remarks by Silver and Justin Wolfers, polls are not stock markets: for many races, a forecast from the fundamentals gives a pretty good idea about where the polls are going to end up. For example, in the 1988 presidential election campaign, even when Michael Dukakis was up 10 points in the polls, informed experts were pretty sure that George Bush was going to win. Congressional races can have predictable trends too. Political scientists Erikson, Bafumi, and Wlezien have found predictable changes in the generic opinion polls in the year leading up to an election, with different patterns in presidential years and off years. Individual polls are noisy, though, and predictability will generally only be detectable with a long enough series.
Noah Kaplan, David Park, and I have a paper on the topic (to appear in Presidential Studies Quarterly) reviewing the literature and analyzing data from polls during the 2000, 2004, and 2008 elections. We show that, as the campaign progresses, vote preferences become more predictable based on fundamental variables such as political ideology and party identification. This is consistent with a “mean reversion” model in which the campaign serves to solidify latent preferences, but it is not consistent with a random walk model in which a campaign is an accretion of unpredictable shocks.
To many of the readers of this blog, the above is not news. Political scientists have been talking about “the fundamentals” for awhile, to the extent that journalists and other observers sometimes overestimate the importance of the economy in determining the election (for example, here's a clueless history professor likening the predictability elections to “the law of gravity”). As John Sides explained reasonably, you have to be careful when translating economic numbers into vote predictions.
Still, a bit of old-fashioned random-walk thinking remains in the old-fashioned news media. For example, Michael Kinsley recently wrote:
In 1988, Michael Dukakis, who was ahead in the polls just after the Democratic convention, declared in his acceptance speech: “This election isn't about ideology. It's about competence.” Then he proceeded to blow a large lead and lose to George Bush the Elder, who turned out to be a tougher old bird than anyone suspected.
This sort of understanding of campaigns was pretty standard a few decades ago, back when Kinsley was editor of the New Republic, but nowadays we wouldn't frame Dukakis as having “blown a large lead” but rather that he lost a lead that was effectively unsustainable, given the economic and political conditions of 1988. Nor would we need to characterize Bush Senior as a “tough old bird” for winning this election; it was more about being in the right place at the right time.
To say that Dukakis blew a lead is not quite to buy into a random-walk model, but I think it is close. Given what we know about elections, I think it would be more accurate to say that the 1988 election was Bush's to lose (and he didn't).
Anyway, that Kinsley quote is an example of why I think this blog post could be helpful. I'm hoping that, by explicitly stating the random-walk and mean-reversion scenarios, I can make people more aware of the implicit models that underly their stories about campaigns and elections.
Espionage Whistleblower Edward Snowden to Seek Asylum in Brazil
12/17/2013 - 08h29
Advertising
FÁBIO ZANINI
"WORLD" EDITOR
US espionage whistleblower Edward Snowden has promised to cooperate with investigations into the actions of the National Security Agency (NSA) in Brazil. In order to do so, he wants political asylum from Dilma Rousseff's government in return.
Read: An Open Letter to the People of Brazil
The promise of help is in an "open letter to the people of Brazil" obtained by Folha that will be sent to authorities and will be part of an online campaign, hosted on the site of NGO Avaaz, which specializes in petitions.
The idea is to talk Dilma into providing shelter for Snowden, a former intelligence agent of the American government.
"Many Brazilian senators have asked my help with their investigations into suspected crimes against Brazilian citizens. I expressed my willingness to assist, where it is appropriate and legal, but unfortunately the US government has been working very hard to limit my ability to do so," said the letter.
see the pictures
Snowden was referring to an open PCI in the Senate to investigate the activities of the NSA in Brazil, which included monitoring the phone calls and emails of both Dilma and Petrobras.
According to him, it was not possible to collaborate because of his precarious legal situation and with only temporary asylum granted by Russia until mid-2014.
"Until a country grants permanent asylum, the US government will continue to interfere with my ability to speak," Snowden said in the letter.
The former NSA agent, who has been in Russia since June, claimed his movements have been very limited there and said he was left without conditions to truly debate the scandal, according to Glenn Greenwald, the journalist to whom he leaked the data.
In Brazil, with permanent asylum status, he would have more liberty to do so.
Snowden takes care, in the letter, not to directly address Dilma. The reason is to not offend the Russian government, who is currently hosting him. But, also according to Greenwald, he wants to come to Brazil.
In June, Snowden revealed to the journalist, who worked at British newspaper "The Guardian" at the time, documents showing the ability of the US government to spy on citizens and businesses in several countries.
"Today, if you carry a cell phone in São Paulo, the NSA can track where you are, and does. [...] When a person in Florianopolis visits a website, the NSA keeps a record of when it happened and what you did on that site. If a mother in Porto Alegre calls her son to wish him luck on an exam, the NSA can save the recording of the call for five years or longer," he said in the letter.
According to Snowden, unlimited surveillance "threatens to become the biggest human rights challenge of our times."
"The NSA and other allied intelligence agencies tell us that, for the sake of our own 'safety' - in the name of Dilma's 'safety' in the name of Petrobras's 'safety' - they revoked our right to privacy and invaded our lives. And they did not ask permission of the people from any country, not even their own," he said in another passage of the letter.
STATELESS
Greenwald, who lives in Rio, and his boyfriend, Brazilian David Miranda, intend to lead a campaign for Rousseff to grant Snowden asylum.
After arriving in Russia, Snowden sent asylum requests to several countries, including Brazil. He got not response.
Who responded favorably were Bolivia, Venezuela and Nicaragua, but Snowden prefers Brazil.
"Brazil is the ideal place because it is a politically strong country where the revelations had a real impact," said Miranda. The legal argument to convince Brazilian authorities is that Snowden's human rights are being threatened.
"If the Brazilian government thanks him for the revelations, it is only logical it protects him," said Greenwald.
Brazil, Snowden recalled in the letter, coauthored, along with Germany, the resolution text approved by a commission of the UN General Assembly, which associated the impact of the espionage with violations of human rights.
"Our rights cannot be limited by a secret organization, and American officials should never decide on the freedoms of Brazilian citizens," he said.
Snowden noted that the decision to reveal to the world the espionage scheme cost him his family, his home and put his life at risk.
"The price of my speech was my passport, but I would pay again. I prefer to be stateless rather than lose my voice," he said.
Translated by JILL LANGLOIS
Read the article in the original language
Subscribe to our newsletter
Every ‘Shooting Star' must, eventually, fall — and what the American Economy experienced after the world's most publicly scrutinized bailout happened to be no different. Four trifling years later, the American Economy sits down with Shruti Sehgal in a tiny, dim bar on the Lower East Side and opens up about everything: rehab, breaking up with the banks, the late night cocktails of sleeping pills, and even offers a few scrappy words of advice for the next American President.
I can tell that the American Economy is not happy to see me. Hair unwashed, wearing a star-spangled Occupy Wall Street T-shirt, slurping a cheap Scotch on the rocks, conspicuously. The American Economy is looking Dickensian – too Dickensian – even for the bar we are in, which is the kind of place where faded, glitterless rockstars stopped hanging out because the Jukebox is never drunk enough to take home and the girls do not accept pennies.
We are here, no less, to make light of an eerily dark situation:
SS: Four years ago, our government bailed out America's biggest financial institutions with $133 billion of your money. You weren't exactly at the height of your professional career, but you were still managing. Then Wall Street totally crashed and the whole world was watching you, kind of hoping you'd screw up. You were being sweettalked at home while people overseas were backstabbing you. Without ripping the bandaid right off, what was that period in your life like?
AE: Like a nightmare, only I couldn't wake up. It's surreal, the way everyone builds you up only to give you utter bullshit when you fall. Not to mention, there was no actual strategy for my recovery and taxpayers were freaking out. Suffice to say, I hit rock-bottom.
I remember at one point during that summer I checked into Cirque Lounge in Utah for overexhaustion. Next thing you know, I'm a fucking coke addict and the bailout is all my fault. I mean, listen, if I could shave my head off in a single, ‘Eureka' moment of self-understanding like Britney Spears did, I would. But my relationship with the Too Big To Fail Banks, it's just not that easy.
SS: How would you describe your relationship with the banks today? Or with Britney Spears, for that matter?
AE: With the banks, it's on the rocks. If my publicist gives me the greenlight, I will break up with them before the end of the year. I've tried to make it work, but the truth is I am sick of making the entire financial sector a priority in my life when I am only an option in theirs. It's not worth it to me anymore. I cannot wait around for a real apology and expect the rest of the country to cut me slack and stand outside of the pool while I make up shitty excuses for why I'm holding my breath.
As for Britney Spears. We don't run in the same circles, but I deeply respect her work. I bumped into her at Bar Marmont in L.A. three years ago and we commiserated over vodka-redbulls. She told me that ‘ Life is an asshole and then you give him the entire settlement he asks for, but somehow he still gets full custody of the kids.' I don't plan on tying the knot until gay marriage becomes legal, so cheers to Anderson Cooper. But I put up with enough during the bailout to understand Britney. I get her sentiment.
SS: I think America is going to be relieved to hear you are severing your relationship with the banks. According to the latest pollsters, Americans on average worry more about you than anything else.
AE: Yeah, I've heard that. I hope Americans know I worry about them, too. You know, all I ever wanted was to create more jobs and build more dream homes for people. That I could have just stood by, doing nothing, while corporations were granted enough market freedom to forgo the common good for this country stirs in me more self-loathing than I can adequately express.
If my memory serves me correctly…I had to take a ridiculous amount of Xanax and Ambien for months just to go to bed. Of course, I am healthy now and I do not participate in any sort of activity that could be construed in any way as harmful behavior.
(Looking into the bottom of the glass.)
For the record, I want Americans to know I haven't spoken to Fannie and Freddie after fully understanding what they did. I was a naive judge of their character. I did not consider the consequences. I should have. I thought, if I just did my part, I could decide how they felt about me. I think it was David Foster Wallace who called what I was thinking at the time an “American Illness.”
SS: Are you a big fan of David Foster Wallace?
AE: I wouldn't say I'm a big fan of anyone. But yeah, I guess I like David Foster Wallace. I read Consider the Lobster at the foodcourt in JFK once. The lady at Hudson News recommended it.
SS: Who are your favorite writers?
AE: I don't read much. Anything by Matt Taibbi I can get my hands on. Adam Smith, obviously. Comic books. I love Superman. Noam Chomsky. I hated Naked Economics.
SS: Why's that?
AE: If the core principles were that simple, I wouldn't have screwed up.
SS: I see.
AE: I'm serious. You know what I think is missing from that book, besides a competent title? In fact, what is missing from this whole equation?
SS: What?
AE: Underneath this enormous balloon of capitalistic competition, where the deficit is bigger than any tit-job walking down Sunset Strip and the only thing college kids can look forward to after they graduate is unemployment benefits…is the one fact nobody can deny, and yet everyone always fucking forgets it.
SS: Which is?
AE: That I'm human. Me and every other goddamn national economy out there. Sure, on the surface level, we're some fancy exchange of goods and services, but deep down inside, we're just a bunch of morally-conflicted children of the earth with bad fathers and bleeding hearts. Like, no wonder I got fucked. Ever read that book with the limegreen apple on the front cover? Freakonomics?
SS: Yes, actually.
AE: Well, I'm that freak they're talking about.
SS: Let's talk about the upcoming Presidential election for a minute. Who are you voting for? What are your general thoughts?
AE: I'm nonpartisan.
SS: No you're not.
AE: Fuck no, I'm not.
SS: So?
AE: So, I can't tell you much for legal reasons and because the papparazo at the pooltable over there thinks he's more icognito than James fucking Bond. But, I will tell you this: we have $1.2 trillion of deficit reduction to figure out before defense spending gets sliced in half, otherwise known as ‘sequestration.' If Obama's for the win then he needs to realize this is no simple math. As for Romney, if he even thinks about making massive cuts to social welfare programs, I will personally snap off his cock.
(pause)
There, I said it.
SS: You did.
AE: And that paparazzo totally heard it.
SS: He did.
(Standing up)
AE: Fuck. I think I just pulled a Megan Fox.
