Kanwal Tanuj (left) dismissed the Bihar school principal for discriminating against the Dalit woman
Highlights Dalit widow banned from cooking mid-day meal for students She told Bihar bureaucrat she was being harassed He drove to her school, ate her lunch, sacked principal
The Dalit woman said she had been sacked by the school three years ago.
When a young Dalit widow went to meet a senior bureaucrat in Bihar, it took him exactly 24 hours to respond. He got into his car and drove 45 kilometres to the school which had sacked her.Upon arrival yesterday, District Magistrate Kanwal Tanuj ordered officials at the state-run school to allow Urmila Kuwar into the kitchen. Then, seated on the floor with senior members of the Education Department, he sampled her lunch.Urmila, 36, who lives in the Aurangabad district, 140 km from the state capital of Patna, says she was fired by the school principal three years ago after she lost her husband. She was allegedly told that as a Dalit widow, she would not be allowed to cook the free mid-day meal that all government schools are obliged to offer to students.Since then, she said, she has been trying to get her job back, but the principal refused unless she paid him a bribe of Rs 10,000, unaffordable given that she supports four young children alone. Distrcit Magistate Tanuj has dismissed the principal, who has been charged with discrimination under the strict Scheduled Castes/Schedule Tribes (SC/ST) Act.
Former Argentine president Carlos Menem was ordered Friday to stand trial for obstruction of justice in a probe of the 1994 bombing of a building housing a Jewish center that killed 85 people.
Justice officials said Judge Ariel Lijo ordered the trial for Menem, president 1989-1999, and former judge Juan Jose Galeano, who was in charge of the investigation for 10 years but was dismissed from the case in 2004.
Related stories:
Some 300 people were wounded in the attack that leveled the seven-floor Argentine Jewish Mutual Association (AMIA) building in Buenos Aires. No one has ever been convicted in the bombing.
Menem, 81, was initially charged in 2009 with concealing and tampering with evidence and abusing authority to cover up what was then called a "Syrian connection."
Argentine prosecutors allege that Tehran planned and financed the car bombing, which was carried out by a cell from the Lebanese militant group Hezbollah.
Prosecutors now say there is evidence that Argentine state intelligence services and security forces covered up and erased tracks for local accomplices of the attackers during the Menem administration.
Officials previously said Menem, who was born in Argentina to Syrian immigrants, and his former staff stole evidence to hide the involvement of Syrian-Argentine businessman Alberto Kanoore Edul in the bombing, and destroyed evidence that would have incriminated him.
Kanoore Edul, whose family was friendly with Menem, died in 2010.
'Reenergizing investigation'
Israel's Ambassador to the UN Ron Prosor on Friday praised Argentina for reinvigorating its investigation of the terrorist attack in Buenos Aires, saying "I think they're reenergizing" their work on the case.
"In the past there was not a real motivation to check (the facts)," he said. "I see it differently today. One should give them credit for it. I see it differently today on the Argentinean side."
The bombing was the worst attack of its kind in Argentina, which has the largest Jewish community in the Americas outside the United States, and the second large-scale anti-Jewish strike in Buenos Aires that decade.
In 1992, the Israeli embassy in Buenos Aires was leveled in a bombing that killed 22 people and wounded 200.
Menem, a two-term president from the ruling Peronist party, was once wildly popular, and his fondness for fast cars and women half his age and almost twice his height amused rather than angered Argentines.
But his popularity faded as corruption scandals emerged, his tough free-market policies alienated his electorate, and the economy deteriorated.
Last year, he was cleared of charges that he allegedly orchestrated the smuggling of arms to Croatia and Ecuador in the 1990s.
Menem is currently serving in Argentina's senate. This does not give him immunity from testifying in court, but if he is found guilty, his fellow senators would have to impeach him first to serve any sentence.
Other people called to stand trial include the former head of state intelligence, Hugo Anzorreguy; his deputy Juan Carlos Anchezar; former police chief Jorge Palacios; and a former federal police agent.
For years Argentina has been seeking the extradition of eight Iranian officials – including Defense Minister Ahmad Vahidi, former Prime Minister Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani and former foreign minister Ali Akbar Velayati – accused of being the "intellectual authors" of the bombing.
Iran has denied any role in the attacks.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
It was about a year ago when James — who doesn't want his last name used so as not to jeopardize his employment — says he went to Dudley District Court to arrange paying off a criminal fine. When he told the judge he was poor, James says the judge determined that his payment plan would involve being immediately sent to the Worcester County House of Correction — where the 28-year-old learned that there was a term for his situation.
"I was introduced to the term because other inmates were familiar with it — it's called 'fine time,' " James explained, meaning going to jail if you can't pay your criminal fee. "Fine time means you're being imprisoned simply because you owe an outstanding fine to the state."
For every day James spent in jail, $30 was deducted from his fine. He was released when it was paid in full.
A preliminary analysis from a state Senate committee suggests that Massachusetts collected more than $30 million in probation and criminal fees in fiscal year 2015. Now some lawmakers are questioning whether the state is overly dependent on that money, and whether people are being jailed when they can't pay.
James will testify about his experience before the state Senate's Post Audit and Oversight Committee on Thursday. The committee's chair, Lexington state Sen. Michael Barrett, says lawmakers want to know if what happened to James is common.
"James is an extreme example of what can go wrong when you are too aggressive about collecting money from people who don't have any," Barrett said.
Barrett says his committee also wants to know if state courts are doing something that's unconstitutional.
"If we don't find some unexpected, exonerating circumstance, that is a case where the U.S. and state constitutions were violated and James was in prison for being poor only," Barrett said.
Criminal fines and fees should be part of the criminal justice reform debate currently raging across the country, Barrett says.
"The fact that we're making substantial money off people who have otherwise paid their debt to society and have no money, that's the troubling aspect of this broader question about criminal justice reform," Barrett said.
After Thursday's hearing, the committee will issue a written report about how the state is dealing — and should deal with — criminal fees and fines.
The end of the year brings out our best intentions to reboot. If you're a cigarette smoker, this probably means that you're recycling last year's resolution to quit. Or you could try swapping out combustible cigarettes for e-cigarettes, like 9.1 million Americans before you. After all, vaping couldn't possibly be any worse than breathing in the cooking vapors over your hot stove, right?
But before you spend hours in your basement assembling a custom e-cigarette rig that resembles a lightsaber, consider this: E-cigarette juices and devices remain unregulated in the US. And vape culture's unique DIY quirks—from its custom-mixed juice flavors to its custom-built devices—make it particularly challenging to research. It's nearly impossible to know exactly what's inside the vapor you're inhaling. Places like Spain and Wales have already grouped electronic cigarettes into their public smoking restrictions, while others like France are considering it. The CDC suggests limiting the sales, marketing, and public smoking of e-cigarettes, and the FDA is considering regulations on the products. Safer than cigarettes? Maybe. How much safer? Still too foggy to ascertain. Here's what's inside that stuff many people huff.
Water
Many “vape juice” flavor formulations include good old H 2 0. A reservoir for liquid and a heating element are the basic components of e-cigarette devices. A wicking material such as cotton pulls the liquid toward a metal coil, where heat turns it into droplets that are tiny enough to inhale.
Vegetable Glycerin
You've probably consumed this sugar alcohol in food as a low-glycemic sweetener, a preservative, or a texture enhancer that boosts thickness. (It's also an ingredient in skin moisturizers.) Many e-cig aficionados credit the syrupy vegetable glycerin for the pea soup density of the billowing clouds they exhale.
Propylene Glycol
A tasteless, odorless, colorless alcohol that's used in antifreeze solutions to lower the freezing temperature of water. While it's generally considered safe for topical use and consumption, it's also an active ingredient in many fog-machine juices, which can act as allergens and cause eye and airway irritation. It can also cause headaches, dizziness, and drowsiness.
Nicotine
E-cig juice can have as much or as little of this highly addictive chemical as the vaper wants. In its inhaled particulate form, nicotine itself is pretty safe—unless you're
a kid, or a fetus gestating inside a vaper. But in liquid form, even tiny amounts that are ingested or make contact with skin can induce vomiting, seizures, and even death. Wear gloves when you refill your vape tank.
Flavoring
The names of e-cig flavor formulations are amazing: Unicorn Milk, Krispy Krack Doughnut, Pony on Acid! But the contents are an utter mystery. Manufacturers generally don't reveal the ingredients, on the grounds that they're “trade secrets.” Many are quick to assert that their flavorings are food-grade and recognized as safe by the FDA. But that's in terms of eating—the health effects of inhaling such flavorings is another story. Indeed, Harvard researchers recently found a flavoring agent called diacetyl in 75 percent of the e-cig varieties they tested. It provides a buttery flavor—and causes a life-threatening respiratory condition known as "popcorn lung." Puff? Pass.
Good news everyone: I'm joining Fat Shark as CEO.
Over the last several months I've been working with Fat Shark, the leader in First Person View (FPV) goggles and other drone racing hardware as an executive consultant to the team. Today, I'm excited to announce that I'm joining Fat Shark as it's new permanent CEO. Greg French, my friend and the company's founder, will continue to work as the company's chief engineer and I look forward to working with him and the entire team closely.
Through my months of consulting I've learned that the FPV market has massive potential, and below I want to ruminate on where the industry is headed — but first, it might be helpful to share some context into why I chose this role (and why it chose me).
A History of Head Mounted Display Innovation
My last several years working at Avegant in Silicon Valley have been among the best in my life. As a founder and CTO, I was able to help lead a talented team as the company developed and commercialized a new, ultra-high-quality, projection-based consumer display technology with the Glyph. Later, I was privileged to be part of the group that initially adapted the technology for use with light fields and mixed reality. I consider myself very lucky to be part of the early VR/AR industry.
As new technologies in the head mounted display space have grown, so too have the markets and opportunities. The industry now has a quick and fashionable way to capture social images on-the-fly thanks to our friends at Snap Inc. Smartphone manufacturers are now integrating AI solutions directly into mobile phone platforms, opening up a whole new world of virtual imaging — only one step away from mounting the technology into headsets. And the geniuses at Google, led by Clay Bavor, are pushing VR into realms that nobody ever previously thought possible.
What I'm most excited about though, is the innovation coming up in the worlds of FPV and drone racing. Low latency and high-quality headsets are bringing amazing new perspectives to drone flight and the community within that space is full of talented and hungry people. And there's a lot of new development coming down the pipeline.
Drone Racing as the next E-sport
Like many young teens, I was obsessed with video games, which led to a long career in building and tweaking desktop computers. I learned to network to set up and play eight player LAN Warcraft, taught myself to program on an Apple II and wrote code on my graphing calculator to play Risk in math class. My love of video games drove me to learn and participate in the early performance computer market and eventually become an engineer. This early experience is not unique to me, but is shared by many of today's young engineers and makers in the technology world.
Today's drone racers remind me of those same LAN party computer builders I knew when I was younger. They know how to build amazingly fast, flying, race robots. Racers work together to get radio signals to a drone, manage weight, set unique controller settings and develop mechanical, electrical, computer and aerospace skills in the name of a hobby they love. They then go compete and everyone goes home, iterates and pushes harder.
The best thing about this constant innovation though, is that high school and college students that dive into this hobby are surreptitiously learning the skills necessary for the next technical era in the same way that hardcore video game players of the ‘90s are positioned for the current era. The drone racing community represents this incredible gathering of people that will influence the future; staying on that edge is the biggest reason why I took this role.
The Future of Fat Shark
Fat Shark is the leader in FPV headsets and a major player in the drone racing market. In joining, my first goal is to bring new display technologies to our current customers. I'm excited to team up with Gregory French, Fat Shark's founder, chief engineer and spirit animal as well as Grant Martin, a friend and former colleague at Avegant who recently joined Fat Shark as VP of Marketing.
It won't be an easy journey. The head mounted display and the FPV industries have major hurdles in front of them, and the challenges we have in front of us get bigger every day. On top of that, we have to understand how to help our customers keep the winning edge while helping more people get involved in drone racing.
I've joined Fat Shark to push into new territory. We are going to inject innovation in all components from the glass of the camera through the hardware chain to the design of the goggles and nature of the controls. Start with Fat Shark's current goggles, sprinkle in a few new display technologies and add a dash of Silicon Valley and you'll end up being as excited about drone racing's future as I am.
To get to this point though, I see broad strokes of change coming in the next years.
Communications will Improve
Most current drone racers still run flight and video communications on analog, 5.8 GHz communications. And while fast, those connections produce low resolution video signals for pilots and audience members, limiting the quality of engagement.
The Drone Racing League, The Drone Champions League and DR1 all face these problems today as they build racing leagues for mass audiences. Pilots prefer analog communications because they fail reliably and they're a known variable. But nobody's going to tune into ESPN to watch an FPV signal captured on analog technology (fun fact, each DRL has a GoPro on its back to capture race footage — the pilots don't actually race with that feed).
There are some digital solutions on the market, led by the innovators at Amimon and DJI. And while groundbreaking in their own ways, they're still not perfect; current digital solutions tend to be either large, expensive, or have significant latency. And while those trade-offs work for aerial photography, they simply won't work when flying a racing drone at 80 MPH while doing flip turns.
Tomorrow's solution to better communication and broader audiences lies in high quality and digital feeds with as little latency as possible. These technologies will be developed to solve problems in AR/VR, self-driving cars, and a variety of other industries. At Fat Shark, we'll look forward to implementing them not only for better video feeds but also in the robotic controls specific to racing drones.
Barriers to Entry need to Fall
Last week I tried hooking a 3D nerdcam FPV camera into my Dominator V3s, and before the project was complete I had watched 20 YouTube videos, purchased a half dozen parts from as many vendors, 3D printed a camera mount and ultimately called up a local pilot to help me finish my build. It was one of the most frustrating maker projects I've ever taken on — and I have a PhD in electrical engineering.
Why is this so hard to build?
Hobby drone flying and drone racing need to get easier for casual pilots to get involved. That means simpler battery architectures that don't require third-party chargers, easy-to-understand flight controls and painfully easy and friendly guides for training new users. This is critical to getting new and younger people involved in the sport and an imperative for market growth.
The Rise of Micro Drones
My realization that this was the right career choice was sealed when I flew a micro-quad around my apartment earlier this year.
For many, micro drones represent the perfect intersection of low cost and low risk without having to deal with the concern of wind, weather or the FAA. It's easy to set up a course anywhere, from the legs of your dining room table to the back area of your local brewery (check us out every Tuesday at Bare Bottle Brewing in San Francisco). But most of all, it's easy for everyone — young and old — to get involved.
I see micro drones as the gateway to larger scale and even professional drone racing. They're new-flyer-friendly and they lower the barrier to entering the sport.
So yes, it's official: I have joined forces with Greg and the Fat Shark team. Priority one is shepherding in a new generation of high quality, premium FPV headsets. But on that foundation we plan to build a next generation FPV company. And we hope that you'll join us along the way.
For once ... I'd like to be wrong. For once, I'd like white feminists to not be so damn predictable.
For once, I'd like white feminists to prove me wrong and do the complete opposite of what I expect them to do. For once, I'd like them to deviate from their typical play where they throw us—black women—under the bus by spiking us into the ground and abandoning us when they don't need our labor or our “strength” anymore.
Advertisement
For once.
But then again, I'm probably asking for too much.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
To explain, about two weeks ago, news broke that (in)famous movie producer and Hollywood power player Harvey Weinstein had preyed upon countless white women in Hollywood (and most likely women of color, too, who have yet to step forward, for a variety of good reasons).
Since then, Weinstein has rightfully been shamed, disgraced and dragged by Hollywood celebrities and civilians. But no one has quite come close to dragging him like actress Rose McGowan. McGowan was always vocal about sleazeballs like Weinstein, even prior to the New York Times and the New Yorker posting their explosive exposés. But regarding this ordeal, she has emerged as a Katniss Everdeen of sorts, coming for every famous male actor who either dismissed her or did something trifling back in the day, too.
Obviously, I support this. Cis, straight, white male violence impacts us all, and I'm all for that being dismantled and taken out. What I am not for is white women co-opting the struggles of black people—black women specifically—to do this. Which is why we are gathered here today.
Advertisement
Despite all the goodwill McGowan collected over the past couple of weeks, she managed to fuck that up in one week by tweeting out a now-deleted tweet that equated [white] women (because that's who she meant) with the premier slur for black people. This was her way of shaming James Corden for triflingly joking about the Harvey Weinstein scandal.
She, essentially, went full white feminist.
Of course, this was expected. White women historically and embarrassingly continue to drop the intersectional ball. But even with that being the case, there are some other reasons that the fact that white feminism is rearing its basic-ass head this time around shouldn't be all that surprising:
Advertisement
1. *That boycott* reinforced that solidarity really only is for white women.
This past week, before her horrendous tweet, McGowan was suspended from Twitter because of what some saw as her speaking out against the culture of silence that aggravated sexual violence in Hollywood's inner circle for decades. While she was reinstated later, cries to boycott the platform over her suspension rang out from a particular subset of Twitter (I'll let you guess who). The plan was for women to boycott Twitter for the day by not tweeting at all.
I caught wind of this boycott Thursday evening (the night before) and briefly considered it when I thought: What sense does it make to protest being silenced ... by being silent? It sounds like some rhetorical circle jerk, but think about it: If the powers that be want you to shut the fuck up (especially in online spaces like Twitter), why would you do that? Why give them what they want?
Advertisement
To black femmes like me, it appeared to be counterintuitive, but also showed one thing:
White women are often the only people who can afford to stay silent.
That silence was an option to begin with proved that point, but it also showed the immense cognitive dissonance white feminists display when they try to engage in matters of social justice.
Advertisement
For black women, silence is often equatable to death. We go through enough silencing, suppression and harassment over our voices day in and day out (which I'm about to get to). So who exactly thought it wise to tell us that we should totally volunteer to give up our voices for the day? Hmm?
Thankfully, our favorite social media superstar, April Reign, fixed that glaring oversight with an adjacent protest (#WOCAffirmation), but that still doesn't even begin to tackle the central issue many of us had with the boycott to begin with. Even if one were to excuse the method that was employed, there'd still be one problem left:
The timing.
Indeed. The whole reason I abstained from boycotting was the fact that I could not get behind the insulting transparency of taking up arms for Rose McGowan but leaving black women like Jemele Hill and Leslie Jones to be devoured by the wolves.
Advertisement
Both examples are painful reminders of what happens to black women who are loud and proud with their voices. Hill, a private citizen, was harassed by the White House—by 45, the (unfortunate) president of the United States—for correctly referring to him as a white supremacist. She was almost replaced at ESPN for her first “offense” and then unceremoniously suspended by the network for her “second” offense.
And while black women came out strong for her (as per usual), there were crickets from the same people who would have rioted for McGowan. No call for a Twitter boycott. No assistance from Twitter to stave off 45's attacks.
But that last part is unsurprising. Twitter has never cared about the harassment of black women on its platform. No, it would rather give us all 280 characters to waste and circular-profile pictures because why the fuck not?
Advertisement
And there's no greater example of this than Leslie Jones. After accepting what she thought was going to be a fun and harmless role in the Ghostbusters reboot, Jones endured harassment for months. This escalated and reached a fever pitch when Milo Yuckyanduntalented intentionally went after her.
I'm not gonna rehash everything she was called or likened to, but Twitter took no action until Jones herself retweeted and quoted-tweeted the harassment as a “LOOK AT THIS SHIT” tactic for someone to pay attention to.
After days of the onslaught, Twitter finally (begrudgingly) banned Milo from Twitter. And even then, support didn't come for her until #LoveForLeslieJ was created by @MarsInCharge—who is, wouldn't you know it, a black femme. And with that hashtag came the punctuation of an eternal point:
Advertisement
The only support that black women have in this world is the support that we give to one another and ourselves.
And speaking of support for black women:
2. McGowan's limp, disjointed, two-tweet “apology” demonstrates a profound lack of intersectionality and proves that she cannot be bothered with either repentance or accountability.
There were some who held out hope (I was not one of them) that even with McGowan's fuck-ass tweet, she'd own up to her gap in logic and apologize accordingly. This is not what happened. Instead, we got a painfully underdeveloped “apology” split up in two pathetic tweets. One quite frankly blamed it on weed, and the other was her apologizing to “any ‘POC' that were offended.”
Advertisement
Qué?
I don't know this “POC” to whom she is referring. I really don't. You know why? Because she didn't further marginalize, minimize or Columbus the struggle of “POC” when she made her offending tweet. She further marginalized, minimized and Columbused the struggle of black people. Specifically black women ... who, for the last time, live at the intersection of both (hello, misogynoir).
Advertisement
Regarding McGowan's tweet, “nigger” is not a historical slur against “POC.” It is a slur against black people. Black. People. Referring to white women as such is not only gross hyperbole but is fundamentally false. White women are not black and therefore will never know that struggle.
Equating yourself to such because you have the misfortune of coming just below Chet Cheterson on the privilege pyramid does not a nigger make.
Period.
So instead of co-opting the struggle of black people by making false equivalencies such as these, McGowan should have been preoccupied with putting in some damn work and finding some way to call out James Corden without throwing black women (and black people at large) under the bus. Again.
Advertisement
But since that didn't happen, since she used the specific pain of black women to make that gross analogy, that same fucking specificity should have been employed to apologize to black women.
Not “POC.” Not “WOC.” Black women.
If McGowan can tweet that shit with her chest, she should be able to apologize with her chest, too.
Advertisement
And make no mistake.
While I greatly empathize with McGowan's pain and the pain of any survivor (which was well-documented this past weekend with #MeToo), white feminists like her shouldn't let John Lennon and Yoko Ono get them fought. Because white women are not the “nigger of the world.”
And they never will be.
The different races measure the passage of time differently. They all agree on how long a year is, but none agree on how many years have passed since the world was made whole. Each start their calendar sometime before the age they grew to power, and some of them have lost years to cataclysm. The following is the current standard for each race as it is known:
Dragonborn: 6582, 23rd year of Last Light
Dwarves: 3453 AR, the Year of Cinders
Elves: 2456 , 43rd year of Aurora Awakening
Humans: 627 year of Sciatis Reckoning ,86th year of the Vizeria Empire.
The Oromian Calendar
Created by Oromus between the fall of dwarves and rise of elves. Oromus was a Cleric of Nelvor of indeterminate race, and the Oromian calendar marks the days of the year out into 12 months of 30 days each. Each month is then further divided into 3 weeks of 10 days each, or a tenday. It is believed he did such for the world's three moons, and their perfect phases: Saven, Nuul, and Vuul
The names of each day of a tenday have changed over the course of history, but they stand currently as follows:
Cupru Feru Argen Aes Tene Cerul Auru Viri Rus Albus
The Human Empire had a similar calendar, but they based the first date of every month on the full moon of Vuul, when the sky only had a single moon in the sky. The Elves counted the start of their month when Saven was Full. Dwarves simply picked a day and started counting from then, not caring so much for moons.
The names of the month have changed often, but they are as follows:
Serana Dion Nelvis Kiren Saven Xel Serena Nuul Vael Kari Vuul Zrack
As of the current year, the calendar has been modified to take into account the various views of the different races. If you would like to see the Calendar in full, please paste the below code into Donjon's Fantasy Calendar Generator:
Paul Joseph Watson joined me to break down the news that Twitter has established a "Trust and Safety Council."
Who is on this council and who isn't?
In an effort to transform their platform into a "safe space," Twitter is now in the business of censoring free speech and they've picked out an army of SJWs to get the job done!
JOIN TheRebel.media FREE for more fearless news and commentary you won't find anywhere else.
We demand that Milo Yiannopoulos -- a.k.a., @Nero -- be verified on Twitter again, and not be punished for his politics.
SIGN OUR PETITION to Verify Milo!
READ Shakedown: How Our Government is Undermining Democracy in the Name of Human Rights --
Ezra Levant's book about the Canadian Human Rights Commissions, censorship and the Mohammed cartoons was voted "the best political book of the last 25 years."
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Nicholas Mills and his sister Chelsey are standing outside their 96-year-old carpet stall inside Shepherd's Bush Market in West London.
The longest-running stall there, it supplies Hollywood films and BBC costume dramas from an Aladdin's cave of textiles.
Inside, by the till, is a photograph of their great-grandfather E Mills standing right where they are – in 1918 when the market was founded after the First World War.
“It has been in our family for four generations,” Nicholas, 31, says. “It's like a family, the market.”
But this Christmas is likely to be the last for Shepherd's Bush as an authentic market.
Next year, the area – including surrounding shops on Goldhawk Road, a day centre and flats for vulnerable people – will be “regenerated” into 212 luxury flats costing from £600,000 to £2million.
The land has been sold by Transport for London to developers Orion in a £150million deal given a green light by the previous Conservative council running Hammersmith and Fulham.
There are no plans for any social housing.
The market and shops have spent four years fighting back.
The Goldhawk Road shopkeepers have sunk their life savings into fighting two judicial reviews and have given evidence to a public inquiry, trying to end the compulsory purchase order.
(Image: BPM)
In February the Government's own planning inspector, Ava Wood, recommended the CPO be rejected because of the real risk that the market and replacement shops “would not provide the ethnic diversity, independent or small-scale retailing environment central to the appeal of this part of the town centre”.
But on October 10 – after withholding the report for eight months – Communities Secretary Eric Pickles overturned the inspector's decision.
Planning Minister Brandon Lewis announced the Secretary of State had decided to ignore the advice, and to confirm the CPO.
“It's pretty unprecedented,” says Andy Slaughter, the local Labour MP who is campaigning to save the market.
“A CPO is something you'd normally use for something like HS2 or widening a key road – not to benefit developers.
Why does Eric Pickles want to sell off Shepherd's Bush Market?”
The only hopes for the market now would be if the recently-elected Labour council at Hammersmith and Fulham can do something to unpick the deal or – if Labour wins the general election in May – it's possible a new Secretary of State could reverse Eric Pickles' decision.
Generations of West Londoners shopped here, long before the £1.6billion Westfield development. This year is no different as people pass under the Christmas tree to buy winter coats, halal meat and wrapping paper.
On the British Lingerie stall, Surjeet Duggal says the Market needed renovation not demolition.
“I have had this stall 25 years and I have worked here since 1984,” he says. “There has been a shop here since 1954. The customers know us, they know they can buy with confidence. We know their children. We served their parents.”
poll loading Should plan laws be stricter to protect our heritage? 0+ VOTES SO FAR YES NO
The Goldhawk Road shops – also facing compulsory purchase – are as historic as the market itself.
The legendary eel and pie shop, A Cooke's, appeared in Quadrophenia and has been in the same family since 1899.
Close by is Zippy's Diner, a classic 60s cafe – still with the same fittings it had in 1960 and offering a three-course meal on Christmas Day for £9.
The developers recently made A Cooke's – the road's most famous shop – a seven-figure offer they felt they couldn't ignore.
None of the shops blame them, but they are also feeling the pressure.
Their neighbours include a world- renowned row of fabric shops that have been trading alongside each other for decades.
“This has been a drapers' road for 163 years,” says Aniza Meghani, 49, owner of Classic Textiles.
“This shop has been here 50 years. It has been in my family for 35 years, since I was 15.”
Aniza's family came to London from Uganda, East Africa.
Shepherd's Bush isn't just a destination postcode to them, it's the place where they found sanctuary and a thriving business – after escaping the horrors of the murderous dictator Idi Amin.
“It will be devastating to go,” Aniza says. “It's very raw. I am going to cry.”
When gentrification comes with its wrecking ball – a form of social plastic surgery – it forgets that markets are full of the threads of people's lives.
But by next December the bulldozers of social cleansing will have cleared the path for a development branded as ‘SBM'.
A few stalls will remain, but every stallholder says the same thing, that the kind of people who buy a million pound flats don't want family butchers, cheap electronics and market fashions.
One shopper said to me. “If you look at the architect's drawings, you'll notice most of the people they are imagining in this Brave New World don't look anything like us.”
Richard Olsen, chairman of Orion, says the green light from the Government “paves the way for the modernisation of the market to ensure it remains a vibrant centre for the area which local people can be proud of”.
Meanwhile, Brandon Lewis says the “regeneration scheme” will safeguard its “distinctive identity”.
Stallholders wonder if by next Christmas they will have been replaced by a trophy “pop up” marketplace at the heart of a luxury development – full of expensive produce local people can't afford, the smell of expensive coffee and nostalgic wheelbarrows.
A vintage market made to look like genuine old London, but actually a mirage.
Miami Heat limited partner Raanan Katz said Tuesday he has no knowledge of whether LeBron James attempted to get Heat coach Erik Spoelstra fired during James' playing tenure with the Heat.
In the wake of coach David Blatt being dismissed last week by James' current team, the Cleveland Cavaliers, Katz was quoted by respected international basketball reporter David Pick on Twitter as saying on Israeli radio of James, "He tried the same with Spo, but failed."
Reached Tuesday by the Sun Sentinel, Katz said, "That was my opinion. I am very careful with what I say. I have no knowledge of what happened."
A Heat spokesman said before Tuesday night's game against the Brooklyn Nets at Barclays Center that there was no such attempt by James.
Katz, who sits courtside at AmericanAirlines Arena next to the visiting-team bench, holds a small ownership stake in the Heat and is not involved in the team's basketball operations.
"The only thing I said to the reporter was, 'It's up to you to figure it out yourself,' "
said Katz, who owns real estate holdings in South Florida and New England, and has several international basketball connections, including previous time as a part-owner of Israeli League basketball powerhouse Maccabi Tel Aviv, where Blatt had previously coached.
James left the Heat as a free agent in the 2014 offseason to return to the Cavaliers, after leading the Heat to the NBA Finals in each of his four seasons with the team, including NBA championships in 2012 and '13.
Katz does not hide his feelings over James' departure.
"The guy left," he said Tuesday, "I would not talk to him again.
"I have my own feelings, but that is all."
winderman@tribpub.com. Follow him at twitter.com/iraheatbeat or facebook.com/ira.winderman
By Ronnie Nathanielsz
Former IBF light flyweight champion Johnreil Casimero's mandatory title shot against flyweight champion Amnat Ruenroeng of Thailand is scheduled to take place in Thailand but no date has yet been decided on.
Sammy Gello-ani who co-promotes Casimero with well known international promoter and matchmaker Sampson Lewkowicz told BoxingScene.com/New Standard that the title fight is “a done deal” and that the Thai promoter is “looking for a date.”
Asked whether he was concerned about the possibility of a hometown decision in Thailand, Gello-ani said “its not a problem because Casimero is used to fighting abroad and winning.”
Casimero is currently deep in training in Las Vegas along with featherweight “Marvelous” Marvin Sonsona and is reportedly in “top shape.”
The 25 year old Casimero has a record of 21-2 with 13 knockouts. He earned a mandatory title shot with a rousing 2nd round TKO of Puerto Rico's Armando Santos in a flyweight eliminator in Puerto Rico.
Ruenroeng who is 35 years old is a former Olympian who turned pro after the Beijing Olympics and won the vacant IBF flyweight title with a unanimous twelve round decision over OPBF champion Rocky Fuentes on January 22, 2014 and successfully defended the title also by a unanimous decision over popular two-time Chinese Olympic gold medalist Zou Shiming in Macau last March 8.
Those final few moments leading up to President Barack Obama's State of the Union are sometimes fraught with mild panic for his team of speechwriters. There are words to include and phrases to scotch, especially if they don't suit President Obama's distinct rhetorical style. Jon Favreau, Obama's former chief speechwriter, knows this process all too well. In anticipation of tonight's SOTU, Favreau shares his strategy on what are the right notes to hit, how to steer the crowd into applause, and why those post-SOTU responses from a member of the opposing party are always "totally clumsy."
ESQ: So, you have a blank page in front of you. Where do you start?
JF: The blank page is always the biggest enemy. I am a person who starts from the beginning, so I cannot write other sections of the speech until I get the beginning right. That can take hours, if not days. The thing that you write on the blank page to kind of comfort yourself is, "Mr. Vice President, members of congress, and the American people," colon.
So you have that for a while. Then you want some kind of big opening, you want applause early in the speech. You want some sort of applause at the outset, from both sides, both parties. Usually the beginning is some sort of unifying message about, you know, where the country is. You usually throw in the "the State of the Union" phrase somewhere towards the beginning. But the challenge is to get out of the beginning as fast as possible and into the meat of the speech, because there is a lot of it. You want to save room for everything.
ESQ: Would you have a list of phrases or topics that would usually get the applause?
JF: Not by topic. The topics are decided by the President, what his plans are, what his agenda is, what his vision is. But within the topics, while you're writing, you are aware that as you end the paragraph on any given issue, you want a note of applause.
So if you're calling on Congress to pass something, maybe you talk about the issue throughout the paragraph, and your last line is "so pass this bill right away!" You can generate applause that way. Basically the only time you think about applause is when you transition from one issue to the next.
ESQ: Since it is a touchy subject for the President and the legislative branch, how should he approach the government shutdown of last year?
JF: Because we fortunately ended the year on an unusually happy note, which was congress passing the budget, finally, that undid some of the damage from sequestration. Nobody got everything they wanted, certainly the White House didn't get everything it wanted. But I think that budget then becomes a model. You can talk about the shutdown in the sense that, "well, you guys finally passed the budget. You finally did a good thing. So now let's not repeat the mistakes of last year. Let's move forward."
ESQ: And will that get applause?
JF: [Laughs] Hopefully. I think it will, because he's going to be able to thank both parties for passing that budget. It's a bipartisan budget, right? No one's loving it, but a lot of them voted for it and it got through. And when you say let's move forward from shutting down our government or putting the credit rating at risk—it's hard to not applaud for that.
ESQ: In last year's State of the Union, the gun control issue wasn't really addressed at the tail end of the speech. Would you bring gun control closer up to the fore?
JF: It was at the end last time for emotional reasons. It was sort of the ending of the speech and we knew that [former Congresswoman] Gabby Giffords very courageously came to the State of the Union, and so the President demanded a vote, or asked Congress to give the victims a vote.
What happened is they did give them a vote, they voted in the Senate, and a majority voted for common sense gun proposals, but a minority in the Senate blocked it and filibustered it. There is no legislative way through the Senate for any common sense gun measures, even the most minor ones at this point.
It's not just the fault of the Republicans, it's also the fault of red state Democrats who are not courageous. I think it's very hard for the president to make a big deal of it tonight because we have the same exact make-up in the Senate and probably even less of a chance passing [a gun control bill] through the house. I think the president over the last coupe months has taken some executive actions around gun control and it's made a difference on the margins, but you kind of need a new congress to pass something significant.
ESQ: Given when you were writing these speeches, how frantic is it between now and when the actual State of the Union is delivered?
JF: It's frantic. Usually the substance of the speech is locked down the night before, the Sunday before. The big changes usually don't happen after that. What's happening is there's policy edits, there's research edits that keep coming right up to the last minute.
As the president actually delivers the speech for the first time during a practice session, then words change for tone, and for whatever the president wants. He kind of messes with the words up until a couple of hours before. And everyone is trying to cut the length. Anytime someone adds a few words to a sentence in the day of, you try to find words to cut somewhere else from the speech. It can be pretty frantic.
ESQ: How do you prepare yourself for the post-speech responses from the Michele Bachmanns and the Bobby Jindals? They don't really have a full sense of what the speech is going to entail, but did you in some ways anticipate what they're going to react to? Or was that all an afterthought?
JF: The problem with giving a response that is kind of pre-canned or pre-pegged, is that you're not really responding to the speech. You are responding to what you think the speech is going to say, which is why these responses aren't that great. If you generate a response before the speech is given, or before you've seen the speech, it's based on your own political characterizations of what you imagine the president is going to say, and it's usually not that effective.
When we're writing the State of the Union, we don't think about the responses at all. And it turns out most Americans don't, either. That's true for both parties giving the responses throughout the years. It's a bad gig to have to follow up on the Speech of the Union.
ESQ: And they can be so clumsy. Bachmann staring into the wrong camera, or Marco Rubio lunging for a water glass.
JF: Totally clumsy.
ESQ: Is there any kind of satisfaction in seeing these kinds of reactions?
JF: I will tell you, even though I am a Democrat, since I am also a writer, and a speechwriter specifically, there is no satisfaction. Anytime someone looks like they're struggling while giving a speech, it pains me as a writer. I wish they would do away with them, or if people would just give their response in interviews. It's a better format. They're usually just so uniformly bad.
MORE ON THE State of the Union:
• 'Game of Thrones' Can Explain Every Move Obama's Made
• Pierce: It's Time for Obama to Take Back His Presidency
• What Dumb Thing Will Distract Us This Year?
• I Just Checked Twitter and the State of Our Union Is Fine
April 7th, the collective of We are on the eve of the fateful day,, the collective of Anonymous announced a massive cyberattack against the state of Israel as part of the campaign started in the last months and named #OpIsrael
The hacktivists are conducting a massive call to army to recruit new forces and inform all the members of collective of the cyberattack planned against Israeli network infrastructures.
The hacktivists protest against Israeli bombing of Palestinian territory expressing solidarity with the Palestinian people condemning Israeli Government and its decisions.
The hackers motivated to The Hackers Post website their participation with following statement: “Israel isn't stopping human rights violations. It's to show solidarity with newly recognized Palestinian state.” “the hacking teams have decided to unite against Israel as one entity…Israel should be getting prepared to be erased from the internet.”
erase Israel from the internet' in a coordinated and massive Anonymous has promised to ‘' in a coordinated and massive cyberattack planned on April 7th, the Holocaust Memorial Day that occur on 27 Nisan (April/May) to remember the event happened during the summer of 1942 when about 300,000 Jews were deported from Warsaw to Treblinka.
Following the message posted by Anonymous collective states:
"To the government of Israel: You have NOT stopped your endless human right violations. You have NOT stopped illegal settlements. You have NOT respected the ceasefire. You have shown that you do NOT respect international law," the group of hackers also published a video on YouTube video renewing accusations against Israeli government that menaced to shut down the internet in Gaza. "When the government of Israel publicly threatened to sever all internet and other telecommunications in and outside of Gaza, they crossed a line in the sand,".
The menace is creating considerable apprehension among the Israeli authorities, the majority of the main hacktivist cells has already confirmed the adhesion, most of them in the past have been guilty of attacks on government organizations and offices, Israel Government is very concerned and is organizing its defense to mitigate the offensive.
Director of online webpage Accessible Government, Ben Avi, reported to Haaretz website:
“what distinguishes this plan when compared to previous attacks is that it really seems to be organized by Anonymous-affiliated groups from around the world in what looks like a joining of forces.”
Let's remember that during last initiatives related to #OpIsrael campaign around 700 Israeli websites have been hit including high-profile government systems such as Israeli President's official website and the Foreign Ministry. Official sources of Israel State reported around 44 million unique attacks on government websites, principal websites of the country suffered DDoS attacks and hacker also obtained personal data related to Israeli officials.
Israel Government is preparing the defense alerting managers of principal infrastructures of the country, Deputy Information Security Officer Ofir Cohen confirmed with an e-mail sent to Knesset ISP employees that government websites are expected to face distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks and attempts at vandalism.
"The estimations are that [the cyber-attacks] will reach an unusual level that we have never seen before,"
The Information Security Department of the Knesset is working to put in place all necessary measure to mitigate the attacks and protect information stored on principal government networks.
The battlefield is not only represented by companies' networks and government network assets, every machine exposed on the internet is a possible target of the hacktivists and its impairment could advantage further attacks, a large scale campaign needs also the participation of a huge quantity of compromised machines.
I suggest to the readers the analysis proposed by AnalysisInetelligence, it sustains that the attacks against Israel could be supported by state-sponsored attackers. AnalysisInetelligence web site states:
We recently reported on the revival of Operation Israel (#OpIsrael) being coordinated by a group of hackers aligned with Anonymous. The coalition of hackers appears to have ties to the Iranian government, Pakistan, Syria, Egypt, and the terror group Hezbollah, according to a report published by Cryptome.: ”
"The attributions are to the best of our knowledge, based on language analysis, history and helps from our sources who speak Arabic ( various forms ) and Farsi ( various forms, mostly Persian ) natively:
AnonGhost ( distributed - freelance )AnonymousPal ( U.S and E.U - freelance )
OsamaTheGod ( false flag )
Teamr00t ( Pakistan - ideological )
Hannibal ( Anti-OPISRAEL , inside fight , Indian - freelance )
PunkBoyinSF ( Egyptian ties - freelance )
Mauritania HaCker Team ( distributed - freelance )
ajax Team ( unknown )
MLA - Muslim Liberation Army ( ties to Pakistan )
Gaza Hacker Team ( Palestinians in U.S and E.U , perhaps some members in Arab countries as well )
Gaza Security Team ( same )
Gaza Security Team ( ties to Syria - Syrian nationals - freelance )
Algerian Hacker ( unknown )
Iranian Cyber Army ( Iran , hired hackers based in Iran )
Remember Emad ( Joint Lebanese and Iranian effort - high likely state-backed )
Parastoo ( Iranian , reported to have ties with IRGC-QF and Hezbollah )
Syrian Electronic Army ( reported to be controlled by elements of pro-Hezbollah activists )
Our analysis to the moment shows not much of coordination between these groups contrary to the popular belief and the sum of human resources all together to the best of our current analysis is not more than 50 individuals. The collectives with Arab leanings are not much advanced, have ties with residents of European and U.S and they are mostly relay on Dumps and Botnets. The teams with Pakistani, Syrians and Lebanese members are more advanced and reported to have ties with governments. Iranian teams are just using the situation to harm Israel and U.S interests and reported to be directly funded by IRGC and MOIS, the Iranian Intelligence."
The risk that behind the attacks there is also the support of hostile governments is high but I exclude that the attacks have been planned with this specific intent … historically Anonymous fights for defense of human rights and free access to Internet. My principal concern is related to the possible infiltration operated by state sponsored hackers that could benefit of the large scale attack to hide their operations and increase the powerful of the cyber offensive.
This may be one of the last times that TBD.com does what it's most famous for. Getting media attention, that is.
When I attempted to log onto the site this afternoon, nothing approaching the TBD.com template popped up. Instead, I was redirected to WJLA.com, the other Washington local news site that operates from the Rosslyn offices of Allbritton Communications Co.
“It's the end,” writes Bill Lord, VP and general manager of WJLA-TV, NewsChannel 8, WJLA.com and TBD.com. Oh, scratch that last one.
Upshot: TBD.com has died its third or fourth — but this time final — death. It launched in August 2010 to insane and silly fanfare, an editorial head count north of 30 and hope that maybe someone could make a living off a forward-looking news site that wasn't just on the Web, but “of the Web,” as General Manager Jim Brady liked to say.
Such hope lasted months. Brady was out the door before Thanksgiving. In early 2011, the site laid off about half of its staff. As TBD's editor, I handled that business. Following the tumult, the site slowly bled talent and in June of this year said good-bye to its last editorial employee, according to the Washington City Paper.
So the site just republished stories from WJLA.com, the Web presence of Allbritton's local ABC affiliate. City Paper noted in June that this little Internet fraud appeared to be working: “Saul Carlin, the director of online media for TBD and sister site WJLA.com, writes in an email that the site continues to have strong audience demographics and will stay operational.” Guess those “audience demographics” figured things out.
Nor did the dual approach work managerially: “It no longer made sense to support the two sites,” says Lord in a brief interview.
Democrats will point the finger of racism at anything they disagree with, but the fact remains is their history is one of horrible racism including slavery and the KKK. Republican Senator Ted Cruz has had enough of their crap and called out the Democratic Party for what they are: hypocrites, liars, and yes, even racists.
Leading up to the vote for Jeff Session's Attorney General nomination, the powerless democrats did all they could to stall because like everything else, they think he's a racist. Progressive liar Elizabeth Warren used her stalling time to insult Sessions, which is a violation of Senate rules, and she was told “go home Liz, you're drunk.” Because Warren was reading a letter written by MLK's wife at the time she was shut down, this again was labeled as racist by the democrats.
Speaking on Fox News Wednesday about liberal opposition to Jeff Sessions, Ted Cruz said the democrats were “angry and out of their minds.”
“They're foaming at the mouth practically,” said Cruz.
Cruz then accurately pegged the democratic debate tactic as an exercise in bullshit:
“It's one of the crutches — when the left doesn't have any other arguments, they go and just accuse everyone of being a racist, and it's an ugly, ugly part of the modern Democratic Party,” Cruz said.
And compared and contrasted Republicans and Democrats:
“Jeff Sessions is an honorable, decent person,” said Cruz. “The Democrats are the party of the Ku Klux Klan. The Dixiecrats, they were Democrats who imposed segregation, imposed Jim Crow laws, who founded the Klan. The Klan was founded by a great many Democrats.”
With a punctuation mark:
“And yet now the Democrats just accuse anyone they disagree with of being a racist,” finished Cruz.
I can't wait for the liberal fake news fact-checkers to try to debunk this. What Ted Cruz said is 100% true. Southern democrats were the slave owners. They are the ones who formed the KKK and oppressed black people with discriminatory laws and straight up terrorism.
The biggest BS part about this is how democrats constantly try to portray Republicans as racists, when they are the ones with the racist history. I defy the democrat to show any evidence that Republicans were ever part of a racist organization or committed acts of racism.
There is a meme going around in relation to the hysterical liberal freak-out over Donald Trump's election that says: Democrats haven't been this upset since the Republicans took their slaves away. Liberals want you to forget that Abraham Lincoln, the guy who freed the slaves, was a Republican and that the people he freed them from were democrats.
During the Presidential campaign, Hillary Clinton ran primarily on baseless accusations that Donald Trump was a racist. She cited the fact that various white nationalist groups had endorsed Trump, even though he disavowed their support. Meanwhile, she didn't want anyone to remember that she was mentored by West Virginia Senator Robert Byrd who was a former Grand Cyclops of the KKK.
Democrats are always scolding the country about how we must never forget the racist history of the United States, but they don't want us to remember the racist history of the Democratic Party. If American cannot be forgiven for the sin of slavery and racism, why do the democrats get a free pass for their prominent role in those things?
Follow Brian Anderson on Twitter
BERLIN (Reuters) - The German economy could face headwinds from a protectionist U.S. trade policy and excessive state interference in China, the BDI industry association said on Tuesday, projecting a 1.5 percent expansion in Europe's biggest economy this year.
BITKOM President Dieter Kempf speaks to media at the CeBIT trade fair in Hanover March 15, 2015. The world's biggest computer and software fair will open to the public from March 16 to 20. REUTERS/Morris Mac Matzen
Economists have been urging the German government to pursue reforms and increase investment in digitalisation, research and development, infrastructure and education to lay the foundations for a new economic cycle - one less reliant on exports.
“In view of global political uncertainty that particularly threatens our national economy, future growth is anything but self-evident,” BDI President Dieter Kempf said.
“The key is proactive state investments in our roads, energy and digital networks as well as in education,” Kempf said.
The BDI, which has forecast growth of 1.9 percent for 2016, said it expected exports to rise 2-3 percent this year and up to half a million people to join the work force.
The Federal Statistics Office will release growth figures for 2016 on Thursday. The government expects the economy to have grown by 1.8 percent last year, the strongest expansion in half a decade.
Looking ahead, German exporters, whose sector remains key to the economy despite a weakening in recent years, fear that a protectionist trade policy under Trump would hurt their business.
Kempf warned against any attempt to seal off the United States and limit free trade.
“This would damage the whole global economy and in particular the export-oriented German economy,” he said.
State interference in China was also a worry for German firms doing business there, he said.
LOSING MOMENTUM
Most economists expect economic growth to slow this year as the three main economic drivers - construction, consumption and government spending - lose some momentum.
These three sectors have benefited from low interest rates, which are unlikely to fall further. This, coupled with rising inflation and expectations of a stagnating unemployment rate, may dampen growth.
Nevertheless, economists expect growth to slow only gradually in coming years.
The construction sector is forecast to continue its solid performance, helped by the housing shortages and low interest rates that have encouraged more people to buy homes instead of renting.
Slideshow (3 Images)
Construction industry associations said on Tuesday they expected sales to rise by 5 percent this year and hit a 20-year record, following growth of 5.8 percent in 2016.
“The German construction industry is heading into 2017 with great confidence,” said the leaders of the Deutsche Bauindustrie and Deutsche Baugewerbe in a statement. “As seen last year, the driver will be residential construction with growth of 7 percent.”
They said the main risk to the sector was a looming shortage of skilled workers.
A Lithuanian company called Neurotechnology has developed a device they are calling an ultrasonic 3D printer. Built by the firm's Ultrasound Research Group, it is just a prototype at this stage and is only capable of assembling printed circuit board (PCB) electronics. In fact, it is less 3D printer and more assembler, but the researchers believe the technology is capable of fabricating anything you can think of just from raw materials. Think "primitive Star Trek replicator" and you are getting the right idea.
"Just imagine, your smartphone could be printed with a single device. All the electronics, the casing, sockets, everything could be done with a single printer."
The device uses an array of ultrasonic transducers to manipulate components or materials. Each transducer is individually controlled by a computer and can create “pressure profiles” capable of moving and rotating objects within the array. The objects do not even have to be solid. The printer can move water, molten plastic or metal without touching the material. This is where the idea of full fabrication comes into play. If the device can manipulate melted plastic precisely, it could theoretically form it into a template for something like a smartphone casing.
Research engineer Dr. Osvaldas Putkis, the project lead says, “Ultrasonic manipulation can handle a very large range of different materials, including metals, plastics, and even liquids.”
As you can see in the video (top), the demonstration prototype is capable of precisely moving objects smaller than a grain of rice. Dr. Putkis says the precision of the machine is on the scale of microns. For example, at 40kHz the device can work within tens of microns. At higher frequencies, it is even more precise.
“Such technology would enable having printers that are capable of printing virtually everything.”
Putkis demonstrated the prototype's capabilities by constructing a simple working circuit with a couple of resistors and a light emitting diode on a piece of PCB. The device uses a camera to track the position of the components. The ultrasonic transducers rotate (if necessary) and move the parts into the proper position. Then a laser is used to solder the components into place. All of this occurs with no external contact.
Assembling objects this way offers several advantages, especially with electronics. For one, electrostatic discharge is of no concern, so sensitive circuitry is safe. Physical damage from grasping is also eliminated. The difficulty of handling very small and oddly shaped components becomes a piece of cake when the computer can quickly place objects less than a millimeter in size in a defined orientation.
As it is currently, the ultrasonic 3D printer is clearly not capable of assembling anything as complex as a smartphone, even if it had all the components. The prototype is just a proof of concept, but the group wants to develop the technology further. It is currently seeking out other companies that are interested in helping to further the design and application of the device. It might be a while before we see anything close to a Star Trek replicator in out homes, but the tech certainly has some practical industrial applications that could be achieved before then.
Israeli tanks have shelled a hospital in the central Gaza Strip, killing at least five people and wounding at least another 50.
Al Jazeera's Stephanie Dekker, reporting from Gaza, said according to early reports the third floor of the al-Aqsa Hospital in Deir al-Balah had been hit by at least three tank shells on Monday.
There was no let-up in the Israeli offensive, with another 31 Gazans killed in a series of strikes on Monday even as the US and the UN demanded an "immediate ceasefire".
And Israel said troops killed 10 Hamas fighters after they came over the border through a network of tunnels that the army says it has been trying to destroy in an intensive four-day ground operation.
On Sunday, at least 72 people were killed in central Gaza during an Israeli assault that destroyed much of the Shujayea district and left charred bodies lying in the streets.
Medics pulled another 68 bodies from the rubble early on Monday, Ashraf al-Qudra, Gaza's emergency services spokesman, said.
Elsewhere, hundreds of people could be seen moving out of the northern Gaza town of Beit Hanoun.
Hospital doctor's account
Al-Aqsa Hospital is the third to be hit by Israeli tank fire since Israel launched its ground offensive in Gaza four days ago.
Al Jazeera's Dekker said the scene of the hospital shelling was an area "where a lot of people had been fleeing to".
"There's extremely heavy shelling going on in that neighbourhood. This is an area you'd think would be relatively safe," she said.
"It's a public hospital; it is run by the government. It was established here before Hamas took over."
A distressed doctor at the scene of the attack told Al Jazeera: "We cannot do anything here for our patients, all the patients, all the injured in the emergency department."
There were no known indications that the hospital was used by armed factions of Hamas.
Mark Regev, spokesman for Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, told Al Jazeera: "You are allowed to hit targets where their [Hamas] war machine is using to hide rockets."
"I have no doubt Hamas uses, has used and continues to use, hospitals … we do not target civilians," Regev said.
"But I am not aware of this specific situation."
Later on Monday, the Israeli military said an initial investigation suggested that anti-tank missiles were stored near the hospital and that the cache was successfully targeted.
"Civilian casualties are a tragic inevitability of the brutal and systematic exploitation of homes, hospitals and mosques in Gaza," the army said.
Dr Medhat Abbas, director of al-Aqsa Hospital, said any Israeli claim that Hamas was using the hospital "was a big lie".
"I challenge anyone in the international community to prove that. There are no weapons in our hospital," Abbas said.
We are ready for any inspection. Any international organisation can come and make sure we have nothing in our hospital."
"They are professional liars and killers."
Dr Abbas said the hospital was planning to evacuate its remaining patients but had nowhere safe to take them.
"No hospitals are safe in Gaza. If we move them, there is no safe hospital in Gaza," he said.
The hospital's operating theatre and intensive care unit were damaged in the shelling.
Basman Elashi, of El Wafa Hospital, another Gaza hospital that was shelled on Thursday, told Al Jazeera that he could hear very heavy shelling from the area near the hospital.
"We have no place to hide. No place for the children and the women. They are inhumane. They are acting like an animal; they are targeting every home and family in Gaza," Elashi said.
Hamas leader's speech
The ongoing Israeli offensive appeared to only strengthen the resolve of Ismail Haniyah, a senior Hamas leader, to continue fighting.
"Dear blood was spilled today. These massacres, these [killings] against our Palestinian people cannot be overlooked," he said in a televised speech.
"Today's resistance will have the final word, the final strike. Through faith, dignity, the resistance is supreme and the people and their will, will also be supreme.
Separately, Hanan Ashrawi, PLO executive committee member, told Al Jazeera: "We cannot let this situation continue. The people who are paying the price are innocent civilians, women and children."
Against this backdrop of rising civilian deaths, Ban Ki-moon, the UN secretary-general, arrived in the Egyptian capital Cairo for high-level talks on ending the hostilities, with John Kerry, US secretary of state, also expected to fly in later on Monday.
At least 573 Palestinians have been killed since the conflict escalated two weeks ago, most of them civilians.
Eighteen Israeli soldiers, including seven on Monday, and two civilians have died.
Also on Monday, Hamas fired 50 more rockets at Israel, including two at Tel Aviv, causing no injuries or damage, agencies reported.
Since the start of the Israeli operation, Hamas has fired almost 2,000 rockets at Israel.
Former Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev visits the former Berlin Wall border crossing point Checkpoint Charlie, in Berlin November 7, 2014. REUTERS/Hannibal Hanschke
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev called on Wednesday for a U.S.-Russia summit to be convened to prevent a deep freeze in Moscow's relations with the West over the Ukraine crisis.
Gorbachev, whose policy of “perestroika” (restructuring) played a role in ending the Cold War, warned of potentially dire consequences if tensions were not reduced.
“This is extremely dangerous, with tensions as high as they are now. We may not live through these days: someone could lose their nerve,” he wrote in a commentary entitled “To unfreeze relations” for government daily Rossiyskaya Gazeta.
“I suggest the leaders of Russia and the United States think about holding a summit with a broad agenda, without preliminary conditions,” he wrote. “One needn't be afraid of ‘losing face', that someone will gain a propaganda victory: this should all belong to the past. One needs to think about the future.”
The diplomatic standoff over Ukraine is the worst between Moscow and the West since the Cold war ended more than two decades ago. Gorbachev warned of a new Cold War last month at an event marking the fall of the Berlin Wall.
The United States, NATO and the European Union accuse Russia of sending troops and weapons to support a separatist uprising in eastern Ukraine, and have imposed sanctions on Moscow.
Russia denies providing the rebels with military support and fends off Western criticism of its annexation of Crimea in March, saying the Crimean people voted for it in a referendum.
Relations between the U.S. and Russian presidents, Barack Obama and Vladimir Putin, are strained and Obama pulled out of a summit planned with Putin in St Petersburg in September 2013. They last met, briefly, at a G20 summit in Brisbane last month.
“Judging by recent statements, diplomats on both sides are bracing for long-term confrontation,” wrote Gorbachev, who is widely respected abroad but has few backers in Russia.
Story highlights Short clarified that the White House did not support the bipartisan agreement as outlined
He said they were sending a list of White House principles, including the repeal of the individual mandate
Washington (CNN) White House legislative affairs director Marc Short said Thursday that President Donald Trump needs significant changes to a bipartisan deal on health care and does not support it as outlined.
"He does not support a bailout to the insurance companies," Short said on CNN's "The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer."
Short said repeatedly the President "appreciates" the efforts of Republican Sen. Lamar Alexander of Tennessee and Democratic Sen. Patty Murray of Washington, who brokered an agreement that would guarantee cost-sharing reduction payments and allow states more flexibility on Obamacare.
The bill unveiled this week quickly gained the support of many on both sides of the aisle, but Trump himself has given a mixed response to the legislation.
Trump tweeted Wednesday morning that he supported the effort but could never support "bailing out" insurance companies.
I am supportive of Lamar as a person & also of the process, but I can never support bailing out ins co's who have made a fortune w/ O'Care. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 18, 2017
Read More
Google's and LG's Nexus 5X is my favourite Android smartphone currently on the market, and a worthy successor to the now two-year-old Nexus 5. It also marks a return to what Google's Nexus line of devices was focused on prior to the release of the Nexus 6 in 2014: releasing affordable, reasonably priced, mid-range, stock Android smartphones.
Similar to past flagship Nexus devices, the Nexus 5X is ahead of the devices in its price range in terms of aesthetic and build quality, with its closest rival being the critically acclaimed Moto X Play.
The Nexus 5X's improved hardware, larger battery and 12.3 megapixel back camera combine to ensure the smartphone is a worthwhile purchase for anyone still clinging to their rapidly aging Nexus 5.
However, while the Nexus 5X's hardware has been improved, one shouldn't mistake it for a high-end device, instead falling firmly into mid-range territory.
This year, Google launched two new flagship Nexus devices, the LG-manufactured Nexus 5X, and the considerably more powerful (and expensive) Huawei-made Nexus 6P. All smartphones are a successor to the Nexus 5 and Nexus 6, and both are iterative updates over their predecessors, with two very different audiences in mind.
I'm pleased with the upgrades featured in the Nexus 5X when compared to the rapidly aging Nexus 5, but whether or not the 5X is the right smartphone for you will depend on a variety of factors, particularly if price and performance are primary considerations.
Specs
Android 6.0 Marshmallow
5.2-inch IPS LCD display (1080 x 1920), 423 ppi
Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 SoC, Adreno 418 GPU, Gorilla Glass 3
2GB of RAM
16GB/32GB internal storage options
2700mAh battery
12.3 megapixel rear camera, F2.0 lens, 1/2.3 camera sensor, HDR+
5 megapixel front-facing camera
4K video at 30fps
Wi-Fi, 802.11 a, b, g, n, 5GHz, ac
147 x 72.6 x 7.9mm
136g
Nexus Imprint fingerprint scanner
LTE FDD 17, 28, 18, 19, 20, 5, 8, 4, 3, 9, 2, 1, 7
Low-end price with a (mostly) high-end feel
One of the most shocking things about the Nexus 5X is how much the phone weighs. When compared to the iPhone 6s, HTC One M9, or Samsung Galaxy S6 – three smartphones I've used for considerable periods of time over the last few months – the Nexus 5X is incredibly light.
Initially, I thought the 5X was lighter than its predecessor, but surprisingly it isn't. The Nexus 5 weighs in at 130 grams, and the Nexus 5X is actually slightly heavier at 136 grams, although when holding each smartphone in both hands, the difference is negligible. The newer Nexus just feels more well balanced.
At 5.2 inches, the Nexus 5X's screen size has been boosted slightly over its predecessor, bringing its IPS display more in line with larger devices that have grown in popularity over the last few years.
While a 0.25-inch size increase might not seem significant, in real-world usage it is. The additional screen real estate makes web browsing, gaming and even simple tasks like typing easier to perform on the Nexus 5X. And those not fond of phablet style smartphones will also be pleased to know the 5X can easily be used with only one hand, unlike the Nexus 6P, iPhone 6s Plus, and Galaxy Note 5, as well as many other devices released in the past year.
Furthermore, despite the 5X's plastic build, it's the first smartphone I feel comfortable using without a protective case. The Nexus 5X might not feature the premium build you'd find featured in the high-end iPhone 6s or Samsung Galaxy, but it certainly is one of the most resilient smartphones I have ever used.
My Nexus 5X review unit took a few accidental tumbles onto the hard, tile floor of my bathroom over my two weeks with the device, and is completely unscathed.
Its rubberized plastic finish also makes gripping the device easy, and ensures the greasy fingerprints that commonly show up on the Nexus 5's backing, are an issue of the past.
And a small ridge around the the front of the phone's display, while serving no practical purpose, gives it a unique tactile feel I haven't experienced with other Android devices (the ridge is similar to the rim around the 5X's fingerprint scanner).
Other notable new design features include a slight bulge where the Nexus 5X's camera protrudes from its body, a common design feature included in most modern smartphones; a Nexus Imprint fingerprint scanner (more on this later); and a USB-type-C Port.
It's also important to note that while the Nexus 5X's on/off switch and volume rocker feel tighter when compared to the Nexus 5's, they still wobble in the phone's body, making both buttons sometimes difficult to press. Additionally, while USB Type-C is the future of connectivity, the technology is inherently controversial because it hasn't become mainstream yet. It's unlikely many people have extra USB Type-C adapters laying around, and this could pose a problem, since the box only comes with a Type-C to Type-C cable.
The Nexus 5X's speaker is also located bottom of the phone's face, instead of at its base like in the Nexus 5. While I rarely listen to music or audio directly through my smartphone, instead opting for external speakers, the Nexus 5X, when compared to the Nexus 5, is able to output at greater volume, without distorting sound.
My sole complaint about the Nexus 5X's build is that when tapping the phone, or grabbing it firmly, I could often feel a minor shake or vibration. I wasn't able to pinpoint the source, but it is likely the 5X's internal vibration motor jostling around (the same component that powers the 5X's excellent haptic feedback).
This vibration isn't a significant issue, but is still worth noting because it's the type of problem commonly found in mid-range phones like the Nexus 5X, and acts as a constant reminder Google and LG's latest smartphone is manufactured at the most cutthroat of margins.
Great specifications at an affordable price
The best thing about the Nexus 5X is its impressive technical specifications, especially when the smartphone's $499 CAD price tag is taken into consideration.
The Nexus 5X's 5.2-inch 1080 x 1920 pixel IPS display, featuring 424 pixels per inch, is a joy to look at despite its moderately lower resolution compared to higher-end smartphones like the Nexus 6P. The screen's viewing angles are impressive, unless you're using the 5X in direct sunlight, and colours pop from its display with a vibrancy that wasn't present in the Nexus 5 and Nexus 4.
Under the hood, the Nexus 5X is equipped with a hexa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 processor, an Adreno 418 GPU and 2GB of RAM. In comparison the Nexus 5 utilizes a Qualcomm Snapdragon 800, so the 5X's processor is a significant improvement over the hardware featured in its predecessor.
While the Nexus 5X's 2GB of RAM initially seems like a problem given that many Android devices, even mid-range ones, now feature 3GB, save for a couple of minor hiccups while launching Marshmallow's stock camera app, as well as using Google Now on Tap and high-end, resource intensive games, I ran into few slowdowns. With that said, though, an additional 1GB of RAM would have been welcome on the Nexus 5X.
One of my favourite Nexus 5X improvements over the Nexus 5 is its larger 2,700 mAh battery, which helps the smartphone last over the course of an entire day. During my roughly two weeks with the 5X I didn't need to plug it in for a top up while at work or in the evening at home, instead opting to only charge the smartphone overnight. It seems that even with heavy use, the Nexus 5X's improved 2,700 mAh battery, an increase of 400mAh over the Nexus 5's 2,300mAh cell, is a significant improvement.
Then there's the Nexus Imprint fingerprint scanner, a feature also included in the more expensive and higher-end Nexus 6P. While I initially thought the 5X's fingerprint scanner was silly and wouldn't work as well given its placement on the back of the smartphone, I quickly realized I was wrong.
Because the Nexus Imprint is located on the Nexus 5X's back, if the smartphone is placed in a pocket face down and pulled out with a single finger on its backside (that has also been setup with Nexus Imprint), access to the 5X is almost instant.
The ability to add a number of fingerprints means the same finger does not need to be used each time you want to access the phone. The setup process for Nexus Imprint is also quick and simple.
Vastly improved camera performance that still lags behind the competition
One of the most significant updates to the 5X is its new, 12 megapixels back camera. This is the same camera featured in the Nexus 6P and is the best ever to be featured in a Nexus device. The 5X's front camera also performs admirably under various lighting conditions, although it only measures in at 5 megapixels. In comparison, it's larger brother, the Nexus 6P, features an 8 megapixel front-facing selfie sensor.
The 5X snaps superb photographs in natural light, similar to the Nexus 5, but is a monumental improvement over its predecessor when it comes to low-light photos, especially those shot indoors. However, it's important to note that while the Nexus 5X's photography capabilities come dangerously close to matching Apple's current mobile phone camera supremacy, the iPhone 6s' 12 megapixel camera still performs better in low-light, especially when it comes to colour saturation and detail.
When comparing low-light images shot with the iPhone 6s and Nexus 5X side by side, more noise is found in the Nexus 5X's image, and slightly less detail. However, unless you're closely analyzing the two, you won't notice a difference. With that said though, in my testing, the 5X's camera features better white balance.
The addition of a high dynamic range (HDR+) mode in the 5X is also welcome when used under specific circumstances, helping to ensure photos have improved contrast without washing out areas of high exposure. However, I found I rarely used the feature since it extends the shutter time, often causing subjects to blur.
Nexus 4 and Nexus 5's camera was so bad that I often didn't bother taking pictures while using both smartphones as my daily device over the last few years, but the same definitely cannot be said about the Nexus 5X's photography capabilities. Regardless of what lighting conditions images are taken under, most people are going to be more than satisfied with the pictures the 5X captures.
One important issue worth noting is how slowly the Nexus 5X's camera app loads. I also encountered the occasional frustrating crash, especially when attempting to snap a photo quickly. The 5X also lacks the intelligent burst mode present in the 6P.
Start a campfire – welcome to Marshmallow
Despite the hype surrounding Android 6.0 Marshmallow's release, beyond a cleaner, brighter user interface, I've noticed few changes to Google's new mobile operating system.
Standout additions include a new Marshmallow feature called Doze, which works well for saving battery life, especially when you know you won't be using your Nexus 5X for a number of hours. Doze puts the smartphone in a battery saving sleep state when it remains stationary for an extended period of time, and is perfect for saving battery life when the 5X is not in use.
Then there's Google Now on Tap. While I didn't find Marshmallow's other new feature particularly useful, Now on Tap's contextual search options are efficient and responsive, allowing users to search for information related to content displayed on the Nexus 5X's screen, whether it's an app or web page.
For example, if you're looking at an email about a movie you're planning to go see with a group of friends, simply hold down the 5X's home button and a detailed card about the theatre's location, as well as the movie in question, will appear.
So while these particular Android Marshmallow enhancements might not personally appeal to me, they'll certainly appeal to a number of people.
The Nexus 5X is an affordable, stock Android experience
At $499 for the 16GB version of the Nexus 5X and $559 for the smartphone's 32GB iteration, Google's latest Nexus device is still on the pricey side. But in an industry where dropping $500 for a mid-range device has become the norm, Google's latest device is ahead of the competition, even when compared to the superb Moto X Play in terms of build quality, justifying the Nexus 5's price tag.
Furthermore, the fact that the entry level 32GB Nexus 6P is priced at $699 makes the 5X significantly more appealing for price conscious individuals seeking a stock Android experience.
The 5X's upgraded camera, improved build quality and impressive looking screen combine to create a smartphone package worth buying.
The smartphone comes in three different colours: blue, black and white.
Pros
Price tag is appropriate
Features excellent build quality
Provides the best stock Android experience available (other than the Nexus 6P)
Will receive all Android OS updates first
Camera is great and a huge improvement over the Nexus 5
Excellent battery life
Cons
Photos: Most binge-worthy TV shows 'Homeland' – Showtime's espionage thriller "Homeland" thrives on twists and turns -- some of which threaten the fate of the world -- with a splash of romantic tension and family drama thrown into the mix. If you love high stakes or secretly wish you were a government spy, this is your show. Hide Caption 1 of 34
Photos: Most binge-worthy TV shows With six seasons, "Downton Abbey" gave us drama and a big dose of history as the action began the day after the sinking of the Titanic in 1912 and wrapped up in 1926. The PBS series about the British aristocracy and their servants ended its run in 2015. Hide Caption 2 of 34
Photos: Most binge-worthy TV shows 'Game of Thrones' – With dozens episodes so far, including some that ran more than an hour, we can't imagine watching the first five seasons of "Game of Thrones" in one sitting. But one Redditor claimed to have watched three seasons in two and a half days, so anything's possible. Hide Caption 3 of 34
Photos: Most binge-worthy TV shows Issa Rae stars on HBO's 'Insecure.' Hide Caption 4 of 34
Photos: Most binge-worthy TV shows Wagner Moura as Pablo Escobar in the Netflix series "Narcos" Hide Caption 5 of 34
Photos: Most binge-worthy TV shows Julia Louis-Dreyfus stars in HBO's "Veep" Hide Caption 6 of 34
Photos: Most binge-worthy TV shows 'American Horror Story' – Each season of "American Horror Story" has a different storyline, so binging this show is a bit like choosing your own adventure (or nightmare). Here are some more suggestions for binge-worthy shows and series. Hide Caption 7 of 34
Photos: Most binge-worthy TV shows 'Mr. Robot' – Christian Slater, left, plays the titular character on "Mr. Robot," the anarchist leader of a hacker collective that includes Rami Malek. The pilot premiered online and via streaming services in May and was renewed for a second season before its USA network premiere in June. Malek's main character has drawn praise for his portrayal of a security engineer and vigilante hacker who struggles with social anxiety disorder and clinical depression. Often, plot lines dealing with national security and privacy ring true to life. Hide Caption 8 of 34
Photos: Most binge-worthy TV shows 'Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt' – Viewers either love or hate Tina Fey's Netflix passion project, "Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt," starring Ellie Kemper. Fans gobbled up the campy comedy when it launched, with many making it through the first 13 episodes in one sitting. Hide Caption 9 of 34
Photos: Most binge-worthy TV shows 'The X-Files' – With a reboot on the way there's no better time to binge-watch "The X-Files," which originally aired on Fox for nine seasons from 1993 to 2002. Hide Caption 10 of 34
Photos: Most binge-worthy TV shows 'Silicon Valley' – With only two seasons and 18 episodes to its name, "Silicon Valley" was a highly rated choice for binge-watching. Each episode is packed with raunchy jokes and cringe-inducing nerdiness to make viewing a breeze. Hide Caption 11 of 34
Photos: Most binge-worthy TV shows 'Twin Peaks' – With a reboot of David Lynch's cult series "Twin Peaks" planned for 2017, there's no better time to catch up on the backstory of who killed Laura Palmer (played by Cheryl Lee). Hide Caption 12 of 34
Photos: Most binge-worthy TV shows 'Master of None' – Hit comedy "Master of None" made its debut on Netflix in November. Comedian Aziz Ansari plays a 30-something struggling to make sense of life in New York City in a way that anyone who's even been a 30-something will relate to. Hide Caption 13 of 34
Photos: Most binge-worthy TV shows 'Jessica Jones' – Krysten Ritter is winning over fans and critics in " Jessica Jones ," the story of a semiretired superhero turned private eye based on Marvel Comics' "Alias." It's the latest comic book adaptation for adults about an ongoing mystery in Jones' life that's hard to interrupt once you load the series on Netflix. Hide Caption 14 of 34
Photos: Most binge-worthy TV shows 'Bloodline' – The premise of "Bloodline" could appeal to anyone who's ever had family tension. But a taste for the macabre is required to sit through the first season of this Netflix drama, which stars Kyle Chandler ("Friday Night Lights"). The second season is expected in 2016. Hide Caption 15 of 34
Photos: Most binge-worthy TV shows 'The Honourable Woman' – "The Honourable Woman" is an unfolding mystery, holding back just enough in each episode to keep the intentions of powerful businesswoman Nessa Stein hidden until the very end. This eight-episode political thriller, which won Maggie Gyllenhaal a Golden Globe for best actress, won't have a second season, so it's perfect for a quick, one-day binge. Hide Caption 16 of 34
Photos: Most binge-worthy TV shows 'The Americans' – With the fourth season of "The Americans" starting in March 2016, there's no better time to catch up on this Cold War thriller. Keri Russell and Matthew Rhys star as two Soviet KGB officers posing as an American couple in the suburbs of Washington. From there, it's one plot twist after another to see how things will end for them. Hide Caption 17 of 34
Photos: Most binge-worthy TV shows 'Peep Show' – With only six episodes to a season, British sitcom " Peep Show " was a popular choice among Redditors for being "easy to knock out a few in the afternoon," and hilarious to boot. Anyone new to the mundane world of South London roommates Mark Corrigan (David Mitchell) and Jeremy "Jez" Usborne (Robert Webb) will have plenty of hours of inner monologues and point-of-view shots to wade through. The show debuted in 2003 and is now in its ninth season. Hide Caption 18 of 34
Photos: Most binge-worthy TV shows 'Band of Brothers' – For some American history buffs, the World War II series "Band of Brothers" is worthy of an annual viewing, even if it takes 11 hours. The 10-part miniseries based on the World War II journey of the U.S. Army 101st Airborne's Easy Company features an ensemble cast of stars before they became famous -- Michael Fassbender, Ron Livingston, Marc Warren, Simon Pegg, Damian Lewis, James McAvoy and Tom Hardy, to name a few. Hide Caption 19 of 34
Photos: Most binge-worthy TV shows 'Dead Like Me' – "Dead Like Me" earned points for being "funny as s---t" thanks to a cast that included Mandy Patinkin, Jasmine Guy and Ellen Muth playing grim reapers who walk among us. "They knew when to cut and run before it got stupid," one Redditor said. Binge-watchers can draw their own conclusions over whether "Dead Like Me" -- which was created by Bryan Fuller ("Hannibal," "Wonderfalls") -- was canceled prematurely after two seasons while breezing through its 29 episodes. Hide Caption 20 of 34
Photos: Most binge-worthy TV shows 'House of Cards' – Political thriller "House of Cards" may be binge-worthy by design as a Netflix original series that comes out one season at a time. But some recommend only watching a few episodes in each sitting to better savor the saga of Frank and Claire Underwood's conniving ways. The series stars Kevin Spacey and Robin Wright. Hide Caption 21 of 34
Photos: Most binge-worthy TV shows 'Battlestar Galactica' – Ron Moore's Peabody Award winning-remake of the 1970s sci-fi classic "Battlestar Galactica" aired for four seasons, ending its run in 2009. Darker and more somber than the original, the series perfectly reflected the fears and anxieties of our post-9/11 lives (and the end of its second season featured one of the best cliffhangers in TV history ). Be warned, it's easy to "over" binge-watch this show. Just ask the folks from "Portlandia." Hide Caption 22 of 34
Photos: Most binge-worthy TV shows 'True Detective' – If the intriguing plot isn't enough to keep you hooked from one episode to the next of HBO's "True Detective," what about Matthew McConaughey's performance? His transformation from clean-cut to grizzled alone makes the first season a prime candidate for binge-watching -- though fans weren't as thrilled with season 2 Hide Caption 23 of 34
Photos: Most binge-worthy TV shows 'Firefly' – "Watching the first episode of 'Firefly' and deciding to binge-watch the rest is like getting into a relationship with someone you know will die in 24 hours." That pretty much sums up how fans felt after FOX pulled the plug on the Joss Whedon cult hit in 2003. It also makes "Firefly" short and captivating enough to watch in a day. Hide Caption 24 of 34
Photos: Most binge-worthy TV shows 'Arrested Development' – "Arrested Development" lends itself to multiple binges for all the inside jokes that are easily missed on the first, second or third viewings. "That and the foreshadowing," said one Redditor. "Lots of foreshadowing." Read this thread for a refresher on some of the dysfunctional Bluth family's more memorable moments. Hide Caption 25 of 34
Photos: Most binge-worthy TV shows 'Breaking Bad' – With so many plot twists and the ongoing character development, AMC's "Breaking Bad" was a popular choice for binge-watching from beginning to end. Season 2 posed a problem for some, but "if you can get over that season 2 hump, you'll probably enjoy it a lot," one Redditor said Hide Caption 26 of 34
Photos: Most binge-worthy TV shows 'Dexter' – The saga of "Dexter," America's favorite forensic expert/serial killer, went on for 96 episodes over eight seasons, so it's probably not possible to binge-watch from start to finish in one sitting. But one Redditor claimed to watch four seasons in about a week, so there's a starting point. Hide Caption 27 of 34
Photos: Most binge-worthy TV shows 'Deadwood' – Even with what many consider to be an unsatisfactory ending, Redditors agreed that HBO's "Deadwood" is a prime candidate for binging thanks to its sharp writing and memorable characters. "It's a slow burn of a show, but once you are hooked ... you ARE IN FOR LIFE. Or 3 seasons," one Redditor said Hide Caption 28 of 34
Photos: Most binge-worthy TV shows 'Freaks and Geeks' – "So easy to binge watch because it's so short," as one Redditor said, and, "like 'Firefly,' you'll feel heartache when it's over." Judd Apatow's short-lived "Freaks and Geeks" captured the awkwardness of high school in one short season from 1999 to 2000. It also shows stars Seth Rogan, James Franco and Jason Segel getting their start in front of the camera. Hide Caption 29 of 34
Photos: Most binge-worthy TV shows 'The West Wing' – Political drama "The West Wing" ran seven seasons from 1999 to 2006, drawing critical and popular acclaim. Though some debate the quality of the show after creator Aaron Sorkin's departure after season 4, the characters and dialogue kept audiences hooked, making it a strong candidate for reruns and binge-watching. Hide Caption 30 of 34
Photos: Most binge-worthy TV shows 'Orphan Black' – "Orphan Black" fans have eagerly tuned in each week to see the talented Tatiana Maslany act opposite herself as clones, sometimes assuming up to five roles in the same episode. Cliffhanger endings in each episode make binge-watching all the more satisfying, especially while fans await season 4. Hide Caption 31 of 34
Photos: Most binge-worthy TV shows 'Better off Ted' – Another from the "short but great" files, "Better Off Ted" only lasted for two seasons and 26 episodes on ABC. "The marketing made it seem really awful and stereotypical. I avoided it like the plague until it came up on Netflix. Now I wish I had helped its ratings more on network TV," one Redditor said . The show concerns a single father who works for a ruthless corporation, Veridian Dynamics (motto: "Money before people"), and was created by Victor Fresco ("Andy Richter Controls the Universe"). Hide Caption 32 of 34
Photos: Most binge-worthy TV shows 'Stargate: SG-1' – One of the most popular choices among Redditors, "Stargate: SG-1" picks up where the 1994 feature film "Stargate" left off as a secret military team (SG-1) sets out to explore new worlds. The popular sci-fi show hooked viewers for 10 seasons from 1997 to 2007 through memorable characters, scenes and quotable dialogue, creating a passionate fan base that seems eager to return to the show multiple times. "When I first binged the series, multiple times I noticed that it was 5AM. So many 'just one more episode,' " one Redditor said Hide Caption 33 of 34
A grizzly bear cub searches for fallen fruit beneath an apple tree a few miles from the north entrance to Yellowstone National Park in Gardiner in September 2013. Members of the Montana Fish and Wildlife Commission will discuss a hunting season in Montana for grizzlies at meetings Wednesday and Thursday. (Photo: AP Photo, Casper Star-Tribune, Alan Rogers)
A Wednesday work session of the Fish and Wildlife Commission at Montana WILD in Helena will be audio streamed live due to interest in the topics on the agenda, mostly in a plan to hunt grizzly bears.
Interest in grizzly bear hunting regulations proposed for the Yellowstone National Park area prompted the decision to provide the audio and video stream, said Greg Lemon, a spokesman for Montana Fish, Wildlife and Parks.
“Given the interest, the director thought it would be a good to audio stream it,” Lemon said of Director Jeff Hagener.
The meeting will be audio streamed live on the FWP website.
A live video feed of the meeting also will be shown at FWP regional offices, with the exception of the Region 7 office in Miles City where only audio will be available.
Grizzlies are a threatened species, but the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service is proposing to remove protections for the roughly 700 Yellowstone ecosystem bears and turn management over to Montana, Wyoming and Idaho.
As part of the delisting process, the Fish and Wildlife Service is requiring the states to outline future grizzly bear hunting seasons.
Delisting has yet to be proposed for the 960 grizzlies in the Northern Continental Divide Ecosystem in northwestern and northcentral Montana, and the state's hunting plans are for only Yellowstone-area bears.
Montana's hunting plan for Yellowstone-area bears calls for dividing land in Montana outside of the park into seven grizzly bear management units with each unit having its own harvest quota. In order to protect females with young, no harvest of any bear that is with another bear or bears would be allowed. Hunting will not be allowed inside the national park.
Proposed season dates are March 15 to April 20 and Nov. 10 to Dec. 15.
A quota of licenses that would be distributed by drawing.
The commission will not make any decisions at the work session and no public participation or comment will be taken.
The work session starts at noon and goes until 5 p.m.
The regular May Fish and Wildlife Commission meeting begins at 8 a.m. Thursday.
At that meeting, commissioners will decide whether to release the state's Yellowstone-area hunting proposal for public comment. A final decision on the hunting plan would be made in July after consideration of the public comment, Lemon said.
Also on agendas of both meetings are a Beaverhead River water quality investigation, catch and release outreach and archery technology.
At Thursday's regular meeting, commissioners also are expected to act on a tri-state memorandum of agreement with Idaho and Wyoming for grizzly bear management, 2016 wolf season quotas, transplanting sharp-tailed grouse from east of the Continental Divide to west of the Divide and purchasing inholdings in the Sun River, Blackleaf and Beartooth wildlife management areas.
Follow Karl Puckett on Twitter @GFTrib_KPuckett.
For more information
For the full agenda and background on the scheduled topics for the Fish and Wildlife Commission work session Wednesday and its regular meeting Thursday, go to the FWP website at http://fwp.mt.gov/; under “Quick Links” click “Commission.” Montana WILD is located at 2668 Broadwater Ave. in Helena, next to Spring Meadow Lake State Park off Highway 12 West. For the link to the audio streaming of the meetings go to http://fwp.mt.gov/ and look under “What's trending.” Live streaming of the meetings will be shown at regional FWP offices including Region 4 at 4600 Giant Springs Road, Great Falls.
Read or Share this story: http://gftrib.com/278T7iq
Everyone envisions that virtual reality will be about isolating yourself from the real world, but that's not exactly what Sony has in mind
Two years after the successful Kickstarter fund that projected Oculus Rift into the mass consciousness and launched the new era of consumer virtual reality, there are still a lot of questions to answer.
What will VR apps actually look like? How will they work? Will they resemble the games we play on current consoles, or will they work more like virtual tourist attractions, giving us access to extraordinary environments and just letting us explore them?
It's a problem that every developer in the field is still grappling with. At the recent South West VR conference in Bristol, the main talking points were how to coax consumers into virtual experiences without scaring or alienating them – or making them feel sick. A whole new methodology is required.
It's definitely something Sony Computer Entertainment's London studio is thinking about. Originally founded in 2002 as a merger of other UK PlayStation development houses, the team has, from the beginning, concentrated on experimental projects, initially under the guidance of R&D head Dr Richard Marks, an Avionics major at MIT, with a PhD in aquatic robotics. In the late-90s he had envisioned using a cheap web camera as a PlayStation peripheral to produce mixed-media entertainment concepts. In 2003, the London studio produced EyeToy: Play, a selection of augmented reality mini-games that used the PlayStation 2 EyeToy camera and motion detection technology.
An EyeToy demo, shown at the E3 games event in 2002, which shows how the camera merged computer graphics and video Photograph: public domain
From here on, the studio specialised in exploring new interface technologies, creating karaoke sim SingStar and, later, the PS3 augmented reality project WonderBook. It's now one of the key internal teams working on demos and concepts for Sony's forthcoming virtual reality headset, Project Morpheus. Like Oculus Rift, the device, which connects to a PlayStation 4 consoles and fits comfortably on the user's head, filling their visual field with a 5.7-inch OLED screen, promises to bring a new era of immersive VR games and applications.
“There's a whole bunch of things we needed to solve for augmented reality that you also need to solve for VR, so as a studio, the leap wasn't so great,” explains Sony London head Dave Ranyard. “Within Sony, work on the headset had been going on for a while and we all just started collecting around it. We'd finished a big project – the Book of Potions – and we enjoyed that, we wanted to be involved in this technology. Everyone talks about the design challenges of VR, but this stuff is bread and butter to us: we like to get technology while there are still wires hanging out of it. Early on, Morpheus was literally a cycling helmet with a PlayStation Move controller taped on the top. That's exciting to us!”
So Sony London started working on some demos, exploring different elements of the VR experience. At last year's E3 event in Los Angeles, the studio showed The Deep, in which the player is plunged into the ocean in a shark cage just as a great white swims by, and Street Luge, a simple racing sim where the user is hurtling down a narrow road on a luge, avoiding oncoming traffic.
Both of these have been iterated to fine tune the experience. Originally, players would crash when they hit a car in Street Luge – exactly how impact would be handled in a traditionally screened game, but Ranyard says that was too jarring and disorientating in a VR experience. He equates this with the one-to-one nature of the VR experience: you feel like you're “there” on the street, so getting hit by a car is traumatic; it's not like viewing a car crashing on a screen, which provides a window that separates you from the experience. Now, when contact is made with a vehicle in Street Luge, it simply slows the player down.
But to Ranyard, however, the biggest challenge for Sony is to make virtual reality a social experience – not just in terms of connected virtual worlds, but in terms of engaging other people in the same room as the Morpheus user. As Google found with its Glass AR prototype, people are quick to mock the users of AR and VR technology, and partially this is about exclusion – they don't feel part of what that person is experiencing. That sort of social alienation needs to be defeated if these headsets are to become mass consumer items.
“There's this kind of sci-fi view of VR being about isolation, but we want to turn that on its head,” says Ranyard. “We've made a lot of local multiplayer games – SingStar, EyeToy, etc – and we're actively using some of the things we've learned from them.”
One method is simply to share what the Morpheus user is seeing. Ranyard claims that, while Morpheus was in the early stages of development, his studio petitioned for a feature that would show on the TV whatever the Morpheus player can see, so that everyone in the room can participate, if only as cheerleaders.
But there are also plans for more inclusive experiences, including asymmetrical multiplayer games, involving one player on the Morpheus and another interacting via a DualShock controller and the TV screen, or a companion app on smartphone/tablet. “For example, we have a version of The Deep where someone has a radar view on their screen and they can speak to the diver,” says Ranyard. “We did another prototype where we put [SCE president] Shuhei Yoshida in a haunted house and you could control the scares on a tablet. We're even looking at turn-based experiences. We just want to get other people involved, even if you only have one headset.”
Sony isn't alone in envisioning asymmetrical multiplayer experiences, of course. Game jams have become hotbeds of VR exploration and creativity, and we've seen lots of interesting ideas around the concepts of co-operation and instruction. Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes, for example, puts an Oculus Rift wearer in a virtual room with a complicated time bomb and other participants get a printed manual which explains a variety of puzzles that the device may feature. Also interesting is the installation game Taphobos, a sort of buried alive simulator, where the Oculus wearer gets inside an actual coffin and must look around its virtual onscreen representation for clues, which will allow a companion working on a PC to locate where their friend is buried.
Many consumers will recoil from these concepts, but Ranyard thinks it's all about slowly introducing the possibilities. So far, the prototype process has been geared toward establishing basic building blocks of VR experiences – The Deep was about fear, Street Luge was about adrenaline. Apparently, the studio is now working on demos around character interaction. Get the foundations right, and VR developers will begin to understand what people can and can't take.
Although, he says, history shows us that there will be a long period of adjustment. “When we started with virtual reality I was keen to see what we could learn from the development of cinema. I found out that it took 10 years to go from silent movies to talkies – they had to re-fit every cinema across the US, so for a decade films were being made for both. That's interesting to me.
“There's been a resistance to VR from some people who were doing well from the status quo. I have come across dismissive reactions from quite senior people in the games industry. I did a Die talk this year where I quoted the 30s moviemaker Conrad Veidt who said: “In the middle of my third Hollywood picture The Magician, the earthquake hit Hollywood. Not the real earthquake. Just the talkies.”
Ranyard says he's not sure whether virtual reality will be a replacement technology, like, say, colour to black and white, or a companion technology, like television became to radio. But Sony is not alone in preparing for the future. Alongside Oculus Rift there's also the Valve-backed HTC Vive, which has excellent technology and, unlike its rivals, a 2015 launch date. With Microsoft and Google also looking into a range of VR and AR technologies, the fates are aligning behind the tech.
“I often think about the technological icon of the age,” says Ranyard. “In the 80s it was the Walkman, in the 2010s it's the smartphone. When I'm retiring these handsets will look so old; there will be some other way of dealing with apps. Maybe that will be VR.
“I've seen everyone from high-ranking industry executives to non-gamers playing with the Morpheus headset, and one thing I've learned is that, if there's a visual icon for our coming age, it could well be someone wearing a VR headset, reacting to something the rest of us can't see.”
In a part of the world that is experiencing the most dramatic increase in temperature and climate change, two very similar species of animals are responding very differently. New research published suggests that how these species have adapted to co-exist with one another might be to blame.
Chinstrap penguins whose namesake describes the black stripe under their chins are decreasing in number while Gentoo penguins, recognizable by their bright orange beaks, are increasing at summer breeding colonies in the Antarctic Peninsula. This research sheds light on the different strategies these two similar species have carved out over time to reduce competition for food, and the ramifications these different strategies are having now during a time of rapid environmental change.
"Our data shows Gentoo penguins have a more diverse and flexible diet than Chinstrap penguins, which forage farther offshore and preferentially feed on Antarctic krill during the breeding season," said LSU Department of Oceanography and Coastal Sciences Assistant Professor Michael Polito, who is the lead author on a paper published in Marine Ecology Progress Series.
The potential for these two penguins to compete for food is highest when they are found breeding near each other on land and the need to feed their chicks daily restricts the distance they can search the ocean to find food. However, the key differences in what they eat and where they look for food likely evolved over time to reduce competition and to help Gentoo and Chinstrap penguins co-exist.
Climate change alters food sources
The Antarctic Peninsula has warmed dramatically over the past 50 years. The annual air temperature has increased by about 5 degrees Fahrenheit, or 2.8 degrees Celsius, which makes the Antarctic Peninsula the fastest warming region in the Southern Hemisphere, according to the British Antarctic Survey.
"For a region that for most of the year hovers around the point of freezing, a few degrees plus or minus is the difference between freezing and melting, particularly of sea ice," Polito said.
Penguins' main prey, Antarctic krill, which are shrimp-like crustaceans, rely on sea ice. Young krill in particular use sea ice for protection from predators, and they feed on algae that grow beneath the sea ice. As temperatures warm, there is less sea ice and therefore fewer krill for penguins to eat.
While in the past, over evolutionary time scales, Chinstrap penguins' strategy of foraging for large, predictable patches of krill offshore made sense. But now as krill have declined, this specialist strategy may not be best suited for today's conditions. In contrast, Gentoo penguins seem to be better adapted to deal with a changing environment. In addition to their dietary flexibility, they are also more flexible in when and where they breed. They also likely ease the transition of their chicks into adulthood by feeding them for a longer period of time.
"These may be the reasons why Gentoo penguins in the Antarctic Peninsula are benefiting from changes in climate and their populations are increasing, but Chinstrap penguins are decreasing," Polito said.
Multiple methods confirm differences in diets
Polito and his colleagues applied three methods of data analysis to substantiate how these two similar penguin species' behaviors differ. Over five years at a long-term field camp that is part of the U.S. Antarctic Marine Living Resources program run by NOAA National Marine Fisheries Service, researchers examined the stomach contents of breeding adult penguins. This data provided a snapshot of what an individual penguin was feeding its chick that day. In addition, by identifying the ear bones of fishes, or otoliths, consumed by penguins, they were able to determine if penguins were feeding on nearshore or offshore fish. Lastly, the researchers collected breast feathers from fully grown chicks and analyzed them using a technique called stable isotope analysis, which allows them to identify how much krill versus fish an individual chick was fed by its parents. This step further corroborated the stomach content and fish otolith analyses.
"Any one of those three methods, such as looking at stomach contents, identifying otoliths or using stable isotopes, will give you some information. But using all three combined gives you a much clearer picture of what's going on," Polito said.
Next steps
While this research studied the two penguin species during the breeding season when the potential for competition for food is highest, Polito and his colleagues are pursuing research outside the breeding season to see if the same patterns exist. LSU graduate student Rachael Herman is furthering this research by investigating whether Gentoo penguins all eat a wide range of prey or if each individual specializes in something slightly different. This will help to determine if all Gentoo penguins are benefiting equally from climate change, or if only a subset of individuals is pre-adapted to deal with today's rapidly changing environment.
Supreme Court Upholds HUGE Punitive Damages Against Tobacco Company!
If you're a company that makes its living by killing people, you suppressed your own research that proves your product is addictive, while deliberately making it even more addictive, and were so sick and sinister as to target your ads at kids, so you could get them hooked before they were mature enough to make sensible decisions about their lives- well, you may have a problem. Finally.
According to the Associated Press:
The Supreme Court today threw out a cigarette maker's appeal of a $79.5 million award to a Portland smoker's widow, ending a 10-year legal fight to keep her from collecting. In a one-sentence order, the court left in place a ruling by the Oregon Supreme Court in favor of Mayola Williams of Northeast Portland. The state court has repeatedly upheld a verdict against Altria Group Inc.'s Philip Morris USA in a fraud trial in 1999. The judgment has grown to more than $155 million with interest, and Williams stands to collect between $60 million and $65 million, before taxes and payments to her lawyers, said Robert Peck, her Washington-based lawyer.
The official actual damages were only $80,000, so these huge punitive damages are the real key- particularly from a Court that is generally antipathetic to large amounts of punitive damages.
The plaintiff's attorney, Robert Peck, makes it clear:
Peck said the court has signaled a willingness to allow large awards in certain circumstances. "I think we can take from this long tale that if the behavior is sufficiently reprehensible, then larger awards are merited," Peck said.
Reprehensible. In the article's description of the appeals process, we find this:
Next, the Oregon Supreme Court upheld the punitive damages, citing "extraordinarily reprehensible" conduct by Philip Morris officials.
Extraordinarily reprehensible. Sounds good to me. And let more lawsuits follow! No mercy for mass murderers!
Microsoft is buying LinkedIn, the company announced Monday morning.
Microsoft will acquire the social network, best known for connecting professionals through jobs and resumes, for $196 per share. The all-cash deal is worth $26.2 billion.
Jeff Weiner will remain CEO of LinkedIn, according to a press release, and fully supports the transaction with co-founder and controlling shareholder Reid Hoffman. The transaction is expected to close by the end of the year, though it's still subject to approval by shareholders and regulators.
LinkedIn, based in Mountain View, California, has more than 430 million members, according to the Associated Press.
"The LinkedIn team has grown a fantastic business centered on connecting the world's professionals," Micosoft CEO Satya Nadella said in a statement. "Together we can accelerate the growth of LinkedIn, as well as Microsoft Office 365 and Dynamics as we seek to empower every person and organization on the planet."
CNBC reports shares of LinkedIn jumped 48 percent in pre-market trading Monday, while shares of Microsoft opened down 5 percent.
The Department of Education has announced details of 11 large-scale construction projects that are to be built at Institutes of Technology using Public Private Partnerships in coming years.
The state will pay €200m towards the buildings, which will be operated and maintained by private developers for 25 years after their construction.
The Department anticipates that the projects will enable the Institutes of Technology to accommodate an additional 8,000 students.
Eleven Institutes of Technology from Letterkenny to Waterford and Cork will benefit from this Public Private Partnership initiative, getting a building each.
In a statement, Minister of State for Higher Education Mary Mitchell O'Connor said the ITs had been disproportionately affected by the fall-off in capital investment over the past decade.
Minister for Education Richard Bruton said the announcement marked a turning point for state investment in the sector. Most of the new buildings will be geared towards science and technology.
The 11 projects will be procured by the National Development Finance Agency but it will be some time before they get underway. Tenders are expected to issue towards the end of next year.
The Department hopes the first buildings will be ready for use in 2021.
The Department of Education said all proposals will be the subject of ongoing technical appraisal and economic analysis to ensure value for money. It said this process will inform the final scale and scope of each project.
Athlone, Tralee, and Galway Mayo Institutes of Technology will all get new STEM buildings under the plan.
IT Carlow will get a science building, while Waterford IT will get a new engineering, computing and general teaching building.
An applied science and information technology building will be built at Limerick IT.
A library, information technology, and teaching building will be constructed at Letterkenny IT.
IADT in Dublin will see a new Digital Media centre built.
A learning resource centre will be constucted at CIT in Cork, phase two of a teaching block at IT Blanchardstown, and a second phase of campus development will take place at IT Tallaght.
The Department of Education said the projects were selected following a detailed assessment, which took account of projected enrolments, the capacity to deliver on skills requirements, and the potential each project had to contribute to regional development.
Liberal Actor: White Males in Military ‘Are the Bad Guys, Not Muslim Community” (VIDEO)
Far left actor Mandy Patinkin told MSNBC that white men in military “are the bad guys” and “not the Muslim government.”
Patinkin also said Muslims are a community who have made contributions to the world of a monumental nature.
Huh?
Of course, liberal Chuck Todd agreed with him.
NewsBusters reported:
Appearing as a guest on Friday's MTP Daily on MSNBC, liberal actor Mandy Patinkin of Showtime's Homeland series bizarrely seemed to suggest that “white men” in both the government and the military are “the bad guys” in their dealings with Muslims. We have tried to be part of the cure, not part of the problem. A different story line where we're helping these people and a story line that shows in this case, in this year, in this season and — that maybe it's the — and it is white men in the government and the military establishment that are the bad guys, not the Muslim community.
What an idiot.
Katie is one of my favorite clients. She's perky. She loves animals and children. She speaks her mind. She's so easy to love that shortly after she scheduled her first appointment, a friend of hers called and asked she could cover the cost for Kate in advance as a surprise. She comes to me fairly regularly lately to have me crown her lovely noggin with henna. Katie is fighting cancer and likes to have a new “tattoo” when she goes for treatment, and I get to help!
Kate doesn't go in for traditional henna styles so much. I did one design for her with some flowers and paisleys, but most often she has challenging and unusual requests for me like Tinkerbell. Shortly before her most recent appointment she left me a message explaining what she'd like me to do for her this time. She wants Mean Jean, of the Fort Wayne Derby Girls with a big boxing glove shattering the word “cancer.” How brilliant is that!? My daughter skates with the Jr. derby team, the Fort Wayne Derby Brats, and so we spend time with FWDG skaters, as her coaches, at bouts, fund raising, and so on.
As it turns out, Kate had participated in Bust A Move, a fun charity event. Derby skaters have a plaster cast made of their bust, and a local artist gives it her own unique touch. The casts are auctioned to support Cancer Services. Turns out, through that event, Kate knows “Kona Krusher,” Skater for the Fort Wayne Derby Girls and Coach to my daughter and the Fort Wayne Derby Brats. What a small world!
So this is what we ended up with. I can't wait to see what Kate throws at me next!
When Colorado lawmakers rejected a bill to help fund the Colorado Family Planning Initiative in April, they halted the most successful teen pregnancy prevention program in the nation. The CFPI will run out of funding June 30 and local health clinics, including the Pueblo City-County Health Department, are scrambling to find a way to keep the program going.
Colorado saw a 39 percent drop in its rate for teen mothers ages 15 to 19 from 2007 to 2012, making it the most dramatic decrease in the nation, according to an August 2014 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention report. The teen abortion rate during the time period dropped by 35 percent.
The CFPI, which provides the state with funding for long-acting reversible contraception products, has been largely responsible for the dramatic decrease since its creation in 2009.
The overall decrease in teen pregnancy for the United States during the same time period was 29 percent.
“Through the Colorado Family Planning Initiative, we were able to purchase those products and then give them to our clients for free, so we were able to increase our access to care and decrease their barriers, which is huge when it comes to decreasing pregnancy rates,” said Stacy Herrera, clinic program manager at the Pueblo City-County Health Department.
Now that the funding has been slashed from the state budget, the department will have to rely on its existing stock of products either until they run out or find a new source of funding.
“We're not going to have access to purchase those products because they are super expensive. Each product is about $1,000 apiece,” Herrera said.
Six years ago the initiative was introduced after the Susan Thompson Buffett Foundation, an organization headed by Warren Buffett, provided the state of Colorado with a $23 million private grant. At the time, the donation was anonymous.
“Youth born to teen moms are highly likely to become teen mothers themselves. We've seen the cyclical action in Pueblo several times.” – Stacy Herrera, Pueblo City-County Health Department
The recently rejected bill would have provided the initiative with $5 million worth of public funds. Supporters of the funding said it was a good investment. For every dollar invested into the program it saved Colorado $5.85 in Medicaid dollars.
“It was a proven program in Pueblo County,” said Rep. Daneya Esgar, D-Pueblo. “We fought very hard and it was hard to watch it fall to partisan politics.”
The funding died in a senate committee on a 3-2 party line vote.
Sen. Larry Crowder, R-Alamosa, told the Denver Post he didn't support funding the program because the Affordable Care Act should cover the contraceptives.
“I do believe we have to safeguard the taxpayer's purse on this,” he told the Post.
Ironically, the day before the vote the state received an award for the program from the National Family Planning and Reproductive Health Association for being among the best public health access programs in the country.
Since the initiative began, around 30,000 intrauterine devices have been provided to Colorado women.
A highly controversial form of birth control, IUDs work by releasing hormones to prevent sperm from fertilizing an egg. They can last from three to 12 years and are more effective than traditional forms of birth control largely because once inserted, women don't have to think about the device again until they want to replace or remove it.
Opponents argue that this form of contraception is abortion. In the rare event that sperm still fertilizes an egg, IUDs prevent it from implanting on the uterine wall.
But regardless of the debate behind them, IUDs and other forms of long-acting reversible contraception products, like the Nexplanon hormonal implant, have been instrumental in reducing the teen pregnancy rate in Colorado.
Teen pregnancy and Pueblo
For years, Pueblo has had one of the highest teen pregnancy rates in Colorado. Herrera accounts for the county's high rate through a combination of cultural messages and a lack of proper sexual health education among Pueblo teens.
“Youth born to teen moms are highly likely to become teen mothers themselves. We've seen the cyclical action in Pueblo several times,” Herrera said.
Occasionally, Herrera sees grandparents in their 30s, the result of a cycle in which the children of teenage parents also get pregnant in their teens.
“Sometimes some of the parents, not real often but I've heard it, will say, ‘I want to be a grandma.' They're 32 and 35 and they're saying, ‘I don't have any grandkids yet,'” she said.
Because of efforts like the CFPI and the community health improvement plan, Pueblo has seen a 40 percent decrease in its teen pregnancy rate. It has also been making strides in education and changing cultural messages about sex in the community.
Introduced in 2013, the community health improvement plan intends to lower the obesity and teen pregnancy rates in Pueblo. The plan's two main objectives are based on the results of a state-mandated community health assessment.
“In Pueblo County alone, between 2009 and 2013, our teen pregnancy rates for 15 to 19-year-olds dropped 40 percent. During those years, we had a decrease of 391 births,” Herrera said.
Now that the Family Planning Initiative is without a source of funding Herrera said she thinks the teen pregnancy rate will increase again in Pueblo.
“That was one of our fears. We were hoping for a downward trend with receiving that $5 million from the state to hopefully get it as close to zero as we could've. Unfortunately, with decreased access to the LARC products, we probably will see another increase again,” she said.
The department will continue to offer free birth control to Pueblo women, but it will be limited to more traditional forms, like the pill and the Depo-Provera birth control shot, which are generally less effective at preventing pregnancy.
On a national basis, the failure rate for IUDs is 0.8 percent, according to the CDC. The pill, on the other hand, has a failure rate of 9 percent and the Depo-Provera shot has a failure rate of 6 percent. Condoms have a failure rate of 18 percent.
“We still have birth control pills and the Depo shot available, which are good methods. But they are methods that have a huge rate of human error factored into that,” Herrera said. “Teens who use traditional birth control methods, such as the pill or the Depo shot are 20 times more likely to become pregnant than a girl on LARC in the same age group.”
Methods like the pill and the Depo-Provera birth control shot require women to consistently take action to ensure their birth control is working. The pill requires daily use and the Depo-Provera shot requires women to visit their clinic every 12 weeks for administration in order to be effective.
Herrera said IUDs and other long-acting forms of birth control are more realistic.
“Unfortunately, with decreased access to the LARC products, we probably will see another increase again.” – Stacy Herrera
“Once you put it in, it makes sense. Once you put it into your arm, you're done thinking about it for three to five to 10 years, depending on what device you received,” she said. “You know, we as women, have busy lifestyles. We work, we go to school, we have social gatherings, we have social events and life just happens. That human error factor is just really high sometimes.”
The health department has an onsite pharmacy, where it stores immunizations and birth control.
“I currently have long-acting reversible products available for about five to six months and so we'll continue to offer those products,” Herrera said. “We are currently looking for more funding to purchase more products but unfortunately, there's just not a lot of grants or monies to be had surrounding those specific types of birth control.
“So, we're going to work vigorously along with the CDP and the state health department, to continue to look for monies and for further funding.”
In the meantime, the department plans to continue with its sexual health education efforts in the community.
Lowering the rate
Recently, a major focus of the department has been to normalize the conversation about sex by encouraging parents to be “askable” adults. After conducting research, the department discovered that nine out of 10 teens would prefer to get information about sex from their parents.
“We understand that it's a difficult conversation and we know it's difficult to bring that up, but we'll give them some tips on how to talk to their parents because we want those conversations to go on. What we're trying to do is normalize the conversation,” Herrera said.
“So, talking about sexual reproductive health is no different from what most parents feel is a safe conversation. You know, I talk to my kids about vegetables and driving and wearing a helmet when they ride a bike and wearing a seatbelt. It's the same thing.”
The department's biggest educational focus, though, is on the teens themselves. Before teens make an appointment at the clinic, they can ask nurses questions about reproductive health, which has been an effort to increase access to care.
The clinic navigator, for example, is available to answer questions via telephone prior to making an appointment. The clinic also has a texting service called Go Ask Tara, which allows teens to ask reproductive health questions anonymously.
“So when people get a little bit skittish about asking those sexual reproductive health questions, it's nice to kind of be able to have that access,” Herrera said.
The department also encourages teens to plan for their future.
“We'll ask youth, ‘what do you want to do in life?'” Herrera said, “and sometimes they'll say, ‘I've never been asked that. I have no clue. I just thought about tomorrow.'”
“We're able to start that fire and set that spark in their mind and help them start visualizing and thinking about the future and how their decisions today will affect them in years and generations to come,” she said.
The health department also offers services like immunizations, so patients are not necessarily only there for birth control. In the clinic, there is a sign that lists the multiple services provided by the department, an effort that helps de-stigmatize the environment.
In 2014, the department received a grant from the state to renovate its clinic rooms to make visits more comfortable. After conducting a focus group, the department decided to redecorate the rooms based on teen opinions.
“We applied for the extra grant monies with the state and we were one of the only two clinics statewide to do the improvements so we are very excited,” Herrera said.
The loss of a clinic
Recently, the clinic has seen a slight increase in appointments. Pueblo's only Planned Parenthood closed in February after the landlord of the building it was located in declined to renew its lease. Those patients were directed to other clinics around Pueblo and in Colorado Springs.
“We would love to have those patients. We currently have the capability to accept new patients and so if someone wants to come in and join our clinic, we would love to have them,” Herrera said.
Pueblo's A Caring Pregnancy Center, which offers services to women with unintended pregnancies, has not seen a dramatic increase in patients since Planned Parenthood closed.
Sen. Larry Crowder, R-Alamosa, told the Denver Post he didn't support funding the program because the Affordable Care Act should cover the contraceptives.
“We've noticed an increase in calls and we're fully booked,” said executive director Tamra Axwothy, but the clinic is not sure whether they are receiving those calls as a result of Planned Parenthood's closing.
Because ACPC's clinic is so small, they do not offer birth control. Instead, their emphasis is on offering services to women who are already pregnant. Twenty percent of their clients are teens.
ACPC offers counseling for women who have unplanned pregnancies, specifically those who are considering having an abortion. While the clinic does not necessarily discourage women from having abortions, they place an emphasis on the pregnancy and parenting classes they offer.
Axworthy said ACPC does not plan to change any of their services to accommodate for Planned Parenthood's closing.
“We're not changing who we are or what we do as a result of their closing,” she said.
Many low-income Pueblo women looking for birth control options may be turning to the health department.
The Pueblo health department is a Title X clinic, which means it receives money from the state to offer services on a sliding fee scale.
“Based on income, that means that services are free to low cost. For 19-year-olds and under, services are always free. That includes breast exams, gonorrhea and chlamydia testing, birth control, everything,” Herrera said.
But as more clients turn to the health department, they will have to rely on a limited supply of the most effective forms of birth control until more funding is found.
“Here at the clinic, once those products run out, unfortunately if I can't get any more, we'll continue to offer the traditional birth control,” Herrera said. “We'll continue to look for more funding. Hopefully we'll find something.”
Related News
Nigeria has been ranked third of the 162 countries of the world that have been worst hit by terrorist attacks, according to the 2015 Global Terrorism Index.
The country, Africa's largest oil producer, was ranked fourth in 2014.
Going by the latest ranking, Nigeria is only better than two largely Islamic countries – Iraq and Afghanistan – who were ranked first and second respectively. Pakistan and Syria are ranked fourth and fifth to complete the top five most terrorised countries.
The only African countries closer in ranking to Nigeria are Somalia and Libya which are in the eighth and ninth positions respectively.
France, which recently experienced deadly terrorist attacks that killed about 160 people in Paris, is ranked 36th, same as the United States of America.
“Terrorist attacks are much more lethal in Nigeria than any other country,” the GTI report said.
The report, released on November 16, 2015 by the Institute for Economics and Peace, said the Islamist terror group in Nigeria, Boko Haram, overtook ISIL in 2014 to become the most deadly terrorist group in the world.
The Institute for Economics and Peace is an independent, non-partisan, non-profit think tank with offices in Sydney, New York and Mexico City.
The 2015 GTI report said Boko Haram, in 2014, was also able to spread outside Nigeria to launch two deadly attacks in neighbouring Cameroon, killing 530 people.
Cameroon, the report said, didn't record any death from terrorism between 2000 and 2013 until Boko Haram struck in 2014.
Although published in November 2015, the GTI report was produced from data gathered in 2014.
In 2014, Nigeria experienced the biggest yearly deterioration in terrorism on record, the report said.
“There were 5,662 more people killed (in Nigeria) from terrorism in 2014 than in 2013, an increase of almost 300 per cent,” it says.
The number of people killed in Nigeria by terrorist attack in 2014 was 6,118, compared to the 1,595 killed in 2013.
According to the report, “Nigeria has moved from the country with the fifth highest levels of fatalities in 2013 to the second highest in 2014.”
In summary, Nigeria recorded 662 terrorist attacks in 2014, with 7,512 people killed, 2,246 injured and 1,512 properties destroyed.
But then, Boko Haram isn't the only terror group in Nigeria that kills; the Fulani militants in the northern part of Nigeria is recorded to have killed as many as 1,229 people in the country in 2014, which is an incredible leap from 63 recorded in 2013.
Unlike religious fanaticism which drives Boko Haram, the Fulani militants are driven by conflict over access and control of land between the semi-nomadic Fulani herdsmen and farmers in north-eastern Nigeria, the report said.
Nigeria, alongside four other countries – Iraq, Afghanistan, Pakistan and Syria – accounted for 78 per cent of lives lost globally in 2014 through terrorist attacks.
Of 20 most fatal terrorist attacks in the world in 2014, nine of them took place in Nigeria.
Boko Haram was responsible for eight of those nine attacks, while the Fulani militants were responsible for one which took place at Galadima where 200 people were reportedly killed.
The worst terrorist attack in Nigeria in 2014, according to the 2015 GTI report, was in Kano city on November 28, 2014 when two suicide bombers and roadside bomb detonated at the Grand Mosque in the city.
Boko Haram terrorists reportedly opened fire on worshippers fleeing the explosions. One hundred and twenty-two (122) people were killed, while 270 were injured.
Nigeria for several years now has been battling Boko Haram insurgency which is responsible for thousands of deaths in the northeast of the country. PREMIUM TIMES has extensively reported on the insurgency.
“The nature of terrorism in Nigeria is different to Iraq and Afghanistan,” the report said.
“Terrorist activity in Nigeria has more in common with the tactics of organised crime and gangs, focusing more on armed assaults using firearms and knives than on the bombings of other large terrorist groups.
“Firearms were used in over half of all attacks in Nigeria and were responsible for 67 per cent of all deaths by Boko Haram and 92 per cent of deaths from Fulani militants.
“Whilst previously the use of suicide attacks by Boko Haram was rare, in 2014 they were responsible for 31 suicide attacks with an average of nearly 15 deaths per attack.
“The majority of these attacks were against private citizens and education and religious institutions. No other group in Nigeria conducted suicide attacks in 2014,” the report said.
The number of people killed by terrorism around the world increased from 18,111 in 2013 to 32,658 in 2014.
The increase is said to be the largest ever recorded.
The report put the global cost of terrorism in 2014 at US$52.9 billion, compared to US$32.9 billion in 2013.
The GTI, which is currently in its third edition, is “based on data from the Global Terrorism Database (GTD) which is collected and collated by the National Consortium for the Study of Terrorism and Responses to Terrorism”.
The GTI score for a country in a given year is said to be based on unique scoring system to account for the relative impact of terrorism incidents in the year.
“The four factors counted in each country's yearly score, are: total number of terrorist incidents in a given year; total number of fatalities caused by terrorists in a given year; total number of injuries caused by terrorists in a given year; a measure of the total property damage from terrorist incidents in a given year.”
PlayHugeLottos.com first online lotto vendor to accept cryptocurrency payments 2 Sep 2014
.com is a global online entity renowned for their solid reputation within the online lotto market. Their service affords lotto enthusiasts from all over the world guaranteed entry to some of the biggest, most prestigious international lottery games.
With a global audience entering weekly into the likes of the U.S. Powerball, Mega Millions and EuroMillions lotto games, PlayHugeLottos.com has always catered to the international audience by offering their players a broad range of accepted payment methods when purchasing their tickets. Priding themselves on the ability to stay abreast of all the latest online trends, they are excited to include the option of making payment with cryptocurrency.
Software-based online payment, or Cryptocurrency, is widely regarded as the future of online transactions; thanks to its ease of use and flexibility in instantly transferring money around the world. Bitcoin has been leading the charge on this virtual currency front ever since its launch in 2011.
With the inclusion of this exciting new payment method, PlayHugeLottos.com has successfully managed to widen their accessibility and global appeal for those wanting to play lotto online. Those who wish to make use of cryptocurrency as a preferred payment method are invited to simply purchase Bitcoins from their local exchange, which can then be used to purchase their entry into their favourite international lotto games on PlayHugeLottos.com (PRESS RELEASE) -- Acclaimed international lottery service provider PlayHugeLottos.com has proudly announced their partnership with GoCoin, officially making them the first online lotto ticket purchasing service to include the option of paying for ticket purchases via cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, Litecoin and Dogecoin. PlayHugeLottos .com is a global online entity renowned for their solid reputation within the online lotto market. Their service affords lotto enthusiasts from all over the world guaranteed entry to some of the biggest, most prestigious international lottery games.With a global audience entering weekly into the likes of the U.S. Powerball, Mega Millions and EuroMillions lotto games, PlayHugeLottos.com has always catered to the international audience by offering their players a broad range of accepted payment methods when purchasing their tickets. Priding themselves on the ability to stay abreast of all the latest online trends, they are excited to include the option of making payment with cryptocurrency.Software-based online payment, or Cryptocurrency, is widely regarded as the future of online transactions; thanks to its ease of use and flexibility in instantly transferring money around the world. Bitcoin has been leading the charge on this virtual currency front ever since its launch in 2011.With the inclusion of this exciting new payment method, PlayHugeLottos.com has successfully managed to widen their accessibility and global appeal for those wanting to play lotto online. Those who wish to make use of cryptocurrency as a preferred payment method are invited to simply purchase Bitcoins from their local exchange, which can then be used to purchase their entry into their favourite international lotto games on PlayHugeLottos.com
A suspect surrendered in Ewa Beach tonight after an apparent road rage incident on H-1 freeway that closed part of the freeway during rush hour and left three men with stab wounds, one of them with critical injuries.
SHARE
ADVERTISING
A suspect surrendered in Ewa Beach tonight after an apparent road rage incident on H-1 freeway that closed part of the freeway during rush hour and left three men with stab wounds, one of them with critical injuries.
Police had surrounded the Halolani Street home, which is apparently the home of the stabbing suspect, for more than two hours. A Halolani Street resident said at about 8 p.m. that the man had surrendered, but police were still at the scene investigating.
Another Halolani Street resident, who asked to remain anonymous, said at about 6 p.m. that an officer told him to stay inside because the suspect may have firearms.
He said it wasn't the first time his neighbor had trouble with police and the man was the subject of a police barricade situation about three years ago. He said some residents fear the man because he swears at people and appears to have an anger management problem.
“I don't like living like this,” he said. “Nobody likes him on this street.”
Police reopened all lanes by 8:19 p.m. About a half hour after, traffic was still heavy and backed up through Aiea.
Police shut down two Waianae-bound lanes near the Kunia off-ramp to investigate after the incident happened about 3:20 p.m.
Traffic was backed up to the Moanalua area and drive time from the Pali Highway to Kunia Road was estimated at more than two hours.
Shayne Enright, spokeswoman for the city's Emergency Services Department, said paramedics responded to stabbing and treated two men.
Paramedics transported a 22-year-old man to a hospital in critical condition with three stab wounds to the abdomen and other areas. Also, they took a 23-year-old man to a hospital in serious condition, with a stab wound to his arm.
A witness who only gave his first name, Charles, said he noticed a white sedan and a red Camaro pull up on the left shoulder of the freeway. He saw two men get out of the white car and one man step out of the Camaro. The men from the white car chased after and punched the Camaro's driver.
Charles said he pulled over to help and another driver in a BMW had also stopped.
He said the BMW's driver had approached the group to help, but returned and told Charles the driver of the red Camaro had stabbed him in the hand and stabbed the other two men. He said the BMW driver drove himself to the hospital.
Charles jumped into his vehicle and tried to pursue the Camaro, but the driver sped away with a female passenger.
Charles said he recognized the driver from another incident last week.
He said in that incident the driver was driving the same Camaro about 30 mph Waianae-bound on H-1 during rush hour traffic and drivers behind were honking. He said the Camaro was near the Moanalua freeway merge and Charles drove up alongside the car to get a look at the driver.
He said it was the same man in the incident today.
The Halolani Street resident who said the suspect had a previous run-in with police said Monday night that the red Camaro was at the house that police had surrounded. He said the woman in the Camaro was likely the man's wife.
He said suspect has told people he is a military veteran. In the previous barricade situation, a police SWAT team responded after officers were trying to restrain the man, who was carrying a firearm, but he ran into his home. He said police eventually detained the man.
“It's like nothing happened,” he said. “He's back to his normal self.”
Sony Sues Actor For Trademark Infringement For Looking Too Much Like Himself In Another Commercial
from the if-looks-could-sue dept
Sony Computer Entertainment America filed a lawsuit against Bridgestone and Wildcat Creek, Inc. on September 11. The claims are based on violations of the Lanham Act, misappropriation, breach of contract and tortious interference with a contractual relationship. We invested significant resources in bringing the Kevin Butler character to life and he's become an iconic personality directly associated with PlayStation products over the years. Use of the Kevin Butler character to sell products other than those from PlayStation misappropriates Sony's intellectual property, creates confusion in the market and causes damage to Sony.
According to a complaint filed in California federal court, the contract between Sony and Wild Creek was entered into on August 7, 2009 and contained an "exclusivity clause" that prevented Lambert from providing his services or his likeness to competing gaming system manufacturers like Nintendo.
According to the lawsuit, "With the intent of unfairly capitalizing on the consumer goodwill generated by 'Kevin Butler,' Bridgestone has used and is using the same or confusingly similar character, played by the same actor, to advertise its products or services in the commercial."
"Mr. Lambert is one of the actors who appeared in the commercial as a Bridgestone engineer," say the defendant. "Bridgestone denies that 'Kevin Butler' appears in the Bridgestone commercial discussed herein and thus denies that he speaks or does anything whatsoever in the commercial."
Bridgestone indicates that it intends to fight the lawsuit by showing that Sony has failed to register any mark on "Kevin Butler," that the character has not acquired secondary meaning and that there is no likelihood of confusion among consumers.
Just when you thought trademark law couldn't get any stranger, we have a new story that takes it to a whole new level. Most often, trademark law is applied to logos and names of goods and services, yet there is still some untested ground. This is where Sony comes in. Several years ago, in an effort to rebrand its floundering Playstation 3 brand, Sony created a fictional Vice President of the Playstation brand named Kevin Butler. This character and the ads he starred in became a gaming sensation and brought the Playstation 3 back into the limelight. Here is a sample of these advertisements.Such success never lasts, and earlier this year, the contract Sony had with Kevin Butler actor, Jerry Lambert, expired and he has moved on to other contracts. One of these new advertisement contracts is with Bridgestone Tires. Unfortunately, Lambert has starred in one ad that now has Sony up in arms. This ad features Jerry Lambert starring as an unnamed Bridgestone engineer along side two other actors portrayed playing a Nintendo Wii. This ad has resulted in Sony going over the edge, so to speak. The entertainment and electronic giant is now suing Bridgestone and Wildcat Creek , the corporation set up to manage Lambert's advertising career, for a variety of reasons, one of which is trademark infringement. You can view the original Bridgestone commercial at GoNintendo.This statement is a tad confusing on first blush. It reads as if Sony is claiming trademark on the Kevin Butler likeness rather than the character itself. As such, it would seem that Sony is making the claim that Lambert starring in any commercial could cause likely confusion among consumers, resulting in them thinking that Kevin Butler is endorsing another product. This is rather absurd though. Primarily because the character Labert portrays has no name and actors portray many different characters throughout their careers.Thankfully, the Hollywood Reporter has provided some further clarifications on the matter . Here we learn a bit more about the exclusivity clause in Lambert's contract.This part at least makes some sense. A lot of contracts will contain language that prevents an employee or other contracted company or individual from working for a direct competitor for a specified time. However, to claim that the commercial with Bridgestone, a tire company, meets this definition is a stretch, even if the commercial features a Nintendo Wii. Sony then claims that Lambert's work with Bridgestone is a breach of contract, unfair competition and tortuous interference. These are quite harsh accusations and Sony will have its work cut out for it.Next is the claim of trademark infringement.Having seen both a Kevin Butler commercial and the Bridgestone ad featuring Lambert, I find it hard to see the similarities beyond the superficial. The Kevin Butler character plays as an overly-serious and often hyperbolic character to its comedic levels. The Bridgestone ad features an excitable and fast talking character. Aside from that, Kevin Butler was built to be a VP while the Bridgestone guy is merely an engineer in an R&D department.These differences are not going unnoticed by Bridgestone either. It has made the claim that not only are the characters different, but Sony has no actual claim on the Kevin Butler character at all.This is certainly not the first time something like this has happened. Many years ago, Wendy's had a very successful advertising campaign starring Clara Peller as a little old lady asking a generic fast food chain the famous question, "Where's the beef?" She lost her job with Wendy's after she starred in a Prego commercial uttering the phrase: "I found it. I really found it."What these accounts show is that the ownership mentality of many corporations goes beyond logos and phrases, to specific actions, characters and the actors behind them. This is certainly a dangerous line of thought for anyone to take up. While Sony most likely has a vested interest in the Kevin Butler character, claiming that its interest in the character extends as far as the actor himself is certainly going to make Lambert's career more difficult potentially to the point of halting it. If he cannot star in any commercial for fear of looking and acting too much like himself, then what point is there in continuing in an acting career?
Filed Under: actors, characters, jerry lambert, kevin butler, trademark
Companies: bridgestone, nintendo, sony
AKRON, Ohio — The former Navy SEAL who gained national fame after being shot in a Bath Township parking lot in March is now accused of lying about the circumstances surrounding the incident.
Christopher Mark Heben, 44, is charged with obstructing justice and falsification in Akron Municipal Court. He is scheduled for an arraignment on Sept. 11. The charges carry a maximum penalty of nine months in jail and a $1,750 fine.
Bath Township Police Chief Mike McNeely said a detective spent 30 hours a week for five months investigating the shooting.
"We would give that kind of treatment to anyone who was shot," McNeely said. "We investigated it to the end, because that's what we do."
Heben told Bath police on March 28 that a man shot him in the stomach outside the Mustard Seed Market and Café after an altercation in the parking lot, where the driver of a car backed into him.
Heben previously said he yelled at the driver about getting hit, and was shot when he returned to his car after forgetting his wallet.
McNeely said that after dozens of interviews and reviewing of surveillance footage, investigators believe that Heben was shot somewhere other than the shopping center parking lot.
Court records say Heben lied to investigators about the location of the shooting and which route he took to the Bath Police Department after the shooting.
Messages left for Heben and his attorney, Kerry O'Brien, were not immediately returned.
About the same time the police announced the charges, Heben posted a photo on his Facebook page with the caption: "Reaching a goal is noteworthy. But the real story often lies in the climb!" The post elicited 315 "likes" and drew 41 comments in the first hours it was up, some who offered support and others expressing anger at Heben.
Heben served in the Navy SEALs from 1996 to 2006 and since has been featured on regional television, national radio and is a regular fixture on the Fox News network.
Here's Heben telling his story in an April 9 interview on the WMMS morning show Rover's Morning Glory:
Heben's website says he's the founder of INVICTVS Group, which delivers "corporate/personal security and training services, as well as subject matter expertise to the news media and entertainment industry."
He rose to prominence as a military analyst in the wake of SEAL Team Six's operation that ended in the death of Osama Bin Laden. He appeared in hundreds of interviews on television and cable news networks and radio networks such as NPR, Discovery Channel and History Channel.
His website also lists him as the founder of SEAL Team Consulting which sells apparel, nutritional supplements and personal appearances.
Heben has a criminal history and had his physician's assistance license suspended indefinitely by the Ohio Medical Board. He pleaded no contest in July 2008 to three counts of forgery in Lake County. Heben was sentenced to 33 days in jail and two years on probation in that case.
The State Medical Board of Ohio suspended his license indefinitely accusing him of "illicit forging of prescriptions for controlled substance," according to a copy of the board' findings.
He's also featured in several videos for a company called Medical Security International that shows him training staff members at area police departments and Cleveland Clinic.
Medina County Common Pleas Judge Christopher Callier allowed Heben to erase the disability to own weapons that comes with a felony drug conviction on Sept. 13, 2011. Heben, through his attorney, argued that he is a decorated combat veteran that worked for the private security firm Blackwater Worldwide for two years after serving as a Navy SEAL.
The attorney, Patrick Quinn of Willoughby, also argued Heben needed to be allowed to own weapons in order to train hospital security guards, which his company did for several hospitals, including the Cleveland Clinic.
MEDICAL SECURITY INTERNATIONAL EXTENDED REEL 8.18.10 from Story Council on Vimeo.
Street homelessness in New York increased by 39 percent in 2017, according to the latest annual survey by the Department of Homeless Services.
There were 3,892 homeless and unsheltered people on the night of February 6, 2017, up from 2,794 people at the same time last year, said the report, which is conducted on one night of the year. This is the highest increase since 2005, when Michael Bloomberg was mayor.
“After evaluating the first year of HOME-STAT, the most comprehensive street homeless outreach effort in the nation, we're making enhancements that will enable our outreach teams to reach more New Yorkers living on the street, many of whom have fallen through numerous safety nets and are often resistant to accepting services," said Department of Social Services Commissioner Steven Banks.
A milder winter and economic conditions are said to be key factors that attributed to the higher count of people sleeping on the streets. For example, rising rents are outpacing incomes, with median rents increasing just over 18 percent during that time, said the report.
Homelessness Up Almost 40 Percent: Report
The survey compares how many people are sleeping rough on one given night year-on-year. (Published Wednesday, July 5, 2017)
However, homeless outreach providers say the lack of housing and shelter options are to blame.
The homelessness crisis has always been a sore point during Mayor Bill de Blasio's tenure, who aimed to reduce the number of homeless New Yorkers relying on shelter by spending over $2 billion for services like 360 more safe haven beds by the end of the year. The first 500 housing units will also be up and running this year, as part of de Blasio's housing plan.
We are FUNDED!!!
Thanks to everyone who was a part of this project. I couldn't have done it without the help of the amazing people who not only backed this project, but spread the word and invited their friends. You guys are awesome!
Stretch Goal $4,300
With two hours to go, we're opening up a stretch goal. If funding reaches $4,300 all copies of Discovering Aberration will feature illustrations by artist Colt Smith. Keep those pledges rolling in and we'll keep making the book an enhanced final product.
“What on earth is he doing?” I asked, curious and horrified at once. "Has he gone mad?”
I peered back through the spyglass and watched only for a moment before I recoiled in horror. Hands hooked like the claws of a raptor, he burrowed them into the flesh of his arms.
The Story
In the budding age of steam technology, Freddy Fitzgerald risks everything to write the story of a lifetime!
After stealing an ancient map from under the nose of a notorious gangster, Freddy Fitzgerald and Thaddeus Lumpen embark on a quest to find a lost civilization. But as news of the map spreads, Freddy and Lumpen find themselves racing against a violent army of archaeologists, gangsters, mercenaries, scuttlers, and scarlettes. But their island destination has its own secrets, secrets which can push even the strongest willed to the brink of insanity.
Drawing inspiration from classic adventure/sci-fi ala Jules Verne, H.G. Wells and Robert Louis Stevenson, Discovering Aberration adds thrilling twists, backstabbing turns, a taught sense of peril, and a dash of steampunk to concoct this adventure.
Sample Chapters
Foreword by Sir Charles Greatworth
Chapter 1. The Map
Chapter 2. A Brief History of John-Joseph Heller
Chapter 3. Acquiring Destiny
The Plan
Editing is an essential step in preparing a novel for publication. If my unpolished story were a piece of coal, editing would be the pressure that turns it into a diamond. Where editing polishes the meat of the story, design presents it in such a way that a reader feels compelled to read the first page. These two elements are specialized skills, one which even the most talented of writers cannot do on their own.
For this reason we are building a team of professionals to whose combined skills can create a work of art. And your support will make this possible.
In return, you'll receive a beautifully designed copy of Discovering Aberration before it's released to the general public, as well as exclusive behind the scenes insights into the production process and access to the beta read. In short, you'll become a very real part of the Discovering Aberration team, directly affecting the future of this novel in a tangible way.
The Breakdown
On top of the money invested through Kickstarter, I'll be investing up to an additional $2,000 of my own money totaling $5,700 funding.
Exact costs breakdown as follows.
Total Funding - $3,700 (Kickstarter) + ~$2,000 (Me) = $5,700
Editing - $1500.
Cover design - $1750
10 ISBN's - $250
Rewards - $300 - $500
Processing Fee's + Taxes - $1400
Total estimated costs: $5,400
Any remaining funds will be invested into more comprehensive editing.
The Team
S.C. Barrus, Writer - I've published short stories, essays, poems and worked as a professional copywriter for the last 3 years and went to the University of Washington where I majored in creative writing. I've won a few small writing awards including The Meadow Brook Way Award For Literary Excellence, Manila Envelope Editors Choice, and Bricolage Short Story Finalist.
A. Victoria Mixon, Editor - Victoria is a professional editor well known for her books The Art and Craft of Fiction, and The Art and Craft of Story. She's edited books for major publishers, and has agreed to take on my novel as one of her next projects.
The Book Designers - The team at The Book Designers have designed some of the most beautiful and eye-catching cover designs I've ever seen, and I'm so pleased to have them as my cover designers.
You - You are the force behind making the next step in this journey possible, and if you choose to back this project, I consider you a real part of my team of adventures.
This project is a part of Kicking it Forward. It's a great way to pay back the crowd funding community. Learn more.
Back in the day, advances in gaming were conflated with technological improvements. That more powerful hardware resulted in more involved game mechanics. The reality is in fact far more complex and it's something that this generation of hardware has to re-examine closely.
This is because the more hardware advances in terms of its potency; the more money will have to be spent in order to directly leverage it. The problem now is that the more money is involved the less functionally varied games become, as investors are already taking a risk on the technological side of things.
This is as we all now know to be misguided and it's something Mega64 recently covered in one of their videos (shown below). In it we see Derrick Acosta donned in a white lab coat taking on the role of a game development manager as he glides through a factory, telling eager gamers that the next stage of gaming is here; the mythical AAAA game.
We are then subjected to a barrage of excessive bouts of spending and the unnerving reveal of a decade long crunch period. The result being a supposedly visually sumptuous game that an early access gamer then simply finds to be rather dull to play.
This video succinctly summarizes the predicament modern console gaming now finds itself in; in order to push the technological envelope the budget will be immense but the resultant game will often be functionally standardized monotony.
The reality is that technological advancement is not directly to linked game mechanics. Much in the same way the creative scope of literature isn't beholden to the technical intricacies of the printing press. The technical back-end is not something that should dictate game mechanics but due to the history of gaming, the two have become inextricably linked.
For many, technical advancement has come to mean new types of games but in order to reach that new horizon budgets have had to increase exponentially.
This is down to how games are produced and the fact that they are built by groups of people over time. As the technical requirements increase, publishers have funded studios to meet that. The result being ever larger teams of people working longer to make the same kind of game repeatedly.
The zenith of this reasoning manifested itself in the AAA game of the last generation. While the initial batch was successful, it wasn't long until the budgets escalated beyond the reach of what the market could sustain. Consequently, multiple studios went bankrupt and publishers realized that this could no longer go on.
This is when the end of console gaming was prophesied and mobile was hailed as the next one true god. Except, that was a misreading of the situation. Instead of examining how to make different types of games for less money, publishers initially abandoned consoles only to be shocked when gamers still bought them in record numbers.
Now we are back to the same old mandate of having publishers fund games to meet these new and even higher technical requirements, while simultaneously homogenizing games as a result.
It's this situation that Mega64 has accurately called out and its one that could threaten the future of console gaming.
We've already lost most of our console game studios in the last decade and this new round of excessive spending could very likely finish the job.
This is why the news of an upgrade to the PS4 is so maddening, not least because it alienates its 40 million user install base but also because it will send another signal to publishers to try and meet this new technical challenge.
Games are an abstract form of toy, tactile media if you will. The graphics and other technical elements simply facilitate that. This is why games like Minecraft can look as rudimentary as they do but remain compelling. It's the core mechanics, or what you do in the game, that actually matters.
Console has always been the place where the technical bleeding edge took a back seat to a focus on making gaming accessible. The plug and play nature of consoles, as well as their unified approach to hardware meant that developers and gamers could concentrate on the games themselves.
The PC market has always been the technological vanguard and will remain to be so but its focus is not one inherently built around gaming.
When the PS2 was released back in 2000, it was already behind the PCs of that era. Instead of competing with that, publishers and developers went a different route. They made a huge variety of different games and the result was one of the most successful consoles ever made, with one of the most diverse gaming libraries to boot.
After that Sony lost the plot with the PS3 and the 360 then filled that vacuum. Except that Microsoft took a leaf out of Hollywood's book and started advocating bigger budget type games. This strategy was not at all necessary and has done more harm than good in the years since. Unfortunately, modern publishers are turning back to this approach rather than the more successful one that preceded it.
Games are a type of cognitive firmware. Consequently, their functionality is key. In that sense, funding hugely expensive and ultimately very generic games doesn't play to the medium's main strength.
In the meantime though, it doesn't look like mobile will finish off console gaming anytime soon but more the excessive budgetary spending that is now plaguing many major games.
Follow me on Twitter, Facebook and YouTube. I also manage Mecha Damashii and do toy reviews over at hobbylink.tv.
Read my Forbes blog here.
Among our most memorable literary experiences, can any truly compare to the excitement of discovering a new voice, most notably one that is capable of surprising, enlightening and toying with her reader to the extent that we are left to teeter on the cusp, craving each successive insight, nuance and twist in the plot? Having come to Fly and Other Stories by Anneliese Poelsma with no prior knowledge of her writing style or other works, I was pleased to find myself enthralled by the collection, primarily for the way in which the author skillfully presents the macabre as just another variation on the day-to-day experience of those who, like us, are more than a little bit broken.
Given that madness is identified by behaviors that fall outside the norm, which is in and of itself a slippery slope as this often has more to do with the norms themselves than the individual exhibiting abnormal behavior, it makes sense that the characters who appear within the collection would not think to question their reasoning, much less their sanity. In fact, I'd contend that it is this assumption of normalcy that makes each story incredibly captivating. Whereas the husband in “I Live in the Bathroom” is painted as deranged for locking up his wife, her decision to drown their child is mentioned as a mere afterthought; all the while, Georgia, who steals a young couple's baby in “Where Maisy Went,” believes her means of satisfying the desire for a child to be completely justifiable, especially in her elation to join the local mother's group.
Beyond the tales of broken hearts, babynapping and infanticide, the piece I found to be by far the most intriguing and well-crafted is revealed as a hidden treasure midway into the collection. Entitled “Jennifer,” the story is offered as one woman's account of deeply-held friendship, which the reader understands is in reality a most haunting obsession. Whereas Jennifer views herself as well-liked and popular with co-workers, the story's opening paragraph alone assures us that her self-concept is not simply inflated but downright delusional, a truth confirmed as she interprets her captive officemate's revulsion as a reciprocated expression of caring. Given the authenticity in the narrative's depiction of mundane workplace dynamics, all unlikeliness is superseded by a sense of the completely plausible, which makes “Jennifer” so irresistibly creepy.
In spite of the disturbing elements which seep and ooze from the page, each story ultimately addresses a basic human need, whether it be the the search for true love, the quest for freedom, the desire to be appreciated, the attempt to self-soothe or the need to belong. The oddity, from my perspective, resides simply in the degree to which fulfillment is pursued as well as a dramatic skewing of perception. As much as we might attempt to keep each of these characters at arm's length, it is their humanness that captures our imagination and begs us to question just how removed we truly are from telling our version of the very same story.
Former Rangers star Ray Wilkins has slammed the current Gers stars for their ‘absolutely disgraceful' Europa League exit to Luxembourg minnows Progres Niederkorn.
The Glasgow club won the first-leg of their qualifying tie 1-0 at the Ibrox, but slipped to a 2-0 away defeat to lose 2-1 on aggregate.
They were beaten by a club who had won none of their previous 13 games in Europe, scoring one goal and conceding 41 in the process.
The result has been branded by some as the most embarrassing in British football history, and Wilkins believes the influx of foreign players at Rangers is largely to blame.
Speaking on the Alan Brazil Sports Breakfast, Wilkins said: “It's absolutely disgraceful. You can't be knocked out at this stage
“A club with the stature of Glasgow Rangers going out to a side from Luxembourg, it's atrocious.”
Portuguese boss Pedro Caixinha has brought seven overseas players to the club since his appointment in March, and Wilkins believes a more British core is key to the club turning around their fortunes.
“For me, the manager has brought in too many foreign players,” he added.
“For me, it's Brits, it's Brits all the way. It's the same in the Championship – if you can get good Brits in the Championship then you've got a good chance of getting up into the Premier League.
“Rangers have brought in a lot of foreign people who don't quite understand the ferocity of Scottish football.”
Susan Orlean has become a geek, something that simultaneously amuses and mildly horrifies her. Orlean has been a staff writer at The New Yorker since 1992, and is known for her richly detailed features about places and people. Orlean's focus is often on individuals outside the public eye, whom she dissects in the gentlest of ways to reveal what makes them tick. Her book The Orchid Thief, looking at how orchid collecting and cultivation leads people to odd acts, was made into the quirky film "Adaptation."
Lately, however, Orlean has been tearing up the techie side of things. The writer, who lives with her husband and 5-year-old son (and 10 chickens) in the Hudson Valley in New York, has amassed 70,000 followers on Twitter, and writes regular blog entries for The New Yorker.
Orlean used Twitter to document her anticipation of a 3G iPad, and its ultimate arrival. As a part of our "Living with iPad" feature story in the September 2010 print issue of Macworld, we caught up with her a month after she'd received her 64 GB model. She is currently at work on a biography of dog movie star Rin Tin Tin.
(The interview has been edited for length, including questions being condensed for clarity and brevity.)
I can't really picture you with a laptop out trudging through the swamps and bogs in Florida. What was your setup before this last few weeks?
Susan Orlean: I work at home with a desktop. I have an iMac… and a MacBook. And I travel a lot so I used to bring the MacBook with me. But two years ago, I was about to go on a trip and I thought, Boy, I really don't want to carry this MacBook. First of all, it's heavy; secondly, I really don't want to lose it, or have it be stolen, or dropped or whatever. …
So I bought a little netbook, an ASUS netbook… Laptops are portable within your house, but they're not so great for carrying around. And they don't have great battery life, which is a significant thing if you're sitting on a plane or a train where you don't have electricity available easily. So the netbook seemed like a brilliant solution. It was small, it was really light, it went for such a long time without a battery.
Well the problem is it was awful. Teeny, tiny keyboard. Tiny, tiny memory. I just had problems with it. I took it with me to Morocco and I loved the fact that the built-in camera worked really well, and I used it for Skype very comfortably. But as for any other purposes, it just didn't work that well. It didn't seem to go online very easily, I couldn't download anything. I tried to put my music on it and I couldn't. It just wouldn't fit.…
I started working just on my iPhone, which by that I mean I would check my email, and do Twitter and Facebook. But I couldn't do anything. I could read things that I had put in Dropbox but I couldn't actually do anything beyond that. But I was often traveling with my iPhone rather than my MacBook because I just didn't want to schlep around something heavy.
And so how often did you curse Steve Jobs for not allowing external keyboard support on the iPhone at that point? [laughs]
Well, I was mystified because before my iPhone I had a Treo, and I had a keyboard, and I actually worked on that a fair amount. I thought, Wow, it's not ideal but the keyboard was good, and I could work and I did work on it a fair amount.
But I was puzzled. I felt this seems like the most natural thing in the world that you would have a keyboard for the iPhone and I didn't quite understand that. Had they developed just a keyboard, my avidness for the iPad would have been a lot calmer because the huge issue for working on the iPhone was just, I'm a really good typist and I'm even a really good thumb typist, but there's a limit to how much you can do.
But in addition, I began reading a lot on my iPhone. I got the Kindle application and I stopped using my Kindle, and I was reading books on the iPhone. And I actually didn't find it to be that much of a problem. I read tons of books on it. But in the back of my mind I always thought, Wouldn't it be great if there were a jumbo iPhones, because I was really very happy with everything the iPhone could do but the size limited some of that just in practical terms.
…I've just recently done my first couple of trips just with my iPad and no laptop. And except for the problems with Flash, which I don't care who says that it's not a problem, it is a problem. Something has to change because that's ridiculous.
This was your trip out to WITS in Minneapolis? [Orlean was interviewed in front of an audience by John Moe, the host of American Public Media's Future Tense at the Fitzgerald Theater in St. Paul. The interview will air on public radio stations in the summer.] How did it turn out to be what you needed on the trip?
It was great. I got the 3G model. Driving down to the city [for the flight], which is two hours for me, I was able to use it the whole time. I wasn't driving. I was being driven, I should say…
I was already feeling sort of very braggy, thinking, “Oh, this is awesome.” Two hours of wasted time that I can now use, which was great. I didn't have to take it out of my luggage, which I loved.
Not that it's a big deal, but flying is such a pain in the neck now that anything that you can eliminate as far as the headache of going through security is wonderful. The fact that I didn't have to give the battery one moment of thought on the plane was great. And that it was light and it just was great.
And the fact that I have on it my whole iTunes library. I didn't download any movies. I could have and I wish I had because they didn't have any on the plane. But I was really happy. And I worked in my hotel room. They did not have Wi-Fi.
… I keep my manuscript in Dropbox. I was able to open the Dropbox file and work on it in [Apple's] Pages; getting it back to your computer seems like it ought to work a little more easily than it does. Dropbox doesn't allow you to email things into Dropbox.
… I know that they are being hounded by people to offer that option. But it wasn't such a big deal when I got home, I plugged in the computer. I dragged the file into my Dropbox and that was that. I feel like there's still a few things that don't make perfect sense or aren't quite as seamless.
But I was really happy with it. And I was so happy not carrying a heavy laptop. It's not that iPads are so light. But I can keep it in my handbag. I think for women, they're great. Because I always have a handbag.
My husband wanted to get one, and he was sort of going back and forth. Because he doesn't carry a briefcase. He wasn't quite sure that he wanted to commit to having to carry something.
But I have a feeling that he'll end up getting one once he finds some briefcase kind of thing that he is comfortable using that's light, like briefcase ish rather than handbag ish. So it was great. I actually think that it is ideal for women and children.
I have a good video of my three year old playing Pickin' Time on an iPad. It's an iPhone game at double the size. And he's, like, this is the best thing since sliced bread.
Yeah. And when my son first saw it he said, “Ooh, it's a giant iPhone. And I have a lot of the same games that I do on my iPhone.” And he said, “But it's better on the iPad because it's bigger.”
And I thought, well, there you have it. Like a lot of these things like reading The New York Times in bed. I hate sitting there with my laptop. I don't know if it's just the laptop is hot, it's heavy, and makes me think that I ought to be working.
I'm always afraid I'm going to break it if it's in bed and the hinge gets caught in the blanket or something. So I snuggle into bed with it and I'm reading and I'm very happy. I'm waiting for a case. …
The case I ordered, which looks great and it has a stand built in, that's for either horizontal or vertical, and you can charge it with the case on. I was about to order the Apple one and a friend who was here said, you have to take it off all the time to charge it, and I thought, eh, I'm going to wait. [Orlean later said that she had ordered the Cloak from quirky.]
… I can see why some people would scratch their head and say I don't understand how it makes sense. I have my laptop and I have my phone. I can understand that, too. I think it's like carrying around like a little window with you, and you can peak through that window into this huge gigantic world that is the Internet.
And while you can do that with your phone, it is so much more visual, and almost tactile and alive doing through the window, the iPad. And that's how I feel. I just feel like it's a window. Literally, it even looks like a window.
I've heard from a lot of people talked about how it disappears; the iPad when you use it, there's nothing there. You are conscious you are holding a device but there is no other anything there.
But that's why to me the analogy or the metaphor of a window feels very accurate. Because I feel like the Internet is like this ocean of information and images and communication.
It's just this vast, fluid, thing. And this is like the window onto the aquarium. Or rather you are in a tunnel underwater, and this is your window and through it you see this gigantic ocean and you can beckon what you want to that window.
I was reading somebody's rant about apps and they make you stupid and they put things there instead of making you go out and get them. And I just think, eh, get over it. If you want to be somebody who goes out and digs around online, good. Go do it. For the average person this makes the Internet a utility.
You were talking about working on a manuscript. I know you are always out in the field interviewing people, gathering data. Is the iPad suited for that? Or are you still going to carry a notebook and a recorder?
Well, I don't really see it replacing that because I take notes with a pen and a pad and while there are pen and pad apps, I wouldn't want to carry around a fairly valuable piece of technology when I'm out in the field, so to speak. I rather have my notepad and pen and not have to think about the technology. I don't even like using a tape recorder because of not really liking the technology.
I think the typing takes some getting used to and is still a little complicated.…If I'm sitting in bed and I kind of have it propped in my lap and I want to reply to email it's still slightly awkward to type. I try to thumb type holding it vertically and I can kind of do that, and then I think, no no no, I'm going to type like a normal typewriter, and I turn it horizontally, and put it down on the bed and type.
… I wouldn't imagine that I'd want to take it and type notes in a interview. And I've never liked to do that anyway. I think it's too weird to talk to someone and be looking at them and typing. I find it just really strange.
Are you going to wind up using the iPad constantly, or can you put it down and walk away?
I think, you know, that's a good question. I do think I can walk away. I think that life demands enough of one's attention that I don't know whether having a kid is part of that, that there are just times when you're just not online. And it doesn't matter how glamorous a device you have, that's just not what's happening.
I don't think of the Internet as a danger. Its funny…we just bought a new car and we were looking at getting a DVD system, a built-in one, factory installed. And they're ridiculously expensive of course, and all they do is play movies. So a friend of mine said what a waste. Just get Austin an iPad.
And that way if I get him just the small one without 3G, loaded up with a bunch of games and download some movies for him, it would take us like three years before we come close to the price that you pay for DVD. And she said its old technology anyway and it will be useless and they charge about $2,000 for them.
…If you're on a road trip and you have a $2,000 built in DVD player in your car, and first of all, all they can watch is DVDs. They can't do interesting educational games, they can't draw, all they can do is watch a movie, totally passive….and then you get to the hotel for the night and you go inside and you don't have anything. You buy an iPad and you're reading books, you're drawing, you're doing puzzles, you can watch a movie, and then you get to the hotel and you bring it in with you.
…I'm not going to buy my son a laptop, he's five. … I've got a ton of things for him to play and read and that isn't what a laptop would do.
Laptops are going to start seeming like work tools. And iPads will be the sort of interesting, exploratory, adventuring, device. And not so much work but functional for work. And laptops are going to start seeming really drab and functional but its interesting it wouldn't have occurred to me to get a laptop for my son to use in the car.
…He never asked to use my laptop, there's nothing fun about that.
Having followed you on Twitter for so long, it's clear that you're somewhat of a geek, but this seems to mark your transition for you into becoming more of a geek. John Moe said you were going to be reviewing gadgets for his Future Tense radio show. So are you going to forget about the international reporting, and wind up becoming a tech geek like the rest of us?
A Financial Times journalist was warned about affecting "relationships with advertisers" after she wrote a piece poking fun at Hewlett Packard Enterprise's chief executive.
On 31 January, the FT published a Lucy Kellaway piece headlined: "Boneheaded aphorisms from Davos's windy summit."
In it, she quoted Hewlett Packard Enterprise chief executive Meg Whitman saying: "You can always go faster than you think you can."
Kellaway said: "I admire the Whitman aphorism for its simple syntax and nice short words. The only trouble with it is that it's nonsense. Often in business you can't go nearly as fast as you fondly think you can. When you try, you fall on your face — and Ms Whitman, of all people, should know that. If her predecessor at HP hadn't been quite so hasty in buying Autonomy, it would have saved itself a big mess."
Kellaway has revealed that the piece prompted an email from the company's chief marketing and communications officer Henry Gomez (pictured – credit: Hewlett Packard Enterprises) in which he said he was "disappointed" by the piece and especially by the "snide" dig about Autonomy.
He said: "FT management should consider the impact of unacceptable biases on its relationships with advertisers.”
Kellaway wrote: "It is a very long time since I've been at the receiving end of such aggression."
In an open response to Gomez, she wrote: "It is my editors' steadfast refusal to consider the impact of stories on advertisers that makes us the decent newspaper we are. It is why I want to go on working here. It is why the FT goes on paying me."
She added: "…as head of marketing, you are likely to have an interest in ensuring that the company's advertising message reaches the right audience. Assuming the decision to advertise in the FT was right in the first place, it would seem crazy — and not in shareholders' best interests — to change course based on pique."
Update: Both Google and Word Lens declined to comment on the details of the future of the app or acquisition, other than to confirm an acquisition had occurred.
Makers of the exceptionally popular AR translation app Word Lens, Quest Visual, have been acquired by Google, according to the company's website. Quest's tech will be merged into Google's Translate products.
The statement from the company is as follows:
With Word Lens, we've seen the beginnings of what's possible when we harness the power of mobile devices to "see the world in your language." By joining Google, we can incorporate Quest Visual's technology into Google Translate's broad language coverage and translation capabilities in the future. As a thank you to everybody who supported us on our journey, we've made both the app and the language packs free to download for a limited time while we transition to Google. We're looking forward to continuing our work at Google - stay tuned!
While Quest doesn't come right out and say it, the company is pretty strongly implying that the Word Lens app will cease to be at some future point. It's not clear if that future point is when the free promotion ends, or once integration with Google Translate is complete. We've reached out to them for clarification on this matter.
In the meantime, free Word Lens language packs! Go go go!
Every week, New York Magazine writer-at-large Frank Rich talks with contributor Eric Benson about the biggest stories in politics and culture. This week: The Ebola crisis gets politicized, the Supreme Court hands same-sex marriage a big victory, and playing “what if” with Jon Stewart and Meet the Press.
The death of Thomas Eric Duncan, the first person to be diagnosed with Ebola in the United States, in a Dallas hospital is furthering fears of a larger outbreak. Republicans — particularly 2016 presidential hopefuls Rand Paul, Ted Cruz, Bobby Jindal, and Mike Huckabee — have criticized President Obama for his handling of the crisis and called on the White House to consider travel bans. Has Obama's response to Ebola been sufficient? And does it make any sense for the Republicans to attack him for a domestic outbreak that has so far claimed a single victim?
I am waiting for Donald Trump to weigh in so we can have the definitive explanation of how President Obama has masterminded the spread of Ebola. True, his birthplace of Kenya is in East, not West, Africa, but I imagine Trump's investigators will discover some heretofore unknown Obamas in Liberia, including those who infected Duncan prior to dispatching him to the red state of Texas to target Ted Cruz.
While we wait for Trump's Tweets on all this, let's step back one moment and marvel at the way anything and everything can be politicized in America. A new Pew survey finds that only 48 percent of Republicans (as opposed to 69 percent of Democrats) have confidence in the ability of government to deal with Ebola. You'd think this might be because Republicans intrinsically are suspicious of big government, but Pew helpfully points out that when it asked the same question in 2005 during an outbreak of bird flu, 74 percent of Republicans had confidence in the government (as opposed to 35 percent of Democrats).
The good news is that Pew also finds that an overwhelming majority of Americans — 67 percent — does not fear being exposed to the Ebola virus. It'll be interesting to watch that number between now and Election Day as the president's political nemeses do everything they can to spread panic about Ebola and attach that panic to Obama. The right-wing Washington site Daily Caller has already dubbed him “President Ebola.” Mike Huckabee has found a link to Benghazi. Rand Paul has accused the president of pursuing a “politically correct” Ebola policy — presumably because Paul believes an African-American president would rather let an epidemic destroy America than offend anyone in his ancestral continent. All this fire is coming from self-styled Reagan Republicans. Let us not forget that Reagan legacy in reacting to a spiraling health crisis. The first cases of the AIDS epidemic in America were reported in 1981; he didn't give a serious address about the disease until 1987, after thousands of Americans had died. Pat Buchanan, Reagan's communications director, called AIDS “nature's revenge on gay men.” There's political correctness for you.
Let it be further noted that one Republican with presidential aspirations, Rick Perry, has departed from his party's line and expressed confidence in America's ability to deal with Ebola. Trustworthy veterans of the infectious-disease battles, including Dr. Anthony Fauci, a major figure in the AIDS battle, agree. Obama is doing all he can. It is Republicans in Congress who are blocking the full $1 billion administration request to speed American military assistance to West Africa.
On Monday, the Supreme Court let stand appeals court rulings that struck down gay-marriage bans in Indiana, Oklahoma, Utah, Virginia, and Wisconsin. On Tuesday, the Ninth Circuit struck down gay-marriage bans in Nevada and Idaho. Last week, gay marriage was legal in 19 states. It's likely that the fallout from these rulings will nearly double that number by the end of this month. The marriage-equality fight appears to be ending in a swift, decisive rout. Is there a next battle in the push for gay civil rights? Or is the full acceptance of gay men and women in America now inevitable?
This is indeed a rout. Marriage equality has won. The relative speed of this victory continues to be an inspiring example, at a time we need one, of America at its best. And it is also a vindication of the notion that brave leaders for seemingly hopeless causes can still change this country by fighting step by step over years. When I first heard Evan Wolfson, the civil-rights lawyer of Freedom to Marry, outline his strategy to legalize same-sex marriage back in the previous century, I thought he was a dreamer. He was, but one who against so many odds (see Pat Buchanan above) made a big American dream come true.
Not every state is locked down yet, of course. According to The Advocate, once the legal dust settles in the various circuit courts, the final holdouts are likely to be Alabama, Georgia, Florida, North Dakota, South Dakota, Nebraska, Arkansas, and possibly Missouri. As we know from the long tail of the black civil-rights movement, new laws do not guarantee new behavior. There will continue to be battles to end discrimination against LGBT Americans on a number of fronts — much as we are still battling over equal voting rights for minorities nearly a half-century after the Voting Rights Act of 1965. For starters, the Mormon Church, which played a big role in the passage of Proposition 8 in California, is still on the anti-marriage case.
And there will continue to be a political battle within the GOP. No Republican presidential aspirant for 2016 has endorsed marriage equality. Cruz and Huckabee are already expressing resistance. My guess, however, is that these efforts will hurt their party at the ballot box more than they will the cause of gay civil rights.
Our own Gabriel Sherman reported yesterday that before NBC anointed Chuck Todd as host of Meet the Press, the network had aggressively courted Jon Stewart to fill that role. It's intriguing to imagine Stewart on a staid Sunday morning show, even if it's never to be. Was NBC smart to pursue Stewart? Could he have shaken up the format? And should he have taken the job?
Of course Stewart was right to turn down the job. He'd be trading down from the show and audience he has at night at Comedy Central. The format can't be shaken up at the Sunday morning shows. Despite the recent attempts to diversify beyond the usual gaggle of white male (and mostly conservative) talking heads, the default is still to book John McCain doing his impersonation of Mr. Wilson from Dennis the Menace. Chuck Todd is a far more able political analyst and interviewer than his hapless predecessor at Meet the Press, David Gregory, but the audience isn't increasing, and his network still believes that a way to spiff up a show is to provide the cosmetic boost of a New Set. Who cares?
In network news, the most interesting development of late is another affecting NBC News: The surge of audience that has attended ABC's World News Tonight since David Muir, by far the youngest network anchor (he's 40), took over. It seems possible that even the elderly audience for these shows would now rather watch a young person. ABC is ending NBC's Nightly News longtime ratings supremacy the way it has the long reigns of the Today show and Meet the Press. But to me the most important story in television news by far is what a Daily Show alumnus, John Oliver, is doing each week in his Sunday night show, Last Week Tonight: fielding lengthy pieces (approaching 15 minutes) that take on serious subjects both national and international (net neutrality, the Indian election, income equality) with a mixture of both hard-edged comedy and in-depth, even investigative reporting, some of it more hard-hitting than what 60 Minutes now does earlier in the evening on CBS. (Full disclosure: I work on another series at HBO.) These segments are available on YouTube to non-HBO subscribers, and both the pieces themselves and the large audience they are attracting say a lot more about the unrealized possibilities for television news than anything happening in a Washington studio on Sunday mornings.
Researchers believe "Predator X" could have fed on other big reptiles
A giant fossil sea monster found in the Arctic had a bite that would have been able to crush a 4x4 car, according to its discoverers.
Researchers say the marine reptile, which measured an impressive 15m (50ft) long, had a bite force of about 16 tonnes (35,000lbs).
The creature's partial skull was dug up last summer in the Arctic archipelago of Svalbard by a Norwegian-led team.
Dubbed "Predator X", it patrolled the oceans some 147 million years ago.
Its jaws may have been more powerful than those of a Tyrannosaurus rex, though estimates of the dinosaur's bite vary substantially.
It is thought to belong to a new species of pliosaur - a group of large, short-necked reptiles that lived at the time of the dinosaurs.
But even by the standards of this group, the creature's size has astonished scientists.
Its estimated length exceeds that of another large pliosaur, dubbed "The Monster", which was uncovered in Svalbard a year earlier than this one.
Expedition leader Jorn Harald Hurum, from the University of Oslo's Natural History Museum, said "The Monster" would have been big enough to chomp on a small car.
He said the bite estimates for the latest fossil forced a re-think.
This one, he said, might have been able to "crush a Hummer", referring to General Motors' large 4x4 vehicle.
Researchers say the shape and proportional size of the brain resembles that of another "apex predator": the great white shark.
The biggest marine reptile on record is a 21m-long ichthyosaur, Shonisaurus sikanniensis, from Triassic Period rocks in British Columbia, Canada.
Image copyright RIJASOLO
Madagascar is facing the worst outbreak of plague in 50 years.
There have been more than 1,800 cases and 127 deaths since the start of August, according to new figures.
The island off the south-east coast of Africa is used to seeing about 400 cases of mostly bubonic plague in the same rural areas every year.
But this year it has developed into the deadlier pneumonic version and spread to much more populated areas, including the capital.
Madagascar plague: WHO in huge release of antibiotics
Madagascar country profile
The WHO describes the plague as "one of the oldest - and most feared - of all diseases".
Historically, plague has been responsible for widespread pandemics with extremely high numbers of deaths.
It was known as the Black Death during the 14th Century, killing more than 50 million people across Europe.
Bubonic v pneumonic plague:
Bubonic plague is spread to humans by the bites of infected fleas that live on small mammals such as rats
Without treatment, it kills up to two-thirds of those infected
About one in 10 cases will develop into pneumonic plague, which is almost always fatal if not treated quickly
Unlike bubonic plague, it spreads much more easily through droplets in the air. So if a sick person coughs very close to you, you could pick it up
The good news is that a simple short course of antibiotics can cure the plague, providing it is given early.
The current outbreak in Madagascar is also slowing down, with the number of cases falling in the past couple of weeks.
But the World Health Organization is warning further spikes could be on the way.
It says "despite the relative ease of treatment, plague's association with the Black Death weighs heavily on the popular conscience - and is regularly cited in media reports and tabloid headlines about outbreaks".
So how did this outbreak become the worst in recent times?
Unabated spread
"An outbreak of plague no longer unfolds in the manner portrayed by our history books," said Dr Sylvie Briand, director of WHO's Infectious Hazard Management Department.
"Plague is an old disease, but the challenges it poses today are contemporary and fundamentally different from what we had even 40 years ago."
The medical charity Medecins Sans Frontieres has been responding to the outbreak in one of the worst hit areas of Tamatave.
Dr Tim Jagatic told BBC News the outbreak had spread to populated areas when a man infected with bubonic plague had travelled from the highlands to the capital and then on to the coastal city of Tamatave by bus.
Image copyright RIJASOLO Image caption Treatment centres have been set up
"He had the bubonic form of the plague and entered into one of the major cities, where the bubonic version of the disease had the potential of turning into the pneumonic form without treatment.
"He was in a closed environment with many people when he started to develop severe symptoms, and he started to transmit the pneumonic form of the disease to others."
Dr Jagatic said this had happened in late August, which is outside the normal plague season of September to April, in an area that never usually saw pneumonic plague.
It meant people weren't expecting the plague - and certainly not the type that could spread from person to person.
"So it wasn't recognised until later," he said, allowing the disease to "proliferate over a period of time unabated".
This index case infected 31 other people, according to the WHO, four of whom died.
It wasn't until a couple of weeks later that an outbreak of the plague was detected and officially confirmed.
Since then, the country's Ministry of Health and other health agencies have swung into action, and cases have started to decline since mid-October.
The risk of this outbreak spreading globally is considered low, and the WHO has advised against any travel restrictions.
Response:
Nine plague treatment centres have been set up
More than 2,000 community health workers are actively trying to find new cases
1.2 million doses of antibiotics have been provided by the WHO
Large campaigns are under way to inform people how to stay safe
The Madagascan prime minister is chairing the strategic response group
"Most people haven't experienced plague on this scale before… so it's putting a lot of anxiety and strain on the health system," said Olivier Le Polain, an epidemiologist from the UK's Rapid Support Team, which is helping the Madagascan government with its response.
"There's also fear in the population.
"There's an on-going risk going forward because the plague endemic season doesn't end until the end of April so, knowing it's in areas such as the capital, we need heightened vigilance."
Image copyright RIJASOLO
The WHO describes the overall risk for the island as "very high".
There are also serious concerns about the potential spread of the disease beyond Madagascar.
Frequent travel by air and sea to and from neighbouring countries means the risk of the disease spreading to places including Mozambique, the Seychelles, South Africa, and Tanzania is considered "moderate".
The WHO says it is helping those countries to step up surveillance and prepare for a potential outbreak.
However, it says, the overall risk of the plague spreading globally is low.
WHO official Tarik Jasarevic told BBC News the organisation "advises against any restriction on travel or trade to Madagascar based on the current information available".
"The evidence tells us that the risks associated with shutting borders are higher than keeping them open."
Back at the MSF treatment centre in Tamatave, Dr Jagatic said the country was now much better prepared as the plague season continued.
"Outbreaks are always difficult to predict. Right now we're seeing a decrease in cases, but that doesn't mean this is over," he said.
"We're prepared for a spike, and want to make absolutely sure we won't be caught off guard again."
I just published âCompelled to Actâ https://t.co/O55CV174eo Weâre committing $20M to help Democrats in the 2016 election.
Dustin Moskovitz, the billionaire co-founder of Facebook and Asana, announced on Thursday that he intends to give $20 million to a "number of organizations" to help Democrats, and Hillary Clinton, win in 2016.
Moskovitz published a fiercely worded Medium post arguing that Republican nominee Donald Trump is "running on a zero-sum vision" and that his attempts to woo economically disenfranchised voters "are quite possibly a deliberate con, an attempt to rally energy and support without the ability or intention to deliver."
He also wrote that while he and his wife, Cari Tuna, have previously voted for Democrats in presidential elections, this is the first time they endorsed a candidate and donated.
The move represents a sharp break with Asana and Facebook board member, Peter Thiel, a Trump delegate who spoke at the Republican National Convention and earlier this week published an op-ed in the Washington Post in support of the Republican nominee.
It's not the first time he's broken with his board member, or publicly criticized Trump. In June, in response to a BuzzFeed News inquiry, Moskovitz seemed to distance himself from Thiel's views, and disavowed Trump's comments on Muslims.
How Did This Get Made? #98
It's another special HDTGM All-Stars episode with guest co-hosts Rob Huebel & Chelsea Peretti as well as special guest John Flynn and they're talking all about Miley Cyrus & Demi Moore in LOL. Recorded LIVE at Largo in Los Angeles, they get into the family bathtub scene, how Demi Moore got involved in the movie, the original French version of the movie, and the web-camera that goes inside a raw chicken. Plus, we hear from the camera assistant who put the camera inside the chicken and what was cut from the editor in the film during audience Q&As!
Be sure to help Paul with The Sylvester Stallone Podcast (available at www.wolfpop.com) by asking Sylvester Stallone questions to askstallone@gmail.com!
Pick up your copy of Deadpool Bi-Annual #1 written by Paul & Nick Giovannetti at www.amazon.com or wherever comic books are sold!
Make sure to tune into the brand-new season of The League on Wednesday nights at 10pm over on FXX and check out The Hotwives of Orlando now over at www.hulu.com!
Also, check out Jason Mantzoukas in “They Came Together” on VOD, June Diane Raphael & Casey Wilson in ASS BACKWARDS for free on Netflix & HULU & Paul in OJ: The Musical available on VOD & iTunes! Don't forget to grab yourself a brand new HDTGM Daredevil T-shirt over at the Earwolf store and a copy of Paul's comic book Aliens Vs. Parker now available at www.amazon.com!
With the SVVR Conference and Expo underway in California, now is perhaps a timely opportunity to take a peek at what is being billed as an open-source competitor to the Oculus Rift.
Techcrunch, along with several other technology blogs / websites, covered the news a few days ago that a Chinese start-up, ANTVR Technology, is developing an open-source, cross-platform virtual reality gaming set, called the ANTVR kit.
The kit is said to be compatible with games designed for the Oculus Rift and with most PC and console platforms. It can connect to any device offering direct HDMI output, or via an HDMI adapter if no direct HDMI output is available. Supported systems include computers, games consoles, iOs devices, Android devices, and even Blu-ray players.
The new headset is currently a part of a Kickstarter campaign, which despite the backlash over the eventual acquisition of Oculus VR by Facebook, has already seen 450 people commit (at the time of writing) almost $170,000 of the $200,000 goal in just seven days, suggesting that if the rate of pledges is maintained, the ANTVR Kit could end-up going that same way as both Oculus VR and Technical Illusion's castAR, and exceeding its modest target by a good margin.
The headset unit has a 1920 x 1080 high definition, 1.03 megapixel per eye, display with a 4:3 ratio offering a 100-degree diagonal field-of-view. A dual aspherical lens arrangement is apparently included to help eliminate image distortion when projecting standard ratio images. Like the Oculus Rift, it has an internal 9-axis Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU) for head rotation and movement tracking, and it can be worn with prescription lens glasses.
A novel aspect of the headset is the inclusion of a “glance window”, a slide-up port on the front of the unit which can be pushed up to allow the wearer to re-orient themselves in the real world or their keyboard. While still not a real solution for those needing to use the keyboard and can't re-orient finger positions easily (no tactile indicators on F, J, and numeric pad 5, for example), it at least means the headset itself doesn't need to be pushed up to the forehead to see things.
Is it a Controller? Is it a Joystick? Is it a Gun? It's all Three – and more
A further interesting feature of the kit is the inclusion of the multi-function handset controller. When completely assembled, this forms a gun which can be used in first-person shooter games and the like. However, the “barrel” of the gun can be detached, and the “pistol grip” becomes a joystick, suitable for use with flight simulators, etc., or as a Wii-style controller. This further opens-out into a game controller handset.
A further unique aspect of the handset unit is that it also includes a 9-axis IMU, which tracks body movement and actions, allowing the wearer to control a degree of on-screen character movement via both head and body movement, and to simulate a range of actions (crouching, jumping, throwing a grenade…).
An additional WHDI unit can be added to the assembled handset (and is shown in the image above), allowing for a reported low-lag (less than 1ms) fully wireless gaming experience. The WHDI unit is not supplied as standard, but the company states it will offer it for $200.
As with the Oculus Rift, a software development kit (SDK) is to be made available with the ANTVR kit. The open-source nature of the kit means that there is potential for it to be used with a range of systems beyond those for which it initially supports.
“We wanted to make a gaming system that is universal, but it's very difficult to make your product compatible with every kind of gaming platform,” Qin Zheng, ANTVR Technology's founder, said in the Techcrunch report. “We've worked on making it compatible with Xbox, PC, and PlayStation, but there are many other gaming systems. If there are developers with other gaming systems or just device developers, they can choose to modify the firmware inside our hardware.”
The Kickstarter campaign is being run along very similar lines to the Oculus VR, up to and including an opportunity to visit the ANTVR Technology studios in Beijing for those willing to pay-out $5,000 (plus meeting their own airfares, etc.), which will also include guided tours of China's capital. For $270-$300, supporters get the ANTVR kit and other goodies, while for $470-$500, supporters get the kit with a WHDI wireless unit as well.Those offering less that $270 get to choose from other reward options. Qin hopes that following the kickstarter campaign, ANTVR Technology will be able to start shipping kits in September 2014.
The following promotional video examines the ANTVR kit, and shows it in use with the additional WHDI wireless adapter.
Related Links
Advertisements
Democrats will have to block the Pentagon's 2018 budget in September if they want to stop President Donald Trump's plan to extend the nation's border walls in 2018, say immigration reformers.
The border-wall funds were included in the Pentagon's 2018 budget by a House vote on July 27, leaving the 48 Senate Democrats as the only barrier to the construction of roughly 60 additional miles of walls and fencing.
“It puts them in the difficult position of voting against national defense in order to stop the improvement of the border wall … which is national defense,” said Mark Krikorian, director of the Center for Immigration Studies. “It is bad for them on both sides of the message — not only do they not want to protect the border, they are also willing to sacrifice soldiers in the field to not protect the borders,” he added.
“It seems like [House Speaker Paul] Ryan does deserve some credit — if he follows through… [but] we have to see what [GOP Senate Majority Leader Mitch] McConnell does,” said Krikorian.
“It will be difficult for [Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer] to explain why he is willing to hold up the defense budget hostage,” said Ira Mehlman, a spokesman for the Federation for American Immigration Reform.
“This [funding] is what the administration requested,” he added. Ryan “has got it in there, and you can bet there will be a fight in the Senate where it takes 60 votes to get anything to the floor,” he said.
The inclusion of border wall funding in the Pentagon budget also makes it more difficult for Democrats to demand a political payment for approval of the wall. Their proposed payment could be an amnesty for the 800,000 DACA illegals — but immigration reformers such as Krikorian want to delay any DACA amnesty until the Democrats agree to a major pro-American reform of the nation's immigration laws. That reform would include approval of Trump's proposed wage-boosting “RAISE Act.”
The spending bill, also known as the Make America Secure Appropriations Act, was passed by a vote of 235-192. According to the committee's statement:
The bill includes the full legislation and funding for four of the 12 annual Appropriations bills, including: the Department of Defense, Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, Energy and Water, and the Legislative Branch Appropriations bills. This funding extends through the entire 2018 fiscal year. The package also contains a portion of the Homeland Security Appropriations bill – approximately $1.6 billion, the full White House requested amount, for physical barrier construction on the Southern border. Appropriations Committee Chairman Rodney Frelinghuysen made the following statement on the legislation: “The primary Constitutional duty of the Congress is to ensure the safety of the homeland and the American people. This legislation is carefully crafted to fulfill that duty – funding our critical military priorities, supporting our veterans, and making our borders more secure. “This bill will help guarantee that we are prepared to meet any threat from anyone or anywhere – from China in the Pacific, to international terror groups like ISIS, al Qaeda, al Nusra, Al Shabab, Hezbollah and Hamas, to transnational drug smugglers and criminal gangs.
GOP leaders will have to keep the pressure on the Democrats if they want to get the border-wall funding, said Mehlman. Many Democratic groups oppose the wall, but multiple Democratic Senators are facing tough elections in 2018, and polls show that Trump's immigration and border policies are very popular when viewed as economic issues, he said.
Democratic Senators “facing rough [2018] reelections in purple states might not want to have to go home to explain [an anti-wall vote] to their constituents,” Mehlman said.
The cost of the wall will be quickly entirely offset by a reduction in the $100 billion bill that local, state and federal governments are required to spend each year on the nation's population of illegal immigrants, said Mehlman.
The border wall debate is complicated by the likely end in September of President Barack Obama's 2012 DACA amnesty for 800,000 younger illegal immigrants.
Democrats want Trump to sign legislation that will legally confirm the amnesty — perhaps in exchange for a year of wall funding. Trump's globalist aides likely would recommend signing the amnesty legislation if it helps them gain a big tax-cut bill.
Pro-American immigration reformers oppose any near-term DACA trade, saying Trump should concentrate on passing a comprehensive immigration reform in 2018 or 2019 which would trim the inflow of low-skill workers, streamline enforcement procedures, strengthen border defenses and require companies to exclude illegals from job applications.
Each year, the government also hands out almost 3 million short-term work permits to foreign workers. These permits include roughly 330,000 one-year OPT permits for foreign graduates of U.S. colleges, roughly 200,000 three-year H-1B visas for foreign white-collar professionals, and 400,000 two-year permits to DACA illegals.
The current annual flood of foreign labor spikes profits and Wall Street values by cutting salaries for manual and skilled labor offered by blue-collar and white-collar employees. It also drives up real estate prices, widens wealth-gaps, reduces high-tech investment, increases state and local tax burdens, hurts kids' schools and college education, pushes Americans away from high-tech careers, and sidelines at least 5 million marginalized Americans and their families.
Multiple business groups admit that Trump's popular RAISE Act immigration and economic reform would raise Americans' salaries.
Many polls show that Americans are very generous, they do welcome individual immigrants, and they do want to like the idea of immigration. But the polls also show that most Americans are increasingly worried that large-scale legal immigration will change their country and disadvantage themselves and their children. Trump's “Buy American, Hire American” policies are also extremely popular, including among Democratic-leaning voters.
Dual catalysts may be the key to efficiently turning carbon dioxide and water vapor into methane and other hydrocarbons using titania nanotubes and solar power, according to Penn State researchers.
Burning fossil fuels like oil, gas and coal release large amounts of carbon dioxide, a greenhouse gas, into the atmosphere. Rather than contribute to global climate change, producers could convert carbon dioxide to a wide variety of hydrocarbons, but this makes sense to do only when using solar energy.
"Recycling of carbon dioxide via conversion into a high energy-content fuel, suitable for use in the existing hydrocarbon-based energy infrastructure, is an attractive option, however the process is energy intense and useful only if a renewable energy source can be used for the purpose," the researchers note in a recent issue of Nano Letters.
Craig A. Grimes, professor of electrical engineering and his team used titanium dioxide nanotubes doped with nitrogen and coated with a thin layer of both copper and platinum to convert a mixture of carbon dioxide and water vapor to methane. Using outdoor, visible light, they reported a 20-times higher yield of methane than previously published attempts conducted in laboratory conditions using intense ultraviolet exposures.
The chemical conversion of water and carbon dioxide to methane is simple on paper -- one carbon dioxide molecule and two water molecules become one methane molecule and two oxygen molecules. However, for the reaction to occur, at least eight photons are required for each molecule.
"Converting carbon dioxide and water to methane using photocatalysis is an appealing idea, but historically, attempts have had very low conversion rates," said Grimes who is also a member of Penn State's Materials Research Institute. "To get significant hydrocarbon reaction yields requires an efficient photocatalyst that uses the maximum energy available in sunlight."
The team, which also included Oomman K. Varghese and Maggie Paulose, Materials Research Institute research scientists and Thomas J. LaTempa, graduate student in electrical engineering, used natural sunlight to test their nanotubes in a chamber containing a mix of water vapor and carbon dioxide. They exposed the co-catalyst sensitized nanotubes to sunlight for 2.5 to 3.5 hours when the sun produced between 102 and 75 milliwatts for each square centimeter exposed.
The researchers found that nanotubes annealed at 600 degrees Celsius and coated with copper yielded the highest amounts of hydrocarbons and that the same nanotubes coated with platinum actually yielded more hydrogen, while the copper coated nanotubes produced more carbon monoxide. Both hydrogen and carbon monoxide are normal intermediate steps in the process and as the building blocks of syngas, can be used to make liquid hydrocarbon fuels.
When the team used a nanotube array with about half the surface coated in copper and the other half in platinum, they enhanced the hydrocarbon production and eliminated carbon monoxide. The yield for these dual catalyst nanotubes was 163 parts per million hydrocarbons an hour for each square centimeter. The yield from titania nanotubes without either copper or platinum catalysts is only about 10 parts per million.
"If we uniformly coated the surface of the nanotube arrays with copper oxide, I think we could greatly improve the yield," said Grimes.
Grimes also found that lengthening the titanium dioxide tubes, which for other applications increases yield, does not improve results.
"We think that distribution of the sputtered catalyst nanoparticles is at the top surface of the nanotubes and not inside and that is why increased length does not improve the reaction," says Grimes.
Although all these experiments were done with nitrogen-doped titanium dioxide nanotubes, the researchers conclude that the nitrogen did not enhance the conversion of carbon dioxide to hydrocarbons. The catalysts, however, did shift the reaction from one that used only the energy in ultraviolet light to one that used other wavelengths of visible light and therefore more of the sun's energy.
The researchers are now working on converting their batch reactor into a continuous flow-through design that they believe will significantly increase yields.
The researchers have filed a provisional patent on this work.
Source: Penn State
Obamas Regulatory Deja Vu
Dude, Its Been Done, and It Flopped
President Obama, in his State of the Union address Tuesday night, was right to focus on the challenges the United States faces as domestic companies try to compete with low-cost global competitors. But he was wrong to suggest that the United States can win the future by getting Washington more involved in innovation and education.
As the president conceded elsewhere, Washington is, in fact, a big part of the problemwith high corporate tax rates and excessive regulation.
Just a week earlier in a Wall Street Journal article, the president elaborated on this, rhetorically declaring a truce with business and laying out the administrations strategy for moving toward a 21st-century regulatory system.
Mr. Obama said this new system would need to strike a balance between the innovativeness, job-creating capacity and robust growth produced by free markets and the responsibility of government to impose common-sense rules to protect the public. He called for a government-wide review of . . . rules already on the books, and said that careful consideration would be given to the costs and benefits of all pending regulations. But as Yogi Berra once said, This is like deja vu all over again.
Presidents Clinton and Reagan both signed executive orders requiring that proposed federal regulations be implemented only if their economic benefits exceeded the costs of complying with them. Reagan even established a branch within the Office of Management and Budgetthe Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs (OIRA)to make sure executive branch agencies complied. The executive orders by and large were ineffective.
In fact, the federal government has been expanding its control of the private economy since the 1890s, on the theory that vulnerable people must be protected from cradle to grave by an omniscient bureaucracy that knows whats best for them. The growth in regulation typically has been justified by analyses, prepared by the regulatory bureaus themselves, which grossly overstate regulations benefits and understate its costs.
Research by Vanderbilt Universitys W. Kip Viscusi has shown that the regulatory cost per life saved has ranged, in constant 1985 dollars, from $100,000the cost of requiring airbags in passenger vehiclesto $812.7 million, the cost of preventing a single premature death from exposure to wood-preserving chemicals.
As examples of his administrations common-sense approach to regulatory review, Mr. Obama touted a December 2010 Environmental Protection Agency decision to remove the artificial sweetener saccharin from its list of hazardous wastes (one can hear the sigh of relief from diet soft-drink consumers), the adoption of new fuel-economy standards for cars and trucks, and the Food and Drug Administrations supposedly implemented promise to streamline the approval process for new medical devices.
Unfortunately, Mr. Obamas enthusiastic embrace of far-reaching new federal regulations affecting the financial services and health care industries belie his self-styled conversion to common-sense, centrist politics.
There is no doubt that federal regulations are a mess: multiple departments and agencies, often working at cross-purposes, propose thousands of new rules and regulations each year. The compendium of these regulations, the Federal Register, now runs a mammoth 82,590 pages long.
According to an analysis by Nicole and Mark Crain of Lafayette College, published by the U.S. Small Business Administration last September, regulatory mandates already cost the economy some $1.75 trillion per year. For firms with fewer than 20 employees, the cost per employee was estimated at $10,585. And theres more to come, with some 195 new regulations in the pipeline.
Dont expect regulatory relief any time soon. The regulatory state is shaped by special-interest-group politics. Regulations rarely are adopted because consumers demand them or because they enhance societys welfare. Rather, as the now-deceased Nobel laureate George Stigler once famously observed, private firms often lobby for regulations that they believe will give them an advantage over their competitors.
Federal regulations are as responsible as anything for Americas lagging competitiveness. The solution is not another dose of regulatory review, but a curb of Washingtons regulatory powers.
Australian Wind Energy Sets New Record In July, Gas-Fired Generation Hits New Low
August 14th, 2015 by Guest Contributor
Wind energy generation on Australia's National Electricity Market achieved a new record in July, generating 1,067GWh for the month.
The new high, recorded in the latest quarterly report from Green Energy Markets, was mirrored by a new low for gas-fired generation, at 1,487GWh for the month; the lowest monthly level for more than two and a half years.
The report says that average wind energy capacity factor in July increased to 38.7 per cent (for pre-2013 plants) and 39.9 per cent including all wind farms.
The LGC price remained fairly stable over the month, closing out July at $52.00. It traded as high as $54.00 on 5 August.
Green Energy Markets says it expects another 0.7 million LGCs are yet to be created for the 2014 generation year, most of which will be for baseline hydro generators, mainly from Hydro Tasmania.
The report estimates that 16.6 million LGCs will be created for 2015 generation year.
Reprinted with permission.
Alexa, play RuneScape.
Fantasy role-playing gamemaker Jagex has created an exclusive audio adventure based on its popular RuneScape PC game for Amazon's Alexa voice-based intelligent personal assistant.
Jagex created a quest dubbed RuneScape Quests: One Piercing Note, which is an audio game based on a classic quest from the massively multiplayer online role-playing game. It is available now in the Skills (apps) section of the Alexa app for Amazon Echo, Echo Dot, and all Alexa-enabled devices in the U.S. and United Kingdom.
Cambridge, England-based Jagex created an interactive murder mystery, produced in partnership with Amazon, said Mark Ogilvie, the design director at Jagex Games Studio, in an interview with GamesBeat.
“This enabled our first-rate audio team to showcase their skills with voice acting and music,” Ogilvie said. “It's a new way of telling a story.”
The player becomes the voice of the courageous adventurer, tasked with solving a murder at the Abbey of St. Elspeth. The crime scene investigation soon takes a turn for the unusual as demonic dark secrets are uncovered in the seemingly serene abbey.
Players have to solve audio puzzles, investigate crime scenes, question suspects, and catch the killer.
The game takes full advantage of Alexa's A.I. machine learning, using its speech recognition and spoken language extraction to make interactions more conversational and directions more natural.
“The potential for voice-based experiences is endless, and RuneScape for Alexa demonstrates what's possible in immersive gameplay,” said Rob Pulciani, the director of Amazon Alexa, in a statement. “We've seen a great response to the voice-enabled games available on Alexa so far, and Jagex is taking it to a new level — bringing a flagship title to the Alexa service for the first time and creating a new, fun, and immersive way to experience a game that's already loved by millions of fans across the world.”
Ogilvie said he didn't know if the experiment will pay off, but he's anxious to see how fans engage with the adventure.
Established in 2001, Jagex Games Studio has been running RuneScape for more than 15 years. The game has been played by more than 250 million players, and more than 2 million still play every day. Jagex has more than 320 employees.
Get ready to squeeee because Denali National Park has launched its annual live sled dog puppycam featuring the park's latest litter : Lugnut, Story, Tracker, Topo, Steward, Nepa (the acronym for the National Environmental Policy Act), and Copter. Born in late August, the seven puppies were named with current park employees' suggestions and, so far, the newborn pups seem to be enjoying exploring their Denali play area. The kennel is bigger than previous years after a 2016 renovation, which means that sometimes the puppies might be out of view. But don't fear, they'll pop up in the viewfinder rolling around and traipsing over their playhouse soon enough.
While the litter is made up of some of the cutest puppies we've ever seen (who are we kidding, all dogs are adorable ), their training outside the kennel will start once they have grown a little bigger. As canine rangers, they provide the National Park Service with the most effective means to patrol the park's nearly 6 million acres during the long winter season. In fact, sled dogs are often the only form of transport for park rangers and officials, as the park prohibits motor vehicles off the single 92-mile road that runs through Denali.
Loading View on Instagram
Watching these pups grow up over the fall will be a constant source of entertainment, but you can actually go and visit Denali's sled dogs on any trip to the park. There are three more fee-free day left in 2017, so consider planning your trip aroundNational Public Lands Day (September 30) or Veteran's Day Weekend (November 11 and 12) to access the park for free. The entrance fee is usually $10 per person. Other pets aren't allowed and your best chance to see all of the sled dogs is in the summer or fall, as they'll likely be out on the job during the winter and spring months. Fall in love? You can adopt one of the veteran huskies after they've served nine years on the job. Did someone say Traveler mascot?
This article has been updated with the newest litter's information.
Necessity is the mother of invention, or so the (historically difficult to attribute) saying goes. In one famous case, however, necessity had passed, and the parent of this particular invention was remorse or, perhaps, the hope that nothing of the sort would happen again. That invention? The Morse telegraph.
Samuel Morse was born in 1791 in Charlestown, Massachusetts. His father, a Calvinist pastor, invested in his education at a young age, and Samuel ended up attending Yale University, from which he graduated in 1810. During his time at Yale, Samuel Morse painted; his paintings were so good, he was able to sell many as a way to earn a living while studying. After graduation, he was invited to continue his studies — as an artist — at the Royal Academy of Art in London. His first great work, Dying Hercules (seen above), was the first of many which would establish him as a budding superstar in the art world at the time.
By 1816 he was invited to paint a portrait of former president John Adams (seen here) and in 1825, the city of New York commissioned him to create one of Marie Joseph Paul Yves Roche Gilbert du Motier, better known as the Marquis de Lafayette. That painting was an honor for Morse, and it paid well — $1,000, or nearly $20,000 in today's equivalent — but it turned out to be a curse of sorts as well.
While Morse was in Washington, D.C. painting Lafayette's portrait, his wife and mother of their three children, Lucretia, fell ill. But Lucretia was back in New Haven, Connecticut, where Morse then lived. Morse's father sent him a message — per Wikipedia, the entirety of the message was “Your dear wife is convalescent.” But the message came by horse, and by the time it reached Morse and he could get back to New Haven, it was too late. Lucretia had died and was already buried.
Over the next decade, Morse would slowly transition from a life as an artist to one as an innovator in the world of electromagnetism. According to About.com, in 1832, while traveling back from Europe, he found himself in a conversation about the alacrity with which electrical signals travel over wires. He soon realized that this could be used as a way to send messages, in real-time, over long distances — a solution which would prevent other husbands from falling the same fate he did with his late wife. By 1837, he had developed the telegraph, and with his unheralded assistant Alfred Vail, Morse Code. (This telegraph was not the first, however; British inventors created similar devices a few months before Morse did. But Morse did invent his independently and without knowledge of the others.)
On January 11, 1838, the Morse sent the first telegram in the United States, over a two mile long wire in New Jersey. By December of that year, he gave up painting altogether, focusing on his new invention. He would spend the next decade travelling around the United States and Europe, demonstrating his invention, obtaining various patents, raising capital for the expansion of telegraph wires, and promoting the development of infrastructure for its use.
Bonus fact : In 1845, Morse's invention finally achieved its intended purpose — getting a message to the intended recipient when time was of the essence. A woman named Sarah Hart was found murdered in her home in the UK town of Slough, outside of London. The assumed culprit was a man named John Tawell, a married man with whom she was having an affair. Tawell fled by train to London, and would have likely escaped — except that authorities used Morse's invention to send a message ahead, describing the accused. Tawell was apprehended, convicted, and ultimately, hanged; he is widely considered to be the first criminal apprehended due to advancements in telecommunications.
From the Archives: Senior Citizen: Why Lafayette's American legacy will last for generations — guaranteed by the state of Maryland.
Related: A Morse Code box kit.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Donald Trump bought the Turnberry golf course in Ayrshire in 2014
US President Donald Trump has suggested that Scottish independence would be "terrible", voicing fears about the future of the Open golf championship.
In an interview with the Wall Street Journal, Mr Trump pondered whether Scotland would "go for the vote".
He said that this "would be terrible", adding: "They just went through hell."
The president then noted that "they'd no longer have the British Open" golf championship, saying: "Scotland. Keep it in Scotland."
SNP MP Angus MacNeil suggested that Mr Trump's comments would actually be a boost for the cause, writing on Twitter: "Goodness, Scottish independence must have a whole raft of new global supporters as Donald Trump says 'bad'."
Mr Trump's interview with the Wall Street Journal, a transcript of which was released by Politico, also discussed the UK's prospects of securing a trade deal with the US after Brexit.
Having been asked about "trade talks with Britain", the president is noted as saying: "We're going to be very involved with the UK. I mean, you don't hear the word Britain any more. It's very interesting. It's like, nope."
'Reset timetable'
He then changed tack to ask: "Is Scotland going to go for the vote, by the way? You don't see it. It would be terrible. They just went through hell."
The newspaper's editor-in-chief Gerard Baker interjected that "the first minister's already made it clear she..." before Mr Trump interrupted.
The president then added: "One little thing, what would they do with the British Open if they ever got out? They'd no longer have the British Open.
"Scotland. Keep it in Scotland."
Mr Trump then asked Mr Baker if he was "a member there", before embarking on a discussion of golf, including the prospects of 2017 Open champion Jordan Spieth.
The tournament is scheduled to be held in Carnoustie in Angus in 2018. Other active venues in Scotland include the Old Course at St Andrews, Muirfield, Royal Troon and Turnberry, the latter course having been bought by Mr Trump in 2014. He visited the course during his presidential campaign.
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has put plans for a second referendum on Scottish independence on hold after announcing a "reset" of her proposed timetable.
However, she has said it remains "likely" that a vote will be held by 2021, stressing that she is "strongly committed" to Scots having a choice on their future at the end of the Brexit process.
WATERFORD, Mich. -- One of Ryan McDonald's last wishes was to be cremated so he could always be near his mother.
The 12-year-old boy had battled a rare cell disorder since he was a year old. He died in 2007. For the past four years, his mother, Wendy Turnquist, has kept his remains in an urn on her bedroom dresser in the family's Waterford home.
She was devastated Friday when she discovered it was gone, the only item taken during a burglary.
"I lost it," said Turnquist, 42. "We had valuables, they weren't touched. … I had men's gold rings, could have easily been taken to be sold for gold."
Dave Turnquist, Ryan's stepfather, had arrived home early from work and discovered the side door window was broken and bedroom dressers were ransacked, Wendy Turnquist said. She said nothing appeared to be taken until she noticed that a medal Ryan received for being an outstanding citizen was on the floor. The medal had been on top of the urn.
"We've been checking along the sides of the road, I mean, anywhere we could think of where somebody would dump it," she said. "If somebody just thought that it was going to be worth something because it was heavy, it was metal and then they found out it wasn't valuable to them. … It's priceless to me. Maybe they just put it somewhere."
Dave Turnquist, 46, said his wife has suffered enough over the years and that the theft is sickening.
"Doors can be replaced, stuff can be replaced," he said. "That was the last thing my wife has in regards to her 12-year-old son. Turn the remains in. … What would that person think if that was their grandmother that that happened to?"
Waterford Police Chief Daniel McCaw said the investigation is ongoing, and police are conducting interviews about the theft.
"It appears that someone may have known the family because that was the only thing that was stolen," McCaw said. "If you think about it, why would someone just take that only?"
Terry McDonald, Wendy Turnquist's ex-husband and Ryan's father, said he is torn up about the theft and wishes the person who took the urn would just return his son.
"This was our child. This was all we had left of his memory," said McDonald, 47, of Flint. "The ashes were going to go to his younger brother after we passed. It kills me to think that he's in some trash or dump somewhere."
The urn is stainless steel -- it has four picture frames on each side with photos of Ryan and a psalm. McCaw said a $1,000 reward is being offered for information on its whereabouts that leads to the arrest and conviction of the person or people responsible for its theft.
"They could leave (the ashes) on my front doorstep, I don't care," Wendy Turnquist said. "When he passed away, he was going to get cremated so that he could be with me because I was kind of his life, and he was kind of my life."
My club has recently started looking at the works of George Silver, as interpreted by Stephen Hand. Right now the class is focused heavily the theory and philosophy of fencing rather than the mechanical aspects. Here are my personal notes from the discussions we had during the first class.
In Silver's philosophy, there are four actions of an attack. I question the word “action”, as I think moments of time, tempi if you will, is a better term.
Bent: The first action isn't really movement at all, but rather a position. Silver calls it bent, an apt term for being prepared for the cut, but he is just as happy to use that term to mean being prepared for a thrust.
Spent: A cut (or thrust) is considered to be spent when the attack is completed and the sword has reached its destination. Though a position, one may think of it an action to
Lying Spent: It seems that Silver distinguishes between an attack that has reached its natural destination and one that has been interrupted. This interruption can be from either a parry or the attack striking the opponent. Either way, as long as you lay spent you are particularly vulnerable.
Drawing Back: This is the only one of the four actions that is explicitly an action. It is act of pulling back the sword after a thrust or cut so that you transition from spent or lying spent back to bend.
Hand makes note that you do not necessarily go through all four actions with every attack. If, for example, your cut completely misses you can go directly from spent to drawing back without spending any time laying spent. Furthermore, at the completion of a descending cut you can turn the hand so that you skip from spent to bent for a rising without the need for drawing back.
Advertisements
Oh, where to begin with Zack Kassian? The hulking forward has been much maligned since being dealt to Vancouver from Buffalo in the now infamous Cody Hodgson trade, battling issues with discipline and consistency, as well as struggling to earn ice time under two consecutive Canucks head coaches. Still, despite his perceived on-ice struggles, Zack Kassian managed to solidify himself as a good NHL hockey player under John Tortorella.
Kassian was buried in the defensive zone, saw little in terms of powerplay time, and was saddled with Brad Richardson at even strength, but still managed to lead the Canucks in rate scoring and carry positive possession numbers. Will he continue his growth this year, and perhaps earn himself the trust of new head coach of Willie Desjardins?
Read past the jump for more.
2013-2014 Performance
All things considered, Zack Kassian really wasn't bad last season. The big winger finished with 29 points, 28 of which came at 5-on-5. For a guy playing 3rd line minutes, this is actually a really, really good total. In fact, his ES points/60 of 1.91 was tied for 1st on Vancouver with the now departed Mike Santorelli, and good for 73rd in the entire NHL.
To put this into perspective, there are, by definition, 90 1st line forwards in the NHL at any one given time. Kassian's scoring rate was consistent with that of a low-end 1st line winger, and was the same as Brandon Saad, David Perron, Reilly Smith, Ryan O'Reilly, and James van Reimsdyk – some pretty good company for a guy who's “struggled” at times.
Moreover, Zack Kassian was a positive possession player while seeing just a 43.5% offensive zone start rate, which was among the lowest zone start rates among regular Canucks forwards. Playing with Brad Richardson also didn't help Kassian's possession game as evidenced by the WOWYs, but some of this may have been deployment or variance driven too.
What may hurt Zack Kassian this year is that he seemed to have some nice chemistry with David Booth, who's now back on the IR in Toronto. The two combined to control nearly 54% of the shot attempts while they were together, and produced some nice offensive sequences near the end of 2013-14 as well. All in all, given the circumstances that surrounded him, Kassian had a very promising 2013-2014 and looks primed to assume a larger role.
2014-2015 Outlook
A lot of Zack Kassian's success this upcoming season will depend on how new head coach Willie Desjardins uses him. John Tortorella never really gave him a legitimate shot in the top-6, as evidenced by being stapled to Brad Richardson's hip last year, and stylistically, Zack Kassian just looks more like a playmaker than a guy that's gonna bull rush to the net and score 20 goals.
With Radim Vrbata, the secretly effective Jannik Hansen, and the newly acquired Linden Vey likely patrolling the right wing, along with Nicklas Jensen who's had a promising preseason, competition for the spot that Kassian seems most suited to play is at an all-time high. Personally, I'd think that Kassian's numbers indicate that he's the most deserving of the #2 RW spot right now, but for whatever reason, coaches just seem to be far too focused on stuff Kassian doesn't do to give him that type of responsibility.
Kassian could, in theory, be a good fit with an ultra-high volume shooter like Radim Vrbata if Vrbata moves to his off wing, but a play driver and defensive ace like Alex Burrows should be a nice compliment too. Once again though, the Canucks may find it difficult to find a centre to make use of Kassian's talents. A guy with a nose for the net like Mathieu Perreault seemed like the ideal pivot for Kassian, but Perreault signed with Winnipeg in free agency, and neither Nick Bonino nor Linden Vey look to be that type of player. Maybe 21-year old Bo Horvat is that guy, but unfortunately Bo Horvat is just 19 this year, and probably not ready for full-time top-6 NHL duty.
What matters most though is that Zack Kassian has proven that he's a good middle-6 winger, and capable of producing offense at even strength. He should be able to build on last season given a bigger role; it's just a matter of whether or not he'll be afforded that opportunity.
55 to life for killing Biletnikoff's daughter
Former Oakland Raider great Fred Biletnikoff (left) his son Fred Biletnikoff, Jr. (middle), and wife Angela Biletnikoff (right) outside of the courthouse in Redwood City, Calif., on Thursday, March 15, 2012. Mohammed Haroon Ali, 36, was found guilty today for strangling his girlfriend Tracey Biletnikoff (Fred Biletnikoff's daughter) in February 1999. less Former Oakland Raider great Fred Biletnikoff (left) his son Fred Biletnikoff, Jr. (middle), and wife Angela Biletnikoff (right) outside of the courthouse in Redwood City, Calif., on Thursday, March 15, 2012. ... more Photo: Liz Hafalia, The Chronicle Photo: Liz Hafalia, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close 55 to life for killing Biletnikoff's daughter 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
The man convicted of killing former Oakland Raiders wide receiver Fred Biletnikoff's daughter has been sentenced to 55 years to life in prison.
Mohammed Haroon Ali, 37, was convicted of first-degree murder by a San Mateo County jury in March. It was the second time he had been found guilty of the 1999 slaying. His first conviction was thrown out on appeal.
Superior Court Judge Barbara Mallach sentenced Ali on Thursday at a hearing in Redwood City.
Ali strangled girlfriend Tracey Biletnikoff, 20, at Project Ninety, a drug treatment program in San Mateo. When they met two years earlier, Ali was on probation for kidnapping and threatening to kill a former fiancee after she called off their wedding.
He and Tracey Biletnikoff were described as model recovering addicts who counseled younger peers, but District Attorney Steve Wagstaffe said Ali had relapsed.
When Tracey Biletnikoff confronted him about it on Feb. 15, 1999, Ali used his hands and a T-shirt to strangle her, prosecutors said. He dumped her body near Cañada College in Redwood City and fled to Mexico. He was caught coming back over the border.
Ali was found guilty of murder in 2001, but a federal appeals court overturned his conviction in 2009, ruling that the prosecutor had removed at least one black juror for racial reasons. Ali remained in custody as prosecutors sought a new conviction.
His attorney, Peter Goldscheider, maintained that Ali had never intended to kill Biletnikoff, but had done so in a drug-crazed fury. He argued that Ali was guilty of involuntary manslaughter, not first-degree murder.
The Official Neopets Magazine
From the fall of 2003 through January of 2008, Beckett Media published bimonthly issues of the Neopets Magazine. Each issue contained game guides, merch checklists, stories, comics, and more. Below is an archive of each issue.
Many thanks go to pikachu315111 for meticulously scanning each issue.
Issue 1
« Previous Page Issue: Issue 1 Issue 2 Issue 3 Issue 4 Issue 5 Issue 6 Issue 7 Issue 8 Issue 9 Issue 10 Issue 11 Issue 12 Issue 13 Issue 14 Issue 15 Issue 16 Issue 17 Issue 18 Issue 19 Issue 20 Issue 21 Issue 22 Issue 23 Issue 24 Issue 25 Issue 26 Page: Page 1-Page 2-Page 3-Page 4-Page 5-Page 6-Page 7-Page 8-Page 9-Page 10-Page 11-Page 12-Page 13-Page 14-Page 15-Page 16-Page 17-Page 18-Page 19-Page 20-Page 21-Page 22-Page 23-Page 24-Page 25-Page 26-Page 27-Page 28-Page 29-Page 30-Page 31-Page 32-Page 33-Page 34-Page 35-Page 36-Page 37-Page 38-Page 39-Page 40-Page 41-Page 42-Page 43-Page 44-Page 45-Page 46-Page 47-Page 48-Page 49-Page 50-Page 51-Page 52-Page 53-Page 54-Page 55-Page 56-Page 57-Page 58-Page 59-Page 60-Page 61-Page 62-Page 63-Page 64-Page 65-Page 66-Page 67-Page 68-Page 69-Page 70-Page 71-Page 72-Page 73-Page 74-Page 75-Page 76-Page 77-Page 78-Page 79-Page 80 Next Page »
This page was written by pikachu315111 and Rylon and last updated on January 3, 2019.
The present academic publishing system obstructs the free communication of research findings. By erecting paywalls, commercial publishers prevent scientists from downloading research papers unless they pay substantial fees. Libraries similarly pay huge amounts (up to £1m or more per annum) to give their readers access to online journals.
There is general agreement that free and open access to scientific knowledge is desirable. The way this might be achieved has come to the fore in recent debates about the future of scientific and scholarly journals.
The announcement by the UK government's universities and science minister, David Willetts, of free access to all publicly funded research findings, Jimmy Wales's appointment as a government adviser and Dame Janet Finch's working group set up to advise on open access, all reflect the importance of this issue. Nevertheless, we have a real concern that the process of opening up academic publication may exclude some key interests as a result of the methods used to achieve it.
Our concern lies with the major proposed alternative to the current system. Under this arrangement, authors are expected to pay when they submit papers for publication in online journals: the so-called "article processing cost" (APC). The fee can amount to anything between £1,000 and £2,000 per article, depending on the reputation of the journal. Although the fees may sometimes be waived, eligibility for exemption is decided by the publisher and such concessions have no permanent status and can always be withdrawn or modified.
The APC approach is increasingly favoured by funding bodies such as the Wellcome Trust. These funding bodies make provision in academic research grants to pay for publication charges for the research they fund.
A major problem with the APC model is that it effectively shifts the costs of academic publishing from the reader to the author and therefore discriminates against those without access to the funds needed to meet these costs. Among those excluded are academics in, for example, the humanities and the social sciences whose research funding typically does not include publication charges, and independent researchers whose only means of paying the APC is from their own pockets. Academics in developing countries in particular face discrimination under APC because of their often very limited access to research funds.
Not only is APC discriminatory, but within a finite research funding budget its costs are likely to be met from funds otherwise available for the research itself, thereby potentially penalising the whole research community.
There is another approach that could be implemented for a fraction of the cost of commercial publishers' current journal subscriptions. "Access for all" (AFA) journals, which charge neither author nor reader, are committed to meeting publishing costs in other ways. We have been involved with the funding of a journal, Longitudinal and Life Course Studies (LLCS), which is free for authors and readers, and was initially established with the support of a three-year development grant from the Nuffield Foundation. We don't benefit financially from the journal, and the editorial and reviewing services are supplied free.
The costs for an AFA journal include copy-editing, layout, editorial meetings and journal management, including the peer review process, together with website hosting charges and publishing software support. For LLCS these amount to about £15,000 per year for three issues and are met with the help of the Society for Longitudinal and Lifecourse Studies, independent research centres and a nominal readership registration fee.
How can AFA be encouraged? We propose that university libraries set aside some of their journal acquisition funds, currently paid to commercial publishers through bulk arrangements, in the form of grant aid to support new or existing AFA journals. Allocations would take account of the many years it can take to build the readership and submissions base on which the journals' reputation and future viability will depend. Governance details would need to be decided and ideally would involve library consortia, universities, learned societies and research funders.
What we need is some clear thinking about how online publishing should develop. In particular we strongly urge the Finch working group to give serious attention to the alternative AFA strategy for journal funding and for Willetts to adopt it within his vision for open access.
We are not advocating a sudden major shift to this form of publication, rather a funding regime that would encourage its growth and explore how it might best be managed. Such a publication model would not only be cost-efficient, we believe that it would also find greater acceptance within the academic community as a legitimate return on the editorial and refereeing resources that are currently provided for free.
John Bynner is emeritus professor of social sciences in education, Institute of Education, University of London. Harvey Goldstein is professor of social statistics, University of Bristol
''Such requests will be addressed on their merits, and any rule changes would follow the same process as being followed here,'' the proposal reads. ''It is also possible at some point that the N.P.S. may consider doing a more generic rulemaking on the subject,'' it adds.
Jeffrey Ruch, the executive director of Public Employees for Environmental Responsibility, a private group representing 10,000 federal and state conservation workers, said a survey by his organization of more than 40 large parks last spring found that half had received requests or demands from tribes for hunting rights.
''It may be Wupatki today, but it's likely to be Yellowstone tomorrow,'' Mr. Ruch said.
In a telephone interview, officials at Olympic National Park in Washington confirmed the trend and said it certainly applied to their park, which has seven tribes along its boundaries that have been seeking to hunt elk and other wildlife.
Hunting and trapping is banned in national parks and national monuments but is permitted on a limited basis in some national recreation areas and on other federal lands if specifically authorized by Congress.
The critics, including conservation and animal rights groups and some department officials, say that it should be up to Congress, not agency officials, to authorize any expanded taking of wildlife in the park system.
They say that they respect the Hopis' traditions but that baby golden eagles should be collected somewhere other than the Wupatki monument, northeast of Flagstaff, which was established in 1924 to protect pueblo ruins and scenic mesas and to serve as a wildlife sanctuary.
Patricia L. Parker, the chief of the American Indian liaison office of the park service, stressed that the rule was a work in progress, and that even when it is published in the Federal Register -- possibly as early as the middle of November -- ''the whole purpose is to hear what the public thinks.''
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
''We will wait to form an opinion,'' she said.
Dr. Parker, who is an anthropologist, said that the issues are agonizingly complex, but that the park service must find ways to mesh preservation of natural resources with preservation of cultural riches.
''This is about the ancient needs of a Hopi clan to practice their religion as part of the survival of their culture,'' Dr. Parker said. ''When you put that in the context of a national park, you raise some very complex issues.''
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The issues arose early last year, when several Hopis entered the monument to gather eagles, presenting a general federal permit allowing them to collect 40 hatchling golden eagles or red-tailed hawks.
They were turned back by park rangers and the monument superintendent, who said that the permit did not apply to a national monument or park, where taking of wildlife is prohibited except for research contributing to preservation of a species.
Leigh J. Kuwanwisiwma, director of the Hopi Cultural Preservation Office, then issued a statement complaining that park officials were not respecting the rights of the Indians whose ancestors built the 900-year-old red-rock settlements now frequented by tourists.
''On one hand,'' he said, ''they eloquently preach about their relationships and partnership with the Hopi Tribe and on the other hand, they systematically interfere with and prevent practice of Hopi religion.''
The Hopis complained to Bruce Babbitt, the secretary of the interior, who said he favored a loosening of the park rules, at least in this case, and asked the department's solicitor general to explore a change.
Mr. Babbitt was traveling on Friday and yesterday and was not available, a spokesman said.
Golden eagles are relatively plentiful in the United States, but they are protected under a law intended to protect American bald eagles.
The process of drafting the rule has created rifts in the department, the parks agency, and in private conservation groups, all of which have been struggling to find ways to balance Indian rights and wildlife laws.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
''We have a tradition of working very closely with Native Americans, who for years have been environmental allies,'' said Rosalyn Fennell, the director of national parks programs at the Wilderness Society, a private conservation group. ''I can think of no other issue we've worked on recently that has caused this level of emotion.''
She said she was hopeful that any final rule would be strictly limited to the Hopis. ''But if this portends the opening of the floodgates, where any tribe with ancestral connection to any part of a national park can take some animal, we are going to look at each case and will vigorously oppose any where we think there is no strong connection.''
One park service official involved with the Wupatki decision, who spoke only on condition of anonymity, said he was ''troubled'' by some of the language in the draft but was confident that the intent was to restrict permission to the Hopis.
''It's a can of worms,'' he said. ''In the end, it'll have to be battled out in the courts, like most things.''
Other park service officials noted that the issue could be moot in any case, at least for the Wupatki monument. Some of the longstanding nesting sites -- and eagle gathering sites -- have not been used by eagles in recent years, possibly because so many tourists visit nearby ruins.
Mar 21, 2015; Oakland, CA, USA; Utah Jazz guard Rodney Hood (5) scores a basket ahead of Golden State Warriors guard Andre Iguodala (9) against Golden State Warriors center Festus Ezeli (31) with Utah Jazz center Rudy Gobert (27) during the second quarter at Oracle Arena. Mandatory Credit: Kelley L Cox-USA TODAY Sports
By all accounts, Utah Jazz wing Rodney Hood had a pretty successful rookie campaign in 2014-15. After falling prey to plantar fasciitis for much of the season's first half, the former Duke Blue Devil rebounded to become a scoring machine for the Jazz.
Not one to rest on his laurels, Hood is already hard at work at IMG Academy in Bradenton, Florida. His objective: to remain in game shape throughout the summer.
Jazz swingman Rodney Hood is back in the gym – wants to stay in game shape pic.twitter.com/48h7OF6HzN — Steve Kyler (@stevekylerNBA) May 7, 2015
Over the course of the season's final two months, Hood looked the part of a bona fide starter in the NBA. In 21 games during March and April, Hood averaged 13 points per game on 47-percent from the floor overall and 39-percent from three-point range.
The swingman also averaged 2.3 rebounds, 2.3 assists and one steal per contest in that span. He was especially effective in the month of April; Hood beat out Andrew Wiggins for Rookie of the Month honors to close out the season.
However, with the impending return of regular starter Alec Burks next season, as well as a year's worth of scouting for opposing teams to use against him, Hood will have to take things to another level to stay on the floor and remain effective.
For his part, the six-foot-seven sharpshooter seems equal to the challenge. According to Alex Kennedy of Basketball Insiders, Hood is currently doing two-a-days at IMG:
Utah's Rodney Hood isn't taking time off. He's already doing two-a-days at @IMGAcademy because he wants to stay in game shape all summer. — Alex Kennedy (@AlexKennedyNBA) May 8, 2015
Jonathan Givony of DraftExpress also reported on Hood doing yoga:
Another day at IMG. Watched the young guys (Jonathan Isaac [!]) then yoga w/ Satnam Singh, Chris Walker, Rodney Hood and @michaelablett23. — Jonathan Givony (@DraftExpress) April 29, 2015
It's great to see a young player display such an incredible work ethic. With continued development from Hood, as well as the return of a healthy Burks, the wing spot could go from a position lacking depth to an area of strength for the Jazz next season.
This roomscale VR experience lets you make out with a 10-mouthed alien in an intergalactic tavern, plain and simple :)
Make out with as many glowing lips as you can before time runs out! Some require tenderness while others require rapid pecks. Will your passion be enough to impress?
Initially created in 48 hours for the Boston VR Jam using experimental VR hardware from Valve, which would eventually lead to the amazing HTC Vive. It was later presented at the Boston Festival of Indie Games in 2014, taking the award for Best Single Player Game. We're now releasing a port for modern VR headsets like the HTC Vive and Oculus Rift.
The latest version has improved music, fx, and a few new "mechanics". We're also bringing you the choice of two alien partners to appeal to your personal taste in, uh, aliens. No judgements if you sample both of them, in fact, we recommend it!
Requirements
Any SteamVR compatible VR headset like the HTC Vive or Oculus Rift
Around 1.5m x 1.5m of standing space
Meet the minimum system requirements for your headset
A copy of Steam with SteamVR installed
Credits
Mike Mandel
Devon Newsom
Dawn Rivers
Ben Taylor
Shawn Witt
Untitled
By Jenny Zhang
Daddy issues have been coming up a lot lately for us, as a nation. I'm surely not the only one to notice we employ metaphors to make sense of the news. I always like to take note of who hides their origins and who shows them off. How do we form a coalition of resistance without obliterating our differences? Not all lives matter and we are not all the same immigrants. Rage can be so common it turns ambient. I'm drawn to the figure of the ungrateful subaltern as a trope in literature. In real life, it is often dangerous to demand more. While writing this poem, I indulged my pettiness, and in revising, I did my best to pull back.
Jenny Zhang is the author of the chapbook “Hags” and the poetry collection “Dear Jenny, We Are All Find.” Her debut story collection, “Sour Heart,” has just been published.
Programmer and Technical Writer
If you have an interest in programming languages and writing code, learn about coding and start writing API documentation.
With the emphasis on the customer-centric approach that is now prevalent, more companies have begun to expose their software code through APIs (Application Programming Interfaces) to enable the customization of their products. In some cases, customers pay additional charges to purchase and customize a product's code. For customers to be able to tweak an application's code to suit their organization's needs, they require reference materials that enable them to understand the code. Thus, the companies providing APIs for their code must create references describing the code to which their customers can refer. If you have an interest in programming languages and writing code, learn about coding and start writing API documentation.
Having programming skills can enable you to write sample applications that demonstrate specific technologies or show how an API works, without your having to depend on developers. While your job might not require you to develop applications, you may occasionally need to write sample code to show how a particular piece of code works, research and understand the features or functions of an application or solution, and translate that knowledge into written documentation.
As a technical writer who has programming skills, you can develop API documentation to which your customers' developers refer when customizing your product. You'll be engaged in writing technical references, API guides, and documenting programming techniques, as well as writing sample code. While technical writers do not require programming skills to excel in their work, gaining such skills always gives you an edge over other writers.
Analyst and Technical Writer
As a technical writer, you already function as an analyst about 90% of the time. You gather requirements, then analyze and prioritize them.
If you are less than enthusiastic about learning programming, you can instead sharpen your analyst skills. As a technical writer, you already function as an analyst about 90% of the time. You gather requirements, then analyze and prioritize them. Sometimes, when you get the opportunity to use a product, you also point out necessary improvements and errors. As a technical writer who is also an analyst, you document or define business processes. You may also perform functional testing to ensure that the software satisfies all requirements. You should also be aware of ITIL (Information Technology Infrastructure Library) practices.
As an analyst, you must develop thorough knowledge about a product, be able to analyze current processes, propose changes that would improve usability and functionality, and review processes to ensure the correctness of their implementation in code. You may also be responsible for developing requirements documentation and coordinating requirements walkthroughs and signoffs, verifying with stakeholders that the information captured in the requirements accurately portrays their business needs. By enhancing your analytical skills, you can function as both a technical writer and an analyst.
Blogger and Technical Writer
As a blogger, you'll not only be responsible for writing the content, but must also have skills that enable you to manage blogging communities and requests for guest posts….
The times are changing. The traditional ways of providing product information are taking a back seat to social media and blogging. Because social media influence customers' buying patterns, more and more organizations are turning toward blogging. Blogging on social media or your company's Web site has become a more effective way of advertising products and providing product information. Moreover, blogs are more interactive than traditional methods of marketing.
As a blogger, you'll not only be responsible for writing the content, but must also have skills that enable you to manage blogging communities and requests for guest posts, as well as analyze Web-analytics data to gauge the content's performance. Plus, you must become adept at search engine optimization, writing content in a way that it gets more pageviews. If you have a creative streak, this may be the perfect combination for you.
The European EU-LIVE consortium unveiled a new L5e-category electrified mobility solution. Positioned between the two-wheel and four-wheel segments, it is equipped with a plug-in hybrid electric vehicle powertrain, two electric in-wheel motors and a petrol internal combustion engine.
The L5e denomination refers to the 3 wheels' vehicles one can use at a speed above 50km/h (31 mph) and on any road.
In leading the research and manufacturing phases for the new demonstration vehicle, Groupe PSA has expanded its design expertise beyond the automotive industry.
Thanks to its silhouette and hybrid technology, the new EU-LIVE electrified mobility solution can be used on all roads and offers drivers a wide array of benefits:
– Suited to both roads and motorways, all it requires is a driving licence.
– Its tilting mechanism offers superior handling, making the vehicle as easy to drive as a three-wheel scooter. This and the roll-control technology account for more than half of the 13 patents filed by Groupe PSA. The system notably makes use of hydraulic components and hydropneumatic suspension.
– The vehicle runs in zero-emission mode at speed of up to 70 kilometres per hour (43 mph) using two rear electric in-wheel motors, developed by 2 consortium partners Elaphe and Brembo. The 48-volt electric battery – designed by Samsung SDI – can be recharged using regenerative braking technology. When driving on inter-urban roads at speeds of between 70 and 130 kilometres per hour (43-70 mph), the PEUGEOT SCOOTER 31-kilowatt single-cylinder petrol engine takes over the propulsion. The light vehicle has a total range of 300 kilometres (186 miles) and a top speed of 130 kilometres per hour (70 mph).
The vehicle's small footprint (2.4 metres x 0.85 metres) and rotating doors facilitate perpendicular parking and free up road space. As well as an enclosed, heated cabin, the vehicle also features seatbelts and an airbag, making helmets, gloves, waterproof jackets and other protective gear unnecessary.
One of the EU-LIVE consortium's main aims is to develop common powertrains that can be used for a variety of L-category vehicles in order to achieve economies of scale.
“Groupe PSA has committed to protecting individual freedom of movement. EU-LIVE is an illustrative example of it. This new electrified light vehicle allows an individual, safe and sustainable mobility thanks to its zero-emission mode. We are proud to take part in this European project with all our partners” declared Carla Gohin, Senior Vice President, Research and Advanced Engineering.
[source: EU-LIVE
So you have decided to try out polyamory, but where do you begin? There are definitely some places to meet fellow polyamory people that are easier than others. Trying to meet polyamorous or poly-friendly people at bars has been an absolute bust. I have been a lot more successful on online sites where you can search for people who are poly-friendly.
Meeting polyamorous people is hard at first, but the more friends or partners you have the more people you meet. So don't get discouraged! Here are some ideas to get you started:
1. OKCupid
OKCupid is starting to add features that make it easier to meet other polyamory people. For example, if you happen to have a hierarchical relationship style you can add your primary partner to your profile.
When looking for matches you can sort people based on whether they are monogamous or not.
You can also search OKCupid based on people's answers to specific questions such as “Would you consider being in an open relationship?”
2. Meetup groups
As of right now all the lovely partners I have I met from the polyamorous Meetup group I run. In my opinion, Meetup is the easiest way to meet poly people. If they are members of the group you know that are at least poly-friendly. Unlike online dating, you can talk to them and meet them in person before deciding if you want to dedicate an entire night to getting to know them.
3. Mutual Friends & Parties
If you only have monogamous friends this doesn't work to well, but once you start making polyamorous friends it can be a great way to meet more partners. I prefer meeting people at parties far more than being set up with someone on a blind date, but a lot of polyamorous people have luck with both.
4. Fetlife
Fetlife is a kink and BDSM site where you can connect with other kinksters. While polyamory and BDSM/ kink are not related there is a big overlap in people who are involved with both. Fetlife has an option where you can be polyamorous and add all your relationships, whether they are kink related or not.
The biggest downside to Fetlife is that you will get all the weird annoying messages you get from OKCupid, but sometimes even creepier.
5. Tinder
I was skeptical, but apparently a good number if people have had luck with actually meeting people to date and not just bang through Tinder. Tinder doesn't make it too easy to tell if someone is polyamorous, but if you are willing to do some sorting or deal with poly newbies it may be worth it.
6. Out & About
Sometimes it feels like there are so few polyamorous people, but there are just enough of us that you can happen to run into them in your daily life. Being out tends to help this. If you are willing to talk openly about polyamory you are more likely to meet other people who share your view. It is a little more difficult if you are in the closet to know who else is polyamorous, but it can happen anyway.
7. Facebook groups
There are a lot of Facebook groups about polyamory out there. The groups that are specific to regions are best for meeting people. Be forewarned, some of the large polyamory Facebook groups can be couple-centric, misogynistic, and even violent in their recommendations for how to deal with people. On the other hand, some people have met new friends and partners on Facebook.
8. Reddit
The polyamory community on Reddit is growing. The main subreddit is a great place to talk about poly- related issues while there is also a specific subreddit for actually meeting other poly people online.
9. Poly Conventions
Polyamory conventions such as Poly Living in Atlanta and Denver bring together a lot of polyamorous folk in one place and can be a great place to meet like-minded poly people.
Unfortunately, if you are coming to the convention from further away it may be hard to meet any people in your area. Long distance friends and partners can be fun too!
Advertisements
SAN FRANCISCO – Nurses and patients' family members staged a rally recently at the steps of San Francisco City Hall to protest medical care facility Sutter Health's pending closure of a sub-acute care and skilled nursing unit at California Pacific Medical Center (CPMC)-St. Luke's Campus and the ongoing eviction of patients.
San Franciscans for Healthcare, Housing, Jobs & Justice (SF-H2J2), a coalition of over 50 organizations, family members, health care providers belonging to California Nurses Association (CNA) protested the announced closure set for the end of October.
ADVERTISEMENT
The unit is the only one in San Francisco where patients are among the most helpless and vulnerable, dependent on ventilators and require tracheotomy care and feeding tubes.
While CPMC made the announcement of the closure last June, it has not explained why it is trying to evict and move current and why it no longer intends to accept skilled nursing and sub-acute patients in the future, after completion of the new St. Luke's hospital.
Chanting “Sutter you can't hide, we can see your greedy side,” “Sutter says cut back, we say fight back,” and “Sutter says evict today, we say no way,” speakers took turns condemning the closure and eviction plan that would require poor family members to travel to faraway San Jose to visit their sick loved ones.
After the rally in City Hall, protesters proceeded to the Health Commission that heard Prop Q hearing to argue that Sutter's proposal to close the unit is detrimental to patients.
St. Luke's Hospital emergency room nurse Jane Sandoval, a Filipina and a California Nurses Association Board member, presented the speakers at the rally on City Hall steps.
“This closure hits the most vulnerable patients in San Francisco and there is no plan for them when the unit closes so we are opposed to that. This is inhumane. Where will these people go? Once again we are bringing attention to marginalizing the already marginalized. What are we going to do? These are human lives,” Sandoval asked.
“We were blindsided by a memorandum that went out in June saying they're closing the hospital after the opening of the new hospital next year. So they just kind of speeded up the process. Unilaterally, they just said that they are closing.”
Sandoval added that these patients were residents who all lived in the hospital and had no other place nearby to go. The coalition hopes to delay the closure if not totally stop it.
“The hospital says was there has been collaboration with the families of the patients, but we are discovering that the families were also blindsided by this decision” Sandoval said.
ADVERTISEMENT
Raquel Rivera, a sister of a sub-acute patient, spoke on her sister's behalf because her sister was unable to do so.
“We are a close family and it is important to have her close by so we can visit her. Taking her away from us will have a detrimental effect on our family and the quality of life we are so used to. If my sister is placed in a freestanding facility and there is an emergency, it may be too late,” intimated Rivera.
“My sister has been living at St. Luke's for about seven years. She loves the nurses and listens to them. She has a roommate who is her friend and the doctors are her second family. And CPMC is taking that away from her. If this facility that she has grown to trust is taken away from her, she will fall into depression and she won't eat. This is what is called patient's trauma.”
Rivera also wondered aloud about what happened to CPMC patient care. “You need to have a dead heart to move these patients away from their families most of which don't have money to travel, work two jobs to survive and then visit their loved ones in the facility. And now it is going to be even harder when their loved patients are transferred far away,” reminded Rivera.
Another Filipino, Eric Barreras, a registered nurse for 17 years in the sub-acute unit of first at St. Luke's since January 2000 before CPMC took over in 2005, lamented that if patients are not helped on time and properly, they will die. Barreras also said that most of the 11 sub-acute unit-trained registered nurses are Filipinos.
“Someone really has to really care of them all the time to provide them all the care they need. When I learned about this, I felt bad as though our services were disregarded altogether. I feel for the patients. They need round-the-clock care. Where are they going to transfer them? We treated each other as a family that we even have a family Christmas party. One of my patients even called me brother,” Barreras shared.
Barreras worked at Philippine General Hospital in Manila for two years before immigrating to the US in 1995.
“Now that Sutter threatens to close this unit, evict our patients in San Francisco and break up our families, patients are crying every day begging us to find ways to keep them in the unit. There is no reason for Sutter to subject our patients to this level of stress and trauma.”
Kathy, a family member of one of Barreras' patients, vouched for the sub-acute and skilled nursing care that he and his colleagues give to her sister.
“I am so upset because my sister has been for six years under excellent care, I call it five-star care, and I don't understand why they don't see the need to maintain that floor. I have had nurses tell me. ‘Katy it is an honor to take care of your sister'. Do you usually have nurses tell you that? But they really have concern of taking care of our patients,” Katy stressed.
Katy said she has become close to Barreras, whom she calls an outstanding nurse who knows his patients and treats them with compassion and concern.
“If only my sister (who cannot speak, eat and breathe by herself) could talk, she would tell you Barreras and all the other nurses really take good care of her, but all she can do now is to give a thumbs-up sign. I speak highly of Eric and all the other nurses there because they deserve it. And I want to keep them. It is a family. They are the reason she is still living today,” a grateful Katy uttered.
Read Next
Sens. John McCain (R-Ariz.), left, and Chuck Schumer, (D-N.Y.), center, have forged a relationship amid their calls for an investigation into Russian hacking efforts during the presidential election. (J. Scott Applewhite/AP)
Sens. John McCain and Charles E. Schumer used to have a lousy relationship. The Arizona Republican and New York Democrat came from different backgrounds and focused on distinct legislative priorities. They were two hard-charging senators who were both aggressive in their courtship of the media.
The New Yorker and the Arizonan even broke into an open feud when, during a 2011 debate on defense policy, McCain joked that Long Island was “regrettably part of the United States of America.” Schumer demanded an apology: “All of America saw how heroic Long Islanders were on 9/11.”
Five years later, times have changed. The duo is emerging as a potentially critical force in the new world order of President-elect Trump and a Republican-controlled Congress. In the last 10 days, McCain, chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, and Schumer, the incoming Senate minority leader, led a bipartisan push to create a robust investigation into Russian hacking of political committees that intelligence officials say was designed to promote Trump's candidacy.
Through TV appearances and joint letters, the senators are pushing for an investigation that Trump is so far rejecting and other Republicans have been reluctant to tackle because such a probe might appear to undermine the results of the 2016 elections.
“There's no doubt [the Russians] were interfering,” McCain said Sunday on CNN's “State of the Union,” stepping up the pressure on congressional GOP leaders. The question is now, how much and what damage? And what should the United States of America do?”
An hour or so later, Schumer held a news conference in New York City echoing McCain's call for a detailed investigation, and a few hours afterward the carefully choreographed effort included a formal letter from McCain, Schumer and two senior senators on foreign policy issues, Jack Reed (D-R.I.) and Lindsey O. Graham (R-S.C.), asking Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell to establish a select committee to conduct a thorough investigation.
It's unclear whether they will be successful in their quest, as McConnell (R-Ky.) and House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R-Wis.) have said any such probe will be handled by their chambers' Intelligence committees.
[Congress can't decide how to probe charges Russia aimed to help Trump]
But this latest act in a budding McCain-Schumer partnership could turn into a repeat performance in the new Trump era, on issues including national security, immigration and even the institutional work of the Senate.
Each has a more powerful perch than previous years. Schumer is taking over his caucus at a time when he will be considered the most powerful Democrat in Washington. McCain will be sworn in Jan. 3 to a seventh term after a blowout victory over his opponent that far exceeded Trump's narrow Arizona win, giving McCain a wide berth to make decisions without fear of political backlash. Additionally, Trump at times insulted McCain during the campaign, so the incumbent owes no favors to the incoming president.
Schumer and McCain could not seem much more stylistically different, but the two have a common ability to command the spotlight and shape debates inside the Capitol, something that becomes exponentially more powerful if they are working on the same side.
McCain, 80, is a hero from his time as prisoner of war during the Vietnam War, a five-and-half-year stint during which Schumer, 66, attended Harvard University, graduated and then began his studies at Harvard Law.
Schumer was elected to the House in 1980 from his native Brooklyn, and McCain came along two years later after having moved to the Phoenix area and won a Republican-leaning district. Schumer's focus was always on legal matters, crime and gun control; McCain's was on national security.
McCain won his Senate seat in 1986 and set off on a long march to try to become president, running unsuccessfully in 2000 and then winning the Republican nomination in 2008 before losing to President Obama. Schumer won his Senate seat in 1998 but never had any greater ambition than to become a powerful senator.
McCain's early view of Schumer was as a partisan with sharp elbows. He oversaw the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee and added 14 seats to the Democratic caucus in four years. When McCain suspended his 2008 campaign to fly to Washington to try to help cinch a Wall Street rescue package, the meeting ended in insults and no deal. [Senate reaches tentative deal on filibusters]
In a Senate-floor speech the next day, Schumer took direct aim at McCain and blamed him for the faltering talks. He said McCain could help in only one way: “Get out of town.”
The first thaw in their relationship, according to those close to the senators, came when a large group of senators started discussing Senate rules on presidential nominations four years ago, the first of two Schumer-McCain negotiations that delayed for a few more months a Democratic move to end filibusters on most nominees. A few weeks after those first talks, they joined forces again as the leaders of a bipartisan group of eight senators that wrote legislation to revamp immigration laws and increase border security, which culminated in a 68-to-32 vote approving the measure.
They spoke so much that year that Schumer knew McCain's phone number by heart and blurted it out during a video interview with Politico, prompting the producers to bleep out the numbers. But their work on immigration died in the House, where conservatives would not allow a debate on the issue.
Now, they're back together again. McCain has been careful to keep McConnell in the loop about his moves with Schumer, but he has made clear that he won't let the matter of alleged Russian interference in the elections just drop. McCain has always viewed Russian President Vladi­mir Putin with deep suspicion.
He is now trying to balance his work with Schumer to forcefully investigate the latest accusations while also reassuring Republicans that he's not trying to overturn Trump's win.
“I have seen no evidence that the election would have been different,” McCain said on CNN. “But that doesn't change the fact that the Russians and others, Chinese to a lesser degree, have been able to interfere with our electoral process.”
Read more from Paul Kane's archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.
After he spoke out so forcefully on both health care and gun control over the past month, many late-night viewers might have expected Jimmy Kimmel do the same about the sexual harassment and assault allegations against Harvey Weinstein. When he didn't, Kimmel's right-wing critics—including Donald Trump Jr.—were quick to accuse him of liberal bias. Was he protecting the Democratic donor and his fellow “Hollywood elite” in a way he would never do for Donald Trump?
Kimmel pushed back hard on those assertions on Friday during an interview with Good Morning America's Amy Robach to promote his upcoming week of Brooklyn tapings, during which he also welcomed the idea of having President Trump on his show. “Maybe this is crazy, but I feel like I could turn him around on a couple of things,” he said.
Starting with the president's son, the late-night host said, “Well, he's an idiot. This is an imbecile whose job seems to be tweeting, as far as I can tell.”
“First of all, the Harvey Weinstein thing, people like this false equivalence of that's somehow equivalent to what happened in Las Vegas,” Kimmel added, arguing that the alleged assault of dozens of women does not deserve the same reaction as the killing of nearly 60 people. He said that Weinstein is “not a friend of mine,” adding, “I'm not in the movie business.” As a once and future Oscar host who is friends with many of the movie stars in Weinstein's orbit, that claim is a hard one to buy.
“And I'll add that that story came out like I think moments before we went to tape on Thursday and we didn't have a show on Friday,” Kimmel continued.
While The Daily Show's Trevor Noah managed to work a throwaway joke about Weinstein into his Thursday night show last week, Kimmel, Stephen Colbert, Seth Meyers, Jimmy Fallon, and James Corden all did not cover it until Monday. John Oliver was the first host to fully address it Sunday night.
But even when Kimmel did finally talk about Weinstein on Monday, he used the story more as a tool to go after Trump Jr. than anything else. “Next time you're defending your father and you think it's a good idea to draw a comparison between him and a freshly accused sexual predator, don't. It doesn't help,” Kimmel told him, before delivering one joke about Weinstein just to prove that he could.
On GMA, Kimmel went on to accuse “gun nuts” of “trying to take any comedy bit I did out of context and use it as some kind of proof” that he is not an ally for women, including some pretty gross moments from The Man Show.
“They're saying that I'm calling myself the moral conscience of America, which I most certainly never did and most certainly never would,” he declared.
Kimmel is probably telling the truth when he says he never set out to become the “moral conscience of America,” and we should not necessarily expect a late-night host to embody that role. On the two recent occasions that he did decide to speak out, it was because of a personal connection to those issues. His baby son's open-heart surgery turned him into a health care advocate and his own childhood connection to Las Vegas made him feel for that city.
His decision not to spend a similar amount of time on Weinstein seems to confirm that the issue of sexual misconduct does not hold a similar place in his heart. Fortunately, other hosts—particularly Samantha Bee and Seth Meyers—have picked up the slack.
An unnamed senior al-Nusra Front commander told journalist Jürgen Todenhöfer that the group, considered to be terrorist by the United States, Russia, as well as the United Nations, has received weapons, particularly the BGM-71 TOW anti-tank missiles, from the US, German weekly news magazine Focus reported.
"The missiles were handed over directly to us. Americans are on our side," the media outlet quoted the militant commander as saying. The remarks came in response to Jürgen Todenhöfer's question whether any intermediaries, including the US-backed Free Syrian Army, were involved in the weapons transfers.
Al-Nusra Front has been one of the Damascus' fiercest opponents. The terrorist group has been fighting to overthrow President Bashar al-Assad and establish a caliphate in Syria. The commander confirmed this.
"We will fight until the regime is toppled," he said, referring to Assad's government. Al-Nusra Front wants "to establish an Islamic state that will be ruled according to the Sharia law. We do not recognize any secular state."
© AFP 2018 / GEORGE OURFALIAN NATO Ammunition and 'Guns of Hell': Rare Glimpse of Handarat Camp in Aleppo
Al-Nusra Front was founded as al-Qaeda's offshoot in Syria, but has recently cut ties with the global terrorist network, changing its name to Jabhat Fateh al-Sham (the Front for the Conquest of the Levant). Experts have said that the rebranding has not affected the group's goals or the means of achieving them.
Headquartered in Idlib, al-Nusra Front has also been active in the province of Aleppo and its capital of the same name. One of the largest cities in the country has been at the center of the latest agreement negotiated by Russian and American diplomats. The deal paved the way for a ceasefire and humanitarian aid deliveries to rebel-held areas of the city.
On September 19, the day when the Syrian ceasefire crumbled, a UN humanitarian convoy came under attack that left at least one aid worker and around 20 civilians killed. The US blamed Russia and Syria for the attack, with Moscow and Damascus denying these groundless allegations.
© REUTERS / Ammar Abdullah Damaged aid trucks are pictured after an airstrike on the rebel held Urm al-Kubra town, western Aleppo city, Syria September 20, 2016
© AP Photo / Manu Brabo, File Battle for Aleppo: US-Backed Rebels Shut Off Water for 1.5 Million Civilians
Interestingly, the al-Nusra Front commander also mentioned the UN aid convoy. Keep in mind that Todenhöfer, the first Western journalist to be granted access to Daesh's caliphate, conducted the interview ten day ago, before the attack
The commander said that the militants would not allow UN trucks carrying aid to enter Aleppo if the Syrian Arab Army does not withdraw "as required."
"The regime must withdraw from all areas in order for us to let the trucks in. If a truck drives in anyway, we will arrest the driver," he detailed.
Gravitas Ventures has picked up worldwide rights for the thriller “Call of the Wolf,” R.D. Womack II's thesis project for the New York Film Academy, Variety has learned exclusively.
Gravitas has set a Feb. 7 VOD/DVD release date for “Call of the Wolf,” the story of two kidnapped and trapped strangers who must survive the brutal onslaught of winter and are forced to play a deadly game of survival to outsmart their kidnapper — a sniper calling himself “Wolf.”
“‘Call of The Wolf' really stood out to us among a sea of submissions,” said Dan Fisher, director of acquisitions for Gravitas. “We really appreciated the quality of the filmmaking and the gradual reveal of the story, and we are excited to release across our multiple platform partners.”
Womack filmed in his home state of Wyoming in the Medicine Bow Mountains. He retained the U.S. theatrical rights and is planning a limited regional theatrical release in Wyoming, Colorado, and Utah in 2017.
Womack said he is influenced by the works of Paul Thomas Anderson, Stanley Kubrick, director Steve McQueen, Terrence Malik, and Darren Aronofsky. “For Call of the Wolf, I was moved to create a slower paced film; a character driven piece, part thriller, part drama,” he added.
Womack cast Aleksander Ristic and Cynthia Bravo to play the parts of the victims. He previously worked with Ristic on the shorts “Mimi's Misadventure” and “Imperial Odyssey: Questions of War.”
Womack has been the lead creative editor at Tiny Hero Inc. and worked on marketing campaigns for Disney, Lionsgate, Marvel, and ABC. He also produced the shorts “A Father's Love” and “Chippy.”
Womack is in pre-production through his Womack Film Works on an untitled suspense/drama with Ristic starring in a story of a man locked in a standoff with the police.
See the trailer for “Call of the Wolf” below.
Google's latest patent gaining buzz is one that seems to suggest the search engine will know what television show is playing near the device a person is using to perform a search on.
Bill Slawski, founder of consulting and SEO service company, SEO by the Sea, keeps a watchful eye on Google patents and what they may mean to the future of search. In his latest observation, he points out a patent by Google granted on September 16 proposes a new way to marry television and search results.
The patent is described as a “system and method for enhancing user search results by determining a television program currently being displayed in proximity to an electronic device.”
Why would Google want to do this?
A look into the patent shows that Google wants to improve the results of those who are performing a search while watching a television program, where the search is related to the program.
From the patent documentation:
A TV viewer (sometimes referred to herein as a user) has access to a computer, set-top box, smart phone or other Internet-connected electronic device, while he or she is viewing TV content. Occasionally, such a TV viewer executes search queries on the Internet-connected device related to the TV content he or she is watching.
The document goes on with a couple examples:
For example, when the user is watching a TV program about wildlife, he or she might execute searches on the Internet-connected device related to the particular animal species being described in that program. As another example, a viewer who is watching a movie might execute searches about locations or the actors appearing in the movie.
But the patent points out the missed opportunity when these types of searches are performed:
Such a viewer when entering a search query might use search terms that are related to but not identical to the particular content being described in the program he or she is viewing. For example, someone watching a TV program with a segment about a particular model of Porsche might execute a search query for “Porsche” or “sports cars” instead of the designation of the particular model that was the subject of the segment.
The solution Google seems to be proposing in this patent would make search results more relevant to the user. It says:
When there is an acceptable degree of correlation between the program information and the user's search query (e.g., when the user executes a query for “Porsche” during the same time window a TV program is airing that includes a segment about a particular Porsche model), the search engine returns enhanced search results based on the presumption that the user in question was watching that particular TV program — or that the user in question would be interested in watching that particular TV program.
The document elaborates:
For example, given that the Porsche model in question is a “911 Turbo,” and that the user executed a search query for “Porsche,” the server can return information about one or more of: 1) the “911 Turbo” model (e.g., a link to information on the Porsche.com website about the “911 Turbo”), 2) information about the TV program that is currently airing with that segment and 3) suggestions of similar programming that is currently airing or airing in the future and that is available to the user.
The documentation also has a host of images to visually explain the process it's patented, which can be found here.
One concern is privacy, and the fact that Google may be using a device's microphone to listen in. Slawski addressed this concern in his blog post comments, saying he didn't think this patent was suggesting an audio-specific means of information gathering – unlike another patent from back in 2007 that did.
Slawski added that the patent seemed to focus on “coming up with a probability that your search is related to a show in your area based upon understanding your location and then upon how well it fits with a profile of the show and meta data collected about it.”
However, there was a “but,” said Slawski:
One of the points they make in the patent is that this is something that would help people who are in “close proximity” to a TV when searching. That seems odd and isn't explained in the patent filing.
What are your thoughts about this patent? Think it will improve your searching experience? Tell us about it in the comments.
Want to stay on top of the latest search trends? Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe
Federal Parliament's internal security cameras have been used to monitor contacts between political staffers, bureaucrats and journalists, according to former parliamentary staff.
Fairfax Media has confirmed that Australian Federal Police investigators hunting leakers of government information have accessed images and information from the Parliament's closed circuit television cameras located throughout the building, including the corridors of the press gallery.
Clerk of the Senate, Dr Rosemary Laing. Credit:Alex Ellinghausen
In one instance during the former Rudd government, Parliament House security cameras were used to monitor the movements of a Labor staffer suspected of leaking cabinet secrets to a prominent journalist.
According to former Department of Parliamentary Services staff, CCTV cameras were used to monitor the staffer's visits to the press gallery as well as contact between the staffer, who worked for a cabinet minister, and the journalist in other parts of the building, including the cafeteria. Surveillance extended to monitoring the journalist's movements while he worked at Parliament on weekends and at night.
Georgia and Auburn are among the big-time college football programs entering 2017 with a heightened sense of urgency. For the Bulldogs, Tigers and these other “win now” teams, there is no particular win total that will determine a successful season, but you can bet fans want to see these five teams in the mix for conference titles and, potentially, a spot in the College Football Playoff.
In the NFL, “win now” is a concern for head coaches and general managers entering free agency and the NFL Draft. In college football, “win now” is also personnel-related as it ties to the limited eligibility of the game's biggest stars. College football coaches recruit tirelessly to string together multiple classes of top talent but usually only get a 1-2 year window where it all comes together and the program can peak. There are exceptions, obviously, but not everyone can be Alabama.
By this definition, Tennessee was a “win now” team in 2016. Butch Jones had assembled a talented roster with a couple good recruiting classes and much of the team's core had at least a year or two of experience on the field in SEC play. With quarterback Joshua Dobbs and many key contributors gone, the Vols are not likely to be the media's pick to win the SEC East in 2017.
These are my four “win now” teams to watch in 2017.
Georgia
With Nick Chubb and Sony Michel returning and quarterback Jacob Eason more experienced, Georgia has one of the top offensive backfields in the SEC, and definitely the most impressive group in its own division. The window isn't going to close anytime soon for second-year coach Kirby Smart, but there's an expectation that 7-5 isn't good enough given the makeup of the roster in 2017.
Georgia just locked down the No. 3 recruiting class in the country and will get at least one more year with Eason on the roster, but the buzz of Chubb's return for a senior season has Georgia fans eyeing an appearance in the SEC Championship Game this year, not 2018. There are also a handful of wildly talented players like linebacker Roquan Smith and defensive lineman Trenton Thompson that were top recruits coming into school and after a couple years in the program seem primed for a breakout season.
Big expectations also follow big price tags, and Georgia just committed $63 million to renovating Sanford Stadium.
Auburn
Too much time was spent in 2016 discussing Auburn's quarterback rotation and play-calling responsibilities on the offensive staff. Gus Malzahn has brought back an old staffer to be his new offensive coordinator, dipped into the junior college ranks to land the Tigers' next quarterback (hey, it worked with Nick Marshall and Cam Newton) and has Auburn in a spot to put up big numbers again this fall.
Jarrett Stidham, from Baylor via JUCO, will be the new trigger man of the high-octane attack, and he will be joined by Kamryn Pettway and Kerryon Johnson in the backfield. Both players missed time due to injury in 2016 but each was a huge part of Auburn's success when healthy. Their ability to move the ball on the ground is proven, and Stidham's addition is presumed to boost a passing attack that featured just 11 touchdown passes from quarterbacks in 13 games. If the quarterback position is settled and the offense is clicking (on the field and the sidelines), Auburn could be in the mix to knock of its Iron Bowl rivals in the SEC West.
And if you don't think the Auburn fans are hyped for an upgrade at quarterback, check out this standing ovation at a men's basketball game when Stidham was introduced along with the other early enrollees.
Oklahoma State
The Cowboys have the most prolific quarterback-wide receiver tandem returning for 2017 with Mason Rudolph and James Washington. Both players turned down opportunities to test the NFL Draft process and announced their plans for 2017 in a joint video after practice. Their on-field chemistry helps Washington crush opposing defenses as he uses his versatility and quickness to find open pockets of grass created by Oklahoma State's wide-open attack. These two are special, and they'll be gone soon.
The Big 12 is also there for the taking. The Cowboys have gone 14-4 in conference play over the last two seasons and finished in a tie for second place each year behind Oklahoma, who returns Baker Mayfield but loses a huge chunk of its skill position production. Oklahoma State good experience and depth up on the offensive and defensive lines and will get host both the Sooners and Kansas State in Stillwater this fall.
Penn State
The theme developing here is that a pairing of successful quarterbacks and talented offensive skill players is a gift, and one that should not be wasted in college football. Trace McSorley will be fourth-year player in 2017, and though he will have a year of eligibility remaining after that, it's going to be a surprise if superstar running back Saquon Barkley sticks around for another year. James Franklin has the rare opportunity to get a two-year peak with this talented Nittany Lions roster, cashing in on last year's Big Ten title and entering 2017 as a top-10 team looking to be back in the playoff mix.
On the other side of the ball, leading tackler Marcus Allen elected to return for 2017 instead of going pro and linebacker Jason Cabinda is also back following a strong showing last season. In the Big Ten East, the window for big-time success is short if you're not Ohio State. You've got to get in and get it while the talent is in place and hang on dearly until another one of the conference powers makes their own run at the crown.
More than 40 Secret Service employees have been disciplined for improperly accessing sensitive private information about a prominent congressional critic last year, an “appalled” Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said Thursday.
One Secret Service employee has resigned, Johnson said, while 40 others received punishments as light as letters placed in their personnel files to as severe as 45-day suspensions from duty without pay.
None of those disciplined Thursday were identified because of — perhaps ironically — federal privacy laws.
The Secret Service and its parent agency, the Department of Homeland Security, apologized last year to Rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, who as chairman of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform has led numerous inquiries into alleged misconduct by the agency.
Chaffetz unsuccessfully applied to join the Secret Service in 2003. A report in September by the DHS inspector general found that beginning in March 2015, the 41 Secret Service employees accessed his job application more than 60 times — even though they had “no official need to query Chairman Chaffetz' name.”
Over nine days last March, the job application was accessed by employees in the public relations office, the countersurveillance division, the division overseeing protection for former President Bill Clinton, the training division and at least 15 domestic and overseas field offices, the IG report found.
According to the report, the protected information was disclosed to a reporter for The Washington Post — a tactic that Chaffetz called a clear attempt to intimidate him into backing off his investigations of the troubled Secret Service.
That employee resigned, Johnson said Thursday, who said the report made it clear that “the majority of these instances were in violation of the Privacy Act, Secret Service policy, and DHS policy.”
Johnson said he was “appalled by the episode,” which he said “brought real discredit to the Secret Service.”
“The Secret Service is the finest protection agency in the world,” he said. “It is for this reason that we must demand of its men and women the finest standards for professionalism and integrity.
“I hope and expect the Secret Service has put sad episodes like this behind it,” he added.
This article originally appeared on NBCNews.com.
The dialogue partners met at the Nicholas Center of Saint James Episcopal Cathedral in Chicago. The PCUSA representatives were Dennis Hughes (co-convenor), Christian Boyd, Anne Bond, Kamal Hassan, Gordon Zerkel and Robina Winbush (administrative staff). The Episcopal Church representatives were Bishop Eugene Sutton (co-convenor), Joe Pagano, Elizabeth Ring, Tim Mulder, Joanne O'Donnell and Margaret Rose (administrative staff). Joseph Wolyniak, a new member of the Episcopal Church complement, joined the meeting on September 7. The dialogue team was joined by the Rev. James Farwell, Ph.D., Professor of Theology and Liturgy at Virginia Theological Seminary, who presented a paper that proposes ways in which the 2009 agreement between the churches may be implemented, particularly paragraphs 5 and 6 of the agreement. Rev. Jan Edmundston, co-moderator of the PCUSA General Assembly, met with the group briefly on Sept. 7.
The dialogue team joined the staff of Saint James Cathedral at its monthly Eucharist in Saint James Chapel on Wednesday, Sept. 7. The group also met for morning and evening prayer throughout the meeting. Members of the two denominations took turns leading the prayers.
The dialogue group spent the first day of the two-day meeting hearing from Dr. Farwell and considering his proposals for implementing paragraphs 5 and 6 of the agreement. Specifically, the group discussed ways in which Episcopalian and Presbyterian ministers may participate in one another's rites of word and table. This discussion turned to a great extent on the different relationships our two denominations have with their liturgical books—the PCUSA's Book of Common Worship and the Episcopal Church's Book of Common Prayer. On the second day of the meeting, the dialogue returned to the relationship between Baptism and Confirmation in our respective denominations, a topic that was introduced at our previous meeting. Dr. Farwell made helpful contributions to this discussion as well. The team also began to develop a set of Frequently Asked Questions about the Agreement.
The meeting adjourned on September 8 after scheduling further meetings in April and October 2017, in anticipation of the convocations of both denominations that will take place in 2018. The group outlined the contents of a possible booklet and video as products of this dialogue and as part of the final report to the two denominations.
Black Sheep Charlotte, NC and Black Sheep Manchester, UK, two completely unconnected shops located on different sids of the Atlantic, have joined forces with New Balance for a special collaboration. The unique project finds the two retailers working on the brand's NB Numeric 598 model, which is based on the classic 998.
The “Black Sheep” 598 in turn boasts wool construction, paired with reflective details, custom footbed artwork and trio of laces.
To further celebrate the launch of the collaborative 598, a special edition of the Made in USA 998 (the Black Sheep 998) will be limited to just 72 pairs and available exclusively in both Black Sheep retail locations.
Look for the “Black Sheep” 598 to release this Friday.
New Balance also recently partnered with Concepts for the “Varsity Weekend” pack.
Subscribe to Highsnobiety's sneaker chatbot on Facebook to receive lightning quick updates on release dates, sneaker street style, shopping tips and more.
Subscribe
Words by Jonathan Sawyer Staff Writer Not NYC, not LA.
At least 10 Taliban insurgents, including key commanders were killed on Friday in Wardak province in a clash with security forces, security officials said Saturday.
General Ahmad Fahim Qaim, Wardak police chief, said that the clash occurred when Taliban insurgents attacked security forces who were protecting engineers working on the Arghandi-Ghazni 220 kV power line that comes from Turkmenistan. The engineers had been working in Saydabad district of Wardak province to restore power after it was cut in Sultan Khail village of the district by local mafia.
According to Qaim during the clash Qari Rouhullah, Qari Sami and Mawlavi Nasrullah, Taliban's local commanders, were killed.
Six other Taliban insurgents were wounded in the clash, Qaim said.
Qaim said that work on the electricity line will be completed in two days.
One army soldier was killed and two others were wounded in the clash, Qaim added.
Building towards the release of my book on the Black Death – 1348: A Medieval Apocalypse on May 2nd 2016 this article look at the last time plague threatened Ireland.
While bubonic plague evokes images of the Middle Ages, Ireland has had more than one brush with the dreaded disease. As recently as the year 1900, ports across Ireland prepared for an imminent outbreak of the Black Death which killed over 30% of the population in the mid 14th century.
The last great plague scare in Ireland began after the illness broke out in Glasgow in August 1900. Ireland with its constant and frequent traffic with the Scottish port was immediately at risk of infection.
The origins of the outbreak in Glasgow are obscure. Some claimed it could be traced back to the rat eaten corpse that had been undiscovered for several days[1]. More likely and less sensational was the increased traffic between Britain and South Africa due to Boer War (1899 -1902) where there were confirmed cases of plague was early as March 1900. One way or another there was little doubt that the terrifying bubonic plague had returned to Northern Europe by late August.
While this was disastrous for Glasgow it posed grave dangers for the wider region. Ships from Glasgow's docks along the Clyde traded with most major, and indeed minor Irish ports. To make matters worse large numbers of seasonal workers migrated to Scotland each year for harvest work. If the Bubonic plague developed into an epidemic they would undoubtedly carry this disease back to Ireland when they returned home.
The Plague
The prospect of a plague outbreak was unquestionably terrifying. Between 1347 and 1350 it had carried away upwards of 30% of the European population. Death was excruciating. Painful buboes or egg-sized swellings developed usually under the arms, groin and neck. Black lesions appeared under the skin due to internal bleeding. Some victims coughed blood. Before their body eventually gave out, the victim suffered from frightening head aches and severe fevers.
The risk in Dublin
Of all ports, Dublin was at the greatest risk. While its population of four hundred thousand people paled in comparison to several cities in England, the filthy conditions of the city tenements, were among the worst in Europe and ideal breeding ground for bubonic plague.
The Guardian newspaper on September 4th, 1900 carried a headline “Danger in Dublin from defective sanitation”. This reaffirmed a report on the public health of the city published earlier in that year on the the squalid living conditions of the poor. It had revealed how there was
“inadequate water-closet accommodation in a foul state; backyards ill paved and littered with refuse and excrement; are conditions…these conditions tend to the production of a state of lowered vitality favourable to the contraction of disease, and to fatal result of disease when contracted[2]. “
Furthermore the undernourishment city poor would struggle to fight off the disease if it took hold.
Preparations
Facing this threat Dublin city authorities were already acting by early September. A committee which met daily to prepare the city for an outbreak also did everything in its power to prevent the arrival of the disease in Dublin.
All ships from Glasgow were subjected to a rigorous medical search by doctors. Open sewers were covered where possible. The often filthy tenement houses were cleaned and instructions were issued to whitewash walls wherever possible (whitewash contains anti-bacterial agents). An attempt was also made to scour the city of rats, which helped spread the disease in their fleas.
While the plague may have posed the greatest threat to Dublin, other Irish ports also faced the grave possibility of an outbreak. In the following days Belfast, Cork, Waterford and Limerick adopted similar measures to those in Dublin. In the coming weeks even smaller and more isolated ports such as Fenit Co. Kerry and Westport Co. Mayo followed suit.
N.I.M.B.Y. politics
As the death toll in Glasgow reached 13 by September 8th 1900, petty politics in Ireland hamstrung preparations to prevent an outbreak. As plans for quarantine hospitals were put in place, these soon ran into the quagmire of early 20th century local Irish politics. When an isolation hospital was suggested for Cork Street in Finglas, this was opposed by local politicians no doubt voicing the concerns of people who did not want to live close such an institution.
This N.I.M.B.Y. (not in my back yard) attitude became prevalent across Ireland. Many were unwilling to make sacrifices. When a doctor demanded that a certain Mrs Batten be forced to remove pigs from her house on Cattle Market Street in Dublin, this was opposed. A representative for Batten somewhat ludicrously claimed he had
“never known disease to arise from the keeping of pigs”[3].
On this occasion sense prevailed and the pigs were removed.
Outside the capital there was little difference in the approach. In Limerick when it was suggested that an old fort at Tarbert be converted into an isolation hospital the local community who lived over a mile away were outraged and organised a protest meeting.
No one wanted plague but few wanted to take measures to stop it.
At Fenit Co. Kerry local representatives were outraged and mounted sustained and vociferous opposition to an isolation hospital being. Claims were made that it was too costly and the decision was repeatedly postponed. Eventually the hospital was voted through at a special meeting of Tralee Rural District Council. However the attitude of one supporter of the hospital hardly inspired confidence when he said
“we shall build a shed at Fenit which we will call by the grand title of intercepting hospital”[4]
Many authorities had little concept of what they were facing. When confronted with the stinging cricticism on the appalling conditions in the local fever hospital in Schull Co. Cork, the chairman of the board of Guardians retorted that Schull
“was a very healthy locality and there was no fear that there would be a case of plague”[5].
Nevertheless in spite of such attitudes all vessels arriving in Ireland from Glasgow continued to be subjected to rigorous checks. Meanwhile the Glaswegian authorities, not only isolated those who contracted the disease but also those who lived in close proximity to them. This drastically reduced contagion and by the end of September there was a dwindling number of new cases. In the opening weeks of November it was clear the fear of a major outbreak had clearly passed. On November 10th work at the highly controversial ‘shed' at Fenit, Co. Kerry was abandoned with only the foundation complete.
On November 12th 1900 the Local Govenerment Board informed authorities that they could relax all precautionary measures. While Ireland had escaped the plague although the countries local politicians and authorities had not exactly inspired confidence.
Perhaps their ineptitude was best typified by a politician on Limerick Corporation. When two doctors applied to the city for remuneration for expenses incurred, one member of the corporation claimed
“the Bubonic plague was an imaginary scare started by medical men who wanted to make a good living”
Bubonic plague was far from imaginary. Of the dozens who contracted the disease in Glasgow the sixteen who died could attest to this. Find out more about my upcoming book on the great plague of 1348 here.
[1] Irish Examiner 5th September 1900
[2]http://www.dippam.ac.uk/eppi/documents/19904/eppi_pages/544963 pge 10
[3] Irish examiner 19th September 1900
[4] Kerry Sentinel 17th October 1900
[5] Souther Star 20th October 1900
In the early 70s, the Watergate scandal forced US President Richard Nixon to resign. This was the only one, so far, resignation by an American president. Only the fact that the “president's men” broke into the offices of the Democratic party to photograph documents and install listening devices, was enough to create a big scandal that went down in history and shocked the American public.
Richard Nixon's name is being connected directly to the Watergate and most of us remember him because of this scandal and the subsequent consequences.
However, in 1971, he proceeded in a much more radical action that actually marked the start of capitalism's more parasitic transformation: he ended the direct convertibility of the US dollar to gold. We could easily say that this decision put the foundations for the absolute domination of financial capitalism and neoliberalism.
Banks and big corporations couldn't wait. Just two years later (September 1973), they proceed to another big experiment, so big that it's still running globally. Through the U.S.-backed military coup in Chile that ousted the democratically-elected President Salvador Allende, they established a 17-year dictatorship led by Augusto Pinochet. Chile became the first lab-rat of neoliberalism. Milton Friedman and the Chicago boys advise dictator Pinochet to kill the state and privatize everything. Chile was occupied by big cartels, US interests companies, people suffered from poverty and from Pinochet's cruel regime.
In 1975, it was the turn of New York City to become the next experimental field of neoliberalism. For thirty years, the politicians who run the city had borrowed more and more money from the banks to pay for its growing services and welfare. But in the early 70s, the middle classes fled from the city and the taxes they paid disappeared with them. So, the banks lent the city even more. But then, they began to worry about the size of the growing debt and whether the city would ever be able to pay it back. And then, one day in 1975, the banks just stopped.
The city held its regular meeting to issue bonds in return for the loans, overseen by the city's financial controller. The banks were supposed to turn up at 11 a.m., but it soon became clear that none of them were going to appear. The meeting was rescheduled for 2 p.m. and the banks promised they would turn up.
What happened that day in New York, marked a radical shift in power. The banks insisted that in order to protect their loans, they should be allowed to take control of the city. The city appealed to the President, but he refused to help, so a new committee was set up to manage the city's finances. Out of nine members, eight of them were bankers.
It was the start of an extraordinary experiment where the financial institutions took power away from the politicians and started to run society themselves. The city had no other option. The bankers enforced what was called “austerity” on the city, insisting that thousands of teachers, policemen and firemen were sacked.
The 80s marked probably the most decisive era for the definite domination of neoliberalism in the political field. Big capital saw its efforts fulfilled with the synchronization of Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher in power inside the ‘Meccas' of modern capitalism.
The Reagan/Thatcher sinister duo in power was not decisive just because of the amount of neoliberal policies implemented in favor of the banking/corporate plutocracy. It marked the transformation of the Democratic Party in the US, as well as Social Democrats in Europe, into another component of the neoliberal apparatus. After the end of the Reagan/Thatcher disastrous era and the death of Soviet Union, neoliberalism had taken over all the main political powers and institutions.
Institutions like IMF expanded the disaster of neoliberal policies into other geographic areas during the 90s, like Russia and SE Asia. But neoliberalism and casino capitalism brought another major crisis inside the West in 2008.
A whole new generation in the West now sees the neoliberal fairy tale fully exposed. What this ‘model' is offering now is more inequality, more unemployment, more ridiculously low-paid jobs, destruction of social state, plus, more authoritarianism under the pretext of terrorism. So, most importantly, what is not offering, especially to the young people, is hope for a better future. As a natural consequence, the younger generations turned massively to political figures that could make the difference, like Jeremy Corbyn and Bernie Sanders.
The establishment paints these two politicians as ‘radicals' just because they want to bring back some socialist policies that were taken for granted a few decades ago, even in the capitalist West. The establishment was terrified with the thought that someone like Bernie Sanders could become the next US president, so it did everything to throw him out of the path to power. And the elites were shocked to see that, despite the disgusting propaganda by their media, the Labour party under Jeremy Corbyn regained significant power against Theresa May who gambled and lost.
Neoliberal tricks don't work anymore. Mainstream media propaganda is not effective. We're probably one step before the final demolition of this ruthless system. Could a Sanders/Corbyn synchronization in power give the final decisive blow against Reagan/Thatcher awful legacy?
This docket might be surprising if it were anyone else, but for Driver, who is surely one of the proud, the few, the brave former Marines to have studied at Julliard, nothing really surprises us anymore. As he tells his pal Baumbach, he's just trying to cover all of his options.
NOAH BAUMBACH: It's important that the readers understand that we also talk for real.
ADAM DRIVER: Yes, right, as people.
BAUMBACH: We could talk about how we met. Why don't you tell me your perspective of our meeting, and I'll tell you mine?
DRIVER: Well, I knew your movies. And there was an audition for Frances Ha … but it wasn't called that at the time. I don't think even you knew then exactly what it was you guys were creating. I came in and read for you. And that was it.
BAUMBACH: I can't remember. It may not even have been the actual scenes that we did, was it?
DRIVER: I don't think so. I had no idea what it was.
BAUMBACH: I was kind of figuring it out with Greta [Gerwig] as we were doing it. And I started auditioning people pretty early when it was even less formed. But I had heard good things about you. I remember talking to Lena when she was casting Girls, and she was talking about how good she thought you were. I don't think the first season was even out yet, because I hadn't seen you do anything. And I remember being very excited by your audition. And then I remember your first day on the set. We were shooting a real party.
DRIVER: I was actually waiting across the street because I got there early. You guys were coming from a shoot in the subway, I think. And I remember expecting, like, a crew of people to show up; it was just you four. [laughs] There was nobody else. I'm like waiting for this group of trucks and things to pull up. And then you guys just walked up the street. I'm like, “Oh, there they are.” And that was my first day.
BAUMBACH: I had that feeling, too, when I saw you, feeling bad like we weren't producing an actual movie for you. It was like, “Trust me, this is legit.” I had had this sort of great idea that we'd actually get the guy who lived at the location to have an actual party that we would shoot at. It seemed like a good idea in the planning. But then he kind of threw a fit and kicked us out at a certain point. [laughs]
DRIVER: Really?
BAUMBACH: But we'd gotten enough of it, yeah.
DRIVER: I had no idea. I just assumed everyone was there for the movie. I had no idea that that was an actual party. [both laugh] Well, now it makes sense that no one knew what the fuck I was talking about. I just showed up and started demanding things.
Where are the charges? The case has gone cold. Why? Could it be another submission to sharia as was the case when the Obama Admin Refused to Suspend a Portland, Maine Islamic Market Guilty of Food Stamp Fraud? h/t readers who have sent in a dozen similar stories across the U.S.
Source: Portland store owner suspected of welfare benefits scheme – Portland Press Herald
Federal authorities are investigating a Portland business owner in connection with suspected welfare fraud that they say cost taxpayers tens of thousands of dollars, according to documents filed in U.S. District Court in Portland.
Investigators say Ali Daham, owner of the Ahram Halal Market on Forest Avenue, used his business to perpetrate a cash-back scheme that turned food stamp benefits into cash, and that he pocketed a portion of the funds.
No criminal charges have been filed, but investigators say the cash-back scheme was one of multiple criminal enterprises that flowed through the store, including through an associate, Ashraf Eldeknawey, who allegedly offered to prepare fraudulent tax returns to enrich others and himself.
In an interview Monday at the market, Daham said he was aware of the investigation and referred all questions to his attorney, Walter McKee of Augusta.
“Ali has been adamant that he has done nothing wrong,” McKee said in a written statement. “He looks forward to a full airing of what did – and most importantly did not – happen. Until then he is going (to) have the benefit of the time-honored American tradition of the presumption of innocence.”
An affidavit filed in support of a search warrant by FBI Special Agent Richard Pires Jr. describes an organized, systematic scheme to convert benefit dollars meant to feed hungry Mainers into cash. The investigation was spurred by auditors for the Maine Department of Health and Human Services.
Fraud investigators from the FBI, IRS and the Department of Agriculture, which runs the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program commonly known as food stamps, compared records of SNAP transactions at Daham's store with the volume of benefit transactions at other stores in the city. They found that on paper, the tiny market with one register was processing a volume of SNAP transactions comparable to the flagship Hannaford supermarket on Forest Avenue, which has 44,000 square feet of retail space and 18 checkout lanes.
In budget year 2015, for instance, the Hannaford store recorded $298,706.04 in SNAP transactions, while Ahram recorded $268,047.04 in the same period.
The high dollar amounts of each transaction at the small business also were unusual, investigators said. Comparing data from the Forest Avenue Hannaford, Daham's store and Pat's Meat Market on Stevens Avenue, a similarly sized grocery business, investigators showed that customers at Ahram Halal Market made outsized purchases using SNAP benefits at a far more frequent rate.
At Hannaford, the average SNAP sale totaled $34.85, and less than a third, 29 percent, of all SNAP transactions were for more than $100. At Pat's on Stevens Avenue, the sales figure was $33.31, with nearly a third, about 32 percent, for more than $100.
But at Ahram Halal Market during the same period, the average SNAP transaction totaled $82.55, with nearly 78 percent of every SNAP transaction for an amount greater than $100.
Investigators also used a cooperating witness who made purchases while undercover at the store. The witness, who is not named, would ask to get cash back, and after Daham overcharged the witness's EBT card, he would pull cash from his pocket or from the store's register to give to the witness.
Because no charges have been filed, the exact amount that investigators allege Daham fraudulently collected is not known. One potential indication is the amount of cash he withdrew to disburse to customers who were looking to convert their EBT card benefits into cash.
Between June 7, 2011, and Aug. 25, 2015, accounts controlled by Daham received government reimbursements of about $3 million for benefits, and he withdrew about $591,000, according to the affidavit.
The investigation was first publicized on Lifezette.com, a news site founded by Laura Ingraham, a conservative talk radio host and a longtime Fox News contributor.
The affidavit, which contains a range of allegations beyond food stamp fraud, was filed in U.S. District Court in April by Pires, a special agent who has been with the FBI for 17 years.
“We are going to let the court documents speak for themselves,” FBI spokeswoman Kristen Setera said in an email to the Press Herald late Monday evening. Setera declined to comment further. The U.S. Attorney's Office also declined to comment, citing the ongoing investigation.
Daham, who himself was approved for food stamps and other state benefits such as MaineCare, also is alleged to have lied to state and federal regulators about his income and assets.
Investigators also believe Daham was using the store to defraud the WIC program, which gives needy mothers checks that can be used only to purchase baby food and baby formula.
POSSIBLE TAX REFUND SCHEME
Between September 2014 and June 2015, Daham failed to show that he actually purchased 2,956 cans of baby formula worth more than $55,000 that corresponds to vouchers redeemed at his store, and the alleged supplier of the formula, an Everett, Massachusetts, company, was not a certified WIC participating distributor.
A portion of the affidavit also describes an alleged scheme by Eldeknawey, an associate of Daham, to prepare fraudulent tax returns designed to net large refunds.
Eldeknawey ran his tax preparation business from a back office in the Ahram market, and for a fee paid with cash diverted from the state benefits system, offered to fraudulently file a tax return that would maximize a customer's tax refund.
Investigators also found that in preparing the fraudulent returns, Eldenawey listed customers of the fraudulent tax service as employees of businesses he owned in order to lower his overall tax liability.
Leonard Sharon, an attorney for Eldeknawey, did not immediately respond to a request for comment Monday afternoon.
More via : Feds Probe Massive Food Stamp Fraud in Maine | LifeZette
A 52-page affidavit by an FBI agent lays out a mound of evidence pointing to a fraud ring run out of the Ahram Halal Market that's cheating the government's food stamp program, the Women, Infant and Children (WIC) welfare program, and committing tax fraud. Investigators peg the fraud at hundreds of thousands of dollars and identified almost $2.7 million that authorities want to seize.
Fraud is a category of crime disproportionately committed by immigrants, at least at the federal level. According to the U.S. Sentencing Commission, 19 percent of all federal fraud defendants in fiscal year 2015 were foreign-born.
Jessica Vaughan, director of policy studies at the Center for Immigration Studies, said the citizenship status of criminal defendants is “always relevant because those who commit crimes of any kind should be removed.”
Vaughan said Immigration and Customs Enforcement offices used to have active document identify benefits fraud task forces, but she said workload statistics suggest most have gone dormant.
“It was a real focus for them [in the past] because there was a nexus with smuggling operations,” she said.
Vaughan said ICE agents have the expertise and training other law enforcement agencies lack to develop crimes like food stamp fraud into trans-border crimes.
“ICE should be focused on these type of cases,” she said. “Usually, they have the other dots that can be connected.”
Governor claims media covered up welfare fraud investigation
Gov. Paul LePage said Tuesday that State House news reporters were “complicit” in covering up a federal welfare fraud investigation in Portland.
LePage, during his weekly phone-in interview on WVOM's Ric Tyler and George Hale radio show in Bangor, said his communications staff, Peter Steele and Adrienne Bennett, had been working for “months” to publicize the investigation into the Ahram Halal Market but were “ignored” by the news media in Augusta.
But reporters and editors for news outlets that cover the State House, including the Portland Press Herald, the Bangor Daily News, the Sun Journal of Lewiston, the Associated Press and Maine Public Radio, said LePage's staff never contacted them about the case.
Asked again why the administration didn't contact the news media, Steele replied: “It's kinda sad Maine reporters have to wait around for the Governor to have a press conference before writing about welfare fraud.”
Ted Cruz Goes 9 for 9 in Minnesota – Steals More Trump Delegates
Marco Rubio won the Minnesota caucus on March 1st.
Rubio won 17 delegates. Trump won 8 and Cruz won 13.
On Saturday the Cruz camp went out and stole some more delegates that did not belong to him.
FOX News and Cruz supporters call this a “good ground game.”
Cruz and the establishment went 9 for 9 on Saturday.
Sen. Ted Cruz wins 9 of 9 RNC national convention delegate slots up for grabs today in Minnesota CD3, CD4 & CD 6 pic.twitter.com/3m1NmjaPID — John Croman (@JohnCroman) April 24, 2016
@leslierosedahl Yes.. Some of those Cruz delegates will be bound to Trump on 1st ballot, and some to Rubio if he's on the slate. — John Croman (@JohnCroman) April 24, 2016
Of course, Cruz supporters call this a “grassroots win.”
–When Cruz steals delegates from another candidate.
Ordinary party grassroots volunteers & activists overwhelmingly prefer Cruz to Trump. https://t.co/gvTsTWvQBN — Dan McLaughlin (@baseballcrank) April 24, 2016
President Obama made a surprise appearance in the White House press briefing room Tuesday afternoon to deliver a paper plate full of cupcakes to honor the birthday he shares with veteran journalist Helen Thomas.
Obama, who is celebrating his 48th birthday, led the press corps in singing "Happy Birthday" to Thomas, who turned 89 today. He then delivered the cupcakes to Thomas and asked her to make a wish. "You gotta blow it out to make it come true," Obama instructed, before Thomas extinguished the one lit candle on the plate.
Obama then sat next to Thomas, a columnist for Hearst Newspapers, to pose for a picture. Before leaving, he told the assembled reporters that Thomas wished for "world peace, no prejudice -- but she and I also had a common birthday wish: she said she hoped for a real health care reform bill."
So they say knowing is half the battle, right? Well, someone said it somewhere once and I'm gonna go with it.
There are a couple of common writing mistakes that will instantly peg you as a novice to any agent or editor, but are really easy to fix if you know what they are. I've listed five really common ones here (with a bonus! sixth).
Take some time to unlearn these bad habits and you'll instantly move into the 90th percentile of all writers without doing much work.
Your characters grouse, whisper, bellow, and ejaculate their dialogue. Said. That's all you need and most of the time, you shouldn't even need that. Dialogue attributions are just markers to help orient the reader—we tend to glance over them anyway so cut them where you can. But stick to said, or ask, as proper (the character is asking a question). You use italics for emphasis. I battle so many writers on this one. Without italics, how will my reader know this is a thought? How will they know that the character stressed that word? Because you write it so they know. With practice you'll learn to put important words in important places, so you don't need fancy typography to shore up the copy. For now, cut the italics and trust your reader. They'll get it. You switch POV. It's fine to get inside a character's head, but bouncing around from person to person within a scene is awfully confusing for the reader. Stay with one character instead, and if you must change—save it for a scene break or other clear delineation. You've never seen a modifier you don't love. Adjectives and adverbs are the death of good writing. Pick strong, active verbs instead and cut the modifier. Try this: do a search for “ly” in your manuscript and you'll get a sense of how many times an adverb has crept into your writing. Do another search for “very.” This is an easy fix, though. Catch 'em. Kill 'em. You're showing off. Complex writing does not equal complex thought. Using big, fancy words (like say, overwrought instead of strained) and overwrought construction screams, “look at me, LOOK AT ME, BITCH!” Instead of getting out of the reader's way and letting the story envelop them, this kind of showy style puts a wall up and paints the author's face across it. It also kills clarity, which is just another wall in and of itself. Aim for clear, simple writing. Choose the plain word over the fancy one. Don't use two words when one will do.
And, here's a bonus just for my fantasy and science fiction writing friends.
Your character and place names are pretentious. A lot goes into a name, and getting them right in genre fiction can be hard. But just because you're writing high fantasy, for example, doesn't mean everyone needs to run around with names like Hurtzzhulnaznag or Nákhgolroggu. If we can't pronounce what you've written, we start to not want to read it either. Obviously, big problem there. Here's a red flag: you start using letters in your names that you have to look up the keystrokes for. Simplify, simplify, simplify.
Guys, trust me. There are so many bad writers out there. Writing is mostly crafted, and from the craft comes the art. But most of your unpublished competition doesn't want to learn the craft. Hell, they don't even want to make the art. In other words, they don't like writing—they like having written and all that comes with it. They'll never take the time to learn the craft, so every bit you learn puts you that much further ahead of the crowd.
Matt and Ross Duffer in an undated photo. REUTERS/Coutesy Netflix
(Reuters) - Streaming video service provider Netflix Inc said it will premiere its next series, “Montauk”, in 2016 as it looks to boost its original content in a highly competitive market.
The new drama series, set in 1980 Montauk, Long Island, is about a young boy who vanishes into thin air, Netflix said in a statement.
Netflix, which produces the Emmy-winning political thriller “House of Cards” and the comedy-drama “Orange Is the New Black,” is trying to push further into original programing in an effort to gain a larger audience.
Time Warner Inc's HBO will launch a standalone service over the Internet this month, in time for the season premiere of “Game of Thrones”, in a bid to challenge Netflix and Amazon.com Inc.
Netflix's “House of Cards” made history in 2013 when it became the first online series to win three Emmys and established Netflix as a leader in original entertainment.
Netflix said “Montauk” will have eight one-hour long episodes and will be written and directed by Matt Duffer and Ross Duffer.
The Duffer brothers recently directed their first feature film “Hidden”, about a family that takes refuge in a fallout shelter to avoid a dangerous outbreak.
Netflix shares were up marginally at $413.80 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq.
A judge has granted police extra time to investigate all election fraud in South Thanet, where the Conservative party snatched victory from UKIP denying Nigel Farage a seat in Parliament.
District judge Justin Barron said claims surrounding Tory expenses were on an “unprecedented scale”, could result in “election results being declared void”, and insisted there is a “very significant public interest in the matter being fully investigated”.
According to the Guardian, the judge added in his summary:
“In my judgment, the combination of circumstances before me is wholly exceptional and goes far beyond the usual circumstances that would exist in a typical case where election offences are being investigated.”
Tory candidate Craig Mackinlay won the seat by just 2,800 votes in last May's general election, but now stands accused of spending well over the legal limit of £15,000 on his campaign.
Yesterday the same court, Folkestone Magistrates, rejected an unusual request from the Tory MP to block police from investigating the allegations at all.
Mr. Farage accused the Tories of unfair play from the outset – pointing to the busloads of activists, cabinet ministers, the Mayor of London, and even staff from Tory Central Office and the Prime Minister's Office who had arrived in constituency to desperately campaign against the UKIP surge.
On the 13th of May, South Thanet Police insisted that initial investigations had revealed nothing suspicious.
“The council's returning officer is satisfied that the correct processes were followed and a member of the Electoral Commission was present at the election in Thanet,” they said in a statement.
However, a Channel 4 investigation subsequently raised serious questions about Tory spending, alleging that the party spent thousands of pounds on hotels, some that were used as “campaign headquarters”, which they did not disclose on election spending.
The Conservatives insist these activists were campaigning nationally, not for individual MPs, and that all their spending was “properly declared in accordance with the law”.
$\begingroup$
The plane is probably taking off. The flaps are hard to see but they don't quite look to be extended enough for landing (Looks like flaps 20). On a 747 they extend to around 45 degrees (flaps 30, but they curve around more than that) for landing and have a huge, unmistakable profile. Further, we know it's KBFI and we know the plane is on 31L from the photo. Looking at the area we can deduce... (click for bigger)
...that the plane is about 3500ft into the runway proper, and 4500ft if we count the displaced threshold (and just off the ground) with the face of the southmost Jorgensen Forge building visible in the background (along with the green GA hangars).
At 3500-4000ft into the runway, hovering over the last markers in the TDZ, this seems quite late to be a landing. It might be a very deep float, but I would expect more precision from an Air Force pilot flying the CINC around. Air Force One is heavier empty, but probably overall lighter than a loaded 747-200 (and has powerful engines), so a 4000ft takeoff run for a light 747-200/VC-25 is sensible and probably more likely than an extremely late landing.
The flaps are more than minimum for takeoff, but seemingly less than normal for landing. Maybe 31L was running shortened that day? Entry at B10 onto the displaced threshold would also give them an extra 1000ft - V1 just past the aim point and rotate near the end of the TDZ markers seems sensible enough.
EDIT
After running a series of simulations, it seems difficult for the VC-25 to be able to take off from where we see it, even when starting from B10. The VC-25 is 525,000lbs empty. With only 100,000lbs load (fuel+people) it can take off by B5 at flaps 20, but only by lifting off below V2 (no wind). This has to be a landing (confirmed by the newly discovered set of photos), but it is a very late landing indeed.
Amazon Home Services web site. (Courtesy of Amazon)
Amazon has long aimed to be your one-stop shop for buying items ranging from books to furniture. On Monday, the e-commerce giant announced it is now pushing to be your go-to destination for yet another kind of purchase: home services such as gutter repair, treadmill assembly and TV wall-mounting.
Amazon Home Services is a marketplace in which shoppers can schedule and pay for services from professionals that have been vetted by Amazon. Pricing for each service is available upfront, so customers know exactly what their tab will be. Much like on its e-commerce site, customer reviews will be available to help shoppers decide which service provider they want to commission. The company is promising it takes just 1 minute to buy pre-packaged services through this marketplace. Amazon also says that it will provide a refund for the services if a customer is not happy with the service provider's work.
[Related: Amazon adds one-hour delivery for Prime members, starting in Manhattan]
In order to ensure the quality of the service providers, Amazon will vet them with a background check and will require them to have the licenses needed for their line of work. Amazon will charge the businesses a selling fee of 10 to 20 percent.
At launch time, Amazon says it is starting with more than 2 million service offers across 700 different service categories, including common jobs such as painting, toilet replacement and ant treatment. Other services seem like they might appeal to only a niche audience; goat grazing, for example, is available in Seattle, while aerial dancing lessons are offered in Los Angeles.
Consumer review sites such as Angie's List and Yelp have already built wide audiences for their stable of customer reviews, so Amazon will likely have to fight to win some of those users. But Amazon will also have some key advantages in taking on these more established players. Angie's List keeps its reviews and listings behind a paywall, whereas Amazon's will be available to anyone who visits its site. And while Yelp users can read customer reviews for free, there's not a seamless way to book services from the site if you like what you see.
And of course, there's Amazon's massive scale: The company said its internal data show that more than 85 million of its customers are shopping for products that require professional services, meaning that perhaps they are shopping for an item such as a faucet, which needs installation, or a foosball table, which needs assembly. Amazon says it will list services alongside related products. So, for example, users might see a listing for a garbage disposal installer next to a product listing for a garbage disposal.
The move is part of Amazon's broader effort to expand beyond selling physical products such as diapers or digital goods such as its streaming TV show “Transparent.”
Jeffrey P. Bezos, the chief executive of Amazon, owns The Washington Post.
A rich sense of culture seems to span across the various settings of Star Wars, introducing fans to new species and worlds at almost every turn. With culture comes the unique languages spoken throughout the galaxy, and while “Basic” is the most widely-spoken language in some regions, it's hard to deny the flair and intrigue of the languages created for the various films, books, games, and other branches of the ongoing saga. Depending on where you are, certain words are used more often than others, and native dialect proudly permeates throughout all of the galaxy's inhabitants. Those languages, much like our own, contain their own colorful expressions for certain less-than-kind phrases — and while the encyclopedia of language continues to grow, it's good to keep up with the latest in galactic slang.
With that in mind: it's time to cover your younglings' ears, gills, and other assorted methods of hearing. Here's a refresher (and perhaps an introduction) to some of the newest and most creative alien phrases and Basic slang terms ever spoken, from the halls of the Death Star to the alleyways of Lothal. Whether you apply the terms to your daily cycle is up to you, but some of them are pretty great replacements for words that may have worn themselves out over time.
1. Sleemo
There are plenty of ways to call people a jerk, but this one is probably the most hilarious. This particular phrase might be heard in any underworld bar, but it seems most popular within the Outer Rim. Uttered most memorably by Anakin Skywalker in response to Sebulba's taunts before their historic podrace, this term has been part of quite a few insults in its time. Along with being tons of fun to say, “sleemo” narrows down the meaning of the phrase to a specific kind of jerk: a slimeball. Save this one for the most untrustworthy of scoundrels.
2. Spaced
Most popular among travelers and certain Imperials, this term is almost akin to the way Mafia films use “whacked.” Ultimately, whoever is spaced is dead, but the term is interesting thanks to the way it seems to bridge the gap between the common terms of an underworld sleemo and the jargon of an Imperial soldier.
3. Nerf herder
A timeless insult first uttered by Princess Leia in response to Han Solo's cockiness, nerf herder is a fairly common insult that, at its core, had even more insulting roots. In actuality, nerf herders took care of nerf creatures for a living. It's an insult to the occupation — essentially hinting at bad hygiene and idiocy — but it isn't the only one out there. Han Solo himself used the term “moof milker” in The Force Awakens, and while the term is an insult to someone's intelligence, it also refers to an actual occupation within the story.
4. Karabast!
Most notably used by Zeb Orrelios, this Lasat expression is often used to express frustration or surprise in dire situations. With the depletion of the Lasat, the phrase isn't as commonly used throughout the galaxy, which is likely why high-ranking Imperials like Agent Kallus and others from worlds closer to the core may not recognize it. Outside of Zeb, his crewmates have adopted the word, but none more heavily than Ezra Bridger. Its use isn't limited to moments where a hyperspace jump leads you directly into an Imperial blockade, either — try it next time you stub your toe, and see if hearing yourself say it out loud makes you feel any better.
5. Peedunky
Leave it to the Hutts to create terms as childishly hilarious as “peedunky” and “poodoo.” The latter is used much more often, and mostly as a swear word, which makes the definition of peedunky — which is a way to say “punk” — seem tame in comparison.
6. Kriffing
Now, this is swearing. “Kriffing” means almost exactly what it sounds like, and has been used in popular phrases such as “You're crooked as a kriffing Hutt!” in stories such as Servants of the Empire. While the word shouldn't take much explaining, its roots are planted firmly in Legends, created by Timothy Zahn himself. Long-time readers might remember this word from an array of stories following that, so it's interesting to see this little piece of vulgarity from the past has founds its place again.
7. E chu ta
This phrase was first uttered to C-3PO in The Empire Strikes Back by another protocol droid who, for lack of a better expression, didn't give a kriff about what ol' Goldenrod had to say. What's interesting about it is that it has no actual definition as of yet. “E chu ta” might very well be such a rude, vile expression that no one has ever been proud enough to openly define it, though it's not too hard to discern if you think about it.
There are plenty of other terms, all ranging from pretty tame (like Kitster's legendary use of “wizard” in The Phantom Menace) to completely disgusting (such as “choobies,” which — you can go ahead and just google that one, really) that fans can find dotted throughout various Star Wars stories. While the words get even more ruthless as you head into the outer rim, exploring the way language is used throughout the galaxy gives us a better look at the cultures that shape the story itself.
What are some of your favorite expressions used in the Star Wars films and stories? Let us know the comments below!
Catrina Dennis is a writer and Star Wars die-hard. In her spare time, she tells stories, yells very loudly about soccer, and hosts a few very cool podcasts. Catch up with her on Twitter @ohcatrina.
The familiar sunflower has provided great examples of adaptation by hybrids. Loren H. Rieseberg of the University of British Columbia and colleagues have found that two widespread species, the common sunflower and prairie sunflower, have combined at least three times to give rise to three hybrid species: the sand sunflower, the desert sunflower, and the puzzle sunflower.
The parental species thrive on moist soils in the central and Western states, but the hybrids are restricted to more extreme habitats. The sand sunflower, for instance, is limited to sand dunes in Utah and northern Arizona and the puzzle sunflower to brackish salt marshes in West Texas and New Mexico.
The species distributions suggest that the hybrids thrive where the parents cannot. Indeed, recent field tests that examined the relative ability of the parental species to thrive in the hybrids' habitat, and vice versa, found that the sand sunflower was better able than its parents to germinate, grow and survive in its dune habitat but fared relatively poorly in parental habitats. Similarly, the puzzle sunflower was much better at growing in salty conditions than its parents.
One lesson from the sunflowers appears to be that hybrids may succeed if they can exploit a different niche from their parents. The same phenomenon has been discovered in animal hybrids.
Photo
In the past 250 years, various forms of honeysuckle have been introduced to the Northeastern states. In the late 1990s, researchers led by Bruce McPheron of Pennsylvania State University discovered that this invasive honeysuckle was infested by a particular fruit fly species they called the Lonicera fly. When they analyzed DNA to determine its relationship to others, they were stunned to find that it was a hybrid of two closely related flies, the blueberry maggot and the snowberry maggot.
In laboratory experiments, the researchers found that the Lonicera hybrid preferred its honeysuckle host plant over its parent species' host plants and that each parent species preferred its own host plant over the other's. However, both parents also accepted honeysuckle. The researchers suggest that since the two parental species were thus more likely to encounter each other on honeysuckle in the wild, the newly invasive weed served as a catalyst for matings between the species and the formation of the hybrid species that now prefers honeysuckle.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The sunflower and Lonicera fly examples raise the question of whether hybridization between species has been more frequent than biologists once assumed. The most provocative report of possible hybridization came from the recent analysis of more than 60 percent of the Neanderthal genome sequence, which raised the specter of our ancestors commingling their genes with a long-diverged cousin.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Analyses of the overall genetic distance between Neanderthals and modern humans reveal that our DNA is 99.84 percent identical to that of Neanderthals. This small divergence indicates that the two lines split off from each other about 270,000 to 440,000 years ago. The fossil evidence shows that Neanderthals were restricted to Europe and Asia, whereas Homo sapiens originated in Africa. Various kinds of evidence indicate that modern humans migrated out of Africa and reached the Middle East more than 100,000 years ago and Europe by about 45,000 years ago, and would have or could have encountered Neanderthals for some time in each locale. The crucial question for paleontology, archaeology, and paleogenetics has been what transpired between the two species. To put it a little more crudely, did we date them or kill them, or perhaps both?
If the former, then there could be a bit of Neanderthal in some or all of us. The first comparisons of small sections of Neanderthal DNA did not indicate any hybridization, and the lack of interbreeding became a widely accepted conclusion. That remained the case until this year, when a much greater portion of the Neanderthal genome was obtained by Svante Paabo and colleagues at the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig, Germany. It now appears that 1 percent to 4 percent of the DNA sequence of Europeans and Asians, but not Africans, was contributed by Neanderthals mixing with Homo sapiens, perhaps in the Middle East 50,000 to 80,000 years ago. It is possible that some Neanderthal versions of genes enabled modern humans to adapt to new climates and habitats.
The discovery of hybrid species and the detection of past hybridizations are forcing biologists to reshape their picture of species as independent units. The barriers between species are not necessarily vast, unbridgeable chasms; sometimes they get crossed with marvelous results.
OSEN via Naver1. [+586, -16] Since this article was released, his actual comeback will be three months later2. [+354, -29] It must be what he recorded with Snoop Dogg and GD ㅎㅎ Looking forward to it.. do well, Psy!!3. [+271, -31] World star Psy, do well!4. [+258, -34] I have a feeling this one will be daebak5. [+227, -32] Psy's finally coming~~!~!~~?6. [+94, -10] They've been saing Taeyang's album will be released since last fall and it isn't here yet. Winner was supposed to debut in February and they haven't. Akdong Musician were supposed to debut in February and they haven't. If they released a plan, they should stick with it. I'm worried they're going to postpone Big Bang's third album release this summer...7. [+80, -2] Not like YG's ever followed a plan8. [+76, -9] Wasn't Winner supposed to be next? When's Winner then? Their February debut will end up past April at this rate..9. [+66, -11] Winner, Akdong Musician, and Big Bang!!!!!! What about them!!!!!!!! You lied about Winner debuting as soon as 'Win' was over. And where is Akdong Musician!!!! Stupid YG plans ㅠㅠㅠㅠ10. [+51, -4] Winner was supposed to be February ㅋㅋㅋ
Every share makes Black Voice louder! Share To
Greenville, N.C. University is investigating into March 17 incident of Patrick Myrick, a black man, severely assaulted by white students and then handcuffed by white police officers.
The university Chancellor Steve Ballard in his statement said that the dreadful incident started off on campus and ended at East Carolina University when the black student was on a run from the severe beating, and eventually was caught and beaten near a dining hall.
“We understand the investigation thus far provides no confirmation that race played a role. We hope that to be the case and we urge our campus and community to let the process work,” according to Ballard.
It's quite ridiculous, when the police act like they are doing their job, but lie to the public. The main question is why would the victim be cuffed in the first place? It's clear that the police refused to analyze the situation and took the victim's race into consideration, which can be fairly considered as racial profiling.
Officers always want to ‘throw dust in the eyes' of people, making them believe they are fair in their judgement.
However, we all know that when it comes to dealing with blacks, America is always biased; and this incident is just another proof.
Ensure to visit this page for all exclusive updates and uncensored news. Kindly SHARE this article on any social media of your choice.
The question above may at first blush sound a bit silly. Of course flash is useful. It's used in millions of websites all over the world. In fact, without flash we wouldn't have one of the world's most popular websites, YouTube. The question then isn't whether or not flash is useful. The question is whether it's useful for your website.
Flash Animations
When I say that flash may not be useful for your website, let's exclude the obvious. Obviously if you run videos on your website, you'll want to provide them in flash or Silverlight or some other system which can display the videos in a streaming fashion. What I am concerned about however is the increasingly large number of websites with annoying flash animations.
While a small amount of flash animation can make your website look more attractive, I've seen too many sites lately that seem to go overboard because they think that flash is so cool and so they run all kinds of fancy animations which can get annoying very easily.
Splash Pages
One thing for example that has me increasingly annoyed is the flash splash screen. Really, if I wanted to watch a five minute animation before I get any information that's actually useful from your website, I'd go ahead and visit YouTube, where I'd still get the information faster because most of the videos there get to the point quicker.
I've also seen a number of websites, including some big names, like the New York Times who are now doing flash animation splash screens as a way to push advertising onto their readers.
While I get that you want readers to look at your ads and that people tend to ignore ads when they read websites, I am also of the opinion that annoying your readers is not the way to get people to keep coming back.
There has been more than one occasion when a flash animation, either for a splash screen or an ad made me close the site completely and look elsewhere for the information I needed rather than having to endure such a long and annoying splash screen.
All Flash Means No Search Traffic
Making your website entirely in flash may seem like a great idea since it can look really cool. There's just one problem (well, aside from your ability to easily annoy the crap out of your visitors): you won't be indexed because Google and the other search engines can only read text.
Even if you have an Alt tag included, you're not going to get page rank from putting only flash animations onto your website. Plus, if you use Google Analytics, you'll find it's impossible to see what's popular on your website because there's simply nothing for Analytics to read except that a flash animation was played.
Even a Small Amount of Flash Can Be a Problem
Even when you have a website which is primarily in HTML, flash can be a problem if you overdo it. That's because flash slows down the loading of a web page and as I've said before, if your website loads too slowly, people will simply click away and Google won't index you.
So I Shouldn't Use Flash At All?
That's not at all what I'm saying, but the impression could certainly be gleaned from what I've said here that flash is bad no matter what. No, what I'm saying is that you need to keep flash to a minimum and use it to enhance a website rather than making it an end unto itself.
Ottawa Senators forward Ales Hemsky found instant chemistry with linemates Jason Spezza and Milan Michalek after he was acquired in a deadline-day deal with the Edmonton Oilers. The trio of skilled forwards produced goals and highlights aplenty, at least providing Senators fans with a fun silver lining to go with the club's disappointing campaign.
That's the thing thing about silver linings though, they still come attached to dark clouds.
The Spezza, Michalek, Hemsky line that enthralled Senators fans over the latter six weeks of the season seems poised to meet a spectacular end this offseason. With Spezza on the trade block, and Michalek and Hemsky poised to hit the open market as unrestricted free agents, it seems possible - even probable - that all three forwards have played their final games in Senators red.
Hemsky and the club reportedly broke off negotiations this week, according to the Ottawa Sun's Bruce Garrioch. Garrioch's reporting suggests that Hemsky's camp was looking for a contract "in excess of $5.5 million per-season" while the "Senators were not prepared to make that kind offer."
So Hemsky's short-lived Senators tenure is apparently over, and it ended as quickly as it began. It was fun while it lasted, at least.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The wives accuse authorities of curtailing freedoms in China
There are plenty of places from which a piece of journalism could be written to mark United Nations Human Rights Day.
But the raising of concern by the UN this week over the case of the missing lawyer Jiang Tianyong makes Beijing as good a choice as any.
Chen Guiqiu was the one of the last known people to see Mr Jiang, in November.
Image copyright Chen Guiqiu Image caption Ms Chen (far right) is seen here with Mr Jiang (second from left) and other local lawyers in this photo taken last month
"He came to my home in Changsha to learn about my husband's case," she tells me.
"We went to the detention centre together. After he left, he just went missing. We haven't heard from him since."
Ms Chen is herself a powerful illustration of what is widely regarded as a deteriorating human rights situation in China.
Her husband, Xie Yang, disappeared in July 2015 along with dozens of other lawyers, legal assistants and activists as part of a sweeping crackdown against human rights advocates.
"It's because he worked on lots of sensitive cases, demolition, forced relocation, that kind of thing," she says.
"All cases in which people are trying to fight against the government."
It was more than a year before any lawyer was given access to Mr Xie, reportedly finding him to be suffering from head wounds as a result of beatings by guards.
Image copyright Chen Guiqiu Image caption Xie Yang went missing in July 2015
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Beijing's crackdown on human rights lawyers
Now Jiang Tianyong, the man who was hoping to help with the case, is also feared to have disappeared into a legal black hole - becoming the latest victim of China's so-called War on Law.
UN Human Rights Day falls on 10 December, commemorating the date on which the United Nations General Assembly adopted the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in 1948.
Mr Jiang had often found himself devoid of that protection over the years, allegedly tortured on occasion by state security services as a result of his work defending high profile and sensitive human rights cases.
This time, the UN suspects, he has been detained because of it.
In August he met the UN Special Rapporteur on extreme poverty and human rights, Philip Alston, during his visit to China.
Earlier this week Mr Alston expressed concern that the disappearance might be linked to that meeting.
"The international standards are clear: states must refrain from and protect all persons from acts of reprisal," the UN quotes Mr Alston as saying.
Despite legal protections written into Chinese law for detained suspects, there are wide loopholes in cases involving "national security."
It means the authorities are able to hold suspects for months on end, without access to lawyers or family members.
And when those family members attempt to seek justice on their behalf, they too run the risk of punitive reprisals.
Image copyright Wang Qiaoling Image caption Li Heping is among several lawyers who have been detained
Seeking answers
In a restaurant in Beijing I meet with three other wives also campaigning for news of their detained lawyer husbands.
Wang Qiaoling, Li Wenzu and Yuan Shanshan have not seen their husbands, nor had any direct contact with them, since last July's crackdown.
"We've heard nothing since he was arrested," Ms Li says of her husband Wang Quanzhang.
"He was denied rights to meet his lawyer, we've had no information and we couldn't even write letters to him."
"They've chased us out of rented flats," she goes on. "All my local kindergartens have been instructed not to take my four-year-old child."
"We've been detained and beaten and our activities are being monitored."
Image caption Li Wenzu (left) spoke of how her family was harassed after her husband's disappearance
After a quick breakfast they walk to the Supreme Prosecutor's Appeals and Petitions Office to submit a formal request for answers about their husbands' cases and to plead for due process to be followed.
We follow them but are soon stopped from filming, so we meet up with the women a short time later outside a subway station.
They have submitted their petitions - although supporting documents were rejected - and they hold out little hope.
"They told us to trust the justice system," Wang Qiaoling says.
"The security guards treated us very rudely," Yuan Shanshan tells me. "They treated us like enemies, taking off our hats, scarves and coats, and inspecting us very carefully."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Yuan Shanshan, wife of human rights lawyer Xie Yanyi, has not seen her husband for a year
China, in its evidence to the UN, has denied allegations of torture.
It specifically denied one such allegation of torturing Jiang Tianyong during a hearing last year.
And it often appeals to the argument that it is wrong to judge it by the "Western" concepts of human rights, pointing to the huge strides that have been made in tackling poverty over the past few decades.
But while China's rapid development has indeed produced many winners, there are many losers too.
'War on Law'
As the three wives arrive at the petitions office there are, as always, large numbers of other aggrieved individuals, clutching bundles of paper, hoping to seek redress for their own injustices that are often years old.
One man shows me his claim for compensation as the result of an industrial accident.
A mother burst into tears while showing me a photo of her son who she claims was killed in police custody.
And as China continues to grow richer, critics attempt to turn the Communist Party's argument on its head.
As the world's second largest economy plays an increasing role on the global stage, they suggest, it is more important than ever that it develops a system whereby the arbitrary use of authority can be held to account.
Which is why, on UN Human Rights day, it is worth pausing to reflect on China's so-called War on Law.
"Our economy is growing fast," Chen Guiqiu, wife of the detained lawyer Xie Yang tells me.
"But the problems that exist at the bottom of the society still need attention from people like our husbands. The government should see this as helpful for society."
"Unfortunately, they don't."
Dock Master Eric Ferraro, right, mans the bowline for Skip and Valerie Abbott of Long Island on Tuesday, May 24, 2016, at the Troy Marina and Docks in Troy, N.Y. The couple stopped on their way home from Port Bay in Lake Ontario. The marina opened Tuesday marking the official start of the 2016 boating season. (Cindy Schultz / Times Union) less Dock Master Eric Ferraro, right, mans the bowline for Skip and Valerie Abbott of Long Island on Tuesday, May 24, 2016, at the Troy Marina and Docks in Troy, N.Y. The couple stopped on their way home from Port ... more Photo: Cindy Schultz Buy photo Photo: Cindy Schultz Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close Troy Marina opens for season 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
Troy
The glory days of Troy's waterfront — when canal boats lined up next to ocean-going vessels, warehouses lined River Street and banks filled First Street, may be long gone.
But recreational boaters have become almost as important to the city's downtown, visiting restaurants and stores, and participating in walking tours of Troy's historic sites.
So on a rainy Tuesday morning, Troy Mayor Patrick Madden joined his sister, Rensselaer County Executive Kathy Jimino, and other local officials gathered under a tarp on the Brown's Brewing Co. deck to announce the opening for the season of the Troy Downtown Marina.
The marina is still recovering from tropical storms Irene and Lee, which in 2011 destroyed many of its docks and damaged electric supplies and other infrastructure.
But other services have been restored. The marina offers boaters fuel, hot showers and bathrooms. On Tuesday, workers were installing equipment to provide boaters with wifi.
And after a $14.1 million federally funded project to rebuild 7,000 feet of seawall from Hutton Street south to the Poesten Kill is completed next year, the marina will undergo $1.1 million in improvements.
"In addition to serving as another gateway for visitors to our city, the Troy Downtown Marina provides significant economic benefits to our restaurants and small businesses," Madden said.
Boaters in the Capital Region typically spend from $935 to more than $5,200 per year, depending on the size of the boat, with 18 percent of that going to restaurant meals, another 18 percent to groceries, 8 percent to marina services, and 4 percent to lodging, according to figures from the National Marine Manufacturers Association.
Another 4 percent goes to recreation and entertainment, and 3 percent to other shopping.
"We welcome visitors to come shop, dine and explore our city's creative and walkable downtown this summer," said Katie Hammon, interim director of the Downtown Troy Business Improvement District.
Independent boaters aren't the only ones using the marina's services.
Troy Dock Master Eric Ferraro said two cruise lines — American and Blount — also stop several times during the season.
Together, their ships visit about 20 times a year, Ferraro estimated.
Local industrial historian P. Thomas Carroll of the Hudson Mohawk Industrial Gateway leads the groups on walking tours. Passengers also visit the Rensselaer County Historical Society and other landmarks.
Next year, Madden said, the Troy river wall will be undergoing repairs, so the marina isn't expecting to operate.
But it will return the following year after repairs are complete.
The marina charges $1.50 per foot of boat length per night, and $1.25 per foot for daytime docking. Docking is free for the first three hours.
eanderson@timesunion.com • 518-454-5323
Mosques in Belgium and the Netherlands are financed by drug money, says reporter
Reporter Stef Meerberger said on Belgian national TV that mosques in the city of Antwerp receive drug money on a monthly basis.
Meerberger was on television to give clarification regarding his documentary on the cocaine trade in Antwerp. He said:
“The reality is hard to control but also much worse than we can image. Several cash flows are clearly traceable and I ask myself the question: Why aren't the police and the district attorney acting on this?”
The reporter added that he heard from a very reliable source that mosques, particularly in the Netherlands and in the Belgian city of Antwerp, are financed with drug money.
According to him, some mosques do not ask for formal recognition because then they would have to give financial transparency.
What is a food chain? A food chain is a flow of energy from a green plant (producer) to an animal (consumer) and to another animal (another consumer) and so on. In this lesson we are going to talk all about food chains and food webs in the environment. All organisms need energy to live. Energy is obtained from food. Green plants are the only organisms that can capture energy from sunlight and make their own food. Try Food Chains Quiz 1 and Food Chains Quiz 2 at the end of the lesson to check your knowledge.
Producers of a food chain
A green plant should always be the first link of a food chain. Green plants are the only organisms that can directly get the sun's energy and make their own food through a process called photosynthesis.
What are herbivores?
Herbivores are animals that only feed on plants.
What are omnivores?
Omnivores are animals that eat a variety of food of both plant and animal origin.
Carnivores and Top Predators
Carnivores are animals that only feed on other animals. These are also known as the top predators as they are at the highest point of the food chain. Top predators have a little or no enemies. They usually consume all lower levels and are not consumed by any other animals until they die. Lions, tigers, crocodiles, eagles are the best examples for top predators.
Some other examples of top predators
Prey
Prey is an animal that a predator feeds on. For example, a lion feeds on a zebra. So, the zebra is the prey of the lion.
All animals depend on plants directly or indirectly for food and energy.
Primary Consumers
Primary consumers are the second link of a food chain. They are usually herbivores that eat green plants or sometime omnivores that eat both plants and animals.
The green plants are the food of all herbivores that are primary consumers.
Secondary Consumers
Secondary consumers are the third link of a food chain. They can be either omnivores or carnivores.
The herbivores are the food for carnivores that are secondary, tertiary or quaternary consumers.
Tertiary and Quaternary Consumers
Tertiary consumers are the fourth link of a food chain while quaternary consumers are the fifth link of a food chain. They are usually the carnivores that are top predators.
Secondary consumers are the food for carnivores or top predators that are tertiary or quaternary consumers.
Sometimes tertiary consumers can be the food for quaternary consumers.
Likewise, step by step, the energy in food flows from the producers to consumers.
Scavengers and decomposers
When an organism dies, it is eventually eaten by scavengers like crows, vultures, ants, worms and crabs and broken down by decomposers (mostly bacteria and fungi), and the exchange of energy continues in the environment.
Crows, vultures and hyenas are the best examples of vertebrate scavengers while ants are good invertebrate scavengers in the environment. They eat dead bodies of animals and plants.
Bacteria, fungi, algae, lichens are the examples of decomposers. They break down dead bodies of plants and animals and let the essential nutrients in the dead matter mix with the ecosystem again, so that no waste would pile up.
What is a food chain?
A food chain is a flow of energy from a green plant (producer) to an animal (consumer) and to another animal (another consumer) and so on.
What does a food chain show us?
1) A food chain shows us a series of living things that depend on each other for food energy.
2) A food chain shows us the relationship between the animals and plants in a habitat.
3) A food chain shows us the way energy flows through a habitat.
What are the features of a food chain?
1) There are usually three or four organisms in a food chain:
Each of these organisms in a food chain is called a link. These links make a food chain.
2) Food chains usually start with a producer or a green plant :
This is the link where energy from the sun enters the food chain.
Food Chains
Food Web
In nature the food chains are not as direct as we've seen them in our discussion. The food chains are highly cross linked (connected) and highly complicated. In any habitat there may be many kinds of animals that feed on the same plants and there may be many predators that feed on the same kinds of prey. Therefore there will be several food chains in any habitat. These food chains are inter-linked and they form food networks in the habitat.
What is a food web?
A type of food network with several inter-linked food chains in a habitat is called a food web.
Food Web
Bunker heat: The NRL has been testing a virtual onside line using Hawk-Eye technology. Gooden insisted the technology was not available to the bunker – or anyone – on the night. "How they can say … 100 per cent that Dylan Walker was offside is beyond me," Sea Eagles coach Trent Barrett fumed after the match. He is facing a hefty fine for his post-match comments. The decision prompted angry Manly fans and commentators to demand the introduction of the same virtual line technology, as used in other sports such as the NFL and English Premier League. The truth is the NRL has been working away at it all season.
As revealed by Fairfax Media in March, the NRL has been working closely with Hawk-Eye experts. It had hoped to introduce the technology by round 13 this year. The idea has been raised at competition committee meetings and put in front of some coaches, but the feeling is the technology should not be used until it is 100 per cent accurate. Indeed, the technology is much more complex than merely Photo-shopping a red line over a screen shot from a TV replay. "The first thought was you put a line on the screen like it has been done in other sports, but we worked out in rugby league it's a lot more complex for a lot of reasons," Gooden said. "The first part is that there aren't enough cameras. When soccer does it, it's generally around the penalty goal box. With rugby league, it's the whole hundred metres." The other issue at play is the offside ruling for kicks.
"It's two feet behind the ball," Gooden said. "The referee's interpretation is that it's [in line] with the back of the ball. Then throw into the mix that when the player kicks it, his foot is off the ground." In other words, it's difficult to determine exactly when the kick has been placed. For these reasons, Gooden said the NRL wasn't prepared to rush through technology that wasn't quite ready. Given the heat the bunker has been wearing this year, that is understandable. "It works the majority of the time," he said. "But the times when it causes problems is when it is on the far side of the field and you're trying to see if the winger or centre is on-side because they get smaller in the image. The technology is telling you if it's on or off. The concern is it's not reflected in the image itself. "The unanimous view is that it's not quite there. If we throw it in and it tells a 50-50 story for a try, it will cause more problems for the game."
The Canadian Press
OTTAWA - Canada's justice minister says it is up to his Conservative caucus colleague Maurice Vellacott to explain why he recommended a Diamond Jubilee medal for a repeat offender jailed for harassing women over abortion.
LifeSiteNews.com, a pro-life advocacy site, says Vellacott used one of his 30 allotted Queen's honours to reward the anti-abortion efforts of Mary Wagner, whose aggressive actions "counselling" women in abortion clinics have repeatedly landed her behind bars.
The Saskatchewan MP also nominated Linda Gibbons, another longtime pro-life advocate and frequent convict on mischief charges.
Wagner, 38, is currently in jail in Toronto awaiting trial after entering a clinic in August -- this following a conviction earlier in the summer for a similar offence last November when she attempted to force her way into a Toronto clinic's private treatment area.
Justice Minister Rob Nicholson says it is up to Vellacott to address the matter, but that he personally is very happy to have awarded Diamond Jubilee medals to victims of crime.
Vellacott was quoted by LifeSiteNews comparing Wagner and Gibbons to Martin Luther King for using civil disobedience in a just cause.
Air Canada and CUPE say the airline's flight attendants have approved a 10-year agreement reached with the carrier last month.
The union said in a statement that the agreement was accepted by a narrow margin, but did not provide a voting margin.
The new deal covers some 6,500 flight attendants at Air Canada, the country's largest airline, and 700 at its low-cost carrier, Air Canada Rouge.
This is the fifth collective agreement reached between the airline and it employees in just over a year, including a 10-year pact with the airline's 3,000 pilots adopted in October 2014.
No details have been released, but Michel Cournoyer, the head of CUPE's Air Canada unit, says it contains annual wage increases, "unprecedented job security along with numerous important improvements to working conditions."
"This new, 10-year agreement with CUPE is an important development which will support long term profitable growth for the benefit of Air Canada, said Benjamin Smith, the airline's president of passenger airlines.
"This is a win-win agreement that will provide added stability and flexibility while acknowledging the important contribution of our flight attendants towards Air Canada's future success."
The agreement has also been approved by the Air Canada board of directors.
Once seen as a way to ensure fair elections, closed primaries have become a main contributor to the polarization of American politics
Jessica Rinaldi/Reuters
There's a rare event on the opinion pages of the Washington Post, a veteran political operative admitting he's been wrong -- really wrong. Mark A. Siegel explains:
A significant factor in the polarization of American politics is the "closed primary" -- contests that restrict participation to registered party members. This is an unanticipated consequence of what was meant to be a positive reform of the Democratic Party nominating system, preventing strategically mischievous "crossover voting." As Democrats changed state statutes to close their primaries, the laws generally affected Republican primaries as well. By excluding independent voters, who generally are ideological moderates, the restrictions narrowed the internal debate within both parties and accelerated the radicalization of American politics. I am not a bystander to this process. I have served as executive director of the Democratic National Committee and as a member of three Democratic delegate selection reform commissions that incrementally moved to restrict participation in our party nominating processes...
What began as an "honorable" antidote to episodes like Michigan Republicans voting for George Wallace in 1972 has bitten the Democrats back, damaging their cause far more, Mr. Siegel tacitly acknowledges, than the work of such isolated spoilers:
Closed primaries affect politics and public policy. They are empirically skewed to the parties' base constituencies, exaggerating their role and impact. They produce spectacles such as the one we saw during the recent debt-ceiling crisis, when the ideological rigidity among House Republican freshmen prevented Speaker John Boehner from negotiating a "grand deal" with President Obama that included a balance of revenue enhancers and entitlement reform -- an approach supported by two-thirds of Americans, according to an August Gallup survey... We have a Congress of ideologues representing a country of pragmatists who increasingly feel alienated by partisan rancor. Indeed, a Gallup poll found that on the debt-ceiling debate, 82 percent of Americans thought members of Congress were guided by partisan advantage while only 14 percent thought they were acting out of what was good for the country.
This isn't the first time Republicans have run with liberal ideas. Vietnam draft protestors helped give us the all-volunteer army, without which the politics of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars would probably have looked very different. Jimmy Carter's White House Conference on Families helped launch one of the most effective religious conservative organizations, the Family Research Council. As my friend the sociologist Gary Alan Fine has observed, it was liberals who encouraged the formation of J. Edgar Hoover's FBI during the New Deal, giving it authority to investigate subversion. Martin Dickstein, the New York Democratic representative who inspired the establishment of the House Un-American Activities Committee (HUAC) primarily to investigate Nazi sympathizers like those in Dickstein's Yorkville district, remains the only member of Congress known to have spied for the Soviet Union. Of course HUAC targeted almost exclusively the Left after World War Two.
Returning to primaries. I'd personally appreciate letting independents vote in either party's primary, but then wouldn't all would-be partisan spoilers then register as independents, as at least one comment on the Siegel op-ed observed? As the Connecticut political scientist Gary L. Rose observed only half jokingly of his own state last year, maybe it's time to "bring back the bosses."
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
There are several misconceptions related to Google Glass, since the wearable technology was announced. Many believe that it is all about augmented reality and would offer services that are commonly found in tools that are empowered by AR technology. However, once you get the chance to try on a pair you will realize that Glass is not at all that. For many, it can be a shortcoming for Glass. And this exactly where Meta is aiming at; in fact, the public sale of their first version has already started.
The Meta Glasses look exactly like a normal pair of glasses or a pair of safety goggles in its current stage. However, each eye piece includes a translucent and reflective surface that display images on top of your view field with the help of a tiny projector that is built in the arm of the frames. To function properly, Meta plugs into another device, a laptop at present, for data crunching. Later on, you can plug this headwear into your phone.
This headwear debuted itself on Kickstarter in May 2013 and after the completion of their campaign, the company gathered double of their original goal, which was $100,000. And those units will be shipped to the benefactors by the end of this month. And the company boasts to be on track to meet their deadline. Meta is now opening up their next iteration's pre-sales to everyone.
However, on the downside of this headgear many believe that Meta is launching it quite early. Though these glasses have passed the level of ‘Developers Only', it is generally meant for tinkerers and hardcore early-adopters. The model is called META.01 and it seems that many revisions are about to come. Priced at $667, META.01 units will begin shipping in November.
Since its Kinect-taped-to-glasses days, Meta pulled in various hardware designers to allow their glass to become more slender than their Kickstarter variant. Despite that, Meta.01 is likely to be a little cumbersome than the potential final product.
Meta added various pairs of functional glasses coupled with several working tech demos. The moment you will put on this glass, a number will hover in front of your eyes telling you the distance between the object you are looking at and you. A floating rectangle will appear in space if you held up your hand and will follow your palm wherever it will go. And regarding the augmented reality part, Meta glasses allow users to watch video shots even on standard and blank printer paper that doesn't even include any kind of QR code. Now this is indeed exciting; however, the image will be floating in the middle instead of not rendering edge to edge perfectly. Meta has actually addressed one of the hardest vision challenges of computer with their glass – the concept of tracking blank white objects.
The AR technology of Meta also supports hand gestures and the hope that with the help of this AR technology people will be able to do full-fledged 3D modeling.
The head of the AR research department of Columbia University and one of the leading augmented reality experts, Steve Feiner is the lead advisor of the company. And their Chief Scientist is Steve Mann who is popularly known as “father of wearable computing”.
Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest writer and not necessarily by augmentedrealitytrends.com
The “Mednoe” Memorial Complex in Tver Kirill Chaplinsky / TASS
Eighty years ago, on July 30, 1937, secret NVKD order number 00447 was signed. This day is widely considered the start of the “Great Terror,” a period of political repressions lasting into 1938 during which no less than 1.7 million people were arrested, more than 700,000 of whom were executed. Soviet secret police targeted “enemies of the people,” “counterrevolutionaries,” “wreckers,” and their friends and relatives. To mark the anniversary of this human catastrophe, Meduza asked historian Sergey Bondarenko, who works with the civil rights society “Memorial,” to answer some of the most basic, embarrassingly ignorant questions about the Stalinist repressions between 1937 and 1938.
What exactly happened in 1937?
During the summer of 1937, a whole series of repressive campaigns by the state got underway. Today, we know this period as the start of the “Great Terror.” Coined by British historian Robert Conquest in the 1960s, the term only gained currency in Russia after Perestroika. NKVD order number 00447 launched the so-called “kulak operation,” leading to the arrests of peasants, priests, former nobles, and individuals suspected of ties to the anti-Bolshevik counterrevolutionaries or various opposition political parties. Almost in parallel with this effort, police carried out a campaign against different ethnic minorities, arresting Germans, Poles, Latvians, and many others. A purge of the army began with the arrests of several major military commanders. Thousands of people found themselves in prison camps, charged with having ties to enemies of the people. These individuals were known as “members of the families of traitors to the Motherland.”
Why did the Soviet government think this was necessary? Why did it happen precisely when it did?
The middle of 1937 marked a drastic surge in the Soviet state's terror campaign, but the groundwork and planning for this effort was years in the making. One starting point often cited is December 1, 1934, the day the Bolsheviks' top man in Leningrad, Sergey Kirov, was shot and killed. To this day, Joseph Stalin's role in the murder hasn't been explained definitively. In the years after Kirov's death, the number of arrests in the USSR spiked, and officials in Moscow started holding show trials against former Bolshevik leaders, like the “Trial of the Twenty-One,” which resulted in a massive purge of the nation's security elite, including Nikolai Yezhov replacing Genrikh Yagoda as NKVD commissar. Reports appearing in the Soviet press during this era are filled with stories about the necessity of escalating the government's repressions. New prison camps were opening to hold future “enemies,” and the state was busy forming special commissions to review their criminal cases.
There are many theories that try to explain why the Great Terror started when it did. In addition to explanations focusing on the internal logic of how the situation developed (Nikolai Yezhov took command of the NKVD in September 1936, and spent a year preparing the agency to carry out the mass purges), historians often rightly point out that the foreign policy situation played an enormous role: the course of the war in Spain, where the Communists were defeated by Franco's army, the rise of Nazi Germany, and the next world war everyone could feel coming. Against this background, the USSR succumbed to spy mania. The first candidates in the search for domestic enemies turned out to be “former people”: “rich” peasants, priests, socialist-revolutionaries, and everyone they knew — their families, friends, and colleagues.
Another no less important reason for the Great Terror was the very system of rule that had developed in the Soviet Union in the 20 years since the time of the revolution. Without any civil or political freedoms, in the absence of a free press or real elections for government office, terror became the primary means of carrying out any social transformation. Violence became familiar, and repressions may have scared people, but the public came to see them as a part of everyday life. In this respect, 1937 stands out simply by virtue of its sheer scale and intensity. The country had already endured the Red Terror, collectivization and dekulakization, and the industrialization-engineered famines of the early 1930s in Ukraine, Kazakhstan, and the Volga region. In this sense, the Great Terror was just another unique event in an already existing chain of similar occurrences.
This image was taken by the Moscow Canal when Nikolai Yezhov (right) was water commissar. After he fell from power, he was arrested, shot, and had his image removed by the censors.
How many victims were there total? Why is it often said that the scale of the Great Terror is exaggerated?
During the most active period of the Great Terror — from August 1937 until November 1938 (when Yezhov was removed from the NKVD) — more than 1.7 million people were arrested on political charges. The authorities executed more than 40 percent of these prisoners. These statistics, incidentally, represent just the minimum number of victims, given that the Soviet state was still exiling and deporting other citizens (at least 200,000 of them) according to ordinary administrative procedures. Hundreds of thousands of people were convicted of being “socially harmful elements.” Many of the formally criminal statutes at the time (like punishments for truancy or being late to work) could also be construed as politically motivated. With all this in mind, we can add another few hundred thousand victims to the total number of people killed in the Great Terror.
Statements about “exaggerations” of the terror's death toll are usually based on two beliefs: reservations about supposedly “falsified” Soviet statistics (though archivists have since published many regional arrest “plans” and collections of memoirs based on archival materials, not to mention Stalin's execution lists); or (and you encounter this one more often) doubts about the very essence of “political” charges. Many believe that police only arrested people for a good reason.
Well it's not like they just up and arrested random people, is it? They were probably guilty of something!
The fundamental feature of Soviet political terror in the late 1930s was its profound irrationality and unpredictability. In this regard, it differed significantly from the Nazi terror to which it's often compared, Yes, belonging to one of the “incorrect” citizen categories could carry certain threats, but the police also arrested street cleaners, and machinists, and housewives, and athletes, and artists — anyone was vulnerable, in short. Only a very small minority of those arrested were ever guilty of some real “undesirable activity” (whether any act that deviated from party politics qualifies as a crime is a separate issue). Everyone else locked up or shot during this campaign was just another member of the USSR's law-abiding public. Because investigators in these cases often resorted to the active use of torture (physical violence, threats against the suspects' families, extended sleep deprivation), the share of “confessors” was close to 100 percent. Confessions, moreover, were treated as the most significant evidence in support of a suspect's guilt, along with corroborating testimony from other people (friends and colleagues) who'd already been arrested or executed.
Is it true that the purges first and foremost affected the party leadership itself?
Of the 1.7 million people arrested in the Great Terror, only about 100,000 had some connection to the Bolsheviks. These individuals were largely Komsomol members and ordinary party members, with only a few party bosses. Of course, one of Stalin's goals in carrying out the terror was the destruction of the “old Bolsheviks” and revolutionaries, though many of these people by this point were playing only secondary or even tertiary roles in politics and presented no real opposition to the party. The idea of the Great Terror as a campaign against the party emerged during the Khrushchev era, when the state tried to present “loyal Leninists” as the main victims of Stalin's crimes, simultaneously downplaying the overall scale of the repressions themselves.
Why is Stalin blamed for the repressions, if the Soviet people themselves reported each other to the authorities?
Another very common myth about the Great Terror is that there were “three, maybe four, a million” denouncements to the police. Citizens actively reporting each other to the authorities was part of the country's general political hysteria, and it doubtlessly played its part in the mass arrests, but far more people were arrested simply based on lists compiled well in advance, according to certified “plans” targeting “unreliable” citizens at different levels.
It's also important to understand that many citizens were coerced to report their friends and neighbors. Under colossal psychological pressure, people gave false testimony against their loved ones. Investigators often presented individuals with a choice between the possibility (most often illusory) of personal survival or signing a document with allegations against someone else. These denouncements are part of another key question: how much responsibility does society bear for state terror? It's important to recognize the involvement of many people who helped carry out the Great Terror, but that doesn't justify characterizing the repressions as a purely “bottom-up initiative.”
Did Stalin personally give orders for executions? Was he so directly involved?
He did and he was, of course. Of 383 lists compiled for the personal review of Politburo members (the so-called “Stalin's shooting lists”), Stalin personally signed 357 of them. More than 44,000 people were convicted according to this “list principle.” The vast majority of these people were shot. Additionally, Stalin and his inner circle built the entire architecture of the Terror, and the repressions were carried out under his direct control. Stalin received memos about the mass arrests, personally added individual names to the lists, and also reviewed the records of investigators' interrogations.
How were the arrests and executions recorded?
Unlike many earlier repressive campaigns (such as the Red Terror or dekulakization), the major operations of the Great Terror were quite well documented. In addition to the already mentioned “Stalin's lists,” archivists preserved numerous coded messages from the field requesting clarifications and expansions regarding the arrest “plans” drawn up and distributed by the central authorities. The number of arrests was recorded and reported. Investigators held “socialist competitions” to see who could close more cases.
A report on an NKVD death sentence carried out against a priest named Pavel Florensky in 1937. TASS
The archival and investigative files of people arrested between 1937 and 1938 bear a stamp that reads, “Keep stored indefinitely.” Should you wish, you can go to the archives and read the case details of most of the people arrested (and rehabilitated) during the Great Terror.
Did they ever arrest someone and later release them, after realizing they'd made a mistake?
The stories of prisoners being miraculously freed or saved belong generally to the 1920s or first half of the 1930s. The very design of the investigations between 1937 and 1938 made no room for exonerations: the accused had no right to an attorney and there was no appeals process (very often, sentences were carried out the same day that a court or a “troika” extra-judicial authority reached the verdict).
In what's occasionally referred to as the “Beria Amnesties,” some of the people arrested under Yezhov were released in 1939. Prisoners who were lucky enough to have avoided being sentenced before November 1938 sometimes managed to get their cases reviewed. This usually happened thanks to a case getting a new investigator, or when proceedings hadn't formally concluded. Most of these hundreds of thousands of people, however, ended up being arrested later, during World War II or afterwards, between 1947 and 1948, when the Great Terror's prison camp survivors were arrested once again.
How many people were punished for participating in the executions? Was there ever any system put in place to prosecute the NKVD officers?
According to the available data, roughly 1,000 NKVD agents were arrested along with Yezhov in the year after his removal. Just as with the most violent phase of collectivization, the Terror was written off as “excesses on the ground,” and the Kremlin blamed various individual perpetrators. Nevertheless, far from most security officers were ever punished or even removed from their jobs. Many of the Great Terror's most active enforcers continued to serve during the war, receiving military awards for “political work in the army” and returning as heroes.
It's a tragedy for the victims, of course, but at least the Gulag was effective?
When we talk about the Gulag, we're talking about a gigantic and multi-component system that was formed not in 1937 but much earlier, almost a decade beforehand. The Gulag consisted not just of political prisoners, but also ordinary criminals, as well as all the guards and prison management. This was simultaneously an enormous labor exchange, as well as a machine of mass murder. In the camps, the time of the Great Terror was also a time of mass executions and very difficult survival conditions for prisoners. In some parts of the Gulag, when provisions ran out completely, only life at the front would have been harder.
Looking at when they built more, you can of course try to figure out what expansion was necessary at the time and what turned out to be useless, but regardless the Gulag's economic effectiveness remains an ethical question: Exactly how much slave labor and how many dead people do we consider “effective” relative to the number of factories and cities constructed? It's also worth noting that modern researchers have carefully studied the Gulag's economy and no one has discovered anything that looks “successful.” Forced labor, after all, is very rarely more effective than free labor.
Russian text by Sergey Bondarenko, translation by Kevin Rothrock
Over 100 zookeepers, animal enthusiasts and conservationists gathered at the Oakland Zoo on Tuesday to attend a lecture given by Dr. Julian Fennessy, a leading giraffe conservation scientist.
The lecture was offered by the Oakland Zoo and the Giraffe Conservation Foundation (GCF), which works to protect giraffes and their habitats across the world. Fennessy discussed with attendees the threats facing wild giraffes, including their plummeting population.
Fennessy, executive director of the GCF, is known as “Mr. Giraffe” in wildlife conservation circles. For over 16 years, he has studied giraffe species and conservation across Africa, where giraffes primarily live.
The Oakland Zoo keeps nine reticulated giraffes. The species is originally from southern Somalia, southern Ethiopia and north-eastern Kenya, although the animals kept at the Oakland Zoo were born there or at another North American facility. The population of reticulated giraffes has dropped from 28,000 to 5,000 in the past 15 years: wars, predators, poaching and diseases that scientists still do not understand are all causes for the sharp decrease.
Fennessy was at the Oakland Zoo as a stop on his tour of the United States, where he is calling attention to the conservation issues facing wild giraffes in Africa. According to Fennessy, the Oakland Zoo stands out among other zoos in terms of their health care and management of giraffes. “As a big supporter for giraffe conservation in Africa, Oakland Zoo is the giraffe program in the continent,” said Fennessy.
After giving the lecture and answering all kinds of questions brought up by animal enthusiasts, Fennessy was led to the giraffe exhibit by senior giraffe keeper Amy Phelps. Unlike other zoos, Oakland has female and male giraffes living together. The zoo also has a special exhibit design that features giraffes sharing their one-acre territory, including a pool, a river and a waterfall, with elands, geese and ducks. “They live together because that's the way they are in Africa,” said Phelps.
Giraffe keepers at the Oakland Zoo are making great efforts to recreate the wild lives of giraffes. “In the wild, giraffes spend 50 percent of their time feeding,” said Phelps, who spends hours everyday hiding tiny pieces of carrots, bananas and lettuce under every rock; behind every bucket; and inside every bush. Because she does this, the giraffes are given the chance to walk around, look for the food and reach for it. “My job is to keep them busy, because that's what they do in the wild,” said Phelps.
What animal experts call “stereotypical behaviors” are commonly seen among animals in captivity—sitting in one spot all day or licking fences—and are similar to the results of keeping a human in a small room for a long time. “But being able to feed so much, giraffes at Oakland Zoo have lots of natural behaviors and seem happy and healthy,” said Fennessy.
When asked whether giraffes are better left in the wild, Fennessy did not completely agree. “These giraffes wouldn't survive in the wild at all,” said Fennessy. “Their numbers are crashing in national parks, reserves and communities due to wars and other human activities.” Fennessy characterized giraffes living in captivity as educational tools to engage people and conservation ambassadors for giraffes in the wild.
Earlier this year on June 21, the Oakland Zoo celebrated the very first World Giraffe Day—the longest day of the year for the longest-necked animal. To raise money and awareness for the protection of giraffes, programs have been carried out at the zoo, including “Jeans for Giraffes,” in which denim garments are recycled for money to support giraffe research.
“There are lots of simple things you can do to help protect giraffes if you don't have a single dollar,” said Phelps. “The important thing is to get the word out there.”
Correction: An earlier version of this story totaled the number of giraffes at the Oakland Zoo at eight, not nine. O.N. regrets the error.
This story was amended on October 22, 2014 to correct the countries of origin for reticulated giraffes, as well as the birthplaces of those kept at the zoo.
Marvelous has forged a whole new destiny for Fate/Extella. The game, which was once bound to the PlayStation 4 and PlayStation Vita, has been assigned a new master. The Nintendo Switch is getting the beat'em up on July 25, 2017. But what makes this new iteration of an existing game so appealing? Why should people be ready to stand alongside Nero Claudius again?
One reason might be the very nature of the game. Musou-style games are often available during a new system's launch window. The Nintendo 3DS had Samurai Warriors: Chronicles, the PlayStation Vita had Dynasty Warriors Next, the Wii U had Warriors Orochi 3 Hyper and the PlayStation 2 had Dynasty Warriors 2. The Switch in Japan had Dragon Quest Heroes I & II, a rather lackluster port of Koei Tecmo's Dragon Quest Musou game. We haven't had such a game released in other regions, which means Fate/Extella fills a gap in this console's library. It allows people to switch things up when it comes to what they're playing.
Another perk is being able to take Fate/Extella on the go. This isn't the first time the game has been portable. It did appear on the PlayStation Vita at launch. However, that version of the game was a pale shadow of the PlayStation 4 release. The font is difficult to read during the story segments and in-battle, character models lack definition, it has longer load times and it offers a fraction of the number of enemies onscreen at once. It felt like Marvelous made a lot of compromises to make that version happen. The Switch version looks and runs as well as the PlayStation 4 version, both when docked and undocked, resulting in a better and truer portable iteration.
As an example, the following image is taken from the PlayStation Vita version of Fate/Extella. It is from Saber's very first story mission, as she is fighting to reclaim land from Elizabeth Bathory, a Lancer.
This is a screenshot from that same segment in the Switch version of Fate/Extella. The difference is rather evident; character models look better, environments feature greater detail, there are more enemies, and the text is easier to read.
When it comes to comparing the Switch and PlayStation 4 versions, the playing field is more level. The only real difference comes down to frame rate. The PlayStation 4 version runs at 60fps at 1080p; the Switch version is 30fps at 1080p. Aside from that, the difference is negligible. The load times are practically identical. I would even say the number of enemies onscreen is similar.
This is a screenshot from the opening tutorial in the PlayStation 4 version. At this point, a massive amount of enemies is all onscreen at once and are being attacked in a small area.
This is from the Switch version, right before Saber begins cutting into that same group of enemies. The crowd may be a bit smaller, but it appears similar in size.
And, as one final comparison, this is that same scene on the PlayStation Vita.
The main draw of the Fate/Extella Switch version knows this is a complete edition of the game. It received quite a bit of costume DLC when it was released on PlayStation platforms. All 35 outfits here here. These were $1.99 each when sold separately, though they were also available in weekly bundles that cost between $2.49 and $14.99 each. Should people like a large wardrobe of immediately accessible outfits, this version can save them a lot of money.
There is also one custom that is a Switch exclusive. It is the Unshackled Bride for Saber (Nero Claudius). This is an outfit the character has worn before in other games, such as Fate/Grand Order and Fate/Extra CCC. It is an unzipped, white bodysuit with a bustle and veil. It doesn't change the look of her attacks, only her outfit. It is purely cosmetic, but people who love the character might appreciate having this extra option.
The way I see it, the Switch version of Fate/Extella is for two groups of people. One is Switch owners who haven't played it yet. If someone with the system wants a 3D beat'em up, this is one of the few English options out there. The other is Switch owners who have played the game already and want the best portable port. This is a truer handheld iteration of Fate/Extella, one with every possible add-on. If you fall into either category, it might be worth investigating and investing in this game.
A charter school organization's ad features an embarrassing misspelling. KING's Drew Mikkelsen reports.
There are some words that auto-correct or spell-checkers just don't catch. They might be spelled right, but mean something oh-so-wrong in the context. And this one proved an embarrassment for a charter school organization in Washington state.
An advertisement that ran in the Sunday and Monday editions of The News Tribune in Tacoma left out a single letter in quite the unfortunate spot, NBC station KING of Seattle reported.
"Are you interested in Pubic Charter Schools?" the ad mistakenly read.
"This was our mistake," Jim Spady, a spokesperson for the Washington Charter School Resource Center, told KING. The center wrote the newspaper ad, which was supposed to publicize an upcoming conference.
The News Tribune also reportedly did not notice that "public" was misspelled.
"It's an honest error," The News Tribune's marketing manager, Sue Piotrkowski, told KING.
The newspaper ran a corrected version of the ad Wednesday, according to KING.
Correction: University of Texas doesn't have school of 'pubic' affairs
Last month, Washington state voters passed an initiative that allows for charter schools, The Seattle Times reported.
Drew Mikkelsen, KING's south bureau chief, contributed to this report.
More content from NBCNews.com:
Follow US news from NBCNews.com on Twitter and Facebook
Wales international joins from Wigan Athletic
- Emyr Huws joins Huddersfield Town on loan
- Wales international at the Club for 2015/16
- Read Manager Chris Powell's thoughts
Huddersfield Town has today completed the signing of Welsh international midfielder Emyr Huws on a Standard Loan from Wigan Athletic.
The 21 year-old left-footed central midfielder joins the Club until 12 May 2016, with a recall available during January 2016 as per the terms of the agreement.
Huws, who has been capped by his country four times, has missed the early part of the 2015/16 season completing rehabilitation from an ankle injury suffered in pre-season. He has now resumed training, but will not be available for Saturday's Sky Bet Championship game at home to Queens Park Rangers.
Huddersfield Town Manager Chris Powell commented:
“I'm delighted to be able to bring Emyr to the Club, as he's a high quality footballer who can add immediately to our First Team.
“Although he operates in central midfield, Emyr is a naturally left-footed player and addresses a missing balance in our options. He has the physical attributes you need for the Championship. Also, he's a good set-piece taker.
“Adding a natural left-sided midfield player has been an urgent priority area all summer. Getting the right man and then getting him in can take time. We have been working on this deal for some weeks. We've had to wait for Emyr's fitness to reach a point where we are able to do the deal and we have had to work hard to reach an agreement that works for Wigan, us and the player.
“Emyr's arrival adds quality and extra depth alongside our other central midfielders who have played in that area this season; Jacob Butterfield, Jonathan Hogg, Dean Whitehead and Kyle Dempsey.”
Born in Llanelli, Emyr started his career in the Swansea City Academy but moved to Manchester City's Academy in 2009.
He turned professional at the Etihad Stadium and went onto Captain City's Under-21 side, but his first taste of senior football came through 13 games in a three month loan spell at League 2 Northampton Town in late 2012.
Huws made his Manchester City debut as a substitute in an FA Cup Third Round replay against Blackburn Rovers in January 2014, but then moved on a Youth Loan to Sky Bet Championship side Birmingham City later that month.
He spent the rest of the season with the Blues, making 17 starts and scoring twice. That form earned him the Club's Player of the Month in February 2014, with his stunning strike away at Middlesbrough being voted Birmingham's ‘Goal of the Season'.
It was during this time with City that Huws earned the first of his caps for the Wales senior side.
In July 2014 Emyr moved on loan to Championship side Wigan Athletic, with the move eventually being made permanent in a deal reported to be worth £2.5 million. He played 16 games in total last season, before an injury ruled him out for the final 17 games of the campaign.
Emyr will wear the number 16 shirt during his time at Huddersfield Town.
The story, as originally recounted by James V. Grimaldi and Rebecca Ballhaus of The Wall Street Journal, was, of itself, deeply troubling. In March 2009, after meeting with Swiss Foreign Minister Micheline Calmy-Rey, then Secretary of State Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE intervened with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) on behalf of Switzerland's most powerful banking institution, UBS. The IRS, which at that time was seeking the identity of wealthy Americans who had stashed some $20 billion in 52,000 tax evading UBS accounts, then agreed that the Swiss bank need only turn over information on 4,450 accounts. Afterwards, UBS increased its previous $60,000 in donations to the Clinton Foundation ten-fold. By the end of 2014, UBS donations to the Clinton Foundation totaled $600,000. UBS also "paid former President Bill Clinton William (Bill) Jefferson ClintonInviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Howard Schultz must run as a Democrat for chance in 2020 Trump says he never told McCabe his wife was 'a loser' MORE $1.5 million to participate in a series of question-and-answer sessions with UBS Wealth Management Chief Executive Bob McCann, making UBS his biggest single corporate source of speech income disclosed since he left the White House."
Those facts, of themselves, raise disturbing questions. Did a bank that still ranks as "the world's biggest wealth manager" and has at its disposal a bevy of economists and law firms have a legitimate reason for paying Bill Clinton $1.5 million in speaking fees? Or was the $1.5 million and the tenfold increase in Clinton Foundation donations a reward for the former secretary of State's intervention? If the latter, that reward would have, under federal law (18 U.S.C. § 201(c)(1)(A)), amounted to an illicit bribe.
ADVERTISEMENT
But there's a more troubling question that arises. There can be little doubt that a media firestorm would ensue if a former president were to accept a lucrative speaking fee from the Mafia. Should the reaction be any different when the speaking fee comes from "banksters" who defrauded the U.S. government?
That's the true context here, according to a Feb. 18, 2009 U.S. Department of Justice (DoJ) press release that discussed the details of an unsealed "criminal information" and a "deferred prosecution agreement." The DoJ alleges that UBS did much more than permit wealthy Americans to stash billions in tax evading offshore accounts. In direct violation of a 2000 agreement with the IRS, Swiss bankers traveled to the U.S. 3,800 times to foster to elicit business and "used encrypted laptops and other counter-surveillance techniques to help prevent the detection of their marketing efforts and the identities and offshore assets of their U.S. clients."
"UBS executives knew that UBS's cross-border business violated the law," said R. Alexander Acosta, U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Florida. "They refused to stop this activity...and in fact instructed their bankers to grow the business. The reason was money -- the business was too profitable to give up. This was not mere compliance oversight, but rather a knowing crime motivated by greed and disrespect for the law."
In exchange for the "deferred prosecution" of criminal fraud charges, UBS paid $780 million in fines and restitution, agreed to cease the illegal cross-border practice and "to immediately provide the United States government with the identities of, and account information for, certain United States customers of UBS's cross-border business," according to the DoJ press release.
When UBS, which could have lost its ability to conduct business in the U.S. if successfully prosecuted, balked at the IRS demand that it turn over information for all 52,000 accounts, the IRS filed a legal action seeking to compel disclosure. That is when, at the behest of the Swiss government, Hillary Clinton stepped in to negotiate a deal that prevented the IRS from gaining access to more than 91 percent of the illicit, tax-evading offshore accounts.
Canning is a retired attorney, author, Vietnam Veteran (4th Infantry, Central Highlands 1968) and a senior adviser to Veterans For Bernie. He has been a member of the California state bar since 1977.
This article is over 2 years old
Cara Delevingne, Dane DeHaan and Ethan Hawke star in time-travelling science fiction film based on French comic strip from the 1960s
The first trailer for Luc Besson's latest film, Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets, has been released, with stars Cara Delevingne and Dane DeHaan piloting spaceships and battling monsters.
The 90-second trailer is light on dialogue but shows the time-travelling agents Valerian and Laureline encountering various CGI creatures on their mission to Alpha, a 28th-century city home to thousands of different species.
To a soundtrack of the Beatles' song Because, the trailer hints at romance between the pair, with Laureline telling Valerian: “We get on just great … you flirt, I smile,” before punching him in the face.
The film is based on a French comic first published in 1967, Valérian and Laureline. It ran for 42 years and was hailed for its humanist political ideals and developed characterisation.
Besson said he has been a fan of the comic since he was 10 years old, claiming the character of Laureline was “probably the first woman I fell in love with”.
Luc Besson (@lucbesson) When I was 10, every Wednesday there was a comic book with 2 pages of #Valerian in, and I discovered it then. #AskLucBesson https://t.co/1GMpPlMCxH
Valerian's budget of €197m (£171m) makes it the most expensive French film ever produced, far ahead of Asterix at the Olympic Games (€78m) and Besson's 1997 space epic The Fifth Element (€75m).
Besson's adaptation is not the first, however; an animated series called Time Jam: Valerian and Laureline ran for 40 episodes on French TV from 2007 to 2008.
Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets also stars Ethan Hawke, Clive Owen, Rihanna and Rutger Hauer, with John Goodman as the narrator. It is scheduled for release on 21 July 2017.
MEDIA COVERAGE PLEASE? BIN LADEN'S SON-IN-LAW IS QUIETLY ON TRIAL OVER 9/11 ATTACKS..
By Stephanie Sledge | 12 March 2014 | Opinion
(Photo retrieved AP Press)
Apparently, we live in a time where the media would rather cover the ‘Blade Runner - Oscar Pistorius' trial on CNN, instead of the trial of Osama Bin Laden's son-in-law, Sulaiman Abu Ghaith, and his alleged involvement in the 9/11/01 World Trade Center attacks.
Following the attacks, there has been an enormous amount of tyrannical legislation and police-state agenda strapped upon the American People's backs, including: the creation of Homeland Security, and the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA). All in the name of post 9/11 safety to keep our nation protected from any more so-called bad guys that want to allegedly attack us.
Why would the mainstream media and some of the alternative media want to provide little to no coverage of this trial? Wouldn't this be the greatest opportunity to pick apart any alleged lies that the nation may have been told about what really happened that day? Why does CNN cover the Oscar Pistorius trial rather than a trial that involved the alleged deaths of over 3000 people? Do you find something odd about this? I do… just like I did when CNN chose to cover other Hollywood trials instead of the Aurora shooter trial or even the Boston Bombing trial.
Above Lower Manhattan, in a federal courtroom, the first trial of an alleged high ranking al-Qaeda figure has begun related to the September 11 attacks, Sulaiman Abu Ghaith, 48, is accused of conspiracy to kill Americans and faces three related charges of terrorism as the group's chief propagandist. These charges are based upon a video that surfaced following the attacks showing Abu Ghaith as he sat cross-legged next to Bin Laden in a cave in Afghanistan.
According to AP reports, prosecutors are currently portraying Sulaiman Abu Ghaith as a member of Osama Bin Laden's inner circle, who allegedly had advance knowledge into the 9/11 terrorist plots. If convicted, Abu Ghaith could face life in prison.
On the other side, according to The National Memo, the defense said, “The government was counting on fear and anger generated by the September 11, 2001, attacks to convict a Muslim husband and father who had said some “dumb” things in the past.” Really? Is the nation sleeping? I wonder if the American People are under some sort of spell because what the government really wants is for everyone in this country to run with the original al-Qaeda cover story.
One of the most bizarre aspects of this so-called trial (besides no real media coverage) is assistant U.S. Attorney Nicholas Lewin mentioned at least 50 times in a 25 minute opening statement the words ‘al-Qaeda' repeatedly and referred to Bin Laden over and over again. If journalists and spectators have descended upon this trial as AP reports, then where is the live coverage? All we are getting is courtroom drawings and AP reports. Where are the families? Where is the real coverage of this trial? Why are Americans not interested in this first ever terrorism trial of the 9/11 attacks?
It could be assumed the suppression of the trial, the obvious controlled released interviews, and the lack of real coverage serves a deeper agenda that is hidden from the America People. There are high stakes in the Obama Administration as officials seek to prove and prosecute terrorism cases in civilian courts. Why was Abu Ghaith not sent to Guantanamo Bay? As with many questionable crimes, there is an agenda that follows and the Obama Administration likes to seek ways to change the rules in the court system to include terrorism in civilian courts… how convenient for the NDAA and more justification for the continuation of terrorism and fear … Yes?
The truth is… Americans are suppressed from this particular trial and no real coverage will be provided because there are many smart investigators and researchers that have brought forth compelling evidence that 9/11 did not play out as we were all originally told. They (meaning CNN) cannot cover the trial live because it will end up being picked apart by real journalists and they would become a laughing stock, therefore, it is safer to stick with Hollywood actors and their drama trials…
There is more to come as we follow the next phase in Hollywood court acting trials and trickery within our court systems to change the rules to include terrorism within civilian courts and hijack the system.. all in the name of safety for the nation, of course.
http://www.nationalmemo.com/911-al-qaeda-invoked-lawyers-begin-arguing-terror-trial/
http://www.cnn.com/2014/03/10/world/africa/oscar-pistorius-trial/index.html?hpt=hp_inthenews
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tcbGPsPBcp8
FLINT, MI -- President Obama made a vow to people filling the Northwestern High School gymnasium and tens of thousands others across the city that every drop of water in the city flowing to Flint homes would be safe.
He called the need for clean water part of the "basic government responsibility" and said he wants to make sure it's safe to drink, cook and bathe in.
Obama stressed the water is safe to drink with a filter, sipping from a glass of water on a raised platform on the gym floor after he began coughing at one point in the speech.
"The bad news is this should not have happened in the first place," Obama said, calling the water crisis going on for more than two years an avoidable, preventable occurrence and pointed out government officials weren't as attentive as they should have been.
Obama told the room he did not believe that anyone consciously wanted to hurt the people of Flint and that his speech was not going to be a platform to "resolve every screw-up that happened" over the last two-plus years.
Some of the issues that led to the crisis, Obama said, were underinvestment in pipes and bridges, emergency manager decisions to cut costs, and the disregard for poor, underprivileged communities.
Addressing the city's residents on a whole, Obama said "While you are waiting to get your pipes replaced, you need to have a filter installed and use that filter and if you do use that filter then the water is safe to consume for children over the age of 6 and women who are not pregnant."
A member of the crowd disputed the president's remarks, to which Obama told him if the scientists he has on his staff were to steer him wrong that person would be out of a job.
Obama held a community roundtable earlier in the day, speaking with residents about their accounts on the water crisis and recalled the words laid on him from a pastor.
"It made us feel like we didn't count and you can't have a democracy where people feel like they don't count," he said, wanting to reassure those in the crowd he would not back off the issue.
"I told them that I understood why you'd be afraid, not just for yourself but for your kids," Obama said. "I also wanted her to come tell you that I've got your back."
As we try to put the grand lunacy of AIG's grand larceny in some rational perspective, it might help to think of this latest bonus brouhaha as a reverse stress test--of the Obama administration's leadership, the political-financial complex as a whole and, ultimately, our very conceptions of capitalism. Is this really the economy that our leaders promised and the American people paid for? And are the elites who have been running and corrupting this system actually capable of changing it?
So far we are flunking on all counts. And, fitting for this most surreal of situations, this is the blessing in disgust. We now know what "the bottom" looks like. It looks like a company that perpetrated the biggest business loss in the history of the world handing out half a billion dollars in retention bonuses to the unit that almost singlehandedly destabilized the global economy--and a government that could not see this madness for what it was until millions of average Americans who could not tell a derivative from a Derringer called them out on it.
Herein is the silver lining of AIG's taxpayer gold digging. This most outrageous ripoff yet, as White House adviser Larry Summers called it, has ripped off the last remnants of the free-market mask on our economy and exposed the full extent of the broad fraud that American capitalism has become. Moreover, it's forcing all of us to confront our own complicity in this con--as well as the limitations of even our best-intentioned leaders to de-rig our degenerated economic system.
In theory, that system, as we have been repeatedly told since the dawn of the Reagan Revolution, is supposed to be guarantor of the American Dream. The free market creates the ultimate level playing field, rewarding initiative instead of privilege. And it offers the ultimate accountability mechanism, allocating capital with ruthless efficiency to the opportunity seizers and profit makers, regardless of their status or connections.
That's the uniquely American bargain most of us have bought into--and which differentiates us from the political economies of most of our developed competitors. We like our basic regulations that disclose information, prevent crime and keep our investments safe. And while we debate it at the margins, we like the modest government safety net we have constructed to protect us in times of trouble. But otherwise, we embrace the tradeoff of democratic capitalism--equal opportunities, not equal outcomes.
The problem for most of us is not with that premise, which we have long accepted as flawed but functional and fair enough in practice. It's that, as we have learned over and over in the last several months, this idealized system is now total fiction, as phony as Bernie Madoff's returns and exponentially more damaging.
There is no meaningful transparency anymore, not when investors are pouring hundreds of billions of dollars into junk loans masquerading as triple AAA CDOs and banks are paying off ostensibly independent rating agencies to pimp their products. Nor is there any meaningful accountability left, not when Lehman Brothers is handing out multimillion-dollar bonuses to the executives who drove it out of business and the heads of the Big Three car companies are rewarded for their incompetence with lavish pay and perk packages. All of which was compounded by the lack of transparency and accountability in the bailout deals that the crony capitalists in the Bush administration cut last year before leaving office.
Today, we are so far from capitalism, in fact, that we have lost even the basic understanding of a contract. It was bad enough that the government-appointed CEO of AIG was foolish enough to believe he was legally obligated to pay a retention bonus to the people who bankrupted the company--i.e., the people who should have been fired once the company posted a $60 billion loss in the last quarter of 2008. But how it is possible that Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner and the rest of the Obama economic team were swayed by this ridiculous argument, when taxpayers own 80% of the company and it was our money paying the bonuses?
With more and more damaging facts like this coming out, some of our political leaders have tried to explain away the fiction of our economy with a fiction of their own. The meltdown of our markets, we are told, was the result of greed and the recklessness it inspired. But the truth is that greed has always existed and driven our markets. What is different now is that the core checks and balances we have long relied on to constrain excessive risk taking and protect the integrity of our markets--which are as essential to capitalism as money--have been systematically dismantled over the last generation.
This is where our complicity comes in. More than just buying houses we could not afford, average Americans bought into a mythology--one that the political-financial complex peddled--that held all regulation equally evil and an impediment to economic growth. This was, of course, a perversion of capitalism, not a promotion of it, led by a coalition of self-interested, rent-seeking businesses and their free market-idolizing enablers in Washington. But we as a people failed to see the difference and were glad to live inside the blinding bubble we helped blow out of proportion.
Now that bubble has burst, we are starting to appreciate just how warped and unbalanced our system has become and the costs of that to us all. Indeed, forget about the AIG bonuses for a moment and consider what happened before it crashed and burned us. How did our government let one insurance company get so big that its collapse would imperil the world financial system? Why was it allowed to sell a financial product--credit default swaps--that some financial analysts concede even they don't understand? And perhaps most important, why was it allowed to assume so much risk without carrying the reserves necessary to cover it?
We are also seeing the political bubble of our expectations for change in Washington burst along with the economic one. Many of us still believe Obama personally "gets it," as he said; but the actions of his administration are draining the country's confidence on a daily basis. Geithner, who was an architect of the stupid deal that the government originally cut with AIG last fall, is clearly to blame here--his hapless handling of the bonus issue proved that he is too much part of the problem, too compromised by the warped thinking of the status quo, to be part of the solution. But this troubling mindset goes much deeper than one cabinet secretary.
That is evident from the White House's new strategy for dealing with the AIG scandal. What they are now doing, trying to get AIG to pay back the taxpayer-funded bonus money with other taxpayer money, is a cheap political solution designed to quell a controversy, not fix the problem. The only real way to remedy the original mistake--allowing the bonuses to go forward in the first place--would be to demand the employees who already got bonuses to return them, sue those who don't comply and block the rest of the bonus money from being released. Then the public might be convinced that the president is prepared to fight for the fundamental values he so eloquently invokes.
At the same time, the response of the Republicans has been every bit as disappointing--and even more disingenuous. The fact that they are continually playing the socialist card in attacking the president is absurd and irresponsible on its face, but it is particularly so coming from the party that paved the way for the destruction and defrauding of American capitalism over the last generation, albeit with some occasional help from the Democrats. In that context, it is hard not to see the Republicans' tough talk on AIG and the other bailouts as a cynical cover for their lack of accounting for their past mistakes--not to mention their lack of ideas for restoring the regulatory equilibrium of our markets.
Suffice it to say, then, that change is not going to happen just because we voted for it. If we want to end capitalism as we know it--that is, the perverted form we are stuck with today--then we as investors, consumers and workers are going to have to demand it. That means more than just complaining about indefensible bonuses--we need to call on both parties to support a smart, tough, 21st century regulatory reform package that will free our markets of fraud and rebuild public confidence in their integrity.
That's arguably the most important lesson to be learned from the disastrous AIG bailout--it's time for a voter bail-in.
Dan Gerstein, a political communications consultant and commentator based in New York, is the founder and president of Gotham Ghostwriters. He formerly served as communications director to Sen. Joe Lieberman, D-Conn., and as a senior adviser on his vice presidential and presidential campaigns. He writes a weekly column for Forbes.
NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman tells Arizona legislative leaders, "The Coyotes cannot and will not remain in Glendale."
National Hockey League Commissioner Gary Bettman holds an Arizona press conference in October 2014. (Photo: Rob Schumacher/The Republic) Story Highlights NHL commissioner urged lawmakers to pass $225 million in public funding for new arena
Commissioner, Arizona Coyotes said the team will leave if it doesn't get a new Valley arena
The Arizona Coyotes and National Hockey League Commissioner Gary Bettman on Tuesday threatened to move the franchise out of Arizona if the Legislature does not approve $225 million in public financing for a new arena in downtown Phoenix or the East Valley.
Bettman sent a three-page letter to state Senate President Steve Yarbrough and House Speaker J.D. Mesnard encouraging them to push through a public-financing bill that is stalled in the Senate amid a lack of support from lawmakers. The struggling NHL franchise wants out of Glendale, saying it's not economically viable to play there even though that West Valley city financed its 13-year-old Gila River Arena specifically for the Coyotes.
"The Arizona Coyotes must have a new arena location to succeed," Bettman wrote. "The Coyotes cannot and will not remain in Glendale."
YOUR TAKE: Coyotes fans weigh in on NHL's arena ultimatum
Team owner Andrew Barroway also issued a statement saying Glendale no longer is an option because the team loses tens of millions of dollars playing in Gila River Arena. He added that if the team reaches a point where "there is simply no longer a path forward in Arizona," then "we will work with our partners in the league office and across the NHL to determine our next steps."
PREVIOUSLY:Coyotes explore Mesa's Sloan Park area for arena
The team is contractually obligated to play in Glendale for one more season. Glendale officials have said they want to keep the franchise in their city.
Yarbrough told The Arizona Republic that Senate Bill 1149, legislation that would provide arena financing, doesn't have the votes to pass. Mesnard, in a statement, agreed.
"While I very much want to see the Coyotes remain in Arizona, what they're asking for is no small thing," Mesnard said. "The NHL first needs to make the case for a state-funded arena to the taxpayers. We're not seeing a lot of enthusiasm that the public wants to foot the bill for a new arena, and until the NHL can win over taxpayers, they're going to have a tough sell at the Legislature."
Sen. Bob Worsley, R-Mesa, has sponsored a bill that would create a community engagement district of up to 30 acres for an arena. Within the district, up to half of the state's share of sales taxes generated from retail sales and hotel stays would be dedicated to paying the bond debt for an arena. It also would allow an additional 2 percent district sales tax to be applied to all purchases within the district, with those revenues also dedicated to defraying the cost of new facility construction.
RELATED:Coyotes $395M arena deal on life support
The Coyotes have pledged to pay $170 million toward what is envisioned as a $395 million project. The team also would control the retail development and hotel within the engagement district.
While Bettman told lawmakers in his letter that Gila River Arena is not economically capable of supporting a successful NHL franchise, in 2009 he intervened to keep the team in Glendale. That's when prior owner Jerry Moyes tried to sell the team through a bankruptcy filing, and the new prospective owner wanted to move the team to southern Ontario, Canada.
At the time, Bettman said the team "with new ownership and with the accommodations the city of Glendale is prepared to make, we think can succeed."
NEWSLETTERS Get the AZ Memo newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Get the pulse of Arizona -- Local news, in-depth state coverage and what it all means for you Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-332-6733. Delivery: Mon-Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for AZ Memo Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Glendale then paid the NHL $50 million in subsidies to cover team operating losses from 2010 to 2013. The city later awarded an annual $15 million arena management fee to the Coyotes. The city terminated that contract in 2015 and later hired another manager to run the arena for roughly one-third the cost.
Without the subsidies, the team says it can no longer play in Glendale.
Reach the reporter at craig.harris@arizonarepublic.com or 602-444-8478.
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/2nc8Avq
A MANHUNT is underway for a crazed gunman who filmed himself killing a grandad before boasting about slaughtering 14 others after he left an Easter church service.
Steve Stephens, 37, taunted cops saying he would "keep killing until they catch me" after he uploaded a Facebook video of the moment he shot dead Robert Godwin Sr, 74, in Cleveland, Ohio.
UPDATE: Steve Stephens has been found dead - click here for full story.
Enterprise News and Pictures 21 The man shot in the video has been named as Robert Godwin Sr, 74
The children's mental health worker is believed to have “snapped” after the break-down of his three-year relationship with his girlfriend, Joy Lane.
Cleveland Police confirmed the fatal shooting broadcast on Facebook was real, but said there were no other victims linked to the "random" attack at 2pm on Sunday.
21 Mr Godwin is shown holding his arms up in fear
21 The suspect is then shown holding the gun to Mr Goodwin's head before pulling the trigger
EPA 21 Cleveland cops released this picture of Stephens as they urged him to hand himself in
21 Stephens is also filmed on the phone to a friend claiming to have killed 13 people
Cops are now widening the search to five US states as they try to catch "armed and dangerous" Stephens - who calls himself Stevie Steve on social media.
In the graphic video of the attack, Stephens can be seen approaching Mr Godwin in the street, saying: “Found me somebody I'm about to kill… this old dude.”
He then asked the elderly grandad to say his ex-girlfriend's name to the camera, before adding: “She's the reason this is about to happen to you.”
Stephens filmed himself pointing and shooting his gun at the man who fell to the ground, with blood pouring from his face down onto the pavement.
In a series of Facebook posts, Stephens claimed he had killed a total of 15 people in what he called an “Easter day slaughter”.
He told someone over the phone that he "just snapped" and had a lot of "built-up anger and frustration".
Stephens then goaded police, saying “I'll keep killing until they catch me" before adding: "I shamed myself".
He left chilling Facebook rants blaming debt and the break up of his relationship as a trigger for the murder.
Facebook 21 Stephens with Joy Lane, believed to be his ex-partner, on whom he appears to blame the shooting
21 The killer's ex-girlfriend said she was praying for the family of Mr Godwin
During the broadcast, Stephens wrote on Facebook he wouldn't stop killing until his mum and Joy Lane - believed to be his ex-partner - called him.
His mum Maggie Green told CNN her son said he was "mad with his girlfriend" when they spoke on Sunday.
She said: “That's why he is shooting people and he won't stop until his mother or girlfriend tell him to stop.”
Ms Green said her son told her it was going to be the "last time" they were going to see each other.
"If you see me again, it'll be a miracle," he said, according to Ms Green.
Stephens and his girlfriend had recently split after three years, according to reports.
Ms Lane has since revealed she is “safe” and “praying” for Mr Godwin's family.
The killer's ex-girlfriend wrote on Facebook: “I am safe and with the police. I am Not okay… this is a lot.
Facebook 21 Stephens made his victim, Robert Godwin Sr (pictured), say his girlfriends name in the video before shooting him
Facebook 21 Mr Godwin had at least 14 grandchildren
“I can't believe this is happening. I am very sad for everyone involved. I am praying for them and I am praying for Steve. He needs help.”
She told CBS News in a text message: “We had been in a relationship for several years. I am sorry that all of this has happened.
"My heart & prayers goes out to the family members of the victim(s). Steve really is a nice guy…he is generous with everyone he knows. He was kind and loving to me and my children. This is a very difficult time for me and my family.”
In a press conference just before 7pm local time on Sunday, Cleveland Police said they hadn't had any sightings of him since the "senseless" shooting and didn't know if he was still in the area.
21 Police believe shooting suspect Steve Stephens is driving a later-model white Ford Fusion
21 Youtuber B Rich has been chasing Stephens using a police scanner
Cleveland Police chief Calvin Williams urged Stephens to turn himself in, saying: "He can't keep victimising his community based on his issues."
Police have launched a huge manhunt for the killer and warned residents in Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana and Michigan to be on alert because he may have crossed state lines.
It is feared he could now be in Pennsylvania, where police in Erie told media the suspect's mobile phone “pinged” off a tower there just before 10pm.
Police believe the shooting was a "random attack" because Stephens and Godwin did not know each other.
"From what we can tell now, it's just a random person that he picked out. We don't know why," Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams said.
Facebook 21 Stephens makes reference to Joy Lane in a series of posts and videos before and after the shooting
In a heartbreaking video of a man and a woman, reported to be Mr Godwin's, children, said he was a "good man" and would "give you the shirt off his back".
"I feel like my heart is going to stop," his daughter told reporters.
Another woman believed to be Mr Godwin's granddaughter said it was the second anniversary of her father's death.
She wrote on Twitter: "All i ask is why."
I can't watch that video of my grandfather getting killed. that man is sick, please stop posting it. My grandfather was the 14th person. — december 5th 🎈 (@0samyy) April 16, 2017
2nd year anniversary of my dad's death and now my grandfather. can't believe i watched that video. All i ask is why — december 5th 🎈 (@0samyy) April 16, 2017
Easter day slaughter: what we know so far
Steve Stephens shot Robert Godwin, 74, dead and shared a video of the murder on Facebook
Stephens claims to have killed between 12 and 15 others, but police have not confirmed this or found any bodies
Cops and the FBI are hunting the suspect and have said 'we need Steve to turn himself in'
Stephens is thought to be driving a white Ford SUV and is wearing a blue and black striped polo shirt
Stephens left posts on Facebook describing crippling gambling debts and a break-up with his partner Joy Lane before saying 'he just snapped'
In one Facebook video he says he will not stop killing until Joy or his mum call him
Stephens' mum urged the 37-year-old to turn himself in and says he 'never had any serious issues'
Hospitals do not have any reports of more shooting victims
Robert Godwin's children paid an emotional tribute to their dad, who they described as a 'good man'
21 The 74-year-old victim's family paid a tearful tribute to the "good man"
Mr Godwin's son, Robert Godwin Jr, told Cleveland.com he cannot bring himself to watch the video - which was on Facebook for three hours.
"I haven't watched the video. I haven't even looked at my cellphone or the news," Mr Godwin said. "I don't really want to see it."
He said his father, a retired factory worker, often picked up aluminium cans if he saw them on the ground.
The son said he believed his dad was looking for discarded cans on Sunday when Stephens approached him.
Celebrities including singer Nicki Minaj have paid tribute to Mr Godwin on social media.
Nicki posted a video clip of Mr Godwin's family after they spoke to reporters at a press conference.
She wrote: “I just watched this man shoot & kill their elderly father in cold blood live on social media. It's by far one of the most disturbing things I've ever seen.”
Facebook 21 The man falls to the floor after being shot as blood pours from his head
facebook 21 Pictures of Stevie Steve on his Facebook profile, which has since been shut down
Stephens is understood to have worked as a children's mental health caseworker at the Beech Brook facility.
In a statement, they said: "We are shocked and horrified and we don't know anything more about it.
"We hope and pray that he is arrested as soon as possible and we hope and pray for a resolution quickly."
In one Facebook post, Stephens tagged co-workers asking them to let his boss know he wouldn't be in work tomorrow, writing "I'm sorry team but I'm to far gone [sic]" and adding "I'm the #goodguy".
He also wrote that the last year his life had been f***** up, and he had lost everything through gambling at the Cleveland Jack casino.
Facebook 21 The footage begins showing the shooter getting out of the car saying he had found someone to kill
Beech Brook confirmed the facility would be closed today as a "precaution" to protect its staff.
Stephens is understood to have attended an Easter Sunday church service before carrying out the attack, according to Fox.
Sun Online has seen the graphic and upsetting video of the deadly attack - which was on Facebook for three hours before Stephens' profile was taken down - but has chosen not to show it in full.
The highly-distressing footage starts with a man driving while filming heard saying: "Found me somebody I'm about to kill... this old dude."
He then stops the car and approaches the elderly man in the street, saying: "Can you do me a favour?"
He then asks the elderly man to say a name, saying: "She's the reason this is about to happen to you."
The shooter then asks the man how old he is, before pointing his gun at the man who holds his hands up in fear.
He then pulls the trigger and the elderly man falls to the ground, with blood pouring from his face down the pavement.
21 Stephens claimed on Facebook he had killed 12 people, but police have only confirmed one death
Cops said the suspect was last seen near Case Western Reserve University and warned people to stay away from the campus.
Cleveland State University also warned people to take shelter as police hunt for Stephens.
There are unconfirmed reports on Facebook of shots being fired elsewhere in the city.
On Twitter, one user wrote: "My sister just called to tell me that police are at my grandma's house because someone just shot at her and my cousins."
facebook 21 Cops have warned Stephens is considered "armed and dangerous"
facebook 21 Stephens is still on the run and people have been warned to stay inside
Cops said Stephens is 6ft 1inch tall and has a bald head and a full beard.
He was wearing a dark-striped polo shirt at the time of the shooting and was driving a new white Ford Fusion SUV.
Local hospitals have reportedly been put on standby "to receive more victims".
Homicide Suspect – Armed and Dangerous Steve Stephens https://t.co/uhRGkmyiRU — Cleveland Police (@CLEpolice) April 16, 2017
After the shooting, the man's shadow is shown heading back to the car, with a glimpse of his stripy T-shirt and some kind of ID card hanging around his neck.
He then climbs back into his car to continue driving - mumbling something inaudible before the video ends.
Cleveland Police said in a statement they "are investigating a homicide at 635 East 93rd Street".
It was initially reported that the killing was streamed on Facebook Live.
But Facebook has since confirmed that Stephens shared the video online, but did not stream it.
Facebook also condemned the post, saying: "This is a horrific crime and we do not allow this kind of content on Facebook.
"We work hard to keep a safe environment on Facebook, and are in touch with law enforcement in emergencies when there are direct threats to physical safety."
We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368.
From the IPT Website
In trying to cast their faith as tolerant and accepting of others, many Muslims like to point to the Quran's verse 2:256: "There shall be no compulsion in [acceptance of] the religion," it begins.
It's a comforting thought. While dawa, a form of proselytizing, is a key element of the faith, the argument makes it sound as if there are no repercussions for those who do not accept the faith or who reject it.
But, in scripture and in practice, this simply is not true.
Verse 25:11, for example, warns, "But they have disbelieved the Hour (the Day of Judgment) and for those who disbelieve the Hour, We have prepared a flaming fire." Verse 4:151 similarly, promises "the disbelievers a humiliating torment."
Right now in Malaysia — often held up as an example of a moderate Muslim-majority nation – police are under instruction to "hunt down" non-believers through state-mandated re-education programs and "fix their faith" if they once were Muslims.
All this because of a photograph posted online Aug. 2 which showed a group of more than three dozen smiling young people who are part of the Atheist Republic, a support and social media outlet with more than 1 million followers worldwide. Founder Armin Navabi created the group while still living in Iran, one of 13 Muslim-majority countries that punishes apostasy with death.
The meeting in Kuala Lumpur "was such a blast," the Facebook post said. "Atheists from all walks of life came to meet one another, some for the very first time . . . each sharing their stories and forming new friendships that hopefully will last a lifetime! We rock!"
They did harm to no one. But cabinet minister Datuk Seri Shahidan Kassim learned of the gathering and saw a threat to Malaysia's national well-being. He called for authorities to "hunt down" those present, noting that Malaysia's Constitution is silent about atheists. "This clearly shows that the group goes against the Constitution and basic rights," he said.
While Malaysia is one of the countries that can carry out the death penalty for apostasy, no government official is using such terms. So far. Social media, however, is filled with death threats against the Malaysian atheists.
"Advise them and tell them that Islam is not to be played with," Danizaynal Dani wrote. "If they refuse to repent we burn them alive. An apostate's blood is halal for slaughter."
"It is better to die from hanging for murder, than to die as an apostate," wrote Irfan Samsuri.
Navabi also co-hosts a podcast with other ex-Muslims, called, "Secular Jihadists from the Middle East." In an emotionally-charged special episode on the Malaysian threats Tuesday night, he said police had already visited at least one of the people in the photograph. He was surprised by the reaction. He was less surprised by the lack of attention Western news outlets and supposed liberal activists have given the situation.
"If this was happening to any other group, any other group, there would be an outcry right now," he said. "If this was a group of Muslims being treated like this, if this was a group of Christians being treated like this, the whole world would be reacting to it right now."
Navabi's observation leads to the simple question: Why isn't this attack on freedom gaining more attention? None of the national Islamist activist groups, which would organize protests and marches if the targets were Muslims, have said anything. The same groups have pushed the "no compulsion in religion" argument, though, so it might be difficult to acknowledge the rights of ex-Muslims in Malaysia without grappling with some uncomfortable realities.
Unfortunately, the same also can be said for a series of other cases in which Muslim-majority countries prosecute or see mob violence attack and kill people for thought crimes. One hears very little about these cases outside of the interest groups directly affected.
Saudi Arabia, for example, has jailed writer Raif Badawi for more than five years for the crime of writing about secularism. His sentence also includes 1,000 lashes, the first 50 of which nearly killed him. His wife described the scene that she later saw in an online video:
"But I saw clearly that he was striking Raif with all his might. Raif's head was bowed. In very quick succession he took the blows all over the back of his body: he was lashed from shoulders to calves, while the men around him clapped and uttered pious phrases."
In Bangladesh, a series of brutal machete attacks killed at least 11 secular and atheist bloggers since 2013. One, Avijit Roy, was an American citizen. His wife was severely injured, but survived and continues to speak out about free expression.
Regardless of one's views on religion, these Malaysian people's plight – like Raif Badawi's and like the slaughtered Bangladeshi writers – is about the right to free speech, free thought and peaceful assembly. These ideals are the foundation of a free society, or liberty.
It would be nice if more people — of any or no religion — called out these human rights abuses.
Steven Emerson is a executive director of The Investigative Project on Terrorism. He was a correspondent for CNN and a senior editor at U.S. News and World Report. Read more reports from Steve Emerson — Click Here Now.
A conservative pastor suggests the "mindset of God" includes the stoning of gay people.
To one Tennessee preacher, apparently, the good old days included the ability to stone gays to death.
Pastor Ben Bailey of the Central Church of Christ recorded a video in which he says the "mindset of God" is unchanging. God has "a definite standard and it is not the liberal mindset that we see today," Bailey says during his weekly "The Gospel of Christ" evangelistic effort.
"The Gospel Of Christ program seeks to teach and preach THE WHOLE COUNSEL OF GOD, regardless of the consequence or reaction," its website states.
Bailey tells viewers of a recent article which examined four couples and the reasons they chose their particular church. Some couples opted for a church that advanced "relaxed and liberal views," which are not in keeping with God's views, Bailey insisted. They wanted "things like women preaching, women leading in service, where homosexuals and gay marriage were accepted openly," which God, he says, opposes.
"They were just looking for something liberal," Bailey claimed. "Something that didn't criticize or condemn or didn't have any hardcore standards on anything â€” 'anything goes' type of mentality."
Bailey said that "if that's what you're looking for, you can surely find a multiplicity of that today. But is that what God's looking for?" he posited.
God "has a definite standard and it is not the liberal mindset that we see today," Bailey continued.
"God does not approve of homosexuality or gay marriage," Bailey promised. "The scripture says... that is vile, unnatural and deserving of a penalty... It's an abomination that under the Old Testament deserved stoning."
"And so, is our God, the God of Bible, wanting us to go somewhere where it's liberal, relaxed views and anything goes? No, that's the effect of a very liberal society. And we need to make sure that such is not the idea or the mindset of God."
Watch:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vwL-J3TlGmY
This video is the only place Pastor Bailey has suggested stoning gays is God's will.
On his The Gospel of Christ website, one sermon delves deeply into the issue:
In the days in which we live, how people need to hear that marriage is for a man and a woman! You will never find in the Bible God's authorization for men-to-men or women- to-women marriages. Marriage is for one man and one woman. In fact, Scripture clearly condemns the homosexuality and lesbian acts that are so frequent in our world today. Regardless of what a court system or state decides that homosexuals can marry, God never intended for that to take place. And, He actually condemns it. Leviticus 18:22 and Leviticus 20:12-13 state that such acts were "abominations" in the sight of God, and were punishable by stoning. Someone might say, "Well, that was under the Old Law." Did you know that the New Testament says that homosexuality is a sin against God and nature? In Romans 1:26-29 we are told that homosexuality is immoral and ungodly, and that people who engage in such will receive the eternal punishment that is due to them if they do not change their ways. Someone might ask, "Are you telling me, then, that if two men get married, they will be lost in Hell?" Listen to the words of 1 Corinthians 6:9-10. "Do you not know that the unrighteous will not inherit the kingdom of God? Do not be de- ceived. Neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor homosexuals, nor sodomites, nor thieves, nor covetous, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor extortioners will inherit the kingdom of God." People who remain in sins such as fornication, idolatry, and homosexuality will not go to Heaven. Yes, the Bible clearly teaches that homosexuals will not go to Heaven. That is what God has said on this subject. How does that relate to marriage? We need to honor the holy state of marriage. It is intended to last for life, and is intended to be between one man and one woman. That is God's original decree, and is what Paul is referencing in verse 2.
Hat tip and video: David Edwards at Raw Story
Image: Screenshot via YouTube
See a mistake? Email corrections to: [email protected]
Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump said Tuesday that the United States should "take out" the family members of terrorists in the effort to fight ISIS.
Asked during a Fox News interview about civilian casualties in the fight against the terror group, Trump replied that terrorists are "using them as shields."
"But we're fighting a very politically correct war," he added. "And the other thing is with the terrorists, you have to take out their families. When you get these terrorists, you have to take out their families. They care about their lives, don't kid yourself. But they say they don't care about their lives. You have to take out their families."
Trump reiterated that he would "knock the hell" out of the terrorist group, which is also referred to as ISIL or Daesh.
A new Quinnipiac poll out Tuesday showed Trump leading the Republican presidential field, beating second-place finisher Marco Rubio by 10 points.
PHOTOS - On the Stump: Donald Trump's Presidential Campaign
A devastating fire that gutted a crowded student rental house in Allston yesterday and apparently left a woman dead is under investigation by the Inspectional Services Department and has at least one city councilor calling for a broad-based review of student-housing safety.
“This is a tragic situation that may have been avoided,” District 8 Councilor Michael P. Ross told the Herald last night. He said he wants answers about whether the house was legally occupied and divided, and a review of other student rentals in the city to see if there are other potential problem properties.
A woman's body was found in the attic, which firefighters said they couldn't reach when flames blocked the only access they could find. Boston University officials identified the woman as a BU student but did not release her name.
Fire Capt. Patrick J. Ellis of Ladder 14 said firefighters could find no interior access to the second floor from the front first-floor entrance because of “the way the house is divided.”
There was no immediate information on the cause of the fire or the woman's death. Firefighters arrived to find people climbing out second-story windows of the two-and-a-half story house. Nine residents and six firefighters were treated for burns and smoke inhalation.
“I'm happy I'm alive,” said Boston University sophomore Sylvan O'Sullivan, 19, one of seven residents in the basement, four of whom were home yesterday when fire struck at 6:30 a.m. “My roommate yelled, ‘Get out! There's a fire!' I grabbed my backpack, my pants, my laptop and a hard drive. We got out very quickly.”
Neighbors, still anxious from the January 2012 blaze that incinerated another property down to its stone foundation and left a student temporarily in a coma, said yesterday's fire followed a long “loud” night of partying at the house.
Ross said a city law he wrote bars more than four undergraduates from living together in a single unit. The property listed as having nine bedrooms and two baths, and fire officials said the house had 19 occupants. A woman described by residents as the landlord left the scene without commenting to reporters after meeting with police. The property's owner of record, Anna Belokurova, could not be reached for comment afterward.
Inspectional Services spokeswoman Lisa Timberlake said city inspectors were dispatched to the scene and the department will be reviewing its records of the property today.
Ian Barbour first studied science, then religion, but instead of concluding that the two are in eternal conflict, he helped create an academic realm where they share common ground.
Dr. Barbour, who was 90 when he died on Dec. 24 in Minneapolis, earned a doctorate in physics at the University of Chicago and then a divinity degree from Yale, and he never abandoned his passion for scientific exploration or his place in the pew. He embraced the complexities of evolution and the Big Bang theory, of genetics and neuroscience. He also embraced Christianity. He was a devoted parishioner at First United Church of Christ in Northfield, Minn.
In 1999, when he won the Templeton Prize, a prestigious award given annually to “a living person who has made exceptional contributions to affirming life's spiritual dimension,” he said it was missing the point to focus on the supremacy of one over the other, to read either religious texts or scientific findings as comprehensive in their capacity to explain existence.
“If we take the Bible seriously but not literally,” he said in his acceptance address, “we can accept the central biblical message without accepting the prescientific cosmology in which it was expressed, such as the three-layer universe with heaven above and hell below, or the seven days of the creation story.”
"Without change, something sleeps inside us, and seldom awakens. The sleeper must awaken." - Frank Herbert, Author of "Dune", 1965
It's easy to slip into a rut! Joel Armia knows it too. As you may recall, Armia, the 23 year old, 6'3", 205 lb right winger, was one of the cornerstone pieces that came back to the Winnipeg Jets when Evander Kane was unceremoniously jettisoned off to the Buffalo Sabres over one season ago. Drafted in the 1st round, 16th overall by Buffalo, Armia played the following 2 seasons in his native Finland, before coming over to North America ahead of the 2013-14 campaign.
Matias Strozyk had this to say on Eliteprospects.com in 2012 about Armia- "A large forward, Armia plays a simple and solid game. He likes to head towards the net and is very strong in one-on-one situations. Armia is extremely dangerous in the slot where he can create space for himself with a simple deke and then use his sharp and accurate shot to finish the play. Armia has good stickhandling and puck skills but could share the puck more often. He has built his physique well and added a new dimension to his game with improved defensive skills." Armia's stats speak for themselves...
But, what happened? My guess is high expectations and disappointment took it's toll. As you can see, Armia put up great numbers in the Finnish league, scoring 29 points (18g, 11a) in 48 games in his draft year, and followed up with 38 points in 54 games in '11-'12, and 33 points in 47 games in '12-'13 respectively. Then he kind of hit a wall. Despite playing very well with Thomas Vanek and Cody Hodgson on Buffalo's top line in preseason play, a broken hand against Columbus ended his top play for a time being.
Once healthy, Armia was sent to the Rochester Americans of the AHL, the farm team for the Buffalo Sabres, and struggled in putting pucks in the net. His confidence swayed, and his consistency needed improvement. Armia just had to put the work in, as quoted by his Americans coach at the time, Chadd Cassidy. Armia's game picked up the following year, again with the Americans, notching 10 goals and 25 points in 33 games, almost matching his previous years total with 19 fewer games played. Armia was in the upswing. Then, the Winnipeg Jets came a' calling.
Things come in three's, I'm convinced of that. Armia may be no exception to that superstition either. Firstly, coming to North America to play the game he loves meant his support base of familiarity wasn't readily available. Secondly, your first major injury has gone to hinder your mindset. Overcoming both was paramount. And thirdly, being traded to start the process all over again with a new team, in new surroundings and such, Armia had it all within the first year and half of his professional North American hockey career. Not an easy thing to overcome, but that's the business of sports for you.
Once traded to the Winnipeg Jets, Armia was immediately assigned to the St. John's Ice Caps of the AHL and only scored 8 points in 21 games. Not exactly playing like the pivotal trade piece he was touted as, Armia stumbled. Then, the St. John's Ice Caps became the Manitoba Moose, and another move was in store, this time to Winnipeg, where both the Moose and the Jets would play out of the same building, the MTS Centre. Last season was split between the junior club, where he scored 8 points in 18 games, and the main club where he filled in due to injuries and solidified a spot for himself on the Jets' roster, netting 10 points in 43 games, despite having a few lower body injuries to endure. Flashiness in his game began to come out. The consistency of familiar surroundings, despite the club he was playing for, helped his game. Armia is in an upswing going into this upcoming season.
Then the Winnipeg Jets were awarded the 2nd overall pick in the 2016 draft, and after months of speculation and drooling by the Winnipeg Jets faithful fans, the sure thing became the real thing when Patrik Laine was drafted 2nd overall. Laine's numbers are fantastic, and eerily similar to Armia's...
Laine has been in the news alot, and doesn't need an introduction. Again referring to Matias Strozyk on Eliteprospects.com in 2016 about Laine- "A natural scorer, Laine's greatest asset is his intimidating shot. He's not a speedy skater, but possesses power and a long stride, and protects the puck well with his large frame and longer stick. Overall, skating has been a minor issue through Laine's development but has improved with some help from his ability to read the game. Laine has the hunger to create chances on his own from the wing and actively looks for and creates opportunities to use his shot. His elite wrist shot is notable for its quick release and his powerful one-timer from the top of the circle is a constant threat on the man-advantage."
Side by side, the comparison story can be laid out. Last year, Laine put up 33 points (17 goals, 16 assists in 46 games) playing for Tappara of Liiga, the top Finnish hockey league. During Armia's final two years playing for Ässät of the same league, Armia put up similar numbers (38 points in 54 games, and 33 points in 47 games respectively). Even their WJC-20 play is comparable in stature, as Laine put up 13 points in 7 games (7 goals and 6 assists) and Armia put up 7 points in 7 games in '11-'12 and 12 points in 6 games in '12-'13.
I know what you're thinking...anybody can and will gain from playing with Laine. Drew Stafford, Mathieu Perreault, Nikolaj Ehlers. However, If anyone can awaken Armia, who some feel has been a bit of a letdown so far in his career, it's the opportunity to play on the same line with a skilled countryman in Laine. They come from the same leagues, same surroundings, same coaches, etc.. Familiarity and consistency will hopefully bring out the best in Armia, and help him reach his potential. Laine's confidence is bound to rub off on the quieter Armia too.
For some players, success doesn't mean things come about in a linear, straight line. Sometimes these peaks and valleys come about to test us. Armia went thru the formidable changes and challenges any hockey player must face in order to play out their dreams. Laine will no doubt have an easier route, just based upon the timing of his upswing. And low and behold, here they are, both on the upward trend together at the same time, and about to entire into their first NHL campaigns as teammates, and quite possibly linemates.
Armia's NHL plan likely looked like this...
What do you think? Will Armia step up to the plate this season, this being likely his first full season in the NHL? Will Armia increase his playing value and build upon the bridge deal he recently signed? Your thoughts and comments on lineups, etc are welcome below. Thanks for reading!
Slowly but surely, the conversion of Eero Saarinen's majestic TWA Terminal at JFK Airport into a luxury hotel is moving forward. And at an event launching the TWA Lounge at One World Trade Center, Tyler Morse, the CEO of developer MCR, revealed that the new hotel building will begin to go vertical next week, marking a huge construction milestone for the project.
A new rendering offers a view of the front of the hotel complex, with Saarinen's iconic head house in the foreground, and the two hotel “wings”—which will hold about 500 rooms between them—in the background.
For those who've worried that the hotel-ification of Saarinen's masterpiece will ruin the spectacular building, the hotel team's enthusiasm for the project may assuage those fears.
“We are bringing her back to life,” said Morse. He noted that the year 1962—the year the TWA Terminal originally debuted—is the inspiration for the hotel, and all of the spaces within the Saarinen terminal (including the Ambassador's Club) will be restored to their midcentury glory.
And as we previously reported, the main terminal building will not only have its own nightlife spots, but will also connect to a restored Lockheed Super Constellation aircraft, the inside of which will be a restaurant and bar. The aircraft will sit between the two “tubes” of the building, which currently lead to the JFK Terminal, and will also connect to the hotel itself.
The team behind the hotel includes MCR; Beyer Blinder Belle, which is working as the restoration architect; and Lubrano Ciavarra, which is designing the new hotel portion of the complex. (An interior designer for the hotel has yet to be revealed.) Morse noted that they're also working with 22 different government agencies on the project—a feat in and of itself.
The TWA Lounge, meanwhile, is located on the 86th floor of One WTC, and is an extremely detailed re-creation of the Saarinen structure, with a functional Solari departure board—created specifically for the gallery—as one of its many callbacks. (And yes, the original Solari board will remain as part of the TWA Hotel design.)
The lounge is also filled to the brim with vintage TWA ephemera, with everything from branded cigarettes and pins, to old uniforms and models on display. There's even an enormous model of the TWA Terminal, created in 1962 by Saarinen himself.
When the hotel opens, a museum—built to display exactly these sorts of items and pay homage to TWA's lengthy history—will also be on site.
The hotel got its groundbreaking last December. According to Morse, the project is sticking to its construction deadline, with the whole shebang expected to open in about 18 months.
One of the messages the EU heads of state and government are expected to deliver at their extraordinary summit today (23 April) is that the Union cannot absorb any more mass arrivals of migrants, as they risk undermining it economically, and destroying it politically.
The meeting will take place today at 1600, following public outrage after 900 migrants died on Sunday, when their boat sank on its way to Europe from Libya.
>> Read: EU leaders try to rise to the refugee crisis challenge
Diplomats said that the summit will come up with four main messages. The first is that the EU is ready to save lives. Indeed, leaders are likely to agree on doubling the cash and equipment available to two Union border patrol missions in the Mediterranean, a senior diplomat said.
>> Read: EU to double size of Mediterranean rescue operations
The second message is to traffickers, with EU leaders making it clear that “their business model would be destroyed”. It is expected that the the summit will authorise EU foreign affairs chief Federica Mogherini to immediately begin preparations for a possible security and defence policy operation against human traffickers in Libya.
>> Read: EU leaders to consider military crackdown on Libya human traffickers
The third message will be for migrants, whom the EU will try to discourage from coming to Europe. “Europe has its limits, the individual member states, the individual societies have their limits,” a diplomat said, adding that further arrivals of migrants are unsustainable economically and risk destroying the EU.
The diplomat explained that discouraging migrants is “extremely sensitive” politically, that it is a “a challenge to present it”, and that its substance was that Europe is not ready to receive any more mass influxes of refugees, because then everyone who wants to have a better life will come to Europe. “This would destroy Europe at the end,” he said.
He added that those who qualify should benefit from the EU's asylum policy, should they not abuse the system, and that prospective “economic migrants” should be kept at a distance.
He said that these issues were discussed at yesterday's EU-Africa summit, adding that if the Union is giving these countries huge amounts of development money, efforts are also expected from them to cooperate in this area.
>> Read: EU-African summit focuses on migration
The fourth message is an internal one: that more solidarity between member states was needed in terms of burden-sharing, though it is not actually expected.
Who is responsible?
EU leaders are also expected to address the overarching issue of responsibility for the deaths at sea.
“Europe is not responsible for the situation, it should be very clear. Whether we have capacities or whether we can create capacities to stop people from dying is our responsibility. But that they are dying in the sea is not our responsibility,” the diplomat said.
Responding to criticism that the EU has not supported the continuation of the Italian military search and rescue operation Mare Nostrum (see background), the diplomat said that this operation had only filled the pockets of traffickers, who charge $3000 per immigrant only to take them 12 nautical miles off the Libyan coast, where they are rescued by Italian ships.
Asked about the state of lawlessness in Libya, the diplomat acknowledged that there are demands for an Atalanta-type effort, but added that such action would require a UN Security Council resolution.
Atalanta is an EU military operation protecting Somalia-bound vessels from pirates.
But he acknowledged that Moscow would not support such a resolution under present circumstances, and that anyway, member states are divided over the idea, as well.
On This Day
Friday 16th December 1949
69 years ago
The first Saab automobile, the '92' was produced. The design was very aerodynamic for its time, with a drag coefficient (cx or cw)) of 0.30. The entire body was stamped out of one piece of sheet metal and then cut to accommodate doors and windows. Full-scale production started December 12, 1949, based on the prototype Ursaab. All of them were of the Deluxe version. A standard version was advertised, but nobody was interested in buying it so no standard versions were produced. The engine was a transversely mounted, water-cooled two-cylinder, two-stroke 764 cc, 25 hp (19 kW) thermosiphon engine based on a DKW design, giving a top speed of 105 kilometres per hour (65 mph). The transmission had three gears, the first unsynchronised. In order to overcome the problems of oil starvation during overrun (engine braking) for the two-stroke engine, a freewheel device was fitted. The suspension was by torsion bars. All early Saab 92s were painted in a dark green colour similar to British racing green. According to some sources,[who?] Saab had a surplus of green paint from wartime production of airplanes. Saab's rally history already started two weeks after the 92 was released, when Saab's head engineer Rolf Mellde entered the Swedish Rally and came second in his class. Only 700 1950 models were made. In 1951, the German VDO instruments were replaced by American Stewart-Warner components. In 1952 Greta Molander won the 'Coupe des Dames' of the Monte Carlo Rally in a 92, tuned to 35 hp (26 kW). In 1953, the 92B arrived with a much larger rear window and larger luggage space (with an opening lid). It was now available in grey, blue-grey, black and green. In 1954 the Saab 92 got the new Solex 32BI carburetor and a new ignition coil giving 28 hp (21 kW). The US headlights were replaced with Hella units. Another novelty was that a textile roof (semi-cab or cabrio coach) was offered as an option. The colour maroon was also introduced this year. In 1955, it acquired an electric fuel pump and square tail lights installed in the rear fenders. The colours were grey, maroon and a new color, moss green. The English aviation test pilot 'Bob' Moore, who had helped to develop the Saab Tunnan (J29) jet aircraft, brought a 1955 Saab 92B back to England, when he returned, later to become the first managing director of Saab GB Ltd. This was reputedly the first-ever Saab car imported to the UK. The Saab 93 was introduced in December 1955, but both the 92B and 93 were produced at the same time, for a while. The last 92 was assembled in late 1956–early 1957. Two new colours, grey-green and beige, were available. A total of 20,128 Saab 92s were made. The Saab 92 appears on a Swedish postage stamp. When General Motors in 2008 made a list of their top ten cars, the Saab 92 came in first followed by the Pontiac GTO (1964), the Chevrolet Corvette (1953), the EV1 (1996), the Opel Olympia (1936), the LaSalle (1927), the Chevrolet Bel Air (1955), the Cadillac V16 (1930), the Cadillac Model 30 (1910) and the Cadillac (1912) Spyker Cars, the Dutch maker of supercars, bought Saab in February 2010 from General Motors Co. In May 2010, Spyker's CEO Victor Muller stated the firm was planning a new small car, tear-drop shaped and inspired by the Saab 92 model.
On Tuesday, Department of Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly issued a memo stating the the United States would be shifting resources from defending illegal aliens to helping their victims, reports CNS News.
The memo created the Victims of Immigration Crime Engagement Office, which will address victims' concerns and provide information on legal action and immigration status of the criminal.
In the memo, which was actually dated Feb. 20, Kelly didn't pull punches.
“Criminal aliens routinely victimize Americans and other legal residents,” he wrote. “Often, these victims are not provided adequate information about the offender, the offender's immigration status, or any enforcement action taken by ICE against the offender.
“Efforts by ICE to engage these victims have been hampered by prior Department of Homeland Security policy extending certain Privacy Act protections to persons other than U.S. citizens and lawful permanent residents, leaving victims feeling marginalized and without a voice,” he continued.
“Accordingly, I am establishing the Victims of Immigration Crime Engagement Office within the Office of the Director of ICE, which will create a programmatic liaison between ICE and the known victims of crimes committed by removable aliens.
“The liaison will facilitate engagement with the victims and their families to ensure, to the extent permitted by law, that they are provided information about the offender, including the offender's immigration status and custody status, and that their questions and concerns regarding immigration enforcement efforts are addressed.”
And here's the best part:
“To that end,” he said, “I direct the Director of ICE to immediately reallocate any and all resources that are currently used to advocate on behalf of illegal aliens to the new VOICE Office, and to immediately terminate the provision of such outreach or advocacy services to illegal aliens.”
That's so unbelievably awesome. President Donald Trump's America is looking better and better.
Like us on Facebook – USA Liberty News Please share this on Facebook and Twitter and let us know what you think about this amazing development!
How many liberals are going to blow their tops over this? Scroll down to comment below!
Source: conservativetribune.com
H/T The Right Scoop
Yesterday, roleplaying game publisher Wizards of the Coast announced the development of a new edition of D&D. This revision comes less than four years after the release of the last edition of the stalwart RPG. For years, D&D players have drawn battle lines over which edition of the game they prefer, and Wizards is now hoping this new version will lead to a cease-fire. But how will they reunite these various D&D tribes after 40 years of rules revisions?
The latest edition of D&D doesn't have a name yet, though everyone's calling it 5th Edition (or 5E), mainly because the last edition was 4th (not unlike Led Zeppelin IV). The announcement was heralded by articles at mainstream media sites like Forbes and the New York Times –- Wizards flew a bunch of media folks out to their Renton, WA headquarters to unveil the game and even run them through a play session with D&D R&D head Mike Mearls as the dungeon master. Details are hidden behind non-disclosure agreements for the time being.
Advertisement
There are two important things to note in the official announcement of the new edition. First, Wizards will "crowdsource" the design to some extent by releasing parts of the rules for gamers to test and play with, then offer feedback on. It's essentially an open beta, and a method with proven success –- Paizo Publishing used it when developing the Pathfinder RPG in 2009, and that game now reportedly outsells D&D. Second, in the words of Mike Mearls, "We want a game that rises above differences of play styles, campaign settings, and editions, one that takes the fundamental essence of D&D and brings it to the forefront of the game."
Is edition unification even possible? A trip through the convoluted history of D&D's editions will show us how we got here, and if there's a way out.
Advertisement
D&D debuted in the mid-1970s as a boxed set, with rules based on Chainmail, a tactical miniatures game. A few digest-sized supplements were published, too. Copies are fairly rare. This version of D&D could be considered "0th Edition." In the late 70s, the D&D rules were compiled, reworked, tweaked, fixed and altered significantly, incorporating many of the new rules from the supplements. This version was published as Advanced Dungeons & Dragons (AD&D) in 1977, and enjoyed a fairly robust life with a lot of supplements and adventure modules. When someone says, "I only play 1st Edition," this is what they're talking about.
Here's where things get slightly complicated. Simultaneous to the development of AD&D, game publisher TSR put out a series of boxed sets simply called Dungeons & Dragons. These were intended as introductory products to make it easier for players to learn the game and eventually move up to AD&D. Many gamers have fond memories of the "Red Box" basic set released in the 80s, so much so that Wizards put out an introductory set with a nostalgic reuse of the Red Box's cover in 2010. These sets remained in production from 1977 through the mid-90s, when they were combined into a single book called the D&D Rules Cyclopedia. For all intents and purposes, this is a completely separate game from AD&D, although it obviously shares many rules and concepts.
Advertisement
The 2nd Edition of AD&D was published in 1989. This is the edition that stripped out all references to demons and devils to sidestep the Satanic panic that was in vogue at the time. It changed the rules significantly, most famously for creating a strange system for figuring out what you needed to roll to make a successful attack, known as THAC0. Combat was much more tactically detailed in this edition.
Advertisement
3rd Edition came out in 2000. At this point, the D&D boxed sets were discontinued, and this main branch of the D&D product line did away with the "Advanced" prefix. 3rd Edition did away with THAC0, brought fiendish monsters back to the game, and made several other major changes. A revision of 3rd Edition was published in 2003. Known as D&D 3.5, it angered many players who felt it forced them to rebuy all the core rulebooks so shortly after they were first published.
The really important thing about 3rd Edition is that it was published under the Open Gaming License, or OGL. The core mechanical rules of the game, known as the D20 System, could be used, expanded upon and republished by third party companies, much like open source software. No one needed permission from Wizards of the Coast to publish something based on the D20 rules, resulting in an explosion of third party supplements, adventures and entirely new games.
Advertisement
As the publishing life of 3rd Edition ended and 4th Edition was developed, the D&D story took some twists and turns worthy of the most devious dungeon master. Wizards had licensed their two flagship gaming magazines, Dragon and Dungeon, to Paizo Publishing. In anticipation of 4th Edition, they revoked that license. Paizo in turn used the OGL to revise and refine the 3.5 D&D rules and create their own role-playing game, Pathfinder. Pathfinder is essentially D&D 3.75. Paizo recently started claiming that Pathfinder is the best-selling RPG in the world, and while I'm not sure what the claim is based on (Wizards doesn't release sales numbers), I don't doubt that it is true or very nearly true.
What of 4th Edition D&D? It's the most drastic change in the rules yet, such a thorough reworking of the game that characters made with older editions are virtually impossible to convert for use in 4E. All character classes are balanced, giving everyone "powers" to use in combat –- wizards have spells, fighters have elaborate attack moves, and so forth. 4E is deeply polarizing among D&D players –- many accused Wizards of dumbing the game down, or trying desperately to appeal to World of Warcraft players. There are many positive and innovative aspects to 4E, but the numbers don't lie, D&D isn't healthy right now. You could write entire articles about why Wizards stumbled with 4E – in fact, I have.
Advertisement
This brings us back to 5th Edition. There's no possible way to literally unify the various editions under a single rule set. It would be like trying to build a car that can use parts from a 2010 Mustang, a 1950 Packard, and a tractor. And the edition wars are a serious problem for gamers, as RPGS are social games. You need a group to play, and if this girl prefers 2nd Edition, this guy only plays 3rd and those two dudes are only into Pathfinder, none of them get to play.
It seems like Wizards is aiming for a thematic unification, One System to Rule Them All, a version of D&D so perfect, so adaptable and so in tune with the game's ideals that it will win over every gamer. That's impossible too, of course, but it pays to aim high. If you're interested in being part of the 5E open playtest, you can sign up at the bottom of the official announcement.
In our series of viewpoints from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers how international justice is affecting the continent.
Africans are in a new age of revolutions, it seems. From our Arab neighbours in the north to the usual rebellious suspects in eastern Democratic Republic Congo, to the culture haters in northern Mali to the striking miners in the south - change is all around us.
The growth of good news and an explosion of books by ubiquitous Africa experts also speak of a new age of confidence taking advantage of the fastest-growing economies on the planet, huge discoveries of energy and mineral resources and more billionaires and millionaires than at any other African age.
But the more things change the more they seem to stay exactly where they once were.
I have lost count of the number of times I've read of a rebellion in DR Congo, or how, when I first started pretending to be a journalist , I would be irked and annoyed by the same experts describing the armed battles surrounding Laurent Kabila's newly named Democratic Republic of Congo as "Africa's first world war".
They somehow managed to be patronising and inept in this description, conveniently forgetting that Africans fought in both World Wars and that having five nations battling for influence over DR Congo's riches and her politics did not actually involve all 54 of the continent's governments.
Comic book name
Yet here we are again, picking at the scab of this particular wound as the M23 rebel movement marches past UN soldiers who have been clinging on to DR Congo like the useless jungle weed that grows over everything yet provides neither protection nor sustenance to the citizens of Goma and beyond.
Who are DR Congo's M23 rebels? Named after the 23 March 2009 peace accord which they accuse the government of violating
This deal saw them join the army before they took up arms once more in April 2012
Also known as the Congolese Revolutionary Army
Mostly from minority Tutsi ethnic group
Deny being backed by Rwanda and Uganda
Believed to have 1,200 to 6,000 fighters
International Criminal Court indicted top commander Bosco "Terminator" Ntaganda in 2006 for allegedly recruiting child soldiers
The UN and US imposed a travel ban and asset freeze earlier this month on the group's leader, Sultani Makenga Q&A: DR Congo's M23 rebels Profile: Bosco 'Terminator' Ntaganda Harding: DR Congo's cycle of chaos
It is easy to imagine that a lifetime of watching this particular corner of the continent is like being caught in a loop of time, where the same names - Kabila, Kagame - pepper the pages of reports and the same pictures - armed men, fleeing citizens - feed the news channels and nothing much changes.
But add to this looping melodrama the UN and its impotent soldiers, the International Criminal Court and its praise-singers and you could have a brand-new drama in which a rebel with the comic book name of "the Terminator" - also known as General Bosco Ntaganda - flees international sanction to run yet another group of rebels in the Kivus and the new name of Col Sultani Makenga has a victory march in newly captured Goma while threatening to take his far more disciplined troops onwards to take the capital, Kinshasa.
Would such events have occurred were it not for the international arrest warrant out on Gen Ntaganda?
Would the rebels have stayed onside had DR Congo's President Joseph Kabila not promised, under pressure from the ICC, to arrest him?
Of course it would be wrong to assume that horrendous crimes of state and militias should not be punished, but the ever-repeated drama here requires strength to terminate its decade-long hold on the citizens, and that strength has been strangely lacking from the Congolese government as well as the UN mandate.
Is it any wonder, as the speculation has it, the rebels want to form their own republic in the east "The Republic of Volcanoes"?
A republic so aptly named would be difficult for ordinary men and women to tame.
'Alter ego'
And as new people take the reins of rebellion or power, old names keep popping up thanks again to the ICC.
Image caption Ivory Coast's former first lady pictured on the day of her capture in April 2011
We heard last week that an arrest warrant has been issued by the ICC for Madame Simone Gbagbo, the former first lady and politician in the Ivory Coast.
The court's prosecutors said Mrs Gbagbo was a member of her husband's inner circle and his "alter ego", and had blood on her hands over her planning of attacks on political rivals.
There are many who think with the ICC's arrest warrant and summons to The Hague, Madame Gbagbo may have dodged the bullet of local justice
She "exercised joint control over the crimes by having the power to control and give instructions directly to the youth militia who were systematically recruited, armed, trained," the arrest warrant said.
The image that lingers of the first lady's fall from grace is her sitting on a hotel bed in April 2011 surrounded by opposition forces, the tell-tale bruising of several severe slaps around her face, her hair pulled out in lumps from her scalp.
Fear instead of forceful authority dripping from her eyes.
It has all come full circle and instead of being detained in Odienne, a small town in the north of the Ivory Coast, the ICC would like her to join her husband, former President Laurent Gbagbo, in The Hague.
Certainly Mr Gbagbo would like to have his "alter ego" in close proximity, but the African jury is still out on where the fallen should be tried.
The Hague or Monrovia for Liberia's Charles Taylor; Tripoli or The Hague for Libya's Saif al-Islam Gaddafi - and the list will go on.
Image caption Archbishop Desmond Tutu, 81, was awarded $1m for "speaking truth to power" last month
There are many who think with the ICC's arrest warrant and summons to The Hague, Madame Gbagbo may have dodged the bullet of local justice from her foes.
Over in Egypt new revolutionaries are discovering that everyone may dislike a pharaoh but all leaders will one day act like one.
That was the case when the much-lauded Muslim Brotherhood President Mohammed Morsi finally put away the label of former opposition leader to become a fully fledged president with sweeping powers over Egypt's judiciary which, it seems, bore too strikingly the hallmarks of the ancient regime.
One man's president is another man's tyrant and even there in Tahir Square, where the tear gas continues to sting and the rocks keep pelting policemen in uniform long after a pharaoh called Mubarak has gone, the children of the Arab spring are being forced to grow up very quickly.
Perhaps true change can only be bought by the odd million-dollar donation from our burgeoning billionaire class.
But you may have to be a very old male bishop to qualify.
If you would like to comment on Farai Sevenzo's latest column, please use the form below.
The McCarthy era ‘Red Scare' and blacklist was undoubtedly an assault on the Communist Party, as well as the broader labor-led left. While individual Party leaders, members and close allies bore the brunt of the assault on democratic rights, other forces close to the left (communist or otherwise) were also affected by the wave of repression.
Mary Helen Washington's The Other Blacklist: The African American Literary and Cultural Left of the 1950s is a welcomed addition to the history of this period, especially its impact on African Americans.
To her credit, Washington doesn't gloss over the role of the Communist Party in fostering, facilitating and supporting a Black ‘Popular Front' of literary and cultural figures. She writes, “…it is clear why the CP attracted blacks, especially during the depression.” For, it was the Party's leadership in the Unemployed Councils, the National Negro Congress, the Sharecroppers' Union, the Civil Rights Congress and the Council on African Affairs, among other formations fighting for equality, that lead thousands of African Americans to join the Communist Party, and form a Red-Black alliance – even during the 1950's McCarthy period.
The Other Blacklist starts with an analysis of Lloyd L. Brown, a public CP member, author and editor of the Marxist, Party-led cultural journal Masses & Mainstream. Brown, the author of the classic novel Iron City and essay “Which Way for the Negro Writer,” was constantly hounded and harassed by the FBI.
Iron City found its genesis in real life, as a reflection on Brown's years as a union organizer in Pittsburgh, his seven month incarceration “for trying to get communists on the ballot,” and his befriending of a young Black man on death row – whom he formed a defense committee with.
According to Washington, “Brown clearly wanted Iron City to represent both the Party's power and the anticommunist attack…” In many regards, Brown novel was an autobiographical socialist-realist novel. It was sold through the Masses & Mainstream subscription list, an illustration of the lefts' independent cultural apparatus that was soon to be decimated by the ‘Red Scare.'
Brown joined the Party in the early 1930's through the John Reed Clubs, became active in the Young Communist League, worked to free the ‘Scottsboro Nine,' eventually becoming a Party leader, literary and cultural figure, and editor of Masses & Mainstream. He eventually left the Party in the late 1950's – though he remained committed to socialism. Ultimately, Iron City, though largely neglected when first written due to the other blacklist, has now become a central document in postwar Black cultural studies.
The Other Blacklist doesn't only focus on open Party members. It also highlights the cultural contributions of people like Alice Childress, whose membership in the Party is contested.
Childress, taught dramatic art at the Party-led Jefferson School for Social Sciences, wrote for Party-led publications like Masses & Mainstream, the Daily Worker and Freedom – Paul Robeson's publication – spoke at Party-sponsored union and May Day benefit events, and worked in the Committee for the Negro in the Arts, among other groups considered treasonous.
Childress was identified by the FBI as a member of the “Harlem Regional Committee” of the Party. However, Brown – an open communist – claimed that Childress “deliberately refused” to join the CP “so as not to handicap herself as a writer and as an actor…” Brown would add, “She was with us on all important issues,” regardless of her actual membership status.
Though her Party membership is contested, through her work in the Harlem Unity Theatre, Committee for the Negro in the Arts, and the interracial New Playwrights theatre – founded by communists Mike Gold and John Howard Lawson – Childress's “racialized radicalism” undoubtedly became part and parcel of the history of the communist-led radical leftist cultural tradition. And it builds upon a narrative that challenges the standard Cold War view that the Communist Party became irrelevant and isolated after the witch-hunts – and practically had no impact on the late 1950's early 1960's era civil rights movements.
This is probably Washington's greatest contribution in The Other Blacklist – the challenging of this standard Cold War narrative, as, understandably, many communists, leftists and radicals of all stripes, were reluctant to reveal their membership in and participation with progressive forces.
During the height of the ‘Red Scare,' Childress also risked her livelihood and aided Party members in their underground work. She “crossed the line into subversive and illegal activity” by hosting well-known Party historian Herbert Aptheker, among others, for underground meetings – which “could have meant a jail term for Childress.” Childress's relationship with the then CPUSA national women's commission chair, Claudia Jones, is also obscured by the history of McCarthyism and the sanitizing of African American literary and cultural history.
Among other things, Washington contextualizes Childress's plays “Gold Through the Trees,” “Trouble in Mind,” as well as her essay “For a Strong Negro People's Theatre,” as part of a radical, working class tradition expanded to include race, gender and sexuality.
Washington also looks at the life and work of artist Charles White, authors Frank London Brown and Gwendolyn Brooks, as well as an analysis of the First Conference of Negro Writers in spring 1959, which – we find out – was funded by CIA front groups and actively worked to obscure, discredit and marginalize then African American communist literary and cultural figures like Lorraine Hansberry and Julian Mayfield.
The Other Blacklist is a well-researched, informative, illuminating work. It succeeds in placing communists, and their allies, in the heart of the African American literary and cultural upsurge that ultimately aided in the emergence of the 1960's era civil rights movement. By challenging the standard Cold War narrative of Communist Party irrelevance and isolation, The Other Blacklist not only promotes radical African American cultural production in the 1950's, it also highlights the very real internal and external pressures faced by communists and their allies. It adds nuance and depth, personalizing a very political historical moment.
The Other Blacklist: The African American Literary and Cultural Left of the 1950s
By Mary Helen Washington
Columbia University Press, 2014, 347 pages
Photo: Columbia University Press
A couple of weeks ago I reviewed the Jabra Move and found it pretty good...a little too bass heavy for me, but pretty good for those who like some thump. The headphones mostly interested me because they came from Jabra, a company best known for both corporate and consumer telephone headsets.
That same curiosity had me contacting Plantronics for a similar price headphone, the BackBeat 500. I've been more impressed with these products than I expected, but I think they're going to have to keep working on it to beat the likes of Sennheiser. Let's check 'em out.
Plantronics BackBeat 500 ($79)
The Plantronics BackBeat 500 is a sealed, on-ear, Bluetooth headphone. I'm usually not a fan of bold colors, flashy graphics, and spanky shapesI'm more of a form-follows-function, simple and elegant kinda guybut I must say Plantronics did a pretty fine job of tasty pizzaz with these little cans.
I've got the light gray/bright green version, but there's a dark gray and white version that are a bit more toned down and too my liking.
At this price it's no surprise the construction is mostly plastic. What is a nice surprise is that it seems to be pretty high grade synthetic materials. The one bit of metal apparent is the headband extension arms, which are green (in this version) anodized aluminum. Good thing too...we'll get to that in a moment.
The perforated pleather headband pad covers a regular foam cushion. This pad is a bit larger than most headphones of this price and type, and does a good job of contacting my head over a fairly wide area. With a svelt 157 grams, I found this pad quite comfortable.
The earpads, on the other hand are memory foamkind of unusual at this priceand the coverings, if not protein leather, are a really nice grade of pleather. I found them quite comfortable...after I made a somewhat unsettling modification.
The ear pads can swivel forward and back for fit, and flat for transport and storage. And they til up and down, but have only a small range of motion. Unfortunately, for me, and many people I suspect, they don't tilt downward far enough to properly line up with my ears. Out of the box there was too much pressure on the bottom of my ear, and it only touched gently at the top. Not good.
At that point I almost called off the reviewcomfort is crucially important on a headphone, so if they don't fit properly it's a dealbreaker. Oft time these kinda situations are best served by bending the middle of the headband out, but in this case the headband is extremely flexible, and it fits so well that I didn't want to change the bend up top.
Fortunately, I had noted the aluminum extension arms and quality build, so I figure they might be manually persuaded into a better position, and it's really the pad angle that needed changing, not the caliper pressure.
By carefully gripping the headband, and more importantly, the earpad in such a way as to not overly strain either, I positioned both thumbs up against the aluminum extension arm. Then carefully applying just enough pressure to deform the aluminum, I could bend the slightly curved arm into a straighter position. It didn't take much of a bend on each side to correct the fit, so be sure not to over do it. Go in small steps and recheck fit each time.
Once the pads are in good position, the headphones are remarkably comfortable as a result of the nicely implemented headband and ear pads. Still, this is a bit of an Achilles Heel for these cans; most owners won't read this review and some may have a hard time with fit. Of the 43 Amazon reviews three negative reviews were clearly about comfort issues. (Overall rating was 4 of 5 stars.)
Accessorization was minimal, as expected at this price. The included cable is a tad long for portable use at 57", and is terminated at either end with 3.5mm TRS plugsthe headphone end is straight and player end is 90 degrees. Also included is a USB charging cable and simple drawstring fabric bag.
The electronics automatically turn off when the cable is plugged into the headphones; you can not use the BackBeat 500 as a phone headset while on the wire. The good news is that a 2.5 hour charge will get you about 18 hours of play time, so the need to go on the wire for a dead battery will be minimal. It's a slightly inefficient headphone; I felt it reached solid listening levels wired to a phone, but some who like it very loud (please be careful) may find it not quite loud enough.
Pairing was quick, easy, and as expected with my Android phone, but it was lightning fast with my iOS products. If I had previously paired both my iPad and iPhone, and then initiate pairing with Bluetooth enabled on both iOS devices, the BackBeat 500 would pretty much immediately pair with both devices. Bluetooth range was about average and voice quality good.
I was able to play media with good resolution from both devices, and latency for movies was low. If I had one device playing music and started playing music on the other device, the BackBeat 500 would remain on the currently playing device; if I pushed stop on the current device and then pushed play on the other, the audio would switch. If I got a call on my iPhone while listening to the iPad it would pause the iPad and switch to comms on the phone. It all worked just dandy.
The buttons are ergonomically positioned around the circumference of the ear capsules and are easy to find and push by thumb tip. The play/pause/FF/RW controls, which push to click, are embedded under the flexible cover of the left ear capsule. All controls worked as expected; you can check them out in the remarkably sparse product manual here.
Let's have a listen.
You're driving down a dirt road near the village of Misa, Latvia, roughly 32 miles south east of Riga, when suddenly a dozen youngsters emerge from the woods. They're dressed in military garb, and their faces are painted green and brown; they wear tree branches around their heads and arms—camouflage. They've just finished a training simulation: liberating a hostage from enemy soldiers. They are members of the Youth Guard, a section of Latvia's National Guard. With its more than 8,000 volunteers, it is the country's largest paramilitary group.
Tomaso Clavarino is an Italian documentary photographer who spent nearly a month reporting from Eastern Europe and the Baltic states. Between April and June of this year, he followed several Baltic paramilitary groups, including the Lithuanian Lietuvos Šaulių Sąjunga (“Riflemen's Union”), the Estonian Defense League, and the National Guard, which was recently folded into Latvia's 1,500-strong National army. While these groups have existed for decades, their ranks have swelled in recent years in response to Russian aggression.
Among the paramilitary volunteers are bikers, ex-soldiers, hunters, and stockbreeders. Each group has its own division dedicated to training young men and women in military tactics and patriotism; some volunteers are as young as 12 years old. These groups insist they are apolitical. They seek to defend their borders and train the warriors of tomorrow to prepare for whatever Putin has planned next.
By John Fallon
A novel campaign is to be put on trial aimed at reducing rowdiness outside nightclubs and at the same time delivering a road safety message over the festive period.
Free lollipops are to be handed out to revellers leaving nightclubs and bars in Co Mayo in the hope that they will not be able to shout or cause a disturbance while sucking on them, while getting them to read the road safety message wrote on them.
The scheme, which is being led by Mayo County Council, is being put on trial after a similar project in the UK and Canada proved successful.
The lollipops, with messages such as ‘Get Home Safely' on them, will be distributed late at night as people are leaving pubs and clubs and Noel Gibbons, road safety officer with Mayo County Council, says the scheme has worked well abroad.
“The plan is to give out the sugary treats to people coming from nightclubs and late bars in an attempt to crack down on road deaths of pedestrians and to stop drunken brawls. It's a strategy taken from the playbook of police in the UK and Canada, who also use the 'sucker punch' tactic to placate aggressive, drunken men at the end of a night out.
“Like giving candy to a grumpy baby, lollipops are said to have similar effects on grown men and women. Moreover, arguments fuelled by drunken bravado and macho attitudes often escalate following verbal exchanges.
But stick a lollipop in their mouth, and it becomes a lot harder to shout.
“In other countries police noticed an immediate decrease in rowdy activity and an increase in calming energy and awareness created around the message on the lollipop,” he said.
The scheme is being supported by gardaí in Mayo and Supt Joe McKenna, who is based in Castlebar, said it was worth trying out.
"Through this campaign we and our partners are using a whole range of ideas to tackle anti-social behaviour and improve road safety to make the Christmas period and New Year a enjoyable and safe time for all,” he said.
The trial is also being backed by pubs and nightclubs in Mayo and Joe Corcoran, manager of the Westport Plaza and Castlecourt Hotel Resort, said they would be backing it.
“We are very happy to be involved with any campaign that can save a life. This is a fantastic initiative by the road safety department of Mayo County Council,” he said.
Every weekend, I will be posting about the minor leaguers you should be stashing on your team. This list will be arranged by impact for this year only. Players that will be called up sooner will be ahead of players with more talent who might only be called up late in the year. Prospects are a great way to stay ahead of everyone else rather you are in a dynasty league or a 10-team league. With the minor league season going, we can start seeing some movement with this list. With more and more games to evaluate, new players will jump onto the list, while others could fall off entirely.
1) Lucas Giolito, Chicago White Sox AAA, ETA: July
He has nine straight starts with allowing three earned runs of less. In that span he has 51.1 IP with 51 strikeouts and 20 walks to go with his 3.51 ERA. He has brought his ERA down from 7.31 on May 8th to 4.86. In June, he has upped him strikeouts and has 36 strikeouts in 29.1 innings, which is good for 11.0 k/9. He is really hitting his groove and the White Sox should be considering a promotion this month.
2) Chance Adams, New York Yankees AAA, ETA: August
Adams has only pitched one inning in the past 10 days because of a rain delay. The Yankees are getting CC Sabathia back this week so their bullpen is back to full strength. Their rotation is doing quite well, so I do not see a need for Adams unless another injury occurs. If that happens, he should the guy as Luis Cessa is not pitching deep enough into games, and has an ERA of 5.82.
3) Andrew Moore, Seattle Mariners AAA, ETA: Tomorrow Go Add Him!
This should be Andrew Moore's last time on the list. He is being recalled to Seattle to pitch Monday against the Royals. He will be a two-start pitcher next week with the Athletics on the books as well. Two very good teams to pick up a starting pitcher for. He only made one start since being sent back down and did quite well. He allowed one earned through five innings, he struck out four and walked none. Andrew is a Low Ceiling High Floor pitcher. Rest of Season he could slot into the 60-70 rankings.
4) Luke Weaver, St. Louis Cardinals AAA, ETA: July
Weaver was pulled in the fourth inning of his June 23rd start for an injury. He did make his next scheduled start and went six strong innings allowing no runs while striking out six. He has been battling injuries all year after starting AAA on the DL with a back issue. He has a 1.93 ERA through 11 starts. There is not a spot for him in ST Louis right now, but there could be if the Cardinals decide to be sellers.
5) Reynaldo Lopez, Chicago White Sox AAA, ETA: August
Reynaldo pitched a gem this week going 6.2 innings with one earned run and a walk allowed while striking out eleven. He now has nine quality starts on the year through his 15 starts. The White Sox could use some quality starters but I think Giolito will be the first called up. He has been the better pitcher the past month as Reynaldo has fallen off a bit in June with a 5.32 ERA.
6) Drew Steckenrider, Miami Marlins AAA, ETA: July
Steckenrider is penciled in to pitch in the AAA All-star game on July 12th. If he stays in AAA that is. He has not allowed a walk in his last eight minor league appearances while striking out 14 in the same span. The Marlins are rumored to be dealing their bullpen pieces at the deadline, which will open a spot up for Drew Steckenrider. He has an outside shot of ending the year the closer if the Marlins deal AJ Ramos.
7) Yohander Mendez, Texas Rangers AA, ETA: August
The Rangers have been dealing with injuries all season and have had ten different starters this year. The Rotation has AJ Griffin, and Martin Perez on the DL and Yu Darvish and Andrew Cashner banged up as well. However, it looks like Martin Perez is coming off the DL tomorrow, and Darvish and Cashner will make their starts this week. If the Rangers are cautious, they could have Yohander make a spot start as he is only 45 minutes away in Frisco. He is a good but unspectacular and will likely be an innings eater that will not destroy your ERA. He does a great job getting his six innings as he has done in 12 of his last 13 outings, which gives him more upside in QS leagues.
8) Steven Brault, Pittsburgh Pirates AAA, ETA: August
Baseball America ranks Steven Brault the #7 prospect in the Pirates Organization and it is easy to see why by looking at his last start, eight scoreless innings with no walks, four hits allowed and nine strikeouts. He has some competition in AAA with Drew Hutchinson who owns a 1.86 ERA in his last seven starts. The Pirates could go with Hutch should they need a starter but Brault warrants consideration as he leads the International League in ERA (2.04).
9 ) Lucas Sims, Atlanta Braves AAA, ETA: August
He is an International League All Star, only Ozzie Albies and Sims were selected from Gwinnett. He leads the International League in strikeouts (96), is tied for first in games started (16) and is 6th in whip (1.19). He has done well in AAA but I would not expect huge numbers from him. He could strike some guys out, especially against NL East line ups, and could collect some wins with the Braves but I don't expect him to be a guy to stash right now unless you are in a big team/roster league.
10 ) Jimmie Sherfy, Arizona Diamondbacks AAA, ETA: July
Welcome to the list Jimmie Sherfy. For Dynasty Leagues or big roster leagues looking for a future closer, Jimmie Sherfy is your guy. Before I talk about his season, let us go to MLB Pipeline for his scout grades:
Fastball: 70
Slider: 55
Change Up: 40
Control: 40
Overall: 45
He has two plus pitches to go with an average change up. You might say, well has a 40 control, why would he be a future closer? Well those grades were in the off-season and based in large part on 2016 where he nearly owned a 4BB/9. In 2017, he has been much better only allowing three walks through 29.1 IP. That is less than one walk per nine. He also led the minors in saves in 2016 and has converted nine out of 10 this year. He looks good.
The Race War in Russia's Capital
MOSCOW — It's been a sad Eid al-Adha this year for many of the Muslims living in Russia. On the eve of the holiday this year, police took to the streets of Moscow to arrest hundreds of illegal residents, many of them Muslims. As I followed the news I found myself recalling a recent conversation with my friend Magomed. Magomed, who hails from the southern republic of Dagestan, has nurtured a lifelong fondness for the Russian heartland — and it pains him to realize that many mainstream Russians often don't reciprocate. He's fond of Russian culture and the Russian language, and he's happy that Dagestan became a part of Russia two hundred years ago. Like the many people from his part of the country who now live in Moscow, however, he speaks Russian with a perceptible accent, and his skin is darker than that of many European Russians. So despite his longing to be treated like other Russian citizens, his everyday experience tends to be somewhat contradictory: "If you're a dark-skinned guy from the Caucasus, they assume you're the enemy."
Ethnic tensions have been ratcheting up in Moscow lately, and last Sunday they exploded. The scene was a western suburb of the city known as Biryulevo, which has a large population of immigrants from the Caucasus. It's a depressing industrial district without many attractions, it's never had a subway station, and it's notorious for its bad pollution — all reasons why immigrants have traditionally found it affordable.
It's important to understand that most of the immigrants living on construction sites and markets all across the country are living in Russia illegally. They tend to come from cultures that stress close family ties, and they use those networks of trust to protect each other when they're outside of their homes, a tactic that can often generate fear and mistrust amongst those excluded. Over the past decade, diaspora groups from places like the former Soviet republics of the Caucasus and Central Asia (especially Azerbaijan, Georgia, Armenia, Tajikistan, and Uzbekistan), as well as the Russian territories in the North Caucasus (Dagestan and Chechnya), have monopolized the gypsy taxi network in the area. Others have established corrupt connections with local officials and businesses.
Instead of punishing corrupt employers for unlawfully taking advantage of low-wage workers, the Kremlin aims instead to close the borders — which, needless to say, will merely boost the demand for cheap labor and thus end up exacerbating the problem. The widespread sense that the immigrants often live by their own clannish rules also aggravates resentment. Simple xenophobia is a factor, too. Despite Russia's long history as a multiethnic state, people from the Caucasus often look different from European Russians, and simmering discontent over current economic stagnation, inequality, and corruption can all too easily find itself transferred to the visible "others" within the community.
Biryulevo just needed a spark to set it off. Last week came the news that an Azeri immigrant had stabbed a young Russian man to death in the area. The initial failure of the police to nab the suspected killer additionally inflamed the situation. On Sunday afternoon, an angry crowd converged on the area's huge vegetable warehouse, which is alleged to be a locus of criminal activity in the neighborhood. Rioters also broke into a shopping center famous for employing migrants, as seen in the photo above. The crowd, which included men, women, and teenagers, vowed to smoke the foreigners out of the area, and soon a full-fledged riot was under way. The rioters attacked anyone who looked "dark," beating some of them badly. Raging crowds burnt shops and cars and ruined stacks of market goods. The ground turned red from watermelon and tomato juice. Even when squads of police arrived by bus to club and detain riot participants, the rioters held their ground. In some cases, members of the angry crowd surrounded the policemen, who cowered under their riot shields.
Alexander Belov, one of the leaders of a popular nationalist movement known as "Russkie" ("Russians"), told me that the participants in the Biryulevo pogrom were ordinary, angry citizens, not activists of any organized groups. Belov told me that he'd been on the scene "to monitor and coordinate the people's gathering." In his account, the locals had demanded action from the authorities, and, having received no response, proceeded to beat up the "blacks" (a slur often used for members of ethnic groups from southern Russia).
On Monday the authorities responded — but not by cracking down on the architects of the violence. Instead they went after the victims, detaining more than 1,200 immigrants from the south Caucasus and Central Asian countries. On Oct. 16, three days after the riots, the police caught up with the 25-year-old Azeri man suspected to be responsible for the killing. It says a lot about the current state of race relations that the police had no compunction about recording themselves beating him up before they put him on a helicopter and flew him back to Moscow.
The authorities' only solution to the problem of ethnically motivated violence seems to be a crackdown on its targets, draconian reform of immigration laws, and the arbitrary arrest and deportation of hundreds of people. Such initiatives make leaders of the nationalist movements happy: finally, they say, the Kremlin has heard their calls to "cleanse" Russia of non-Slav faces. They were especially pleased by the announcement that the Moscow city government has decided to shut down the vegetable storehouse in Biryulevo, which has employed hundreds of immigrants for over a decade.
This week's events show that the Kremlin has more tolerance for angry crowds fighting the police over ethnic hatred than they do for liberal opposition activists. Last year, prosecutors started criminal investigations against dozens of opposition activists; by contrast, only three hooliganism cases have been opened against organizers of the Sunday event. Politicians are scrambling over each other in their efforts to cater to the nationalist fervor. Lawmakers are considering banning foreigners from renting or buying real estate without a special permit. Anti-immigrant groups are also collecting signatures in support of instituting a visa regime for visitors from Central Asia and the South Caucasus. The opposition leader Alexei Navalny, who is sometimes accused of pandering to the nationalists, supports the idea of immigration reform. But the solutions he proposes are based on reinforcing the rule of law by fighting corruption and creating conditions to prevent businesses from daring to use the cheap labor of illegal immigrants.
The nationalist Belov says he is happy to see how authorities meet the demands of the people who were behind the Biryulevo pogrom: "Unlike the liberal opposition, we don't yell "Down with Putin!" he told me. "Instead we ask for solutions to concrete issues: to close markets run by ethnic mafias, to establish a visa regime for Central Asian immigrants and eventually for anybody who comes from the North Caucasus" — even though the North Caucasus is actually part of Russia.
Independent experts say that the crackdown on immigrants is actually rooted in politics. "The Kremlin is playing a dangerous game of compromise with Russian nationalists in order to distract public opinion from the real picture of Putin's declining popularity," human rights activist Tanya Lokshina told me. "It's always easier to create a foreign enemy than to fight corruption and improve the system." That is, of course, a tactic that could easily backfire.
1 shares
By Hal Gordon
On the night of April 14-15, 1912, the R.M.S. Titanic struck an iceberg and sank with a loss of over 1500 lives. It was the greatest peacetime disaster in maritime history.
In the hundred years since, we have been assured that the victims of the tragedy did not die in vain. Thanks to their sacrifice, we are told, sea routes were moved south, regulations were changed to require sufficient lifeboats for all passengers, the International Ice Patrol was established and other essential safety measures were adopted.
And so it happened. But not at first. Not until after a squalid sequel of political grandstanding, finger pointing and whitewashing.
No sooner had the British liner Carpathia docked in New York with the Titanic's survivors when William Alden Smith, an eager, self-promoting U.S. senator from Michigan, bounded up the gangplank to inform J. Bruce Ismay, the chairman of the White Star Line who was among those rescued, that Smith was chairing a special inquiry into the disaster, and that Ismay and the crew would be detained for the proceedings.
Ismay had cabled New York from the Carpathia to arrange for a ship to take the and the surviving crew back to England for an official investigation there. But the cable had been intercepted, and Smith had scented opportunity. On April 19, just four days after the sinking, the hearings began at New York's Waldorf-Astoria hotel. (Subsequently, they would be moved to Washington.)
Sir James Bryce, Britain's ambassador to the United States, described Smith as a person of “singular incompetence” who was “always anxious to put himself forward where any passing notoriety can be achieved.” Bryce may have exaggerated, but there is no question that Smith was an ambitious politician with axes of his own to grind.
A maverick Republican with a marked distaste for big business, Smith had previously clashed with plutocrat J.P. Morgan. Smith was aware that although the Titanic had sailed under British registry and with a British crew, the White Star Line itself was owned by Morgan's financial empire. So, in addition to garnering the widespread publicity that would attend the hearings, Smith saw a golden opportunity to embarrass Morgan.
Unfortunately for him, Smith's qualifications to conduct the hearings were not equal to his investigative zeal, with the result that he frequently embarrassed himself. At one point, he actually inquired of a witness what icebergs were made of. “Ice” came the reply. Later, he asked if the passengers could have saved themselves by taking refuge in the Titanic's watertight compartments – a question that earned him the sobriquet, “Watertight Smith.”
Despite his multiple gaffes, Smith managed to compile over a thousand pages of valuable eyewitness testimony. He also gave the public a villain in the person of White Star chairman J. Bruce Ismay.
Ismay's very survival made him suspect. Although he insisted that he was no more than an ordinary passenger on the Titanic, as chairman of the line he was ultimately responsible for the lack of lifeboats and other failures that had contributed to the loss of so many lives. Furthermore, there is evidence that this “passenger” had pressed the Titanic's captain, E.J. Smith, not to slacken speed despite radio warnings of icebergs in the ship's vicinity.
Most embarrassing of all was Ismay's claim that he had taken the last vacant seat in one of the last lifeboats to leave the doomed vessel because there were no other passengers in sight at the time. That may well have been true; there had been no lifeboat drills and confusion reigned during the sinking. But Ismay's claim was met with understandable skepticism, and he himself was branded a coward and worse.
If the American hearings had featured grandstanding and finger pointing, the proceedings in Britain included a liberal application of whitewash. The British hearings were conducted under the auspices of the Board of Trade, the very government agency whose antiquated regulations had permitted the Titanic to sail without providing enough lifeboats for all passengers.
That aside, there was the matter of British prestige. In 1912, Britain was still the world's preeminent maritime power – but just barely. A rising Imperial Germany was challenging the supremacy of the Royal Navy, and even Britain's passenger ships were facing stiff competition from Germany's Hamburg-Amerika and Norddeutscher-Lloyd lines. Public opinion in Britain had good reason to focus more on the heroism shown by the Titanic's officers and crew and less on the incompetence that had caused the collision with the iceberg. As Lord Mersey, the chairman of the British inquiry, expressed it: “The importance of this Enquiry has to do with the future. No Enquiry can repair the past.”
Curiously, given the different lines of questioning pursued, both the American and British hearings came to the same conclusion: The sinking of the Titanic had been an Act of God, rather than the result of negligence. And both investigative bodies made broadly similar recommendations for preventing a recurrence of the tragedy.
Yet in the end, a rough justice prevailed over the politics that had driven the investigations on both sides of the Atlantic.
The Act of God verdict did not stand. The British inquiry may have acquitted Captain Smith and the White Star Line of negligence, but a British jury found otherwise. In 1913, a man who had lost a son on the Titanic sued the White Star Line and won a heavy judgment. Other lawsuits followed. In 1916, the White Star Line settled the victims' claims for the loss of life and property for $664,000. That was tantamount to an admission of guilt.
Similarly, J. Bruce Ismay had been officially exonerated by the British inquiry, but he was convicted by the court of public opinion. He would shortly resign as chairman of the White Star Line and retire to a remote estate on the west coast of Ireland, there to remain until his death in 1937.
The official posturings, evasions and petty politics have long since been mercifully forgotten. What we remember today are the sacrifices and the heroic deeds that illuminate the celebrated disaster. These are what make the story of the Titanic as compelling today as it was a century ago.
About the Author:
Hal Gordon, who wrote speeches for the Reagan White House and Gen. Colin Powell, is currently a freelance speechwriter in Houston. Web site: www.ringingwords.com.
This article originally appeared on PunditWire.com and is republished here with permission.
Outrider USA, a Fletcher company that makes ultralight adventure vehicles, wants to build an electric-powered tricycle that brings the adrenaline, adventure and feel of riding a bike to people of all physical abilities.
FLETCHER — Outrider USA, a Fletcher company that makes ultralight adventure vehicles, wants to build an electric-powered tricycle that brings the adrenaline, adventure and feel of riding a bike to people of all physical abilities.
However, the financial support of others will decide whether the trikes will roll out of the shop and onto the streets and trails.
"It's not just another widget or gadget or something like that. It's a lot bigger than that to the people that are using it. It's not something that helps you make your coffee faster or turns your lights on when you come back to your house," said Jesse Lee, who co-founded and co-owns Outrider USA with his friends, Tommy Ausherman and Dan Rhyne. "It's technology, but I feel like this is technology with a higher purpose."
On Tuesday, March 11, the company shared its vision for the recumbent, electric-powered and customizable trike known as the Horizon with the world when it launched a crowdsourcing campaign on Kickstarter. By Friday afternoon, the project had 82 backers and $24,069. The goal, which Outrider must reach by 1:49 p.m. April 10 or they won't receive even a cent for the project, is $100,000.
However, with less than a month to go, Lee said failure isn't an option.
"It's hard to imagine a world without the abilities that each of us currently have. It's not something many of us typically think of when we wake up in the morning," said Lee, who is also an avid road biker. "But they want that adrenaline fix, or they want ... that adventure, and they have it in their heart saying, 'Let's go out and do this; I'm excited to do this,' but their body isn't capable of doing it in the way that they want to. The Horizon is a tool to allow them to do that."
The Horizon is a recumbent trike, which means that unlike a traditional upright tricycle, the vehicle puts the rider in a laid-back or reclining position. However, Lee said this isn't the typical trike someone might see zipping around curves on the Blue Ridge Parkway or swerving down a trail path.
For example, a normal trike seat is designed fairly low to the ground, which Lee said isn't an option for someone trying to get into the vehicle from a wheelchair that's roughly 19 or 20 inches tall. With that information, Lee said the seat on the Horizon will be roughly that high. The vehicle also features 4 inches of suspension and knobby tires — both crucial so that it can handle surfaces from pavement to grass, roots and mud — as well as an electric-powered motor. It can even go in reverse.
"Let's say we come up to the end of a trail and there's nowhere else to go. If you can't get up and get off the bike and turn it around, you're in trouble. So reverse is really critical," Lee said.
However, the tech specs Lee said he is most proud of come from working with people with varying physical abilities from around the country and here in the mountains as well. As a result, the Horizon can be adapted nine ways.
"We've done that intentionally because everybody does have a different physical ability. Maybe they have function only in their upper body. Maybe they have limited function throughout. Maybe they only have their right arm or left arm. There are all sorts of combinations that can take place," Lee said, noting that the bike can have hand pedals, foot pedals or tri-pin controls. "It's cool to have feedback from this community because we know electric bikes extremely well and we've co-designed this with a man named Chris Wenner."
About a year ago, Wenner contacted the guys at Outrider to build a trike just for him. When Wenner was 17, he was in a diving accident. He broke his neck and damaged his spinal cord. The accident left the now 40-year-old Arizona man paralyzed with no use of his legs and little strength in his hands and arms.
However, his love of adventure was never damaged or bruised. In one of the videos on the Kickstarter page, Wenner described a dream he kept having.
"After I broke my neck, I couldn't, couldn't ride a bike, couldn't go surfing anymore. I had a recurring dream that I was in a bike shop — different bike shop each time, each dream — and I was selecting ideal components, ideal frame configuration, and by doing so, it was kind of understood in the dream that I'd be able to ride that bike," he said. "And I woke up each time before the build actually happened. Right now, I'm wide awake. It's happening."
Wenner is currently testing the first prototype of the Horizon. Last week, he put the trike to the test when he biked from Arizona to San Diego. Lee said without Wenner's phone call and passion, the Horizon might never have been built.
"He's been a huge, huge inspiration to bring it to market, basically. We have had requests from other people but nobody who put it in the same light as Chris and really made us realize how important it was to get this out so that other people can get out and experience the thrill and the freedom of cycling," Lee said.
Royce Cowan of Waynesville has also been working closely with the Fletcher-based company on their Kickstarter campaign. Three months after he got married, he was diagnosed with Lou Gehrig's disease. He was 27 at the time. The diagnosis did not stop him.
"I was told I could expect to get in three more years — three years of freedom. No school, no work and, unfortunately, a failing nervous system. So, I decided to hike every trail in the Great Smoky Mountains National Park," he said.
Cowan, 31, said he thought that after that his adventuring days would be over, but then he returned to cycling, a pastime he enjoyed when he was younger.
"In order to maintain my leg strength, I started riding a stationary recumbent bike. It wasn't long before I decided to give a real recumbent a try. For this I turned to Outrider USA. It has been nearly two years since I first rode my trike and I've been riding ever since," Cowan said. "My electric assist recumbent trike gives me my active life back. I can go on walks with my family, rides with other cyclists, short trail "hikes," bring my daughter to the park and festivals. Without it, I'd be limited to only what I could do in a wheelchair."
During the first week of April, Cowan will be one of the people who will get to test-drive the second prototype of the Horizon. Cowan said that if the project gets funded, it could be life-changing.
"I know there are others out there just like me: An unforeseen unfortunate event has altered their lives for the worst and here is a chance for theme to get a piece of their life back," he said.
Lee said people like Cowan and Wenner continue to inspire him with the Kickstarter campaign.
"I've never worked more intimately and more intensely on anything in my life. This is absolutely the pinnacle of all of my efforts of the past three years of working with this company," Lee said.
Three days after the campaign launched, Lee said he couldn't sleep. It was 3 a.m. and he was pacing the floors. But then, his phone went off. It was an alert telling him that the project had another backer and they had left a comment.
"It was a woman from New Zealand and she said something like, 'I've pledged what I can to the campaign. I really hope you guys are successful. This has to come to production. I have severe back issues and this is something that would let me get out and ride again.' That was exactly what I needed in that moment," Lee said. "I needed to know there were people out there who believed in it and who could really benefit from it."
After he described the technical capabilities of the Horizon and what it could mean for people around the world — from quadriplegics like Wenner to people with ALS like Cowan to returning veterans — Lee came to a conclusion. As he stood next to a second prototype of the Horizon in the shop he said, "This campaign has to be successful."
To donate or to find out more information about the Horizon, visit http://kck.st/1r8qTze.
___
Reach Byrd at caitlin.byrd@blueridgenow.com or 828-694-7881.
We Need To Talk About Casey Affleck's Sexual Assault Allegations
This past weekend Casey Affleck took home the Critic's Choice award for best actor, for his role in the film Manchester by the Sea. It isn't the first big acclaim Affleck has won this award season, and it likely won't be his last; as of right now he's the favorite to win the Academy Award for best actor, and his series of wins so far, as well as his recent Golden Globes nomination, supports that notion.
Most likely he'll win and most likely, when that happens, we will officially forgive and forget that Affleck has been accused of sexual harassment and assault by multiple women.
ADVERTISEMENT
Affleck built his acting career from the ground up, and after about ten years of being mostly recognized for being Ben Affleck's brother, he was finally hitting his stride and making a name for himself. Sure, he was still best known for being Ben's little bro and one of Matt Damon's best buds, but by 2008 he already had an Oscar nomination under his belt and was riding a wave of critical acclaim for his role in Gone Baby Gone. So if you're wondering why you haven't heard much about Affleck since, it's because of his 2010 "artistic endeavor" I'm Still Here, his directorial debut.
The film was a presented as a documentary following Affleck's then brother-in-law Joaquin Phoenix as he announced he was retiring from acting and pursuing a rap career. If you don't remember this film it's because it was a train-wreck, and was completely bashed by critics after it was revealed that the entire thing was a hoax, and not a true documentary. One critic said, “The worst thing about I'm Still Here is the fact that it exists," and the only truly remembered part is the disastrous interview featuring Phoenix on the David Letterman show, where he appeared high and incoherent.
Shortly after I'm Still Here was released the film's producer, Amanda White, and cinematographer, Magdelena Gorka, sued Affleck for sexual harassment.
White, who had nearly a decade-long history of working with Affleck, joined the project in 2008. She was the only woman on the set at the time, and says she was repeatedly harassed by Affleck, as well as the rest of the crew as they were encouraged by the director. White shared a number of cases of inappropriate and aggressive behavior, including one instance in which Affleck ordered a male crew member to show White his penis. On another occasion she described, Affleck attempted to get her to share a hotel room with him. When she refused, Affleck allegedly grabbed her and tried to intimidate her into spending the night with him, and then sent her abusive text messages afterward, calling her "profane names," for refusing him.
White also claims that at one point Phoenix and Affleck locked themselves in her hotel room to have sex with two women. Affleck was married to Phoenix's sister at the time. The two have since divorced.
Gorka, who had left the project before White, described similar experiences, in which Affleck and other members of the crew openly discussed having sex with her. Assuming their comments would be the worst of the harassment, she stayed on with the project. But when the production team decided to stay at Phoenix and Affleck's apartment in New York while filming in December of 2008, the harassment escalated. According to Gorka, she awoke in the middle of the night to find Affleck in the bed next to her, in just a shirt and underwear. "He had his arm around her, was caressing her back, his face was within inches of hers and his breath reeked of alcohol,” Gorka's complaint said. Gorka ordered Affleck out of her room, and said he responded angrily. Besides the terrifying realization that your boss is in your bed, what's even scarier here is that Gorka doesn't even know the full extent of this act of harassment, as she was asleep. She quit the project immediately after.
The complaints go on from there, and besides being berated and abused, Affleck failed to follow through on parts of both women's contracts. Gorka was refused a "Director of Photography" credit in the film, which was part of her employment agreement, while White was denied her producer's fee and was barely paid during her actual work on the film.
Both women sued for over $2 million, and both lawsuits were settled, though it's not public information for how much.
Free Download: A Feminist Guide to the Resistance
Don't give up the fight! Featuring inspiring interviews with resistance leaders; how-tos on community organizing, running for office, and much, more. Plus, get the latest from BUST. Download
And now, eight years later, Affleck is on his way to one of the highest achievements an actor can earn, and his career is sure to skyrocket from there (at the very least his paychecks will).
But lucky for Affleck, basically nobody cares. There was very little press coverage nearly seven years ago when the suits were filed, and there's barely any now despite Affleck's projected success. As review after review comes out on Manchester by the Sea, and Affleck's performance, only a few have even mentioned the lawsuits, and even those present them as an afterthought.
This is especially jarring considering Nate Parker's Oscar prospects were completely destroyed immediately after the press started asking about the rape accusation he was acquitted of in 1999. There are a few notable differences in these cases: First of all, Affleck is white. Second of all, he has a fancy last name. The Huffington Post recently speculated that media outlets aren't asking Affleck about his seedy past because there's a risk of them losing access to Damon and the older Affleck if they ask relevant questions to serious crimes.
This is how abusers like Woody Allen continue to work and live without consequences for their actions. If you take a white male with a history of abuse and present him as complicated and artistic, the world can be pretty forgiving.
Let's not forget that the next time we see Affleck smiling on the red carpet or telling a cute story about his childhood in an interview on his road to the Oscars.
Published December 13, 2016
Photo: Manchester by the Sea
More From BUST
Bernardo Bertolucci Admits ‘Last Tango In Paris' Rape Scene Was Nonconsensual, And Now People Finally Believe Maria Schneider
Evan Rachel Wood Opens Up About Sexual Assault And Tells Twitter That She Will Not Accept This As ‘Normal'
James Deen Racks Up 20 Adult-Film Award Nominations Despite Sexual Assault Allegations And We're Outraged
45 Shares Email
Orange County supervisors on Tuesday approved a proposed settlement related to a controversial case in which the District Attorney's office was found to have unlawfully restricted the rights of people it accused of being gang members without giving them a chance to show they weren't in a gang.
The vote on the proposed settlement was 4-1, with supervisors' Chairman Todd Spitzer opposed.
County spokeswoman Jean Pasco said she couldn't reveal the contents of the proposed settlement, citing a direction from the county counsel's office due to confidentiality.
However, the proposal is likely related to how the county and the city of Orange will split $3.35 million in legal costs they were ordered to pay. Because they lost the case, both agencies are responsible for the legal fees of the American Civil Liberties Union of Southern California.
In a Jan. 21 court filing, the county and city say they “seek to conclude this matter without incurring further litigation expense,” which requires closed sessions before the county Board of Supervisors and Orange City Council.
“To that end, this matter is set for consideration by the Board of Supervisors on February 3, 2015 and for further consideration by the City Council on February 10, 2015.”
The case, Vasquez v. Rackauckas, centers on a gang injunction against 115 people who the district attorney and Orange police alleged were in the Orange Barrio Cypress gang.
When more than 50 people came to court to assert that they weren't actually gang members, the district attorney “dismissed them rather than try to prove the allegations,” the ACLU alleged.
But despite being dismissed, the DA and police still ultimately enforced an injunction against them, according to the ACLU.
The 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in November 2013 that District Attorney Tony Rackauckas and the city violated the U.S. Constitution by, among other restrictions, banning suspected gang members from being in public after 10 p.m. without giving them a chance to show that they weren't actually in a gang.
“The taxpayers of Orange County now get to pick up a multi-million dollar tab for the litigation that ensued from the district attorney's bad tactical decision,” wrote Circuit Judge Richard Tallman.
It's unclear how the county and the city will split the costs, and which pot of money the funds will come from.
Orange's city attorney has previously said there's generally a level of trust that the district attorney knows the law.
The DA's office, meanwhile, declined to discuss the case on Tuesday. Its chief of staff, Susan Kang Schroeder, has previously said the judgment would be paid out of taxpayer funds.
You can reach Nick Gerda at ngerda@gmail.com, and follow him on Twitter: @nicholasgerda.
In Nigeria, in the years before we finally gained independence in 1960, we had no doubt about where we were going: we were going to inherit freedom; that was all that mattered. The possibilities for us were endless, or so it seemed. Nigeria was enveloped by a certain assurance of an unbridled destiny, by an overwhelming excitement about life's promise, without any knowledge of providence's intended destination.
While the much-vaunted day of independence arrived to much fanfare, it rapidly became a faded memory. The years flew past. By 1966, Nigeria was called a cesspool of corruption and misrule. Public servants helped themselves freely to the nation's wealth. Elections were blatantly rigged. The national census was outrageously stage-managed to give certain ethnic groups more power; judges and magistrates were manipulated by the politicians in power. The politicians themselves were corrupted by foreign business interests.
The political situation deteriorated rapidly and Nigeria was quickly consumed by civil war. The belligerents were an aggrieved people in the southeast of the nation, the Biafrans, who found themselves fleeing pogroms and persecution at the hands of the determined government of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, which had been armed to the teeth by some of the major international powers. My fellow Biafrans spent nearly three years fighting for a cause, fighting for freedom. But all that collapsed and Biafra stood defeated.
It had been a very bitter experience that led to the hostilities in the first place. And the big powers got involved in prolonging it. You see, we, the little people of the world, are constantly expendable. The big powers can play their games, even if millions perish in the process. And perish they did. In the end, more than a million people (and possibly as many as three million), mainly children, died either in the fighting or from starvation because of the Nigerian government's economic blockade.
After the civil war, we saw a “unified” Nigeria saddled with an even more insidious reality. We were plagued by a home-grown enemy: the political ineptitude, mediocrity, indiscipline, ethnic bigotry and corruption of the ruling class. Compounding the situation was the fact that Nigeria was now awash in oil boom petrodollars. The country's young, affable head of state, Gen. Yakubu Gowon, ever so cocksure following his civil war victory, was proclaiming to the entire planet that Nigeria had more money than it knew what to do with. A new era of great decadence and decline was born. It continues to this day.
Photo
What can Nigeria do to live up the promise of its postcolonial dream? First, we will have to find a way to do away with the present system of political godfatherism. This archaic practice allows a relative handful of wealthy men — many of them half-baked, poorly educated thugs — to sponsor their chosen candidates and push them right through to the desired political position, bribing, threatening and, on occasion, murdering any opposition in the process. We will have to make sure that the electoral body overseeing elections is run by widely respected and competent officials, chosen by a nonpartisan group free of governmental influence or interference.
And we have to find a way to open up the political process to every Nigerian. Today, we have a system where only those individuals who can pay an exorbitant application fee and finance a political campaign can vie for the presidency. It would not surprise any close observer to discover that in this inane system, the same unsavory characters who have destroyed the country and looted the treasury are the ones able to run for the presidency.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But we must also remember that restoring democratic systems alone will not, overnight, make the country a success. Let me borrow from the history of the Igbo ethnic group. The Igbo have long been a very democratic people. They express a strong anti-monarchy sentiment with the common name Ezebuilo, which translates to “a king is an enemy.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
There is no doubt that they experienced the highhandedness of kings, so they decided that a king cannot be a trusted friend of the people without checks and balances. And they tried all kinds of arrangements to whittle down the menace of those with the will to power, because such people exist in large numbers in every society. So the Igbo created all kinds of titles which cost very much to acquire. In the end, the aspirant to titles becomes impoverished in the process and ends up with very little. So that individual begins again, and by the time his life is over, he has a lot of prestige, but very little power.
This is not a time to bemoan all the challenges ahead. It is a time to work at developing, nurturing and sustaining democracy. But we also must realize that we need patience and cannot expect instant miracles. Building a nation is not something a people do in one regime, in a few years, even. The Chinese had their chance to emerge as the leading nation in the world in the Middle Ages, but were consumed by interethnic political posturing and wars, and had to wait another 500 years for another chance. America did not arrive at its much admired democracy overnight. When President Abraham Lincoln famously defined democracy as “the government of the people, by the people, for the people” he was drawing upon classical thought and at least 100 years of American rigorous intellectual reflection on the matter.
Sustaining democracy in Nigeria will require more than just free elections. It will also mean ending a system in which corruption is not just tolerated, but widely encouraged and hugely profitable. It is estimated that about $400 billion has been pilfered from Nigeria's treasury since independence. One needs to stop for a moment to wrap one's mind around that incredible figure. It is larger than the annual gross domestic products of Norway and Sweden. This theft of national funds is one of the factors essentially making it impossible for Nigeria to succeed. Nigerians alone are not responsible. We all know that the corrupt cabal of Nigerians has friends abroad who not only help it move the billions abroad but also shield the perpetrators from persecution.
Many analysts see a direct link between crude oil and the corruption in Nigeria, that creating a system to prevent politicians from having access to petrodollars is needed to reduce large-scale corruption. For most people, the solution is straightforward: if you commit a crime, you should be brought to book. But in a country like Nigeria, where there are no easy fixes, one must examine the issue of accountability, which has to be a strong component of the fight against corruption.
Some feel that a strong executive should be the one to hold people accountable. But if the president has all the power and resources of the country in his control, and he is also the one who selects who should be probed or not, clearly we will have an uneven system where those who are favored by the emperor have free rein to loot the treasury.
Nigeria's story has not been, entirely, one long, unrelieved history of despair. At the midcentury mark of the state's existence, Nigerians have begun to ask themselves the hard questions. How does the state of anarchy become reversed? What measures can be taken to prevent corrupt candidates from recycling themselves into positions of leadership? Young Nigerians have often come to me desperately seeking solutions to several conundrums: How do we begin to solve these problems in Nigeria where the structures are present but there is no accountability?
ONE initial step is to change the nation's Official Secrets Act. Incredible as it may seem, it is illegal in Nigeria to publish official government data and statistics — including accounts spent by or accruing to the government. This, simply, is inconsistent with the spirit and practice of democracy. There is now freedom of information bill before the National Assembly that would end this unacceptable state of affairs. It should be passed, free from any modifications that would render it ineffectual, and assented to by President Goodluck Jonathan. This can and should be achieved before the presidential election in April.
In the end, I foresee that the Nigerian solution will come in stages. First we have to nurture and strengthen our democratic institutions — and strive for the freest and fairest elections possible. That will place the true candidates of the people in office. Within the fabric of a democracy, a free press can thrive and a strong justice system can flourish. The checks and balances we have spoken about and the laws needed to curb corruption will then naturally find a footing.
And there has to be the development of a new patriotic consciousness, not one simply based on the well-worn notions of the “Unity of Nigeria” or “Faith in Nigeria” often touted by our corrupt leaders; but one based on an awareness of the responsibility of leaders to the LED and disseminated by civil society, schools and intellectuals. It is from this kind of environment that a leader, humbled by the trust placed upon him by the people, will emerge, willing to use the power given to him for the good of the people.
Goran Dragic agreed to play in the 2014 World Championship, as revealed in a press conference today and reported by the slovenian national television.
Goran said: "This year's NBA season in Phoenix was both physically and mentally very tough, while I was plagued by problems with a damaged ankle. At first I really wanted to take the time just for rehabilitation and family, but only after one month of break, I gained power, and is is easier now to take a final decision. Also, all the inquiries that I have done recently showed that I will be in perfect physical shape just in time for the World Championship. It is a great honour for me to represent the Slovenia in Spain and unite the fans for a common success of the Slovenian team,"
Slovenian national team GM said: "We took a few days of break before the press release, as Goran wanted to first inform his employers the Phoenix Suns and his agent about the decision, but at the same time to undergo further just in case medical examinations on his ankles, which caused so many problems during the last NBA season. Today, when everything is finally resolved, it is clear that he will play in his third World Championship"
Former prime minister Julia Gillard is campaigning to give a million Syrian refugee children hope by funding their schooling in surrounding countries.
Ms Gillard has joined former British prime minister Gordon Brown in a bid to convince the international community to raise $US750 million ($A1.07 billion) for the school places in Lebanon, Jordan and Turkey.
The pair were in a panel discussion at the Frontline media club in London on Monday night ahead of a key United Nations emergency funding conference for Syria to be held in the British capital on February 4.
As chair of the Global Partnership for Education, Ms Gillard said the Syrian crisis had focused the minds of global leaders.
She said Syrian children had been used to going to school in a high-performing system relative to the rest of the Middle East.
"Now all of their lives have been changed and cast into uncertainty, conflict.
"They will have seen horrible things, experienced dreadful things and amongst their many losses is their daily engagement with learning and that sense of hope for the future.
Mr Brown, who is UN Special Envoy for Global Education, said about half of the 12 million displaced people out of Syria were children who were in danger of becoming a "lost generation".
He said investing in schooling for such children would help slow the exodus of refugees to Europe and also help counter the scourges of child marriage, child trafficking and child labour.
"And if you wanted to do something about extremist influences benefiting from this discontent that is bound to arise when young people are on the streets then you would want to do something about education."
Ms Gillard said that beyond Syria there was an ongoing need for more resources to ensure children in poor developing countries across the world went to school and received quality schooling.
"I don't think anybody can rest easy when we know for example in sub-Saharan Africa on current rates of change it will be the best part of 100 years before we see a generation of girls who universally go to school," she told reporters after the panel discussion.
She said many Australians were charitable-minded people who sought to make a difference and she urged them to keep giving.
Update February 16th: Original reports may have been inaccurate about the machete man's nationality, see more here.
…..If it walks like a duck!
I'm assuming that by now most of you with concerns about the large number of Muslim refugees being admitted into the US have seen the news.
It took awhile for the slasher's (the “hater's”) name to be released and I suspect that is because one of his names happens to be Mohamed. And, although mainstream media (like CNN) will probably never use the word “refugee” in a news story, (CNN said he was a “lone wolf”), I'm pleased to see that internet news is using the ‘R' word.
Almost all of the hundreds of thousands of Somalis in the US are refugees admitted to the US through the UN/US State Department Refugee Admissions Program or their children (there are now many generations in the last three plus decades!).
Way back in 2008 we wrote a post where we had researched each year of State Department/ORR records to show readers how many Somalis were resettled each year since the 1980s. See that post here.
It is no surprise that this happened in Columbus, which is hosting the second largest Somali population in America (behind Minneapolis). We have many posts on Columbus, click here for more reading pleasure. And, you can bet that Governor John Kasich has never once questioned why Ohio is being overloaded with Somalis.
Four of nine major resettlement contractors are working to colonize Columbus: Church World Service, Episcopal Migration Ministries, Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society, and World Relief/Evangelicals (scroll down to Ohio, here). For new readers, don't be so shocked that YES, the Somali Muslims are being resettled by supposedly Christian and Jewish organizations.
I did a little numbers research and Yikes! we admitted 43,653 Somalis to the US JUST SINCE OBAMA TOOK OFFICE! So while we are freaking out about Syrians we should be having heart attacks over this vast number of Somalis because you know they can't be any better “vetted” than Syrians!
Here is where the 43,653 were resettled since January 1, 2009 (up to January 1, 2016). Of the 2,476 who went to Ohio, 2,118 went to Columbus in just the last seven years!
Now here is one of many stories about the Ohio Somali refugee machete man.
This one from Conservative Base:
While the President visits mosques, scolds Americans and continues to parrot his own ideas about Islam and extremism, a Muslim Somali refugee launched a bloody attack on the unsuspecting diners at a Columbus, Ohio, restaurant owned by a Christian Arab who immigrated from Israel.
[….]
The Somali man had calmly entered the eatery, the Nazareth Mediterranean Restaurant, pulled out a machete and began to arbitrarily slash patrons. “He came to each table and just started hitting them,” Carol Bass, one of the witnesses, told a reporter from the local CBS TV affiliate. “There was a man (laying) on the [restaurant's floor] bleeding. [T]here was blood on the floor. It was awful. It… was carnage.”
Four people were wounded in the machete attack, one critically, according to the local police officers responding to the attack, which has not yet been classified a terrorist attack. “Police officers are loathe to describe anything as a terrorist attack. That's the unwritten regulation when it involves a suspect from the Middle East. The suspect is a Muslim, he's from a country that's practically run by an Islamic terrorist group — in Somalia it's probably Al-Shabaab — and he attacks a public facility such as a shopping mall or a restaurant and no one wants to call it terrorism. At least until President [Barack] Obama says so,” claims former counter-terrorism unit police officer John Roger Langdon.
Senators Sessions and Cruz want the Obama Administration to stop covering up arrests of Muslims!
In fact, Langdon noted that Sen. Jeff Sessions, R-Ala., and Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, recently sent a letter to Attorney General Loretta Lynch calling on the administration to stop covering up the arrests of Muslim jihadists within the U.S. The senators' letter states that since early 2014 there have been 113 arrests of Muslims implicated in terrorist activity on U.S. soil and the Obama administration refuses to provide an immigration history on any of them.
Sens. Sessions and Cruz also mention in their letter that most of the cases involving radical Muslims have received little or no coverage in the national media as a result of blind support to the President or being ensnared in the political-correctness orthodoxy..
The targeted restaurant's owner, Hany Baransi, who is identified by cops as a Christian Arab from Israel, said he had not taken a day off since Jan. 2 but took off Thursday night because of a migraine headache. He is a proud Israeli citizen who flies the Israeli flag in his restaurant.
More here, and here.
The country's plan for a nationwide intranet separated from the World Wide Web looks to be approaching fruition – what are the implications?
FOR years, Iranian officials have talked about creating a “halal” internet – a religiously acceptable internal network isolated from the World Wide Web. Its purpose, they claim, would be to provide national cybersecurity and promote Islamic moral values.
Collin Anderson – an independent security researcher in Washington DC – has found evidence that elements of this parallel internet now exist.
Until now there has been little sign of such a network, despite the Iranian government's fifth Five-Year Development Plan in 2010 explicitly calling for its creation.
With the help of collaborators inside Iran, unnamed for security reasons, Anderson attempted to connect to computers inside the country. The telecommunications companies in Iran, they discovered, allocate two IP addresses to every machine that connects to the internet: a regular web address and an internal one that is only accessible from within Iran. This internal network had the capacity to handle about 17 million IP addresses. When the team attempted to contact all the possible addresses, they found that more than 10,000 devices are already part of the network. Most appeared to be using the kind of internet services used in private homes. Others were government or commerce sites. The network also contains a good deal of content, such as academic websites and email services.
Advertisement
Finally, the team found evidence that the routers that control internet traffic in and out of Iran are equipped to filter web pages (arxiv.org/abs/1209.6398).
The idea, Anderson thinks, is that the internal network will contain Iran-specific content and own-brand versions of popular services – a generic Facebook, say. The government would then throttle connections to outside networks, he suggests, rendering them unusably slow, forcing everyone onto the national network (see “Hey, censor, leave LOLcats alone“).
Many suspect that it would also be used by the government for social control; unregulated social media and other content likely to encourage dissent would simply not be available on Iran's network.
Unregulated social media and other content likely to encourage dissent would simply not be available
The Iranian government's track record suggests this is likely. Two weeks ago, Iran shut down Google services, including Gmail, in response to an anti-Islam YouTube video that has caused violent protests. But when ordinary citizens couldn't access services they had come to rely on, they protested until the government relented and restored Gmail. To prevent such a backlash in the future, Iran would have to provide an alternative email system that can rival Gmail, says Ethan Zuckerman of Harvard University.
Iran has excellent software engineers, so doing this shouldn't be a big problem. They may have trouble getting the hardware, though. Trade embargoes make it harder for Iran to import electronics, especially devices that can track or spy on people. Embargoes are hard to enforce, however: Chinese firms have sold such equipment to Iran before.
But if the halal internet is indeed about censorship, it's unlikely to work. Iranians could still access the outside internet through the anonymising network Tor and virtual private networks. Presumably, Iran will not try to remove itself from the internet entirely: the government and military will need external access, for one thing. Resourceful citizens might be able to hack into these networks, too.
“It's always a cat-and-mouse game,” says Zuckerman. The idea of an internal network has always failed. “There's no reason to think it will succeed now.”
Canada's religious freedom ambassador is bound for Ukraine and says Russian President Vladimir Putin is orchestrating the persecution of Orthodox Christians, Catholics and Muslim Tatars.
Andrew Bennett's one-week, fact-finding mission begins Monday in Kyiv, where he meets religious leaders and government officials, among others.
He is also expected to announce a package of Canadian government assistance aimed at promoting religious freedom, democratic development and inter-faith tolerance.
Bennett says the measures will be aimed at mitigating the negative effect of Putin, whom he accused of systematically targeting Christian groups in eastern Ukraine, where pro-Russian militias are active, as well as Muslim Tatars in Crimea, which Russia unilaterally annexed in March.
It's a narrative drawn from the 19th century, not the Soviet period. This is a narrative building upon Russian nationalism that is rooted in Orthodoxy
Russian forces have kidnapped priests, detained nuns, firebombed churches and intimidated worshippers, he says.
The Russian forces are targeting the Ukrainian Orthodox Church of the Kyivan Patriarchate, which Bennett sees as part of a plan by Putin to prop up the Moscow Patriarchate of the Russian Orthodox Church.
“It's definitely part of a calculated plan,” Bennett said in an exclusive interview with The Canadian Press. “It's a narrative drawn from the 19th century, not the Soviet period. This is a narrative building upon Russian nationalism that is rooted in Orthodoxy.
“In Putin's Russia, we're seeing again the using of these older constructs within Russian political society and Russian history to advance Russian aims.”
Bennett said he's hearing reports that Russians want all religious communities in Crimea to re-register as religious communities, as they do in Russia. While that would target Muslim Tartars in Crimea, Bennett said it could be used against Catholics, Protestants and Orthodox groups, particularly the Kyivan Patriarchate in eastern Ukraine.
“This has been used in the past as an administrative form of persecution.”
The Moscow Patriarchate views its Kyivan counterpart as a breakaway sect, said Bennett.
“As it has happened through a lot of its history, the Russian Orthodox Church is allowing itself to be co-opted and is being co-opted by the state, the Russians, to advance Russia's interests.”
Bennett's office has a modest annual budget of $4.25 million for projects that support religious freedom. Bennett won't say how much of that budget he plans to earmark to Ukraine, when he announces some specific projects in the coming days.
He said he wants to meet some of the people who will benefit from the Canadian support before making his announcement.
The projects will be aimed at “broadening religious dialogue between the different religious communities in the country, working with youth to make the links around religious freedom, democratic development, the role of religion and religious communities within society.”
There's been a historic lack of dialogue within Ukraine communities, so Canada wants to help address that, he said.
Bennett said he won't travel to Crimea or eastern Ukraine because it is too dangerous.
The Harper government has particularly vocal in its criticism of Putin as being personally responsible for provoking unrest on Ukrainian soil.
Bennett also took Putin to task for positioning himself as a defender of religious freedom.
In the Middle East, Putin sees himself and Russia as defenders of Orthodox Christians in Syria and Iraq and has spoken out loudly against their persecution, said Bennett.
“We all need to speak out,” he said. “But it's very disingenuous when he does it on one hand in the Middle East and through his proxies they're persecuting their fellow Christians in Ukraine.”
With some 1.2 million Canadians of Ukraine descent living here, Ukraine is a top foreign policy priority for the Harper government.
As he recently welcomed Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko to Ottawa, Prime Minister Stephen Harper said the two peoples are like “family” and that their bond transcends simple foreign policy interests.
By Kim Da-hee
Three "English villages" operated by Seoul City have come under fire for running for-profit programs that were outside their rules.
The villages ― in Pungnap, Suyu and Gwanak ― were found to have made money with lessons for the TOEIC and other English proficiency tests and lending their facilities for non-educational events, according to the audit bureau of Seoul Metropolitan Government.
These activities violate the city government's rules. The villages were established to give visitors an opportunity to experience foreign culture without traveling to English-speaking countries. They have now been banned from making money with lessons for English tests and other non-educational programs.
Insiders said the programs were needed to keep the facilities operating amid falling sales. The villages have suffered a decline in visitors in recent years, caused by the debut of more effective English education programs.
The audit bureau said the English village in Suyu, northern Seoul, earned 140 million won ($123,424) through holiday programs for TOEIC, a certified English test, four times from 2013 to 2015.
The village in Pungnap-dong, eastern Seoul, had a contract with a university in December 2014 and offered a program for business English and TOEIC to the university's students. The village made about 80 million won ($70,528) from the program.
The Gwanak Camp in Naksungdae, southern Seoul, earned around 20 million won ($17,632) by twice providing additional programs.
Why is there always a queue for the ladies? Why is it so hard to find a nursery near the office? Because our urban spaces have always been designed by men for men. Viv Groskop talks to the women trying to revolutionise town-planning
Have you ever queued for a toilet? Tried changing a baby's nappy on a park bench? Slid off the alleged "seat" at the bus stop (or failed to perch on it in the first place)? If so you are a victim of anti-women urban design. Research presented last month at the Royal Geography Society's annual conference found that our cities are still being designed for the benefit of men. The report, by Dr Gemma Burgess of Cambridge University, concluded that the vast majority of town planners are ignoring the gender equality planning regulations that were brought in last year. This is significant, because if public spaces were designed with women in mind, they would look entirely different, with much more lighting, better-situated car parks and more areas where residential and office spaces are mixed, making it far easier to juggle work and childcare.
The report noted progress in some specific areas. In Lewisham, in south-east London, for example, says Burgess, "They asked themselves, 'Where have we decided to build new office blocks?' They realised that where they were located was no good for anyone wanting to combine work and home, so now they are thinking: 'Where can we get mixed development to make it easier for those people?'" Another local authority, in South Yorkshire, organised a series of walkabout tours with architects and local women, whose views were written into planning briefs.
There is something of a buzz around this subject. In July the Women's Design Service (WDS) launched Gendersite, the world's largest database on gender and the built environment, and on October 2 an all-day Gendersite event at Queen Mary University will feature an exhibition of work by women architects. The speaker will be Ruth Reed, who was elected the first woman president of the Royal Institute of British Architects in July; the current president of the Royal Town Planning Institute is also a woman, Janet O'Neill.
The WDS publishes such mind-boggingly fascinating titles as At Women's Convenience: A Handbook on the Design of Public Women's Toilets, and celebrated its 20th anniversary last year, having been founded by a group of women architects, designers and planners in 1987. "Most of the things in our built environment are designed on a male model," says Wendy Davis, director of the WDS, before noting, "There are differences between men and women in terms of ergonomics. Women are generally smaller, they have less reach, they are less strong." But designs that are hostile - or useless - to women still make it through. As an example, Davis cites the recent removal of seats from train stations because of fears of vandalism. "They have been replaced with sloping shelves at the height of a 6ft 6in man's bottom. By and large things are designed to accommodate men's bodies. They don't take account of all the issues around the fact that we're the ones who menstruate, get pregnant, need to breastfeed."
Which brings us neatly to the subject of toilets. Almost all public spaces still accord the same number of square metres to male and female toilets, and because women can't use urinals, they end up with half as many toilets in the allocated space. So why not double the allocation? "If you want to know the true position of women in society look at the queue for the ladies' loo," says Clara Greed, professor of inclusive urban planning at the University of the West of England.
The urban planning concepts that affect women most are predictable: creches, housing design, parks, pavements, safety and transport. Burgess points out that 75% of bus journeys are taken by women and only 30% of women have access to a car during the day, but urban schemes are designed around car drivers and commuters. Many of the problems of urban planning simply reflect women's domestic inequality: the fact that women still do the bulk of childcare, looking after the elderly, shopping and cleaning. "Women are less likely to have a simple journey to work like men," says Greed, "They break up their journey, stop off at the childminder, school and then work and maybe the shops and school on the way back. Public transport favours the male commute in and out of the city centre."
It is disturbing, when you start to think about it, that women simply accept the physical and geographical limitations placed on them in everyday life. "You are used to it being uncomfortable," says Eeva Berglund, a social anthropologist and author of Doing Things Differently, a history of the Women's Design Service. "One of the major issues is the way that women restrict their lives. You choose where you go and where you don't go and you come to find that acceptable."
This chills me slightly as I remember the times I have excluded myself from shops, offices, public transport options, arts events and restaurants because I have a buggy with me, because I am carrying a baby who will need breastfeeding or have various children in tow who won't make it up all the steps. When I first had a baby I noticed this and found it annoying. Now, like a Stepford Wife automaton, I accept it. And I never sit on those sloping shelves at bus stops or stations because they are at a weird height.
But how can we change all these things? Above all, it is about architects, whether male or female, being open to these issues. More women in the industry would help too, because at least some of them would design in their own image. "Designers see themselves at the end of their pencil - or their mouse," says Davis. "Until about 15 years ago most architects and planners were men. They saw themselves moving through this environment. Because they were men and they were car drivers, they were interested in keeping commuters moving. It's the same issue as with disability. They didn't understand how a 15mm lip on a kerb could upset a buggy or a wheelchair. Not that they were being sexist - it just didn't occur to them."
Burgess argues that, despite the failings revealed in her report, there has been some significant progress. "There are massive new developments planned for the next decade and there is a lot of potential for getting things right," she says. Others are more sceptical. "Most of the planners and urban decision-makers are still men," says Greed, "Do they care? Is anything happening? Not a lot. Gender has a low priority, but what is good for women is good for everyone. It will create better cities for all."
This spring, two tragedies hit Ilmi Umerov in one week. First his father died suddenly after a short illness. Then his homeland of Crimea was wrenched from Ukraine and absorbed by Russia.
Mr Umerov is one of 240,000 indigenous Crimean Tatars who live on the Crimean peninsula, which dangles from Ukraine into the Black Sea but which was annexed by the Kremlin in March. His father, Rustem, survived Joseph Stalin's brutal deportation of the Tartars to Central Asia in 1944 and a ten-year stint in the gulag to return home from exile to his native Crimea as the Soviet Union collapsed.
Now, six months on from the annexation, the Muslim Tatars are facing a new wave of cruelty as Vladimir Putin, Russia's president, brings his own brand of authoritarian rule to this newly-minted Russian republic.
Anxiety among the Tatars contrasts sharply with the happiness expressed by Crimea's dominant Russophone population, still riding the euphoria of joining Russia, despite a tricky transition.
Mr Umerov, 57, lives in Bakhchysaray, not far from the 16th century Khan's Palace of his ancestors, whose graceful towers puncture the sky over the town.
In the weeks before he died, Mr Umerov's father peered out of the window and saw the “little green men” - the Russian soldiers who took over Crimea by stealth and later oversaw the flawed referendum that found 97 per cent of voters in favour of the region leaving Ukraine for its neighbour. “My father and the other old people warned us to beware of a new deportation,” said Mr Umerov in an interview. “He thought it was the beginning of the Third World War.”
The Tatars, historically fearful of Moscow after their persecution by the Russian-dominated Soviets, boycotted the referendum and spoke out against the Kremlin's seizure of Crimea.
Since then, Mr Putin's authorities have responded in character, restricting Tatar gatherings, calling critical journalists from the community's lively media to meetings with the FSB (Federal Security Service), and launching raids on Tatar businesses.
Sevket Qaybulla, a member of the Mejlis, standing in front of a Crimean Tartar flag. He says: "Anyone who disagrees with the Kremlin must be crushed. If you want to criticise, you have to whisper at home." (Tom Parfitt / The Telegraph)
On October 6 there were fears the campaign was turning violent after the body of a young Tatar man abducted last month was found dumped at an abandoned holiday camp in the coastal city of Yevpatoriya. Another 17 Tatars are said to have gone missing since the Russian takeover.
In April and July, Russian prosecutors dealt the heaviest blows; slapping five-year bans on the Tatars' two most important leaders, Mustafa Dzhemilev and Refat Chubarov, preventing them from re-entering Crimea after they visited Ukraine - a banishment with painful echoes of the 1944 exile, in which tens of thousands perished or lost contact with their relatives.
Then, in May, Crimean authorities announced a temporary ban on demonstrations and fenced off central Simferopol in an attempt to prevent the Tatars marking the anniversary of the deportation. The community defied the ban and met on the edge of the city.
In September, the campaign peaked with a raid on the Mejlis, the Tatars' self-governing council in the Crimean capital, Simferopol. Men in masks with automatic weapons guarded the building as it was searched, officially in connection with protests at the border when Mr Dzhemilev was refused entry. Russia's foreign ministry said extremist literature, computer hard discs and a firearm had been confiscated, and the council was ejected from the building. Mr Dzhemilev called it a “robbery”.
The raid came two days after the Mejlis had urged Crimeans not to vote in September 14 local elections that were dominated by the slavishly pro-Kremlin United Russia party.
Mr Umerov, a former deputy speaker of Crimea's parliament who resigned as head of the Bakhchysaray regional administration after Russian grabbed the peninsula, is convinced such measures are designed to bend the Tatars to Moscow's will.
“First they prevent us from freely marking our genocide, our Holocaust,” he told the Telegraph. “Second, they exlude our leaders. Third, they attack us with these gun-toting search teams and shut down the Mejlis. This is nothing less than a campaign of terror.”
Sergei Aksenov, the de facto acting head of Crimea, appeared to admit the measures were designed to stifle free speech when asked about the Tatars' plight in a recent magazine interview.
“All activities aimed at non-recognition of Crimea's joining to Russia and non-recognition of the leadership of the country will face prosecution under the law and we will take a very tough stance on this,” he said.
Mr Aksenov added that the Mejlis – which has 33 elected members and was established in 1991 – had “little authority” and “does not exist, legally speaking”.
“The Russian authorities want to instill fear in us Tatars and force us to stop supporting Kiev,” said Sevket Qaybulla, a member of the Mejlis and editor of Avdet, a Tartar newspaper that has received two official warnings for allegedly “extremist material” in articles that explained the elections boycott.
“It's not that life was ideal under the Ukrainians but we had a degree of freedom,” he added. “Now we see a new Russian reality: anyone who disagrees with the Kremlin must be crushed. If you want to criticise, you have to whisper at home."
Other signs of Moscow's takeover in Crimea are more suble but perhaps just as telling. Harmonising with bureaucratic Russian rules and practices can test the patience.
“My sister works in a firm that got bought up by the Russian state insurance company and now they spend most of their day sewing documents together with a needle and thread,” said one resident of Simferopol who asked not to be named. “It's total ‘sovok',” he added, using the word for dated Soviet-style behaviour.
Switching to Kremlin rule brings bigger headaches that are beginning to throb. Ukraine provides most of Crimea's water and electricity, and there are already power cuts in Simferopol in order to conserve supply.
Moscow has said it could spend up to $7bn (£4.4bn) this year alone to integrate Crimea's economy and shore up its good standing after the takeover. A 12-mile long bridge linking the Russian mainland with Crimea across the Kerch Strait should be completed by 2018.
“Russia is providing a big boost in funding compared to the tiny amounts we received from Ukraine, which always preferred to ignore or humiliate us,” said Igor Shapovalov, who heads a new government agency tasked with developing Sevastopol, the military port at the tip of the Crimean peninsula.
If the Tatars are the vanguard of dissent, then Sevastopol is a pole of pro-Russian fervour.
Russia first took Crimea in 1783, wresting it from the Crimean Khanate. The territory passed to the Bolsheviks in the early 20th century but in 1954 it was transferred from Russian to Ukrainian jurisdiction inside the USSR, and it stayed with Ukraine after the Soviet breakup, in what Russian nationalists have long viewed as a deep injustice.
The peninsula's population of 2.3 million is around 60 per cent ethnic Russian, 24 per cent Ukrainian and 11 per cent Tatar, but in Sevastopol Mr Shapovalov says the Russian population is in the high 90s.
The city is home to Russia's Black Sea Fleet and a cradle of Russian heroism. Once it was known for its “two sieges” but locals now say a third has been added.
“In the first we defended the empire against your British and Turkish forces [during the Crimean War] in the 1850s,” explained Lyudmila Ponomareva, 70, a retired officer's wife who was walking the city's Lenin Street. “In the second we defended the Soviet Union against the Nazis in 1942. And in the third, this year, our men defended the city against the fascist plague from Kiev.”
Nearby, groups of schoolchildren flocked to an exhibition supported by Russia's ministry of culture about the national anthem.
In an upstairs room, phalanxes of Russian soldiers, a space rocket being prepared for launch and a waving Mr Putin played across a screen. At the end of the video, the students gathered excitedly in front of a camera that projected them on to a background of Red Square as they sang the anthem.
Downstairs, Olga Tkacheno, 77, an attendant who survived the second siege as a child, said: “I thank God every day that Putin is now our president. The children come here and sing the anthem and they cheer when they see Vladimir Vladimirovich on the screen. The elderly visitors sometimes cry. Putin raised Russia up and now our Crimea will flourish.”
Yet even here there were signs of dissent. In the exhibiton guestbook, one visitor had drawn a Ukrainian trident and written “Glory to Ukraine!” Another scrawled over the top, “Shame on the fascists! Glory to Russia!'
Thirty miles to the north of Sevastopol, Mr Umerov sat in a restaurant opposite the Khan's Palace. The night before he had used his political clout to invite two FSB officers to the same place, to express his disgust afer a court suddenly evicted the local Bakhchysaray Tatar council from its building.
“They don't hide the fact they are pressing on us,” he said. “But if no-one resists Russian power the world will think that all Crimea supported this illegal annexation.”
Steemit to Hold First-Ever Public Event in Amsterdam
On November 11-13, the popular blockchain-based social media platform Steemit will hold its first public event in Amsterdam. The conference is expected to host over 200 participants and is organized by Roeland Landegent, a Steem developer and entrepreneur.
Also read: Apple iMessage to Feature Circle's Bitcoin Wallet in New Update
SteemFest to Bring ‘Steemians' Together in Amsterdam
The Steemit platform, which rewards users for posting content, has gained a lot of attention over the past few months. Steemit users and its creators believe the application's growth is a revolutionary factor, changing social media as a whole. Roeland Landegent wants to leverage the rising popularity with a three-day event in Amsterdam, Netherlands.
Landegent believes the event will succeed because “Steemians” are a diverse crowd with similar goals. The Steemit developer explains that, since the platform started, “blogging has become the new mining.” Landegent also details the purpose of the event during the announcement, stating:
“The purpose of SteemFest is to leverage the incredible vibe of Steemit and create an environment in which a group of diverse thinkers, technophiles, libertarians, crypto enthusiasts and creative people can congregate. We will be able to nurture new relationships, learn from each other and discuss the endless possibilities of the Steemit blockchain for blogging, apps, business, and development.”
Steemit Has Gained Quite a Bit of Attention
A lot of the attention surrounding Steemit focuses on the significant amount of money people have received for blogging. For instance, Landegent's post about the conference got over 600 upvotes, earning $11,000 USD. Additionally, many well-known libertarians and cryptocurrency industry innovators have joined the platform. This includes Jeff Berwick, Charlie Shrem and Lyn Ulbricht.
Steemit also has a first-mover advantage, and proponents like Landegent say the sky's the limit when it comes to Steemit's future. Landegent explains, “the potential of the Steem blockchain is truly limitless; this is what we want to celebrate while also thinking of ways to enhance further mainstream adoption and modernize the way people can gain more for their community contributions.”
The Blockchain-Based Social Media Founders Will Be Attending
SteemFest will award all attendees 1,000 Steem Power just for coming. Steem Power — a cryptocurrency — adds weight to the voting protocol. The more Steem Power a user has, the more significant their votes become. Additionally, the Steemit founders Ned Scott and developer Dan Larimer will attend the three-day festival. CEO of Steemit Ned Scott explains that he's thrilled to see events like these surround the Steem community, stating:
It's amazing to see so many people from around the world using Steemit and organizing events on their own initiative – that's the power of decentralization. It is critical that we incentivize those doing their part in growing what we believe is the future of online social economies. My co-founder Dan Larimer and I will be proud to attend, and we look forward to meeting some of our European community in November at SteemFest Amsterdam.
Competition Entering the Market
Steemit supporters believe the platform is the next step for social media. However, it will soon have competition with the Yours network and the Synereo community. So far, the blockchain-based blogging application has done well for itself. But some have also questioned if it can be sustainable, or if it's just a fad.
Steemit has proven the public's love for the attention economy, and there's no doubt social media is moving in the direction of decentralization and rewarding great content. Whether or not Steemit will continue to lead that trend remains to be seen.
What do events will you be attending this year? Let us know in the comments below.
Source: Press Release
Images courtesy of SteemFest.
Did you know Bitcoin.com is throwing a blockchain conference in London this year? Our premiere event, Blockchain: Money, features the biggest innovators and executives in the industry. The event will take place in the beautiful surroundings of 155 Bishopsgate, London on November 6-7, 2016. Reserve your tickets today!
Breitbart senior editor-in-chief Joel Pollak appeared on CNN tonight to defend former site chief Steve Bannon from accusations of white nationalism and anti-Semitism.
Pollak wrote a piece for Breitbart today saying that “it defies logic” to say Bannon is anti-Semitic. “Steve is outraged by antisemitism,” he said. “If anything, he is overly sensitive about it, and often takes offense on Jews' behalf.”
Critics have pointed to Bannon's defense of the alt-right (as well as saying he considers Breitbart a platform for the alt-right) and headlines like “Bill Kristol: Republican Spoiler, Renegade Jew” as evidence, but Pollak said he knows Bannon and that he “does not have a bone of prejudice in his body.”
Don Lemon confronted him about the kind of things that Breitbart “traffics” in, joined by Evan McMullin and former Breitbart spokesman Kurt Bardella.
Pollak challenged Lemon to name one white nationalist piece that has appeared on Breitbart and even called him out for not doing more reading before the segment.
Lemon made his distaste for Breitbart known as he kept clashing with Pollak over Bannon. Pollak kept pressing for specific examples and also wanted McMullin to “apologize” for lying about and smearing Bannon.
At one point Pollak suggested that calling Bannon a white nationalist would be like if he took Van Jones‘ “whitelash” remark and raised questions about whether CNN is a “black nationalist” network.
Lemon pointed to a piece on Breitbart that defended the Confederate flag. Pollak said the piece was just defending it as a “historical symbol.”
Watch both segments above, via CNN.
[image via screengrab]
— —
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter: @feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Lost All Hope has a library of information on methods to commit suicide, including dangers of individual methods and their reliability, and statistical information on which methods are most successful.
In researching this site I was struck by how much has been written on suicide methods. Numerous bulletin boards with long discussions over different methods (often by people who had tried various methods of poisoning and failed), books and websites. I found it strange that there was so much discussion, in the face of very easy to obtain statistics on the most sure-fire ways of committing suicide (see Most lethal methods of suicide and Suicide statistics).
The holy grail seems to be painless methods of suicide, and people will go to great lengths to find a method that might achieve that. The perversity being that huge numbers of these attempts end up unsuccessful, as the clean, relatively painless methods are often not done in such a way so as to make them lethal. And many of these people end up in hospital requiring treatment for their failed attempt.
The figures presented in the section Suicide statistics would indicate that for every successful suicide attempt, there are 33 unsuccessful ones. For drug overdoses, the ratio is around 40 to 1. In fact, if attempting suicide, there is a much greater chance you'll end up in hospital alive, with either short or long term heath implications, than dead.
So if you are reading this more worried about finding a pain free method than an effective method, you'd be well advised to read carefully the information on the dangers of the suicide methods mentioned on this site, then perhaps look at Help me, because you are much more likely to hurt yourself by attempting suicide than to succeed killing yourself.
For anyone committed to killing themselves, achieving the goal can be straightforward if a reliable method is chosen. The major problems are often not with the logistics, but rather the internal self analysis, and thoughts of how others will react (our behaviour is affected by how we think others will react). For many people contemplating suicide, they have a real desire to end their lives, but it is the fear of what their death might feel like that keeps them from doing it.
To read more about individual methods of suicide, please select from the left hand menu. Yes, there are methods not mentioned there. In almost every circumstance because they are either not reliable or very difficult to execute. Therefore, those considering unusual methods should be warned - there is a reason why they are not written about much.
Here is part three of the tutorial series. This one explains various aspects of the pony head and muzzle anatomy. There are varations including by gender and age.
If you can not see flash for some reason here is a PDF version: www.dropbox.com/s/ya8yi1jv0gbn…
Onsaud
Dream0rDie
Dream0rDie
Dream0rDie
Onsaud
Please let me know if you have any suggestions for changes/improvements, of if you'd like anything clarified.Big thanks to and also for proof reading and suggesting things that I forgot to mention.Also big thanks to for the awesome anon-pony vector.Pony Face Tutorial by-- cybertoaster.deviantart.com/ar… Pony Head Tutorial: Proportion by-- dream0rdie.deviantart.com/art/… Pony Head Tutorial: Proportion #2 by-- dream0rdie.deviantart.com/art/… Pony Head Tutorial: Stretching Proportions by-- dream0rdie.deviantart.com/art/… Pony Ear Anatomy by-- onsaud.deviantart.com/art/Pony… more pony anatomy, huzzah by-- egophiliac.deviantart.com/art/… Got more to add to this list? Just let me know!--Part 2 - Legs: whatsapokemon.deviantart.com/a…
The House Energy and Commerce Committee is expected this week to approve a resolution (PDF) strongly critical of growing efforts to transfer key aspects of Internet governance to the International Telecommunications Union, an agency of the United Nations.
The resolution was introduced by Rep. Mary Bono Mack (R-Calif.) as part of a hearing last month on the upcoming World Conference on International Telecommunications, which will convene in Dubai late this year to rewrite an international treaty on communications overseen by the ITU.
The WCIT process is secret, but proposals drafted by the 193 ITU member nations and nonvoting affiliate organizations have begun leaking out. CNET was first to reportearlier this month on a proposal by the European Telecommunications Network Operators association that would, if made part of the new treaty, impose a "sending party" tax on content providers, upending longstanding principles of Internet architecture.
That leaked document was posted to the Web site WCITLeaks, which has since published more proposed changes to the treaty.
Since the House hearing, tensions over WCIT have been rising at home and abroad. Over the weekend, WCITLeaks posted a key planning document (PDF) summarizing several radical proposals currently circulating in advance of the conference.
These include efforts, such as ETNO's, to use the treaty to gain competitive and financial leverage over the most successful Internet companies, most of which are based in the U.S., including Apple, Google, and Facebook. Such proposals could effectively impose the same extortionary taxes on incoming content that once characterized international long distance calls. (Many countries still operate under nationalized or seminationalized monopoly ISPs.)
But China and other repressive governments, well aware of the increasingly important role played by the Internet in popular uprisings around the world, are also looking to WCIT as a golden opportunity to turn off the free flow of information at their borders and introduce U.N.-sanctioned surveillance technologies to spy on Internet communications.
Several proposals in the newly leaked document, for example, would authorize governments to inspect incoming Internet traffic for malware or other evidence of "criminal" activity, opening the door to wide scale, authorized censorship.
The Internet Society, the parent organization of engineering groups that develop and maintain core Internet technologies, object to these proposals as requiring countries to "take a very active and inappropriate role in patrolling and enforcing newly defined standards of behavior."
The document also discloses direct attacks on the engineering-driven governance of the Internet. A proposal from Russia and Cote d'Ivoire, for example, would transfer authority to the ITU to allocate and distribute "some part of IPV6 addresses," similar to the agency's historic involvement in the assignment of international area codes.
The Internet Society objected to this proposal as well, noting that it "would be disruptive to the existing, successful mechanisms" for allocating and distributing Internet addresses. The transition to IPV6, which began only a few weeks ago, is widely seen as an example of the speed and efficiency of an Internet run without traditional government interference.
Rep. Bono Mack's resolution highlights these and other threats from the secretive and freewheeling WCIT process, in which member states regardless of their size get the same single vote. It encourages those negotiating on behalf of the United States to articulate "the consistent and unequivocal policy of the United States to promote a global Internet free from government control" and to "preserve and advance the successful multistakeholder model that governs the Internet today."
In prepared remarks today, Rep. Bono Mack noted that
In many ways, we're facing a referendum on the future of the Internet. A vote for my resolution is a vote to keep the Internet free from government control and to prevent Russia, China, and other nations from succeeding in giving the U.N. unprecedented power over Web content and infrastructure. That's the quickest way for the Internet to one day become a wasteland of unfilled hopes, dreams, and opportunities.
Yet some see the U.S. reaction so far as being too tepid. On Monday, former Wall Street Journal publisher L. Gordon Crovitz blasted the Obama administration's "weak responses" to some of the most dangerous WCIT proposals as revealed in the leaked documents.
"It may be hard for the billions of Web users or the optimists of Silicon Valley to believe that an obscure agency of the U.N. can threaten their Internet," Crovitz wrote, "but authoritarian regimes are busy lobbying a majority of the U.N. members to vote their way. The leaked documents disclose a U.S. side that has hardly begun to fight back. That's no way to win this war."
Eli Dourado, one of two researchers at George Mason University who created the WCITLeaks site, went farther, arguing in a blog post that WCIT is not a fight between liberals and conservatives nor a "USA vs. the world" issue.
The escalating battle, Dourado wrote, is really one between Internet users worldwide and their governments: "Who benefits from increased ITU oversight of the Internet? Certainly not ordinary users in foreign countries, who would then be censored and spied upon by their governments with full international approval. The winners would be autocratic regimes, not their subjects."
Which may in part explain why the U.S. has remained both engaged and "polite" in the WCIT process so far. "I hope that the awareness we raise through WCITLeaks," Dourado wrote, "will not only highlight how foolish the U.S. government is for playing the lose-lose game with the ITU, but how hypocritical it is for preaching Net freedom while spying on, censoring, and regulating its own citizens online."
On the Spotlight Team, we work with the most ambitious Unity developers to try to push the boundary of what a Unity game can be. We see all sorts of innovative and brilliant solutions for complex graphics, performance, and design problems. We also see the same set of issues and solutions coming up again and again.
This blog series is going to look at some of the most frequent problems we encounter while working with our clients. These are lessons hard won by the teams we have worked with, and we are proud to be able to share their wisdom with all our users.
Many of these problems only become obvious once you are working on a console or a phone, or are dealing with huge amounts of game content. If you take these lessons into consideration earlier in the development cycle, you can make your life easier and your game much more ambitious.
Big Problems
Occasionally, we can track down a physics performance problem to a single problem asset or setup. The best way to notice This is to regularly run the Profiler and compare to a previous run. If you catch a performance regression early, it is pretty easy to go through the recent changes and spot the problem.
While a simple physics joint can be quite fast, the underlying math is very complex. In essence, a joint is setting up a system of equations for your Rigidbody's position, velocity, acceleration, rotation, etc. If you set up something with lots of different Rigidbodies with lots of different joints –all of them colliding, all of them needing to meet the requirements of their joints and not penetrate collision — it can get extremely expensive very quickly.
When setting up complicated joint schemes, think critically about how many joints you need, what sort of collision you require, and how many Rigidbodies are necessary. You can use Layers to mask out unnecessary collisions, and joints have an Allow Collision checkbox that should be used very sparingly. You can reduce the amount of collision you need to detect by constraining the range of motion of your joints. Tune the joints such that collision is unlikely or impossible and you no longer need to detect it. You can reduce the number of joints and Rigidbodies by using them as control points into an interpolation method.
The Profiler screen will show you how many Rigidbodies are active at any given time. Keep a close eye on this number. Rigidbody count, especially if they are near each other, can have a big impact on performance. It is very easy to inflate this number more than you expect when placing objects or spawning things at runtime. While a single can of soda that moves around is no problem, trying to make a supermarket display pyramid with that same Prefab is going to cause issues.
Be aware of any MeshColliders you add to the game. It is very easy to simply use the visual mesh for collision, but that can cause significant performance degradation, and not always in obvious ways. PhysX does a very good job of only testing against what it absolutely has to. So if you add high-poly collision to an object that is small, or out of the way, it might work just fine. However, when you scale up that same MeshCollider and place it somewhere that RayCasts are common, you can see your performance suddenly plummet. As a general rule, make custom, low-poly collision meshes for any object that is going to be in the default layer, or can collide against most things. If you find a specific mesh to be a problem and do not want to or cannot take the time to make a custom mesh, you can make that MeshCollider convex and tune the SkinWidth to get an automatically generated lower poly collision mesh.
Little Problems
Our users are very clever and generally avoid the big, obviously slow things. It is much more common to see a project that made a series of rational decisions, each of which slowed down the PhysX update a small amount. When you are working on a game at scale, it is very easy to have this happen. Your AI test level runs fine with 5 AIs in an empty box. When you put those same AI in your real level, suddenly your framerate tanks, Physics.Update spikes, and you don't really know why. Which of the hundreds or thousands of GameObjects with collision are the culprit?
Are you doing more tests than you need? Layers can be used to control which GameObjects collide with each other using the grid of checkboxes in ProjectSettings->Physics. This gets evaluated before any expensive tests against your specific collision geometry. Use this to aggressively cull any collisions that do not need to happen. Many games will use large Colliders with ‘Is Trigger' set to true to detect characters or other specific game objects, commonly referred to as trigger volumes. Very often these trigger volumes are set to collide with the Default layer or everything. By having characters in specific Layers, and these trigger volumes in a Layer that only collides with your character layers, you can avoid testing large volume colliders against your complex world mesh collision or terrain collision.
Are triggers slowing everything down? A trigger volume, a Collider with ‘Is Trigger' set to true, is still collision geometry that has to be tested against at the end of the day. If you are moving a trigger volume is just as expensive as moving any other collision geometry, and can cause a lot of work sending collision and overlap events. If you are going to have trigger collision moving every frame, make sure you are colliding against only the objects you need to. Try to keep the trigger as small as possible, and group up similar or overlapping triggers.
A common pattern I see is to have NPCs use multiple large trigger volumes to detect interactive targets. Each kind of game object that the NPC is looking for will have its own Collider with a bunch of code in the OnCollision callback to make sure it has found the sort of thing of it is looking for. It is generally faster to merge multiple trigger volumes into a single trigger, and then filter based on Tag or Layer or distance inside the OnCollision callback. In many cases, you can get even better performance by bypassing collision entirely. Rather than check a sphere every frame against your collision world, register any objects you want to find with a shared manager, then have the NPC's do a simple distance check against all registered objects. If you have a small list of potential targets, this will be far more efficient than testing against all the collision in the world.
Perhaps the Hierarchy is causing PhysX to do far more work than is needed? On Recore, we found several places where rotating rings of platforms were constructed with each square of the ring having its own Rigidbody. This causes each segment to test for collision against all the other segments. By grouping all of the platforms under a shared parent with a Rigidbody and rotating that parent instead, we were able to save significant frame time inside of the Physics.Update. Be aware, combining Colliders under a shared Rigidbody does increase the cost of doing any Raycast or shape cast tests against it.
Coming from the other direction, if you already have several colliders underneath a shared Rigidbody parent, you need to be very careful not to move them relative to the parent. Any time a Rigidbody changes shape, the center of mass and Inertial Tensor must be recalculated. This takes significant frame time. This most often comes up when a Rigidbody gets attached to the limbs of an animating character. You can turn this off by setting your own center of mass. As long as the GameObject's shape doesn't change too much, this shouldn't be noticeable.
These small, systemic issues add up quickly, so keep them in mind as you develop and plan ahead to avoid them. If you suddenly see a big spike in Physics time, look to the common causes of large performance problems and see if any of those apply.
Thanks to Mimimi Productions and Armature Studio for letting us use their games as examples. Our next post will cover very first steps: how to set up a new project to make everyone's life easier.
Jan. 1, 1943: A secret national laboratory is set up in Los Alamos to design a nuclear bomb …
The state and the community of Los Alamos might have to prepare for more slender coffers as federal officials weigh the lab's management contract.
Members of New Mexico's congressional delegation confirmed that the private consortium that operates LANL will not have its contract renewed after it expires.
The decision follows a series of federal investigations and performance evaluations involving the safety record of Los Alamos National Laboratory in the wake of a February 2014 radiation leak near Carlsbad.
The audit is the latest federal report to point to systemic problems at the lab.
Major incidents marking Los Alamos National Laboratory's management history
Jan. 1, 1943: A secret national laboratory is set up in Los Alamos to design a nuclear bomb during World War II. The University of California is named the official lab manager and is paid $5 million for a one-year contract. The U.S. Department of Energy oversees the lab's operations. J. Robert Oppenheimer is the lab's director.
1945: An atomic bomb is tested at the Trinity Site in Southern New Mexico on July 16, ushering in the nuclear age.
Norris Bradbury replaces Oppenheimer as director.
1970: Harold Agnew becomes lab director.
1979: Donald M. Kerr becomes lab director.
October 1982: Human error and erroneous labeling caused 14 lab employees to be exposed to high levels of plutonium, one of them internally. A federal report recommends “improved training” and procedures.
1986: Plutonium expert Siegfried “Sig” Hecker is named lab director.
1988: A new federal law gives the Department of Energy more leverage over lab contractors. The University of California at Los Alamos National Laboratory is exempted from the law.
1989: Len Trimmer, a senior-level lab technician, tells lab management about rusting, leaking nuclear waste drums and other problems at Area G, where LANL stores nuclear waste. Trimmer says he's harassed by lab management, goes on medical leave and files a whistleblower lawsuit against the lab four years later. The lab denies harassment.
1991: The Department of Energy's Complex-wide Tiger Team audits LANL and finds the lab is failing to properly monitor radioactive emissions into the air. “Management accountability and oversight are lacking,” the team finds. Another federal report finds the lab hasn't tallied up all the hazardous materials on site and that the “Energy Department has neither the information nor the qualified staff to clean up nuclear weapons complex facilities.”
The New Mexican culminates a three-month investigation with a six-day series called “Fouling the Nest” that looks at contamination from more than 1,800 hazardous waste dump sites around Los Alamos from lab activities. Cost to clean up: an estimated $2 billion.
The newspaper's publisher, Robert McKinney, defends the lab, fires a reporter and the managing editor, and allows LANL to publish a special supplement defending itself.
The Cold War ends, leading to the beginning of major mission changes for the lab.
1992: Concerned Citizens for Nuclear Safety sues the lab over federal air quality violations and eventually wins.
April 1994: Safety violations close the lab's plutonium facility at Technical Area 55.
1995: More than 256 lab employees are laid off, nearly half of them Hispanic. Lab workers decry the layoffs, saying it violates University of California personnel policies and is racist. Employees form a new group, Citizens of LANL for Employee Rights. Chris Mechels is one of them. State lawmakers call for an investigation.
January 1996: Workman Efren Martinez is electrocuted while performing excavation work at a technical area. Martinez, left in a coma for several years, dies from his injuries in 2009. His family later settles a lawsuit with the Department of Energy for $13 million, and the department cites the lab for substandard electrical safety measures.
A later explosion occurs at LANL's Chemical and Metallurgy Research facility, with no injuries reported.
1997: Congress appropriates $25 million to set up the LANL Foundation. The University of California and LANL give $3 million a year to the foundation, which provides grants to Northern New Mexico communities. Physicist John C. Browne replaces Hecker as lab director.
1998: The Department of Energy cites the University of California for ongoing safety problems and “numerous deficiencies.” The lab settles a lawsuit filed by 102 laid-off employees.
March 1999: A veteran 20-year Los Alamos scientist, Wen Ho Lee, is fired and then arrested months later on 59 charges that he illegally copied classified nuclear weapons files. He is suspected of sharing the documents with China but is never charged with espionage. Lee's supporters say he was unfairly singled out because he is ethnic Chinese. The government later drops all but one charge against him.
More than two dozen other security violations are reported by the lab after Lee is fired. The lab stops publicly reporting computer security violations.
March 2000: The National Nuclear Security Administration, a branch of the Department of Energy, is opened to oversee maintenance of nuclear weapons stockpile and nuclear nonproliferation programs.
May 2000: The Cerro Grande Fire burns close to lab property, prompting state officials to push the lab to get thousands of containers of legacy hazardous waste off the Hill.
June 2000: Six top lab managers are placed on paid leave after two computer hard drives with classified nuclear information are reported missing. One of those placed on leave is Stephen Younger, who investigated Wen Ho Lee. The hard drives are later found stashed behind a copy machine. Lab managers are chastised by Congress for taking three weeks to tell the Department of Energy about the missing discs. Bill Richardson is secretary of the department.
Jan. 1, 2001: The LANL management contract is revised in response to the computer security problems. Richardson, on his last day as energy secretary under President Bill Clinton's outgoing administration, says the University of California should retain the contract until 2005. One critic calls it “rearranging the deck chairs on the Titanic.”
The revised contract gives the Department of Energy the authority to remove any lab employee from work funded by the agency. President George W. Bush appoints Spencer Abraham as his energy secretary.
Richardson becomes governor of New Mexico.
August 2002: LANL hires Kellogg, Brown and Root, a subsidiary of Vice President Dick Cheney's former company Halliburton, under a $145 million, five-year lab maintenance contract to handle waste removal, facility repairs, utility operations and custodial services.
November 2002: The Department of Energy's Office of Inspector General investigates allegations by a whistleblower that lab management turned a blind eye to $3 million in lab equipment that went missing from 1999 to 2001. The inspector general also investigates allegations of purchase-card fraud.
March 2003: U.S. Sen. Pete Domenici and Gov. Richardson continue to publicly support the University of California as the lab's manager. Richardson says the university has taken “unprecedented, dramatic action” to “change the culture of the lab.” He urges against severing the lab's ties to the university. Former lab director Hecker tells a congressional committee that the lab's “system of governance is broken,” largely because there is no trust between the University of California and the feds.
Browne resigns and Pete Nanos is hired as interim director. He tells reporters he intends to “drain the swamp.”
April 2003: Nanos removes more than a dozen lab managers from their positions. Energy Secretary Abraham announces the LANL contract will go up for a competitive bid for the first time in the lab's 60-year history. UC's contract ends Sept. 30, 2005. Some 266 scientists ask to retire. A senior Energy Department official acknowledges “university failures, our failures and cultural failures as the three root causes” for problems at the lab.
2004: More than a dozen companies and universities bid on the contract, among them top-contender University of Texas and Lockheed Martin. Gov. Richardson urges the University of California to bid as well. Sens. Pete Dominici and Jeff Bingaman also support UC retaining the contract.
Two computer discs with classified information are reported missing, and two scientists are fired. Director Nanos shuts down the lab for seven months, citing safety and security violations. Investigators find out the two discs never existed and were the result of an accounting error. One scientist is cleared by an arbitrator; the other dies before he is exonerated.
2005: Robert Kuckuck becomes lab director.
June 1, 2006: The LANL contract is awarded to Los Alamos National Security, a consortium that includes the University of California, Bechtel Corp., BWX Technologies and Washington Group International (now AECOM). Michael R. Anastasio is named lab director.
October 2006: Classified materials are found at the home of a contract employee during a drug raid. An employee takes home a computer containing hundreds of pages of classified documents; she is arrested.
2007: The lab produces a plutonium pit for a nuclear bomb core, the first since the 1989 closure of the Rocky Mountain Flats lab in Colorado. A plutonium accident contaminates a high-security nuclear area.
Linton Brooks, head of the National Nuclear Security Administration, is told to resign by Energy Secretary Samuel Bodman, in part over security breaches at LANL.
2008: A federal performance review for 2007 gives LANS excellent marks in weapons program and threat assurance, but it fails the contractor on leadership, management, environment and safety. LANS loses $15 million in performance fees.
2009: A scientist takes home a computer containing classified material, which is later stolen out of his house.
2011: The Las Conchas Fire burns thousands of acres around the lab. Gov. Susana Martinez urges the lab to move up its deadline to get remaining hazardous waste containers down to the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant near Carlsbad.
Workers are exposed to arsenic. The lab is fined. Nuclear physicist Charles F. McMillan replaces Anastasio as lab director.
2012: A worker is exposed to beryllium. The lab is fined. In addition, the Neutron Science Center and nine homes off lab property are contaminated after a worker opens a container of a highly dispersible radioactive powder, according to accident reports.
2013: A waste container at the lab is packaged with a volatile mix of nitrate salts and organic kitty litter and is shipped to WIPP.
Feb. 14, 2014: The container ruptures in the underground WIPP facility, leaking radiation. Several workers are exposed, although levels are not considered a health hazard. WIPP is closed indefinitely.
March-December 2014: Federal investigators issue scathing reports finding multiple problems with how waste is handled at the lab. One report finds workers who tried to alert supervisors to problems with waste containers were ignored.
December 2014: Eight workers are exposed to plutonium while working on a glovebox in the lab's PF-4 facility. Exposure is not serious, according to the lab.
March 2015: A Los Alamos National Laboratory electrical worker is knocked off a ladder after accidentally touching a live wire in a ceiling at a radiological lab building.
May 2015: Nine workers are injured, one severely, by an electrical arc at a lab substation.
December 2015: The Department of Energy tells Congress it is putting the LANL contract back up for bid.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MENTOR, Ohio -- A Mentor High School student was arrested Tuesday over his use of an e-cigarette.
Mentor Police Department reports state it happened at 2:45 p.m.
A male student was confronted by his principal for the use of an e-cigarette in the school building, which is against school policy as well as state law.
The principal requested that the student hand over the device.
The student refused, and the school resource officer then became involved. The student ignored instructions from the resource officer to remain where he was and to relinquish the tobacco product.
Police say the student became verbally abusive and physically defiant as he attempted to push his way past the officer in order to board a school bus. The officer was then forced to physically detain and arrest the student.
The student has been charged with persistent disorderly conduct, resisting arrest and a tobacco violation.
Sony raised the ire of gamers when it took away the ability to sue the company during a seemingly standard PS3 software update, and some gamers decided to opt out of the deal in order to retain their rights to legal action if wronged by the company. Microsoft is the latest console manufacturer to take this approach, as the new Xbox 360 update asks you to agree on neutral arbitration to solve disputes, and states that if you feel wronged, you can't go after the company in a court of law, nor join a class-action lawsuit.
Here is the relevant section of the new terms of service:
YOU UNDERSTAND AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT BY AGREEING TO BINDING ARBITRATION, YOU ARE GIVING UP THE RIGHT TO LITIGATE (OR PARTICIPATE IN AS A PARTY OR CLASS MEMBER) ALL DISPUTES IN COURT BEFORE A JUDGE OR JURY. INSTEAD, YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT ALL DISPUTES WILL BE RESOLVED BEFORE A NEUTRAL ARBITRATOR, WHOSE AWARD (DECISION) WILL BE BINDING AND FINAL, EXCEPT FOR A LIMITED RIGHT OF APPEAL UNDER THE FEDERAL ARBITRATION ACT. ANY COURT WITH JURISDICTION OVER THE PARTIES MAY ENFORCE THE ARBITRATOR'S AWARD.
The fun bit comes after this, where Microsoft says that intellectual property disputes are exempted from the arrangement, so if you do something with Microsoft IP the company disagrees with, you can still be hauled into court and shaken down. Microsoft hasn't exactly had much luck with that approach in the past.
There is also language in the agreement that says you give up the right to participate in any class-action suit, as each dispute will be handled on an individual basis. Take a look:
YOU AND MICROSOFT AGREE THAT ANY PROCEED­INGS TO RESOLVE OR LITIGATE ANY DISPUTE, WHETHER IN ARBITRATION, IN COURT, OR OTHERWISE, WILL BE CONDUCTED SOLELY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS, AND THAT NEITHER YOU NOR MICROSOFT WILL SEEK TO HAVE ANY DISPUTE HEARD AS A CLASS ACTION, A REPRESENTATIVE ACTION, A COLLECTIVE ACTION, A PRIVATE ATTORNEY-GENERAL ACTION, OR IN ANY PROCEEDING IN WHICH YOU OR MICROSOFT ACTS OR PROPOSES TO ACT IN A REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY. YOU AND MICROSOFT FURTHER AGREE THAT NO ARBITRATION OR PROCEEDING WILL BE JOINED, CONSOLIDATED, OR COMBINED WITH ANOTHER ARBITRATION OR PROCEEDING WITHOUT THE PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF YOU, MICROSOFT, AND ALL PARTIES TO ANY SUCH ARBITRATION OR PROECCEDING.
You can opt out of all this by sending physical mail to Microsoft, at the following address:
Microsoft Corporation, ATTN: LCA ARBITRATION, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399
These clauses are only relevant in the United States, and even here some states are beginning to explore whether this sort of thing is legal and enforceable. Illinois has protected the rights of consumers to pursue a legal remedy, and Ohio is exploring the same issue. These agreements are both one-sided and hostile to consumers, so be sure to opt-out after you've updated your system, and be aware of what you're agreeing to whenever you update any of your consoles.
23-year-old woman suffocated at Skrillex concert in India
Skrillex's largely-publicized India tour unfortunately ended in tragedy when an attendee died at the final stop in Gurgaon's Sector 29. Aanchal Arora, 23, went into cardiac arrest caused by suffocation. According to Huffington Post:
“During the concert…the Delhi resident collapsed while dancing and had to be rushed to a nearby hospital in an ambulance provided by the organisers. Despite her friends' best efforts to give her first-aid, Arora, a student of Institute of Apparel Management, never regained consciousness and was pronounced ‘dead on arrival' at the private hospital she was taken to, say reports.”
Assistant Commissioner of Police Ramesh Pal posited that Arora's death may have been due to overcrowding at the event. Pal commented on the matter for Indian publication Hindustan Times:
“The event was not well-managed. While seeking an NOC for the event, the organisers had said they expected a crowd of about 5,000. But, nearly 10,000 people turned up for the concert. The venue was congested.”
Pal went on to report that Arora had no pre-existing health conditions that would have contributed to her death. The family of the deceased will not be pursuing charges.
Via: Huffington Post, Hindustan Times.
Read More:
TomorrowWorld attendee dies of suspected drug overdose
Skrillex is headed to India, sets sights on possible new collaboration
Categories: News
Conservation officers say a young bear that escaped from an animal rehabilitation facility in Langley may have wandered into the United States.
The getaway happened on Sunday afternoon after part of the roof on one of the enclosures at the facility collapsed, creating a hole just big enough for five bears inside to crawl through.
By the time the staff at Critter Care Wildlife Society noticed the pen had been damaged, all five animals were already standing on the roof.
"They were kind of just checking things out and going, 'Hey, we're on the roof. I wonder what we do now?" said Senior Animal Care Supervisor Angela Fontana.
"We used peanuts to lure four of them back into the enclosure but one of the bears managed to escape."
The escapee took off running toward the U.S. border and hasn't been seen since.
No threat to the public
"I guess you could call it the biggest prison escape for bears in the province," said Conservation Officer Jack Trudgian.
"In Langley there are approximately two bears, so this will increase the bear population by 33 percent if it hangs around."
Trudgian says the bear poses no threat to the public.
"Langley does have a small bear population and this bear is either going to mingle with the population or it could possibly be in the United States by now," he said.
"These bears were going to be relocated somewhere this week anyway, so it is definitely capable of looking after itself."
Critter Care is a non-profit organization and Fontana hopes donations from the public will help cover the cost of repairing the roof.
Hackaday held a conference in Belgrade on April 9th, 2016 . The event was first conceived at the end of 2015 and I was in the right place at the right time. I had the opportunity to pitch my suggestion for a badge design. With a short 4 months until the start of the conference, I got a green light to start production right away. I was given a moderate price target but strict budget limit. I also had wide-ranging design freedom. When I have creative freedom, I feel the rest is simply engineering constraints.
TL;DR: The badges arrived on time and the conference went great! The path to production was much more difficult.
My lack of experience in high volume production was my first source of mistakes. My assumptions about human nature were my second. Let's take a look at what went wrong.
December
Plans on a screen
The basic idea was simple: 8×16 LED matrix and a few buttons. It had to be hacking-friendly as well, so I added a USB connector to make it ready for the bootloader firmware. Two AAA batteries would provide sufficient energy for many hours of operation.
Kingbright makes beautiful and efficient 8×8 LED matrix blocks, so I chose these for the display screen. Unfortunately, the price tag of these light-up components consumed half of the budget. It was the low price of the remaining components on the BOM that saved the day.
With no time to waste, I made the PCB project and ordered the prototype printed circuit boards. A three week delivery timeline (plus the Christmas and New Year holidays) meant I had my first functional model in mid January. Here it is, without LED matrix blocks:
January
Modification
Seeing a model on screen gives a rough idea of how the board will feel and work. Actually holding the device in your hands is an entirely different experience.
As soon as I saw my prototype, I knew I had to make certain modifications. The three small buttons became four large buttons, which allowed a “joystick mode”. I also needed an extra RESET button next to the ON/SLEEP button at the top. I extended the lower part of the PCB to make it more comfortable to hold while pressing the buttons. Finally, I added an infrared transmitter and a receiver to allow communication between boards.
I moved onto the next PCB project while Alek (Aleksandar Bradic) designed a nice conference logo. During that time, Hackaday sold early bird tickets providing us with the visitor estimate. We needed a total of 250 badges, which informed part purchasing. It turned that even this estimate was low. We had to produce 65 units extra after the fact. That's a story of its own.
Suspicious, but not worried
Now I could order the components and start organizing the pick-and-place assembly. I have limited experience in high volume production, but luckily I found some help. I found an assembly company close to me in Belgrade, Serbia. They often manage PCB outsourcing to China.
Our first interaction brought unwelcome news: we were in the middle of Chinese New Year. This would last until the February 17th (2016), so we had to wait for a whole month to get boards. The assembler could receive prototyping PCBs before the holidays, but all other items had to wait.
The conference deadline of April 9th still seemed far away, so I wasn't nervous about the pace of production yet. By the end of January I had the second, and hopefully the final prototype:
The finished badge
This board worked fine and I got good feedback from Hackaday crew. The next step was ordering components. Everything seemed promising, except for the lack of one item: Kingbright's LED matrix blocks. I could get about one quarter of the required quantity. The rest would be available in nine weeks from the factory. That was the reply I received…eight weeks before the conference.
February
Lead time issues
The lead times were disappointing and pointed to a particular reality. I couldn't count on the timing of Chinese pick-and-place assembly. Between the production and testing time and the part delivery times, we'd never make it. By the time the parts were received, they would start too late to hit our delivery time. Not only that, I wouldn't have the control over the production, which was on the other side of the world. If anything went wrong — even a day of delay — I'd be doomed. I'd have 250 badges a few days too late and an equal number of disappointed conference visitors.
There were two problems I had to solve as soon as possible. The LED matrix blocks were the priority. I asked Chris Gammell for help, and from that moment on we kept in constant communication. Each day we checked distributor stock throughout the entire planet. We found a grand total of 124 display blocks.
That's enough for 62 badges.
I keep reminding myself that we're not in panic mode yet. That didn't last long.
Panic drives solutions
The epiphany came a day later. All the displays we were looking for were the “common anode” variety. If we expanded our search to common cathode types as well, perhaps we could find more? This required re-routing the PCB, which also means multiple versions of the board. In turn, that could also require software that adapts for different displays.
Scouring the planet
Our broadened search was much better: 320 blocks! That's an additional 160 badges. So including two types of PCBs, we can cover 222 badges. Since we were set on using the blocks, we needed to figure out how else we could expand the search. When we included green display blocks, instead of only red ones, we found 76 more green blocks. That's enough for 38 badges. So we'd have non-uniform blinking badge colors.
We figured if someone asks why some of them were green we would respond, “Those are for the special visitors”
Adding up our score
62+160+38=260 badges (520 total blocks)
That's how many we could get from four different distributors (Farnell, Mouser, SOS and DigiKey). After our orders, there were no TA(C)15–11SRW(G)A LED display blocks available in the whole world! At least not available in less than 9 weeks.
There were other “options”
Above is the shorter, simplified version of this story. There were also several less known distributors which offered odd numbered quantities (ie. 343 available blocks). This was not the problem. The problem was the high price tag and the fact that the (odd) number matched a reputable source (ie. distributor X, distributor Y and Mouser Europe all offered 343 blocks). Suspicious, to say the least. These were likely brokers who were not submitting reliable info to the part feeds.
We verified our suspicions when we finally ordered the whole stock from Mouser. All similar stock listings disappeared. How mysterious!
Dealing with badge variations
While part brokers are an article unto themselves, we could now produce 260 badges! We now had 3 different “versions” of the badge:
Common cathode with red blocks
Common cathode with green blocks
Common anode with red blocks
The secondary board that works with a common cathode display blocks was next. This also had a provision for auto-detecting the type of display. We could stick with one common version of firmware, which simplified programming. This also made badge hacking a more accessible activity. We wanted to encourage all conference attendees to take part.
The PCB modifications came at the last minute for the common cathode displays, as the PCBs for common anode ones were already ordered.
Here are two prototypes:
Common anode red and common anode green. Remember, the ones for special visitors were green.
PCBs
Because of the various designs we implemented, we had to make urgent orders for PCBs. For some reason, the outsourcing company procrastinated. They told us, “No need to rush, there's plenty of time!” Also, “The Chinese timezone is six hours ahead, they have finished their work for today. So it's also OK if we order it tomorrow”.
By that logic, if we order it tomorrow, wouldn't they get it the day after tomorrow?
Even before we found out about the holiday (February 17th), we were doomed. We had doubled our prototyping PCBs because of the sourcing issues on the displays. We needed to test both versions and then order two different series of PCBs (and manage the differences through assembly).
Again, time was our enemy. We were already ten days past the scheduled start. It wasn't until the last day of February when the company finally accepted our order. By that time, we needed to do a “blind” procedure: manufacturing without testing. Scary.
So how did our gamble turn out?
We were lucky…this time. Fortune favors the brave, but not universally.
It doesn't mind the brave wasting their nerves, mind you. But anyone involved in electronics manufacturing understands those are a commodity anyway.
March
SMD assembly
Since pick-and-place assembly in China was out of question, I had to find a solution here in Belgrade. The remaining time had simply run too short.
After several contacts, I found out that most local companies rely on outsourcing orders to China. Very few actually do assembly here in Belgrade. Moving the order to Chinese assembly would take too much time.
I found one company which does the assembly in Belgrade. Moreover, I figured out that the owner of that company was an old friend of mine! It looked like I was in luck again. But when I tried to contact him, I hit a wall. Nobody let me contact him directly, so I suspected something unusual was at hand in the company. “Some sort of reorganization” was the blurred answer from his workers. “Try contacting us next month”.
Unshaken, I kept trying local vendors. At the last moment, a young company named SLT appeared out of nowhere. Can they do it? Yes, sure. Such a small number of units? Of course. Urgent delivery? No problem. I couldn't believe my ears. Where's the catch? No catch.
Miracles happen, but should never be planned for. They did assembly without issue and the project was saved at the last moment again. Here is the delivery, on schedule, ready for manual soldering of battery holders and MCU programming.
Assembled boards on a panel, awaiting testing and separation
April
Final check and programming
From the beginning, I insisted on having one spare week before the conference. Buffer weeks pay off, every time!
Since the badge had to be hacking-friendly, its firmware had two parts. The first consisted of the bootloader and kernel (to those familiar with PCs, this is like a BIOS). The second part of the firmware was the demo program. It was a moving message display, Tetris game and an accelerometer demo.
The first part was programmed by the external programmer (PICKIT 3 in this case). Once the bootloader is in place, the rest programs via the USB port. This makes it more friendly for loading user-generated images later.
The USB port is where another problem appeared. In about 15% of the units the Micro-B USB connector was poorly soldered. It was SMD type, so it was “floating” during pick-and place assembly. The part ended up misaligned after reflow, which is heating the board to the point of solderpaste melting into solder joints. After review and discussion, SLT accepted that they were responsible for repairing those units. Like the other steps in the process, this took more time and further ate into our buffer week.
We later learned these USB connectors are problematic more generally. Even after swapping to an USB connector with through-hole alignment pins, we encountered issues. The next badge, made for Hackaday Supercon in Pasadena, had similar misalignment and bridging. A different (US based) company did the pick-and-place assembly, yet the problem reappeared. Obviously, these types of parts need extra care.
260 times the wrong part
When I tested the first sample, I found another problem: the infrared transmitter didn't work. After a thorough investigation, I found the reason. I was careless and failed to double-check before ordering the parts.
The supplier did not have enough BAT43 Schottky diodes, so I ordered BAS16. I thought that there was no need to test it on the prototype. After all, “it's just a dumb diode, what could go wrong?”
It turns out the diode was not dumb. In retrospect, not checking the diode sure felt dumb.
BAS16 is not Schottky, but a standard silicon diode! In this case, it was used to modulate TXD signal with a 40KHz carrier signal, made with MCU's CCP2 peripheral. Check out the schematic available on the project page. Viewing the diode (D3) and resistor (R5), you will see why it has to be Schottky type. It modulates the transistor (T10), which then drives the infrared LED (D1).
Finding other Schottky diodes was not a problem, but replacing 260 items was. Again, time was our enemy and this was quite a time consuming process. Everything turned out OK, again thanks to the spare week.
Delivered
All badges were ready two days before the conference. Programmed, tested, batteries loaded — and an entire day left to spare! What more could one ask after such a stressful production?
I discussed more about the internals of the badge and the build process at my talk during the Hackaday Belgrade conference. View that here:
Looking to read more like this? Subscribe to the Supplyframe Hardware mailing list for more articles and news, straight to your inbox.
US Senate approves extension of NSA spying
By Patrick Martin
3 June 2015
The US Senate voted by a top-heavy bipartisan majority Tuesday to approve legislation that extends several key spying programs of the National Security Agency. President Obama declared his intention to sign the bill into law “as soon as I get it” in order to allow the NSA to resume the collection of telephone metadata and several other surveillance efforts that had nominally been suspended with the expiration of authorization under the Patriot Act Sunday night.
While the White House, congressional leaders of both parties and the American media are all portraying the so-called USA Freedom Act as a significant restriction on NSA spying, an effort to “strike a balance” between security and civil liberties, it is nothing of the kind.
In the first place, Section 215 of the Patriot Act, whose expiration May 31 made passage of the new authorization necessary, only covers a tiny fraction of the vast surveillance operations of the NSA. The collection of telephone metadata on every American was only one of the many of these illegal and unconstitutional programs first exposed in 2013 by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden, now in exile in Russia.
In a bitter floor speech just before the final vote, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell denounced the bill as “a victory for Edward Snowden,” but this is merely part of the congressional play-acting aimed at giving the American people the illusion that something is being done about illegal government spying, when it continues on a virtually unlimited and ever-expanding scale.
Only hours before McConnell's diatribe, the Associated Press revealed yet another secret government spying program—hundreds of flights by a fleet of FBI planes that conduct low-flying video and cellphone surveillance over dozens of American cities.
McConnell denounced the bill for supposedly “taking away another tool from those who defend us every day” because it phases out the bulk collection of telephone metadata by the NSA, leaving collection of data to the telecommunications companies, which are in turn required to respond to NSA search requests once they are approved by the rubber-stamp FISA (Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act) court.
The bill contains a few other cosmetic efforts to conceal the build-up of police-state powers in America. The secret FISA court is required to hear from privacy advocates and document its decisions on surveillance policy, rather than, as in the past, hearing only from government prosecutors and making all its decisions in secret. This will have no material effect on the surveillance state.
The Senate passed the grossly misnamed USA Freedom Act by a vote of 67-32, with nearly all the opposition coming from right-wing Republicans, led by McConnell, who objected to even the minor limitations on the surveillance operations of the US government contained in the bill. The House passed the same bill last month by an overwhelming margin of 388 to 38, with the backing of Speaker John Boehner and the entire Republican leadership.
The 67-32 Senate vote actually expresses near-unanimous support for the US intelligence apparatus. Democrats backed the bill by 44-2. Republicans were split, 23 in favor and 30 against, but nearly all those opposed wanted no restrictions on NSA spying, even of a cosmetic character.
After McConnell's vitriolic attack on the Obama White House for supposedly capitulating to Edward Snowden, Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid retorted that it was McConnell who had undermined US spy operations by his mistaken handling of delaying tactics by Kentucky Republican Senator Rand Paul, leading to the supposed shutdown of the telephone metadata program by the NSA Sunday night.
Final passage came after the Senate narrowly rejected all three amendments put forward by McConnell and the Republican leadership to further water down the bill's anemic “reform” element. One amendment would have set the transition period from NSA databases to telecom databases at a year, rather than six months. Another would have required the telecoms to notify the NSA before any change in data retention policy, and mandated the NSA to certify that it was ready to make the transition without any loss of ability to conduct searches. The third amendment would have eliminated the requirement that the FISA court report to Congress on significant changes in the interpretation of surveillance laws.
The amendments were less important substantively than as an attempt to delay passage of the legislation indefinitely, since an amended bill would have to go back to the House for further deliberation. In that event, the Senate Republican leadership hoped to push through a simple extension of all Patriot Act surveillance authority, without any cosmetic changes.
A US Court of Appeals ruled earlier this month that Section 215 of the Patriot Act did not provide adequate legal authority for the telephone metadata collection—in effect, finding the program had been operating illegally for 14 years. The White House and the congressional leadership of both parties moved quickly to reestablish the program using a different legal process—FISA warrants served on the telecoms—to accomplish the same end.
Appearing on the CBS program Face the Nation Sunday, CIA Director John Brennan denounced the protracted wrangling in the Senate and whipping up fears of new terrorist attacks—despite the well-documented fact that none of the Section 215 programs has played any role in disrupting terrorist activities. “Anyone who is satisfied with letting this critical intelligence capability go dark isn't taking the terrorist threat seriously,” Brennan said. “I'd urge the Senate to pass the bipartisan USA Freedom Act, and do so expeditiously.”
Brennan declared, “I think terrorist elements have watched very carefully what has happened here in the United States, whether or not it's disclosures of classified information or whether it's changes in the law and policies. They are looking for the seams to operate within.”
In the days leading up to Tuesday's vote, Obama made increasingly strident denunciations of the congressional delay in approving the extension of NSA spying authority. The White House issued a statement Sunday night, after the expiration of Section 215, declaring, “We call on the Senate to ensure this irresponsible lapse in authorities is as short-lived as possible. On a matter as critical as our national security, individual senators must put aside their partisan motivations and act swiftly. The American people deserve nothing less.”
White House press secretary Josh Earnest said Monday that the American people faced “unnecessary risk,” because of the loss of surveillance tools “our national security professionals can use to keep us safe.” In reality, there was no change in the operation of the vast US police-intelligence apparatus, as the New York Times admitted, reporting that “interviews with law enforcement and intelligence officials about what they will do in the interim suggest there are multiple workarounds to the gap.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
What is a GrowGrip?
A GrowGrip is a low-cost, reusable plant holder used for deep water culture (DWC) applications in hydroponic and aquaponic growing. GrowGrips are designed to replace common plastic net pots and grow plugs. They are ideally suited for growing leafy greens, such as lettuce, in home and commercial applications. GrowGrips are made with a recyclable, food-grade, UV resistant low-density polyethylene foam, the same material used to package many common food products.
Prototype GrowGrips
Why use GrowGrips?
Super Light Weight: GrowGrips weigh less than one gram each, lighter than all other grow plugs. Compared to a 2" net pot with gravel, they are 50 times lighter. If you had a raft bed that holds 36 plants, it would reduce the weight of each raft by 3.7 pounds (1,700 grams).
GrowGrips weigh less than one gram each, lighter than all other grow plugs. Compared to a 2" net pot with gravel, they are 50 times lighter. If you had a raft bed that holds 36 plants, it would reduce the weight of each raft by 3.7 pounds (1,700 grams). Reusable: After harvest, GrowGrips can be used repeatedly. We believe our product to be more environmentally friendly than the manufacturing of rock wool, a non-biodegradable product, and more earth conscious than the mining of peat from valuable wetland areas.
After harvest, GrowGrips can be used repeatedly. We believe our product to be more environmentally friendly than the manufacturing of rock wool, a non-biodegradable product, and more earth conscious than the mining of peat from valuable wetland areas. Recyclable : GrowGrips are recyclable and can be added to recycling programs accepting standard #4 LDPE plastics.
: GrowGrips are recyclable and can be added to recycling programs accepting standard #4 LDPE plastics. Disease-Resistant: Soil, peat, and rock wool mixtures can harbor many types of plant disease. Because of the inert properties of GrowGrips, disease is resisted. To sanitize, simply wash GrowGrips in a mild bleach solution.
Soil, peat, and rock wool mixtures can harbor many types of plant disease. Because of the inert properties of GrowGrips, disease is resisted. To sanitize, simply wash GrowGrips in a mild bleach solution. Chemically Inert: Use GrowGrips and know your water chemistry will not be affected. Our product is chemically inert, unlike peat plugs, which are highly acidic. Switch to GrowGrips and stop spending money combating the acidity of your system water altered by the use of grow plugs.
Use GrowGrips and know your water chemistry will not be affected. Our product is chemically inert, unlike peat plugs, which are highly acidic. Switch to GrowGrips and stop spending money combating the acidity of your system water altered by the use of grow plugs. Affordable : GrowGrips are slightly higher in price than grow plugs, but after a few uses, the return on your investment has paid off. After that, it's more money in your pocket every time you use a GrowGrip.
: GrowGrips are slightly higher in price than grow plugs, but after a few uses, the return on your investment has paid off. After that, it's more money in your pocket every time you use a GrowGrip. Gripping Power: Imagine having the option to carry a raft of lettuce vertically. With the grabbing power of GrowGrips, net pots, plants, media, and plugs no longer come tumbling out as rafts are handled. Now there is no more awkward horizontal balancing of rafts while maneuvering in and out of DWC beds.
Early prototype with lettuce seedling
Proudly made in the USA
We partnered with a product manufacturer right here in the United States. Not only does this allow us to closely monitor quality control, it also helps slash overseas shipping costs, keeping the overall cost affordable to our customers.
Why this design?
Time is money. Even in our own greenhouse, a tremendous amount of time was wasted with conventional transplanting, cleaning the net pots, and creating soil and vermiculite mixtures. Worst of all, we were disposing of countless rock wool plugs. We were convinced there had to be a better solution to this waste of time and money. During the past year, we designed, tested and refined the GrowGrip product. Currently, the majority of our DWC crops are grown utilizing hand-made prototype GrowGrips. The design is so uniquely efficient, we have a patent pending.
Early side-by-side growing comparisons
A bit of history
For years I've been frustrated with the time I wasted dealing with the planting and cleaning of media and net pots, or throwing money away using various grow plugs. I knew there had to be a better way. A couple of years ago, I found some lettuce that accidentally seeded itself between some rafts, so I decided to see if it would grow properly...which it did! After countless design modifications, material testing, and a lot of waiting for plants to mature, the GrowGrip has evolved from an accidental discovery to a device that any grower can use to help save time and money.
A quick look at the early days...
Goals
Tooling the initial molds is a large investment for us. Funds from this Kickstarter campaign will allow us help pay for two molds and a small production run of GrowGrips. Supporters like you will be rewarded with product—your own GrowGrips to use in your home, school or commercial system. Our initial goal of $5,000 will help us get things started. We also have a stretch goal of $10,000, and a super stretch goal of $15,000. The more GrowGrips we can have ordered and manufactured on this first production run, the bigger your product reward!
Please help us get the word out about the product. Pass along the exciting news about the product to your friends and colleagues. The more you share with your communities, the closer we can get to our stretch goals, which increases your reward values.
Barn Finds follower Matt G noticed some auction signs the other day while driving by a farm in Northeast Ohio. Turns out there are four farms going up for auction at the end of the month. Combined the properties total 430 acres, which is impressive, but the farm that caught our attention was the one with the large barn chock-full of cars. That's right, this is a real deal barn find and everything must go.
Farm A is the one you will want to be at on December 29th. We are assuming that the white barn in the foreground is the one housing the collection. Remember, this is an absolute auction so there are no reserves and everything will be sold. The photos are terrible, but here is a quick summary of what all is hidden in that barn.
1939 Pontiac Coupe
1940 Buick Convertible Four Door *Auction company claims that this one could have been assembled by the owner so it is questionable. There were around 500 four-door convertibles built by Buick in 1940 though. So… Here is the VIN: 40-4519
1950 Plymouth Special Deluxe
1952 Packard Clipper Four Door
1954 Studebaker Champion
1957 Triumph TR3
1958 Alfa Romeo Spider
1959 Cadillac Four Door
1962 Triumph Herald 1200 Convertible
1963 Triumph TR4
Cars not shown in the photos include a 1966 Austin-Healey Sprite and a 1966 Triumph Spitfire MKZ. Count 'em. That's 12 cars parked in the barn. Nothing super high-dollar, but that is appeal of this one. You may actually be able to afford something. The sale will be handled by Kiko Auction in Massillon, Ohio on December 29th. If you are in the area, this is one farm auction you will not want to miss. So which one will you be raising your paddle for?
A special thanks go to Matt G for sharing this with us. They are still out there guys…
The war of words between Donald Trump and Fox News turned nasty Wednesday night.
On Megyn Kelly's Fox News talk show, conservative columnist Rich Lowry asserted that Carly Fiorina had castrated Trump during the CNN debate last week.
Lowry, a prominent Trump critic, referred to Trump's private parts and said Fiorina had the "precision of a surgeon."
Kelly, who looked shocked at the remark, said "what did you just say?"
Trump was apparently shocked too -- he lambasted Lowry via Twitter, calling him "incompetent" and adding, "He should not be allowed on TV and the FCC should fine him!"
The FCC -- Federal Communications Commission -- occasionally fines broadcast networks for indecency, but has no power to sanction cable channels like Fox News.
Lowry gleefully replied to Trump on Twitter: "Man, you can dish it out but you REALLY, REALLY can't take it."
Fox News had no immediate comment on the off-color moment.
>> Thursday morning update: here's what Trump said about Lowry on CNN's "New Day"
For the time being, Trump and Fox are at loggerheads, and Wednesday's back-and-forth about Trump's anatomy isn't likely to change that.
The conflict began heating up again around noon on Wednesday, when Trump tweeted that he would be boycotting Fox because the network has treated him "very unfairly."
"I have therefore decided that I won't be doing any more Fox shows for the foreseeable future," he wrote.
But a Fox News spokesperson suggested Trump wasn't telling the full story. In a statement to CNN, Fox said "at 11:45 a.m. today, we canceled Donald Trump's scheduled appearance on 'The O'Reilly Factor' on Thursday, which resulted in Mr. Trump's subsequent tweet about his 'boycott' of Fox News."
Fox News declined to specify why it had canceled Trump's appearance. But the decision came after a series of tweets Trump posted on Monday and Tuesday criticizing Kelly's and Bill O'Reilly's shows, sometimes in highly personal ways.
"Enough's enough" is how one Fox source put it on Wednesday.
A second source argued that Trump was antagonizing Fox to create controversy and draw attention to himself at a time when other candidates are surging in the polls.
"When coverage doesn't go his way, he engages in personal attacks on our anchors and hosts, which has grown stale and tiresome," the Fox News spokesperson said. "He doesn't seem to grasp that candidates telling journalists what to ask is not how the media works in this country."
Fox also criticized the media for its initial portrayal of Trump's boycott announcement. "The press predictably jumped to cover his tweet, creating yet another distraction from any real issues that Mr. Trump might be questioned about," the spokesperson said.
Trump's office replied by saying "Mr. Trump stands by his statement made earlier today" and pointing out the high ratings Stephen Colbert's show received when Trump stopped by on Tuesday night.
What happened between Fox and Trump?
Trump previously threatened to boycott Fox News in the wake of the first Republican primary debate six weeks ago on the grounds that the network's moderators -- particularly Kelly -- had been unfair to him.
The two parties reached detente after Fox News chairman and CEO Roger Ailes called Trump to assure him that he would be treated fairly.
But the truce was exceedingly fragile. Trump still complained from time to time about Fox's coverage.
After the second primary debate of the season, last week, Trump was booked to appear this Thursday night on "The O'Reilly Factor," the highest-rated show on cable news.
O'Reilly even promoted the upcoming Trump interview while appearing on "Jimmy Kimmel Live," which was taped Monday evening.
By Monday night, however, Trump was souring on O'Reilly's show. He fired off a series of angry tweets.
"I am having a really hard time watching Fox News," Trump tweeted. He complained that O'Reilly's show had been "very negative to me" because its guests were all "Trump haters."
He also resumed his critiques of Kelly, who has drawn Trump's fire ever since her grilling of the candidate during the first debate.
"She is the worst -- all anti-Trump!" Trump tweeted Monday night. "Terrible show."
He also singled out Lowry as "truly one of the dumbest of the talking heads."
On Tuesday night, Trump wrote, "Do you ever notice that lightweight Megyn Kelly constantly goes after me but when I hit back it is totally sexist. She is highly overrated!"
In a wink to his fans, some of whom wrongly thought Kelly's post-debate vacation was a suspension, he also wrote, "I think Megyn Kelly should take another eleven day 'unscheduled' vacation."
How long will the Trump blackout last?
For Fox News, the boycott -- whether instigated by Ailes or Trump -- means it will be cut off from the Trump ratings machine. By the same token, Trump will miss out on access to the millions of viewers who tune into Fox News every night for coverage of the 2016 race.
Trump, who gave a relatively subdued performance at the Sept. 16 GOP debate, is down 8 points in the latest CNN/ORC national poll. Meanwhile, rivals like Carly Fiorina and Ben Carson have been on the rise, and commanding more and more media attention.
But a post-debate poll by Fox, published on Wednesday night, showed Trump still leading the GOP pack with 26% support now, holding steady from the 25% support a Fox poll found for him in mid-August.
Carson is up to 18%, from 12% before, according to the Fox poll, and Fiorina is up to 9%, from 5% before.
The Future of Media, a customized magazine
While it seems most youngsters these days are more enthralled with the likes of Lady Gaga, Lil' Wayne, and Britney Spears than with guitar legends like B.B. King, Stevie Ray Vaughn, and Eric Clapton, there are still millions of young guitarists around the world taking guitar lessons and trying to learn how to play guitar. And with the advent of YouTube, we now have the ability to watch these young kids grow as guitar players and as musicians as they share their performances online. Every now and then, a prodigy emerges from the abyss of average talent on the Internet and an international phenomenon is born. Justin Bieber. Greyson Chance. Who's next? No one knows for sure, but we have our hopes set on one of the following outstanding guitar prodigies.
Introducing the 7 Most Talented Guitar Prodigies in the World (in our humble opinion, of course):
7. “Mojo” Myles Mancuso
Myles Mancuso is a gifted 14 year old performer / multi-instrumentalist, he has been fronting his own band on stages in and around the New York City and Hudson Valley area since he was 9 years old (his back up band consists of professional musicians 4 and 5 times his age). His advanced musical abilities have allowed him to perform live on some of New York's top stages; BB Kings, The Cutting Room, The Iridium Jazz Club, Madison Square Garden and others. In Myles' relatively short musical career he has already been recognized by many music and entertainment professionals, this has allowed him the opportunity to perform with a number of well known artists. He's appeared live as a special guest performer with Les Paul (Guitar Legend), Levon Helm (Legendary Drummer), Jimmy Vivino (Conan O'Brien Show), Kate Taylor (Sister of James Taylor) and many others. Visit his official website.
6. Sungha Jung
Seongha Jeong (정성하) (colloquially: Sungha Jung) (born September 2, 1996) is a South Korean prodigy guitarist who has risen to fame on YouTube and other sites, mainly through the South Korean audience. Seongha typically takes three days to learn and practice a new song, and video-record it for upload onto YouTube. His genre selection is rather broad, as he learns and plays many songs that are playable on guitar, therefore consequently spread across numerous genres. Seongha has won 13 awards on YouTube, including 6 “#1” awards. Also on YouTube, Seongha has 24 videos with over one million views. He also just released his first album. Visit his official website.
5. Lucciano Pizzichini
Lucciano Pizzichini was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina on May 14, 2000. During the months of gestation, his father would place speakers near his wife's belly every day so that the unborn child could listen to Paul McCartney, John Scofield, George Benson and of course the Beatles. By the tender age of 2, Lucchy was already playing short melodies on a small one-string guitar specially built for him by his father. A year later, Lucciano was already reading challenging classical pieces by Carcassi. At the age of 4, he began formally reading specific guitar methods. By 6, Lucchy had completed the first method of guitar from the Berklee School of Music, as well as other classical guitar books. Lucchy has just turned 8. He understands harmony and theory of music, harmonizes all musical scales, accords and ciphers. Visit his official Facebook page.
4. Quinn Sullivan
Quinn Sullivan is an 11 year-old from New Bedford, MA who plays the guitar like he's 60. Sullivan began taking guitar lessons at age three. He has studied with Brian Cass of The Overclock Orchestra and the Toe Jam Puppet Band as well as Stan Belmarce. The first original song he wrote with Chris Waters was titled “Sing, Dance, Clap Your Hands”. Sullivan first gained national media attention at age six when he appeared on The Ellen Degeneres Show. Sullivan gained more notoriety when Buddy Guy asked him to come on stage and play during a performance at the Zeiterion Theater in New Bedford, Massachusetts, in 2007 (video below). Quinn has since performed on stage with Guy as well as with B.B. King and has played in venues such as the Beacon Theatre in New York City, the Orpheum Theatre in Boston, and Buddy Guy's Legends in Chicago. Visit his official website.
3. Yuto Miyazawa
Yuto Miyazawa (Japanese: 宮澤佑門 Miyazawa Yūto) was born on February 21, 2000, in Tokyo, Japan and currently lives there with his parents. Miyazawa has been named “The Youngest Professional Guitarist” by Guinness Book of World Records in August, 2008. Since his discovery, Miyazawa has had the opportunity to play with numerous music legends over the past year such as, G. E. Smith, Les Paul, Galactic, Deep Banana Blackout, Ozzy Osbourne and many more. He has appeared at Madison Square Garden, the famous B. B. Kings, Chris Noth and Steve Walter's The Cutting Room, and Rodeo Bar in New York City. Yuto has also had the opportunity to perform at the Gathering of the Vibes festival this past summer. In May 2009, Miyazawa appeared on The Ellen DeGeneres Show, where he performed Crazy Train playing guitar and singing lead vocals. Visit his official website.
2. Tallan “T-Man” Latz
Tallan Latz was born on September 22, 1999 in Wisconsin. He received his first musical instrument, a drum kit, at the age of three and began playing acoustic guitar at age four. By the time he was five, a video of Joe Satriani had a major impact on the boy and he declared “That's what I want to do.” At the age of eight, he has played on-stage with performers the likes of Jackson Browne and Les Paul. Latz's musical influences include Stevie Ray Vaughan, Jimi Hendrix, Joe Bonamassa, Walter Trout, BB King, Buddy Guy, Joe Satriani, Steve Vai, Steve Miller, Eric Johnson, Led Zeppelin, Derek Trucks, Rush, Slash, Keith Urban, Craig Young, Johann Sebastian Bach and Ludwig van Beethoven. In 2008, there was much controversy about the legality of Tallan's performances, but he continues to rock on today. Visit his official MySpace page.
1. Andreas Varady
Born in Slovakia, into a Hungarian Gypsy family, Andreas Varady has been playing the guitar since the age of four. Although only twelve years old, he is already an accomplished and imaginative musician, inspired by his favourite guitarists George Benson, Wes Montgomery and Joe Pass. Andreas plays completely by ear and is taught by his guitarist father, Bandi. He has lived in Ireland since 2008 and gained his first experiences from busking and attending Limerick's weekly jazz workshop. Visit his official website.
Wow. Just wow.
If you want to learn how to travel Europe on just €5 a day, check out the Kickstarter page to pre-order a copy of the travel guide before JUNE 16th and help out!
Ford Prefect expounds on the virtues of the towel. Towlie, perhaps a little biased, urges all around him to remember to bring a towel. And now I too wish to express the illimitable value of the humble towel.
In my travels I never panic, for my towel serves many roles. I have used it to, quite appropriately, dry myself off after a shower. But, so have I used it to prevent such a dousing in the first place, draping it about my shoulders and head in a sudden storm.
On the long, bumpy rides along Eastern Europe's rails I have placed my towel, carefully rolled, beneath my head to guard me in my sleep against the cold and hardness of the window upon which I rested.
In the far, frozen reaches of the great Arctic North, the towel found its way beneath my jacket, wrapped tightly about my torso, an extra layer of warmth.
When I needed to carry extra food, which could not fit in my backpack, quickly my towel transformed into pouch, folded up at the corners and tied into a handle–the crusty bread and fresh fruits dry and unmolested in its hold.
When a rough journey was ahead of me, where I might spill upon the ground after a mighty leap or a quick stumble, I would bind my laptop with the towel to protect it should I land on my backpack.
Always, the towel should be at your side, whether you are hitching the galaxy, chillin' in Colorado, or bumming around Europe. The bigger, the fluffier, the better. I've only listed a few of its most useful applications, yet the towel's true purposes are endless.
New US media campaign promotes military strike on Iran
By Patrick Martin
12 January 2009
Front-page reports in two leading US newspapers Sunday signal a ratcheting up of US pressure on Iran and the preparation of American public opinion for a new round of US military aggression.
The New York Times published a lengthy article by its chief diplomatic correspondent, David Sanger, a long-time conduit for the concerns of the Pentagon and State Department, purporting to detail discussions between the Bush administration and Israel over the past year about possible air strikes on Iranian nuclear facilities.
The Washington Post carried a shorter but equally prominent article, written by correspondent Joby Warrick, recounting efforts by Iran to obtain electrical components from US and European suppliers, allegedly for Improvised Explosive Devices to be used against American forces in Iraq.
The provocative character of the Post article is demonstrated in its sensationalistic first sentence, which reads: “The Iranian businessman was looking for high-quality American electronics, but he had to act stealthily: The special parts he coveted were denied to Iranians, especially those seeking to make roadside bombs to kill US troops in Iraq.”
Other than the florid prose, the Post article adds little to the public record provided by a federal court filing last fall in Miami in which the US Department of Justice charged four companies, based in Dubai, part of the United Arab Emirates, with acting as purchasing agents for the Iranian government. The principal company involved, Mayrow General Trading, was shut down by Dubai authorities in 2006.
As for the Times article, it provides new details about US-Israeli relations, as well as about US covert operations against Iran, which reportedly involve efforts to sabotage the Iranian nuclear enrichment program by supplying faulty equipment through third parties and also through the practice of cyber-warfare against Iranian computer systems.
But the article has the character less of an exposé than a semi-official declaration of the US government, sanctioned by both the outgoing Bush administration and the incoming Obama administration, represented in both cases by Secretary of Defense Robert Gates, the first Pentagon chief to be carried over from one administration to its successor.
Times correspondent Sanger not only bases his account on interviews with US and Israeli military and intelligence officials, he acknowledges submitting to what amounts to government censorship, declaring, “Several details of the covert effort have been omitted from this account, at the request of senior United States intelligence and administration officials, to avoid harming continuing operations.” This admission suggests that the article was pre-approved and “planted” by the US government.
The article portrays the Bush administration and Gates, in particular, as opposed to Israeli air strikes on Iranian nuclear targets, partly because they could not accomplish the goal of destroying the Iranian program and partly because of the likely backlash throughout the Middle East, especially in Iraq, where 140,000 US troops would be prime targets for any Iranian retaliation.
The article states that the Israelis approached the Bush administration early last year with three requests to facilitate air strikes on Iran: a supply of deep-penetrating bombs, equipment for refueling bombers in the air, and permission to use US-controlled Iraqi airspace.
According to Sanger, while stalling on the bombs and equipment, the White House flatly refused over flight permission, fearing the consequences for the US position in Iraq. He writes: “At the White House and the Pentagon, there was widespread concern that a political uproar in Iraq about the use of its American-controlled airspace could result in the expulsion of American forces from the country.”
The ongoing discussions between Washington and Jerusalem on whether and how to attack Iran have been the subject of multiple articles over the past five years by Seymour Hersh of the New Yorker magazine, based on leaks from Pentagon and CIA sources. Sanger adds little that is new in this area.
The Israeli technical preparations for air strikes on Iran have been quite open, including well-publicized military exercises last summer over the Mediterranean, in which Israeli warplanes simulated a bombing mission of the same length as a direct flight to Natanz, Iran's main nuclear research and uranium enrichment facility.
Israel has completed purchase of 90 F-16I fighter-bombers from the US, which can carry enough fuel to reach Iran, (flying east from Israel through Jordan and Iraq), as well as two new Dolphin submarines from Germany that could fire nuclear-armed warheads against Iran, in addition to three similar vessels already in service.
Iran has sought to parry these moves by upgrading its air defense capabilities, buying 29 new Tor-M1 surface-to-air missile systems from Russia in 2007, and seeking delivery of an even more advanced Russian surface-to-air missile, the S-300. Israeli and US officials have sought to pressure Moscow not to deliver that weapons system.
There is a sinister side to Sanger's discussion of US covert operations against Iran. Towards the end of his article, he singles out a top Iranian nuclear scientist, noting that one goal of the US activities was to “keep the pressure on a little-known Iranian professor named Mohsen Fakrizadeh, a scientist described in classified portions of American intelligence reports as deeply involved in an effort to design a nuclear warhead for Iran.”
What kind of “pressure” is Sanger talking about in this chilling passage? The naming of this scientist is tantamount to a threat by the US (and Israeli) intelligence services that Fakrizadeh could be targeted for assassination.
On a broader political level, what does the US military-intelligence establishment hope to accomplish by injecting the question of military action against Iran into public debate only nine days before Barack Obama takes the oath of office?
One passage in the article suggests that it represents an effort both to pressure the Obama administration to take action on Iran, and to begin the process of preparing American public opinion for such action. Sanger writes:
“Since his election on Nov. 4, Mr. Obama has been extensively briefed on the American actions in Iran, though his transition aides have refused to comment on the issue. Early in his presidency, Mr. Obama must decide whether the covert actions begun by Mr. Bush are worth the risks of disrupting what he has pledged will be a more active diplomatic effort to engage with Iran. Either course could carry risks for Mr. Obama. An inherited intelligence or military mission that went wrong could backfire, as happened to President Kennedy with the Bay of Pigs operation in Cuba. But a decision to pull back on operations aimed at Iran could leave Mr. Obama vulnerable to charges that he is allowing Iran to speed ahead toward a nuclear capacity, one that could change the contours of power in the Middle East.”
This suggests that Obama is being put on notice: Back down from ongoing plans for sabotage or military action against Tehran, and he could face a “Who lost Iran?” campaign in the media. Not that Obama needs much encouragement.
Only two months ago, on the eve of the election, the Times editorial page noted that “inside Washington's policy circles these days-in studies, commentaries, meetings, Congressional hearings and conferences-reasonable people from both parties are seriously examining the so-called military option …”
One report cited then by the Times was produced by the Bipartisan Policy Center, co-founded by former Democratic Senator Tom Daschle, now an Obama cabinet nominee. That report, which declared that “a military strike is a feasible option and must remain a last resort,” was co-authored by Dennis Ross, Obama's top Middle East adviser, recently named a top aide to Hillary Clinton in the Obama State Department.
The United Kingdom is now the first country to legalize mitochondrial DNA transfers.
Earlier in February, the legislation passed the House of Commons by a vote of 282-12. It moved to the House of Lords, which passed it by a majority of 232. Clinical trials on humans could begin as early as the end of 2015.
There's a lot of support for three-person in vitro fertilization: Mothers pass along mitochondrial DNA as well as nucleic DNA to their babies, while fathers only pass along nucleic DNA. Mitochondrial DNA doesn't carry information about character traits, but does carry certain diseases that can be life-threatening. Mothers can avoid passing along those diseases by using a donor's mitochondrial DNA instead, which is combined with the mother and father's nucleic DNA to form a healthy embryo.
The conversation about three-parent IVF has taken place in the United States, but no formal regulation has been applied to the procedures.
India's prime minister has praised an opposition MP who made an impassioned appeal for Britain to pay reparations for 200 years of colonial rule.
Narendra Modi said Shashi Tharoor's speech at the Oxford Union, which was posted online last week, “reflected the feelings of patriotic Indians” and that he said “the right things at the right place”.
Mr Tharoor, a Congress MP, writer and former UN under-secretary general, said that “Britain's rise for 200 years was financed by its depredations in India”
“We paid for our own oppression,” he said “It's a bit rich to impress, maim, kill, torture and repress and then celebrate democracy at the end of it.”
Shashi Tharoor's makes his speech at the Oxford Union
“India's share of the world economy when Britain arrived on its shores was 23 per cent. By the time the British left it was down to below four per cent," Tharoor said in the May 28 debate.
"Why? Simply because India had been governed for the benefit of Britain.”
Mr Tharoor added that Indians had "literally paid for our own oppression," as by the end of the 19th century they were the world's biggest purchasers of British goods as well as providing employment for highly paid civil servants.
“In fact, Britain's industrial revolution was actually premised upon the de-industrialisation of India,” he said.
• David Cameron: Britain caused many of the world's problems
The 15-minute speech has been viewed more than 1.5 million times on YouTube and was widely praised by the Indian press.
Mr Modi responded to the speech earlier this week, saying: "Tharoor's speech reflected the feelings of patriotic Indians on the issue and showed what impression one can leave with effective arguments by saying the right things at the right place."
Mr Tharoor, who has often been criticised by Congress president Sonia Gandhi for praising Mr Modi and his initiatives, also called on Britain to apologise for colonial rule.
"As far as I am concerned, the ability to acknowledge a wrong that has been done, to simply say sorry, will go a far, far, far longer way than some percentage of GDP in the form of aid," he said.
"What is required, it seems to me, is accepting the principle that reparations are owed."
Mr Modi, however, did not say whether he backed Mr Tharoor's demand for an apology. The British High Commission in Delhi declined to comment.
Mr Modi is due to visit Britain later this year. The dates of the trip have yet to be finalised.
Many in India want Britain to make amends for the wrongs committed during its colonial rule.
David Cameron had to face severe criticism during his last trip to India for not apologising for the 1919 Jallianwala Bagh massacre in Amritsar, where hundreds of non-violent pro-independence protesters were shot dead at the behest of Colonel Reginald Dyer.
The Prime Minister expressed regret for the massacre during a visit to Amritsar in 2013 and laid a wreath at a memorial, but Indian critics said it was not enough.
The State Department's report on Hillary Clinton's insouciant attitude toward cyber-security would finish any other American politician. She ignored the law, flouted it repeatedly, and didn't care; folks are in prison for less. The only thing that's holding her up at this point is her Amen Corner in the media, most of whom know her personally and who long for a Clinton Restoration in order to reclaim their places as house courtiers. But 2016 is not 1992 or even 2008, and the retinue of retainers is as long in the tooth as the former first lady herself. They can't protect her as they once could, and the multiplicity of media means that while the gatekeepers are still at the gates, the walls on either side have fallen. Meanwhile, State has publicly called her a liar and left a stinking mess on her doorstep that even her faithful house boys are going to find difficult to sweep aside. Now what?Maybe this what:
Also, Meghan Trainor's "All About That Bass" hits No. 1 on the Digital Songs chart.
The Guardians of the Galaxy soundtrack rises to No. 1 on the Billboard 200, becoming the second chart-topping soundtrack of 2014.
The blockbuster film's set, subtitled Awesome Mix Vol. 1, sold 109,000 copies in the week ending Aug. 10 (up 83 percent), according to Nielsen SoundScan. It debuted a week ago at No. 3 with 60,000.
The 12-song multi-artist collection follows Frozen as the second soundtrack to top the chartthis year. Both albums were released by the Disney Music Group. (The company's Hollywood Records issued Guardians of the Galaxy while Walt Disney Records released Frozen.)
2014 is the first year since 2009 where multiple theatrical film soundtracks reached No. 1. Three movie sets topped the list in 2009: Hannah Montana: The Movie, The Twilight Saga: New Moon and Michael Jackson's This Is It
Why a '70s Mixtape Propels the Plot of 'Guardians of the Galaxy'
Guardians of the Galaxy is an especially notable No. 1 album because it is the first No. 1 soundtrack where the whole album is composed of previously released songs. All of its tunes were released between the late 1960s and late 1970s, and most were chart hits on the Billboard Hot 100.
The album and its music play an important role in the movie: They are all on a mixtape in the main character's Walkman, which was given to him by his late mother. (All but one of the soundtrack album's dozen songs are heard in the film, too.)
As for the rest of the top 10, the Now 51 compilation enters at No. 2 with 94,000, giving the long-running Now That's What I Call Music! franchise its 57th top 10 album. All 51 of the titles in the main series have hit the top 10, while an additional six Now-branded titles (like Now That's What I Call Christmas! ) have reached the top 10.
Godsmack starts at No. 3 with its newest album, 1000HP, selling 58,000. It's the band's first full-length studio album to not enter at No. 1 since 2000's Awake debuted and peaked at No. 5. Following that project, the act notched three straight chart-toppers with the studio efforts Faceless (2003), IV (2006) and The Oracle (2010). The band also nabbed a top 10 EP in that span of time with The Other Side (No. 5) in 2004.
Another rock band, Spoon, rounds out the new arrivals in the top four, as its latest, They Want My Soul, bows at No. 4 with 39,000. It's the third top 10 for the group, which previously visited the region with 2010's Transference (No. 4) and 2007's Ga Ga Ga (No. 10).
Tom Petty Scores First No. 1 Album On Billboard 200
Last week's No. 1 album, Tom Petty and The Heartbreakers' Hypnotic Eye, falls to No. 6 in its second week with 34,000 (down 74 percent). It's right behind 5 Seconds of Summer's self-titled set, which falls 4-5 with 36,000 (down 35 percent). Eric Clapton & Friends' all-star tribute album, The Breeze: An Appreciation of JJ Cale, descends 2-7 with 29,000 (down 52 percent). The Frozen soundtrack shifts 6-8 (28,000, down 15 percent), and Sam Smith's In the Lonely Hour moves 7-9 (27,000, down 10 percent).
New U.K. pop band The Vamps arrive at No. 10 with debut EP Somebody to You. The quartet's effort sells 20,000 and is the fifth EP to debut in the top 10 this year. A year ago at this point, no EPs had arrived in the top 10. Just last week Shawn Mendes' self-titled EP arrived at No. 5. It falls to No. 32 in its second week.
Over on the Digital Songs chart, a new No. 1 is crowned, as Meghan Trainor's "All About That Bass" rises 2-1 with 197,000 downloads sold (up 17 percent).
Jessie J, Ariana Grande and Nicki Minaj's "Bang Bang" drops 1-2 in its second week, selling 141,000 (down 39 percent).
Minaj makes a second appearance in the top three, as her new solo single, "Anaconda," bows at No. 3 with 141,000. She is the first lead act to have two concurrent songs in the top three of the chart since the Sept. 22, 2012 list. That week, Taylor Swift led with "We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together" at No. 1 and "Ronan" at No. 2.
Smith's "Stay With Me" remains at No. 4 on the new Digital Songs chart with 123,000 (down 11 percent), Magic's "Rude" is also steady at No. 5 with 122,000 (down 8 percent), and Jason Aldean's "Burnin' It Down" is another stationary track, sitting at No. 6 for another week (107,000; down 7 percent).
Iggy Azalea's "Black Widow," featuring Rita Ora, climbs 8-7 with 106,000 (up 6 percent), and Azalea's "Fancy," featuring Charli XCX, slips 7-8 with 98,000 (down 8 percent). Maroon 5's "Maps" tumbles 3-9 with 97,000 (down 31 percent), and Sia's "Chandelier" moves 9-10 with 91,000 (down 7 percent).
Overall album sales in this past chart week (ending Aug. 10) totaled 4.27 million units, down 1 percent compared with the sum last week (4.33 million) and down 9 percent compared with the comparable sales week of 2013 (4.7 million). Year-to-date album sales stand at 146.4 million, down 14 percent compared with the same total at this point last year (171 million).
Digital track sales this past week totaled 20.2 million downloads, down 1 percent compared with last week (20.4 million) and down 8 percent stacked next to the comparable week of 2013 (22.1 million). Year-to-date track sales are at 715.6 million, down 13 percent compared with the same total at this point last year (820.2 million).
Next week's Billboard 200 competes with the same week in 2013 when: Luke Bryan's Crash My Party debuted at No. 1, selling 528,000 in its first week. K. Michelle's Rebellious Soul arrived in the runner-up spot, selling 72,000.
ATU Local 689 President Jackie Jeter, left, and Metro General Manager Paul J. Wiedefeld. Jeter, whose union represents most Metro workers, said Thursday that the two sides have failed to reach agreement on a new contract. (LEFT: Bill O'Leary/The Washington Post and RIGHT: Marvin Joseph/The Washington Post/LEFT: Bill O'Leary/The Washington Post and RIGHT: Marvin Joseph/The Washington Post)
Metro and its largest union have failed to agree on a new labor contract, the union said Thursday, triggering the start of a lengthy and uncertain arbitration process as the transit agency faces increased budget pressures.
The stalemate won't affect rail or bus service, Metro said, but it signals a worsening of labor relations at a time when the jurisdictions that fund the agency want it to rein in costs and improve performance.
Jackie Jeter, president of Amalgamated Transit Union Local 689, said the union intends to formally notify management Friday that talks originally aimed at a three-year agreement have reached an impasse.
Either side can declare such a standoff, which automatically means a three-member arbitration panel is appointed to resolve the dispute. Metro says that process typically takes six to nine months.
The two sides are at odds over retirement benefits, wages, health care and work rules, with pensions apparently the principal obstacle.
Metro is concerned that the arbitration process is tilted in the union's favor, because the arbitrators don't take into account the jurisdictions' ability and willingness to pay the higher labor costs. But the union counters that it has lost valuable benefits under arbitration in the past and fears it might do so again.
[Metro GM proposes ‘new business model' and $500 million a year in extra funding to save D.C.-area transit agency.]
Metro said the breaking point in the talks came when the union refused to consider management's proposal that future employees would have 401(k)-style defined contributions pension plans. Those are less generous than the defined-benefit pensions of current employees.
"What was conveyed to us was, the sticking point was on the pensions" for new hires, General Manager Paul J. Wiedefeld said. He noted that managers and other nonunion employees at Metro have had 401(k)-style plans since 1999.
Jeter said the new pension proposal would cost Metro about the same, but would leave workers exposed to market pressures that could hurt their retirement income.
"The employer wants none of the risk," Jeter said. "They are hellbent on a 401(k)."
She said the union also was unhappy about management's proposals to reduce pension and health benefits for current employees, and to offer minimal pay increases. She decided to go to arbitration after meetings with her membership Tuesday and Wednesday.
"The members are angry because of the things that [Metro] wants to take away," Jeter said. She said they're also upset over recent steps by Metro to intensify background checks of employees and to curb absenteeism.
[Union dissent highlights difficulty of enacting Wiedefeld's rescue plan for Metro]
ATU 689, which has about 9,200 members, has been working under an expired contract since July 2016.
Its contract typically sets the pattern for pacts with Metro's other four unions, which are much smaller.
Wiedefeld said he regretted the union's decision to seek arbitration. He said management's goal in the talks was "a sustainable business model" that would allow the agency to protect jobs and pensions of current employees.
"How do we sustain the service we're trying to provide when we're hearing from the local governments that they can't support [annual] growth rates of 8 percent [in operating costs] over the last 5 years?" Wiedefeld said. "If we can't get there by controlling some of these costs, where do we go? . . . If we cut service, that means cutting jobs."
According to a breakdown provided by Metro, the union's initial proposal called for wage and pension increases that would have raised costs by $213 million over three years.
By contrast, management's initial proposal was to freeze wages for the highest-paid employees, and to require that employees contribute more to both their health care and pensions. Metro said its package would save the agency $421 million, with $283 million of the savings achieved through reduced pensions.
[Federal judge orders Metro union to hold new officer elections after allegations of misconduct]
Jeter said the union's most recent proposal, for a four-year contract, called for no pay increase in the first year, followed by increases of 3 percent, 2 percent and 2 percent. She said management was offering a one-time increase of 1 percent.
The dispute now must go to mediators under Metro's system of mandatory binding arbitration.
GOP elected officials — and some Democrats — have urged scrapping the binding arbitration system, saying it's too favorable to the union. If that were to happen, however, the union would be free to strike.
Although Metro and ATU 689 agreed on the last contract without resorting to arbitration, it isn't unusual for such mediation to take place. Over the past 20 years, Metro said, about half the contracts have gone to arbitration.
The second-to-last contract, which covered the period from 2008 to 2012, went to arbitration — and management went to court to try to overturn the result. Management said it could not afford the contract, but a federal judge sided with the union.
[Lawmakers suggest Metro unions are derailing efforts for internal cost-cutting.]
That contract provided workers three consecutive 3 percent annual pay raises, part of a package that cost Metro an additional $104.5 million over three years.
The arbitrators roughly split the difference between the union request for four annual raises of 6 percent, and Metro's offer of two 1 percent lump-sum payments, and then 1 percent raises for each of the next two years.
But the union noted that the arbitrators' ruling also ended a benefit for future hires under which retired employees received health insurance. As a result, about 4,000 current employees will lose ­company-paid health insurance when they retire.
The most recent contract, covering 2012 to 2016, did not go to arbitration. Under it, employees received an 11.4 percent pay increase over three years. However, they also began contributing to their pensions for the first time.
Tom Downs, who was Metro board chairman at the time, said the net effect was a 1.85 percent annual average increase for Metro employees.
The union and management pointed to different sets of comparative data to support their positions. ATU 689 cited a recent study showing Metro workers' pay and benefits are in line with those of other major transit systems.
Metro released charts showing that its workers contribute less to their pension plans than other public employees in the Washington region.
But the Orochi was pretty darn tough otherwise, and sort of took over an entire province. Small wonder, with 800dpi at his disposal. As long as you're not fighting storm gods, you should be juuuust fine.
Welcome to Woot, kind of
There's so much more to Woot than just this page.
You hold, in your browser window, just a tiny shard of the Woot magic. We're so bursting with deals, sometimes we have to set up these Moofi sideshow sales away from our main gig just to relieve the pent-up deal pressure. But the Woot family of sites rolls out deals this good every single day.
So if you turn back now, if you fail to explore the boundless universe of cheapskate pleasure that is Woot, someone else will grab all those incredible deals that should have been yours. You're not going to let them get their grubby hands on your stuff, are you? Of course you aren't.
See Today's Woot
About
The Duck Island Bread Company is a genuine scratch-bakery where we celebrate and honor the traditions of European bakers. Called "The future of bread on Long Island" by Newsday food writer Erica Marcus, we hand-craft all of our breads and pastries in small batches, using only the finest quality ingredients. We never use preservatives, dough conditioners, commercially available mixes, or mass produced ready-to-bake products.
Our philosophy in bread baking is that no bread is baked before its time. The goal is to allow each small batch of dough to develop its flavors naturally through hours of fermentation, without the addition of commonly used artificial ingredients' such as flavor enhancers or improvers. Our breads are also leavened naturally, by capturing the wild yeast spores present in the air and grain. We have patiently fermented wheat and rye flour and have grown thriving cultures of wild yeast. We use these cultures to leaven our rye bread, and some of our wheat breads. This time honored method of leavening passed on for generations by bread bakers, produces wonderfully delicious bread with a depth of flavor like no other.
Our enriched breads and pastries are also prepared with only the highest quality of ingredients. Using wheat flour from the King Arthur Flour Company, whole milk, local farm-fresh eggs, minimally refined sugar, and European style unsalted butter, we hand-craft Cinnamon Buns, Granny Apple Crumb Buns, Brioche, Raspberry Rolls, Morning Buns, pure butter Croissants, Pain au Chocolat, Almond Croissants, Kouign Amann, savory Croissants and many other delicious pastries.
With the help of great friends and a very supportive family, we have just successfully completed our third season at the Northport Farmers' Market. It's now time to continue to serve our wonderfully loyal customers all year round. In order to do that we have rented a small retail spot in Huntington, New York. It's not big, but it's large enough to create a local shop where people will always be able to get fresh baked, made-from-scratch, bread and pastries.
New home of Duck Island Bread Company
COMING SOON!
There's a lot of work needed to be done in the the start-up of our shop. We're building counters, replacing wall covering, ceiling tiles and light fixtures. We also need to purchase additional equipment in order to increase production. This equipment includes refrigeration, an additional deck for the Pavailler oven, a spiral dough mixer and a retarder/proofer. This equipment will let us bake more bread and pastries so we can grow our business through the retail shop, and by expanding to additional farmers' markets next season.
We've got a 3-year track record of success and just need a little help to move forward and grow. If you'd like to contribute to the Duck Island Bread Company start-up fund, you can do so right here. In return, we've put together some pretty tasty rewards to express our gratitude. Our goal is to create a bakery experience like no other for the local community. A place for you where you can come to watch and learn all about what goes into your baked goods. Take a look below and I think you'll agree that we create something really special. Thank you for your support.
Baguettes, Gruyere Cheese Bread & Fougasse
Butter Croissant
Butter Croissant
Pain au Chocolat
Almond Croissant
Raspberry Roll
Kouign Amann
Pain au Raisin
Morning Bun
Baguettes
Baguettes
Fougasse
Boogasse for Halloween
Boogasse eating Pretzel Knots
Rye Bread & Rolls
Rye Bread
Rye Bread
Durum Wheat Bread
Durum Wheat Bread (Sicilian Style)
Durum Wheat Bread
Duck Island Sour Dough Bread
Duck Island Sour Dough Bread
Duck Island Ciabatta
Duck Island Pretzel Loaf
Duck Island Bavarian Style Pretzel
Duck Island Gruyere Cheese Bread
New Orleans Saints general manager Mickey Loomis said the decision to decline running back Mark Ingram's fifth-year option was a matter of financials, not lack of faith.
According to the 2011 collective bargaining agreement, every rookie automatically signs a four-year contract. Teams have the option to pick up a fifth year for players selected in the first round.
The team exercised that option on defensive end Cam Jordan, but declined to pick up Ingram's, who they traded up to get at No. 28 in the 2011 draft. Jordan, who was selected by the Saints with the No. 24 pick in that draft, will have a base salary of $6.97 million in 2015.
Ingram would have received a $5.2 million base salary for 2015 if the Saints had picked up the option. He will now become a free agent at the end of this season.
"That's a financial decision. The amount of the tender vs what the market for running backs has been," Loomis said in a press conference on Wednesday. "We like Mark, we told Mark before we made that decision that it wasn't reflective of what we thought about him, it was just a business decision. ...
"We have high expectations for him and I hope he has a great year."
Ingram's three seasons in New Orleans have been rocky, due to injuries and inconsistent production. He missed five games this season with a toe injury as reports surfaced that he wanted a trade.
However, Ingram came on strong to end the season, rushing for 97 yards and a touchdown in the NFC Wildcard win against the Philadelphia Eagles.
In three seasons, he has carried the ball 356 times for 1,462 yards and 11 touchdowns.
While the size of the illegal immigrant workforce in this country has changed little since the worst of the recession, a substantial number of these unauthorized workers have moved into better-paying white-collar jobs, according to a new study by the Pew Research Center.
For sure, a solid majority of the 8.3 million illegal immigrants continue to work in low-skilled service, construction and production jobs. Yet the number of unauthorized immigrants in management or professional related jobs grew by 180,000 since the 2007-2009 Great Recession, while the number in construction or production jobs fell by about 475,000.
Related: Obama's Immigration Order Blocked by Federal Judge
The findings are “a reflection of changes in the overall economy” since the recession, according to demographics experts Jeffrey S. Passel and D'Vera Cohn, essentially mirroring rises and declines in the overall U.S. economy.
The share of all unauthorized immigrant workers with management and professional jobs grew to 13 percent in 2012 from 10 percent in 2007, according to the study, while the share with construction or production jobs declined to 29 percent from 34 percent.
“Certainly the economy has moved more in that direction. Overall the white collar workforce has grown and the blue-collar work force has declined in the last few years, so in that sense the unauthorized immigrant workforce is just reflecting the larger economic trend,” Cohn said in an interview today. “What we don't know is whether the people who” previously were in blue collar jobs are the ones holding those jobs now.
“It seems implausible that people who were construction laborers five years ago are now software developers,” she added. “In many cases these are different people, although some people may have moved up the ladder.”
Passel noted that many illegal immigrants have now lived and worked in the U.S for ten years or more and have been able to land better jobs in their occupational fields, such as managers, while others have obtained work permits under the president's executive action or decided to overstay their visas. “Remember, now there are about 600,000 people who have gotten work permits under the Dream Act, and those are all people who went to college pretty much,” he said.
Even with these shifts, illegal immigrant workers remain concentrated in lower-skill jobs, much more so than American-born workers, according to the new estimates, which are based on government data. According to the study, 62 percent held service construction and production jobs in 2012, twice the share of U.S.-born workers who did.
The 13 percent share with management or professional jobs is less than half of the 36 percent of U.S.-born workers in those occupations, Pew said.
Related: Immigration Fight with Obama Risks Republican Unity
These new findings come at a time when the new Republican controlled Congress and President Obama are deadlocked over immigration policy – particularly the president's highly controversial executive orders to protect most illegal immigrants from deportation and to grant many of them legal status to enable them to more readily find and keep jobs.
Republicans threatened to partially shut down the Department of Homeland Security in a move to block implementation of the executive orders, but backed down at the last minute. Still, Obama's new policies have been held in abeyance pending a federal court challenge in Texas.
Many conservatives are enraged that Obama would take actions to essentially assist illegal immigrants or foreign workers with temporary visas to compete with unemployed Americans for jobs during the middling economic recovery.
Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-AL), a leading conservative opponent of Obama's amnesty policies, has charged that the president's immigration policies are hurting average American workers.
Sessions has noted that since the 2007 recession, most employment gains in the U.S. have gone to imported workers instead of American citizens. “On immigration, the president remains wedded to a lawless policy that serves only the interest of an international elite while reducing jobs and benefits for everyday Americans,” he told Breitbart.com in January.
Top Reads From The Fiscal Times
Pat Robertson has made many controversial statements over the years, such as suggesting that the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks were God's punishment for the U.S. tolerating abortion and homosexuality. His critics are usually those on the politically opposite spectrum of the conservative Christian leader, or outside the Christian faith.
But the television evangelist's most recent statements -- condoning divorce when a spouse has Alzheimer's -- appears to have offended many Christians who feel it violates the sanctity of marriage and that most cherished of marriage vows: Til death do us part.
The controversy stems from comments Robertson made recently on the "700 Club" program on Christian Broadcast Network. His comments came in response to a caller who said that a friend had begun dating other women while his wife lies seriously ill with Alzheimer's, and justifies it by saying that "his wife, as he knows her, is gone."
Robertson said he agrees with the man: "What he says basically is correct. I know it sounds cruel, but if he's going to do something, he should divorce her and start all over again, but make sure she has custodial care and somebody looking after her."
His co-host pressed Robertson about whether that violates the marriage vows. Robertson responded that Alzheimer's "is a kind of death" and added, "I certainly wouldn't put a guilt trip on you" for choosing divorce in such a scenario.
The comments on Christianity Today's news blog were nearly universal in their criticism and disappointment:
"I am horrified by Robertson's response!" said one.
Many of the commenters said they were outraged, and described how they -- or a mother or father -- lovingly cared for a spouse with Alzheimer's.
"Such irresponsible, callous comments made by Robertson. My father cared for my mother who was diagnosed with Alzheimer's at age 55...until the day he placed her ravaged body in the grave. He kept his vows. Be ashamed of yourself, Pat Robertson."
On Twitter, Walter Price, who identifies himself as a pastor, said: "Pat Robertson is WRONG on his alzheimers statement. Un-Christlike; unbiblical; dead wrong! So sad!"
And Russell D. Moore, dean of the school of theology at Southern Baptist Theological Seminary in Louisville, Ky., wrote in an article at Baptist Press News, "This is more than an embarrassment. This is more than cruelty. This is a repudiation of the Gospel of Jesus Christ."
Robertson did not respond to an interview request from The Times submitted to Christian Broadcast Network.
ALSO:
Selling off the Sahara in Sin City
Cesar Chavez's home is designated national historic site
Hey 'Star Wars' fans, stop us if you've heard this one before...
--Rene Lynch
Twitter / renelynch
Photo: Pat Robertson. (AP Photo / Clem Britt)
MONTREAL – Popular ride-sharing app Uber, which, for all intents and purposes, is a taxi company, has announced it will leave Québec after being asked to follow the same rules already applied to all taxi companies in the province.
Specifically, the province asked that Uber drivers undergo the same level of training that is already required for all taxi drivers in Québec. Uber announced on Tuesday that it will be leaving the province on October 14th due to these “challenging” and “severe” regulations that every other taxi company has abided by for years.
“What possible benefit to the consumer is there in having a better-trained driver behind the wheel of any of our vehicles?” said Uber Québec's general manager Jean-Nicolas Guillemette at a news conference today. “This is a blatant case of unfairly singling out one company for an unreasonable level of regulation that is exactly the same amount of regulation already applied to other similar companies. Québec is clearly anti-business.”
Uber, which allows users to request that a driver come to a location, pick them up and drive them to a second location for a fee, insists that this model is completely different than what a taxi is. “You can't just apply the same rules to Uber as you do to taxis, because we're not a taxi company. We're a multi-million dollar anti-regulation lobbying group. Uh.. wait, I mean we're an algorithm designed with zero regard for worker's rights. No! I mean we're disruptors!” explained an increasingly uncomfortable Guillemette. He quickly added that “rules are for losers.”
Taxi companies in Québec welcomed the news and have announced their intention to use this as an opportunity to change nothing whatsoever about the way in which they conduct business.
If you're in the UK and feel like you're missing out on US Netflix content, that's because you probably are.
In fact, you're probably missing a massive amount, as the latest figures from Netflix show.
The US has the largest library, with 5,638 titles on offer as of October 26. Compare that to us Brits, who have 4,693 titles available.
Netflix CBS
Netflix in Canada has more content than the UK with 5,179 titles, while Australia comes in behind the others with 4,196 titles.
It's worth pointing out that the vast difference in what's on offer isn't really Netflix's fault, since each country has different licensing deals affecting what it can and can't show.
Netflix UK has also been steadily adding TV shows and movies over the past year – it's up from around 3,200 this time last year.
Digital Spy reached out to Netflix for comment.
Netflix
In other news, market research company Nielsen recently claimed that it may be able to reveal Netflix's ratings, which the streaming giant is famously elusive about.
It comes as part of a new system for measuring audience data on VOD subscription platforms generally.
"There are about 12,000 shows that appear on Netflix that have not been measured in the past," Megan Clarken, a Nielsen executive, told Variety.
"This provides measurement across some 12,000 of those assets, and we will extend it to the SVOD services that are not measured today."
Netflix said that it is not cooperating with the effort, however, explaining in a statement: "The data that Nielsen is reporting is not accurate, not even close, and does not reflect the viewing of these shows on Netflix."
This isn't the first time that Netflix has refused to give away its ratings, its chief executive Reed Hastings explaining last year that "it's competitive information. It tells HBO what kind of shows to produce."
Want up-to-the-minute entertainment news and features? Just hit 'Like' on our Digital Spy Facebook page and 'Follow' on our @digitalspy Twitter account and you're all set.
A newly released intelligence report from the Pentagon shows that the U.S. government knew that supporting jihadists in the fight against Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad would produce a fundamentalist Islamic State in Eastern Syria — and that Obama's supposed “anti-ISIS” coalition knowingly backed ISIS and other Islamic terrorists for precisely that purpose. The heavily redacted Defense Department report, obtained by watchdog Judicial Watch via Freedom of Information Act lawsuit, shows once again that, contrary to the false narrative peddled by the establishment press, the rise of the savage terror group known as ISIS was actually deliberate policy. Now, the fruits of that plot are becoming clearer as the body count continues to skyrocket.
The 2012 Defense Intelligence Agency report is very blunt about the objectives. “The West, Gulf countries [the Islamic regimes ruling Saudi Arabia, Qatar, United Arab Emirates, etc.], and Turkey support the Syrian opposition,” it explains, adding that, as The New American reported at the time, al-Qaeda supported the Syrian uprising from the beginning as well. “There is the possibility of establishing a declared or undeclared Salafist [fundamentalist Islam] principality in Eastern Syria (Hasaka and Der Zor), and this is exactly what the supporting powers to the opposition want, in order to isolate the Syrian regime.” (Emphasis added.) Of course, that is also exactly what happened when ISIS declared the establishment of its “caliphate” in Eastern Syria and parts of Iraq.
The DIA report also exposes the lies propagated by the Obama administration, senior U.S. lawmakers, and foreign leaders to dupe Americans into allowing the U.S. government to support non-existent “moderate” rebels in Syria. According to the classified document, which was released by a court order, U.S. authorities were well aware of the fact that, as reported by The New American shortly after it began, the rebellion against Assad was being led by radical jihadists — including many of the same forces the U.S. government was ostensibly fighting against in the terror war. “The Salafist, the Muslim Brotherhood, and AQI [Al Qaeda in Iraq] are the major forces driving the insurgency in Syria,” stated the report, which was dated August 12, 2012, long after The New American and other media outlets exposed that same fact.
The Defense Department's intelligence analysts also warned of the consequences all of the machinations could have on Iraq. “This creates the ideal atmosphere for AQI [al-Qaeda Iraq] to return to its old pockets in Mosul and Ramadi, and will provide a renewed momentum under the presumption of unifying the jihad among Sunni Iraq and Syria, and the rest of the Sunnis in the Arab world against what it considers one enemy, the dissenters,” the report explained, pointing to two cities in Iraq that are now under ISIS control. “ISI [Islamic State in Iraq] could also declare an Islamic state through its union with other terrorist organizations in Iraq and Syria, which will create grave danger in regards to unifying Iraq and the protection of its territory.”
The New American magazine and many other sources have been reporting much of that information almost since the start of the Western establishment-backed “rebellion” against the Syrian regime. However, some analysts are now calling the DIA report a “smoking gun.” Among other points, the documents offer further proof that the rise of ISIS, due largely to the foreign policy of the Obama administration and its allies, was not the result of an accident or stupidity — but of deliberate planning. However, Vice President Joe Biden and Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman General Martin Dempsey had already let the cat at least partially out of the bag.
Speaking at Harvard last year, Biden directly contradicted the Obama administration's propaganda about arming “moderate” rebels in Syria. “The fact is, the ability to identify a moderate middle in Syria, um, was, uh — there was no moderate middle,” he explained, adding that Obama's anti-ISIS coalition had armed, trained, and funded al Qaeda and ISIS to wage war on Assad. General Dempsey, meanwhile, responding to a question by pro-Syrian jihad senator Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) about U.S. allies supporting ISIS, explained: “I know of major Arab allies who fund them.” Of course, the CIA, the U.S. Defense Department, and the U.S. State Department were also instrumental in the fomenting the rise of ISIS.
Similarly, as is now common knowledge, the Obama administration, acting under United Nations orders rather than a declaration of war from Congress as required by the Constitution, backed self-styled al-Qaeda leaders in the war against Libyan dictator Muammar Gadhafi. Analysts and even top U.S. military officials blasted it as “switching sides” in the terror war. The fruits in Libya are clear, too — the nation has become what Senator Rand Paul referred to as a “jihadist wonderland,” a failed state in which terrorist groups run wild. Gadhafi, of course, despite being a brutal dictator, was a U.S. government ally in its terror war prior to being targeted for “regime change” and summary execution by Western-backed jihadists.
Other newly released official U.S. documents obtained by Judicial Watch also show that the Obama administration was fully aware that weapons were being shipped from Benghazi to Syrian jihadists — another story that the alternative media broke years ago. The U.S. government reports also show that the Obama administration knew the assault on the secret U.S. compound in the Libyan city was a well-planned terror attack, even as officials were falsely claiming otherwise on television. “These documents are jaw-dropping,” said Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton. “No wonder we had to file more FOIA lawsuits and wait over two years for them.”
“If the American people had known the truth — that Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton and other top administration officials knew that the Benghazi attack was an al-Qaeda terrorist attack from the get-go — and yet lied and covered this fact up — Mitt Romney might very well be president,” he said, adding that the documents prove an ongoing cover-up surrounding Benghazi. “And why would the Obama administration continue to support the Muslim Brotherhood even after it knew it was tied to the Benghazi terrorist attack and to al Qaeda? These documents also point to connection between the collapse in Libya and the ISIS war — and confirm that the U.S. knew remarkable details about the transfer of arms from Benghazi to Syrian jihadists.”
Unsurprisingly, while the explosive revelations are receiving a great deal of attention in the alternative press — much of which had already been exposing the machinations for years — the establishment media has barely uttered a word about it. ZeroHedge, Infowars, The Levant Report, Lew Rockwell, the Ron Paul Liberty Report, and others have all highlighted the contents. In the “mainstream” press, though, the only notable exception to the bizarre silence was the U.K. Sunday Times, which reported on May 24 that the DIA report “has prompted accusations that President Barack Obama lied when he claimed to have been blindsided by an intelligence failure after Isis swept into Iraq early last year.”
Analysts suggested that the media silence may be related to the establishment press's bizarre parroting of outlandish and easily discredited Obama administration talking points in the run up to the attempted “regime change” war on Syria. “Throughout the early years of the Syria crisis, the U.S. and U.K. governments, and almost universally the West's mainstream media, promoted Syria's rebels as moderate, liberal, secular, democratic, and therefore deserving of the West's support,” former British Army and Metropolitan Police counter-terrorism intelligence officer Charles Shoebridge told Nafeez Ahmed with Insurge Intelligence. “Given that these documents wholly undermine this assessment, it's significant that the West's media has now, despite their immense significance, almost entirely ignored them.”
The DIA document was widely circulated throughout the U.S. government — the State Department, Central Command, the Department of Homeland Security, the CIA, the FBI, and other agencies would have all seen it, according to media reports. That means its contents, and therefore, the engineered rise of the Islamic State (ISIS) to “isolate” Assad, would not have been a surprise to U.S. officials. In other words, in addition to supporting the most violent and barbaric jihadists on the planet while ostensibly waging a liberty-crushing “terror war,” top-level government officials have been lying to the American people and the world. It is time for the perpetrators to be held accountable.
Photo: AP Images
Alex Newman, a foreign correspondent for The New American, is normally based in Europe. Follow him on Twitter @ALEXNEWMAN_JOU. He can be reached at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Related articles:
ISIS: The Best Terror Threat U.S. Tax Money Can Buy
Obama's “Anti-ISIS” Coalition Built ISIS, Biden Admits
Obama and UN Created Terror State in Libya
Benghazi Report Ignores WH Lies, Obama Gunrunning to Jihadists
Obama's “Moderate Rebels” Sign Deal With ISIS, Report Says
Libya: Now What?
To Battle ISIS Jihadists, Obama Will Arm More Jihadists in Syria
What is the Obama-backed Free Syrian Army?
Obama Helped ISIS in Syria, Now Fights It in Iraq
Christian Massacres: A Result of U.S. Foreign Policy
Chaos Reigns After Obama Gave Libya to Jihadists; Syria May Be Next
Al-Qaeda & the West Back Syrian Rebels Against Assad
Dear Angela,
I've decided that I don't want to be LDS anymore, but because I'm only 16 my parents force me to go to church with them. They say that once I'm over 18 like my brothers I can make my own decisions about how I spend my Sunday mornings. I know my parents love me but I think this is so unfair and I don't think it's their place to tell me what to believe. Do you think it's possible for me to get them to change their rules? Or what is a good way to deal with this situation?
Thanks,
No Church for Amy
Dear No Church for Amy,
It's tough having parental rules that you don't agree with, Amy, but a real positive in all of this is that you recognize that your parents love you and can therefore trust that their motivations are good.
That's where I would start.
In this, as in most tough situations, asking yourself the question, “what are the positives?” is a good way to change things from bad to great — or at least from bad to not as bad.
So what are the positives in going to church?
Begin by making a list, and remember there is no positive that is too small. Maybe the only positive that you can think of is that it's the one day a week that you get to dress up. Or, maybe you like to sing, so singing the hymns in sacrament meetings of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, isn't all that bad. Maybe you like the Young Women activities, maybe you like the boys, maybe you like voicing your unique perspective in Sunday School, etc., etc. Think of as many positives as you possibly can and make those the focus of your next two (final two?) years at home.
This is not a promise that overnight you're going to love going to church, but as you focus on what is positive, uplifting and good about your situation, you'll put yourself in charge of how you feel, and that will cause some of the unpleasant feelings to subside.
Beyond that, no one, not even your parents, can force you to believe something that you don't believe. They may have house rules that you need to live by, but religious beliefs are deeply personal, and developing or not developing a testimony is up to you. Spend some time thinking about what you do believe. Ask yourself questions like "why would parent who love me want me to be in church on Sunday?" "Why is it important to them?" and "On any level, are those things important to me, too?" Then search for answers.
It's OK to be undecided or to not know everything right now, but this process will be a really powerful experience for you.
Be patient with yourself and those who love you; be positive about your circumstances, and everything will work out.
Hope this helps!
Love,
Angela
Readers: This is just one perspective, what suggestions would you give our friend? Have you experienced a similar situation?
To learn more about "No Church for Amy's" story, visit our Facebook Page and blog.
By Terrence T. McDonald
The Jersey Journal
With Jersey City's mayoral and City Council races fast approaching, politicians citywide are doing all they can to raise cash to pay for fliers, newspaper ads, campaign workers and everything else they need to give them an advantage at the polls.
So far the four major entities raising dough for the nonpartisan Nov. 7 race -- the mayoral campaigns of the two major candidates, incumbent Steve Fulop and challenger Bill Matsikoudis; the joint campaigns of each of their council slates; and the Jersey City Democratic Committee, which is controlled by Fulop -- have raised $2,678,945.
Fulop's campaign accounts for most of that, raising $1.9 million in the last four years. His council slate has brought in $320,264, followed by Matsikoudis, who has raised $307,081. The JCDC has raised $140,400 and Matsikoudis' council ticket has taken in $60,230. Candidates in the nine council races have reported raising an additional $719,926 on their own.
That's $3.4 million total. So who is giving them all that money?
Two volunteer paleontologists have found one of the largest T. Rex skeletons ever. The new specimen is especially notable because the 2,500-pound skull is mostly intact, making it only the 15th complete skull in the world. It has a cutesy name — "Tufts-Love Rex," after the people who found it — and could tell us more about how dinosaurs grew and ate.
Luke Tufts and Jason Love, paleontology volunteers at Seattle's Burke Museum, discovered their dinosaur at Montana's Hell Creek Formation, a site often called "a paleontologist's dream" because important fossils of fish, reptiles, mammals and, yes, T. Rex and Triceraptops have all been found there. The volunteers — part of a University of Washington expedition — spent a month this summer excavating the bones. So far, they've unearthed a fifth of the body, including the pelvis, skull, and part of its jaw. There's probably more of the skeleton still in the ground.
We know some important things about Tufts-Love based on what we have of the skeleton so far. It's about 85 percent the size of the biggest T. Rex ever found and probably lived 66.3 million years ago, close to when the dinosaurs ended up going extinct. From the size of the skull, we can tell that Tufts-Love only lived for about 15 years, half of the usual T. Rex lifespan.
It's Tuft-Love's 4-foot skull that's most exciting. A team of 45 people spent weeks digging it out from under 20 tons of rock. It's the shape of the skull that confirmed that Tufts Love was, in fact, a T. Rex. T. Rexes, famous for their role in film and popular culture, were about 20 feet tall and 40 feet long.
Tufts-Love will tell us "important information about the growth and possible eating habits of these magnificent animals," according to Burke Museum researcher Jack Horner.
The skull will be displayed at the Burke until October, when scientists begin studying it in earnest. The team will look for more pieces next summer.
This frozen woolly mammoth changes human history
Buy Photo Detroit jazz trumpet legend Marcus Belgrave, shown in 2012, has died. He was 78. (Photo: Jarrad Henderson, Detroit Free Press)Buy Photo
Marcus Belgrave, a world-class trumpeter and the reigning patriarch of Detroit's jazz scene, fought heart and pulmonary issues for years and used oxygen 24 hours a day. But you would hardly know it to hear him play.
Belgrave still lit up bandstands from here to New York with his clarion tone, soulful improvisations and charismatic personality. And just as he had done for the last 45 years in Detroit, he mentored young musicians, initiating them into the expressive glories of jazz.
Belgrave's heart finally gave out today at age 78. Death has silenced his horn, but his legacy will remain immortal.
Related: Listen to and watch Marcus Belgrave on record and video
Archives: Jazz artist Marcus Belgrave reunited with stolen trumpet
Belgrave died at Glacier Hills, a care and rehabilitation facility in Ann Arbor. His wife, vocalist Joan Belgrave, said he died in his sleep. The cause of death was heart failure. He had been in and out of the hospital since April 19, battling complications of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and congestive heart failure. But he had also shown signs of steady improvement and was practicing daily. His wife said they had spent Saturday preparing for his return to the stage at the Concert of Colors in July.
His last public appearance was April 17 in Durham, N.C., as part of a "trumpet summit" with Russell Gunn and Rayse Biggs, but Belgrave continued to play in his hospital bed, including brief jam sessions with fellow musicians.
It's impossible to overstate the impact that Belgrave has had on musical culture in Detroit as a musician, teacher and standard-bearer of jazz. Like an African griot, he came to embody the soul and mythology of the city's jazz history, handing down the values of swing and blues to multiple generations of students — many of whose fame would eventually outshine his own. Belgrave symbolized Detroit's continued vitality as an incubator and epicenter of jazz, and he remained a key link between the city and the international jazz scene.
"He became a mentor to entire generations of musicians, and a lot of us would not have found the music without him," said bassist Rodney Whitaker. "He brought us together. I have not met one musician from the last 50 years in Detroit that Marcus has not had some sort of impact on."
Belgrave's A-list resume included a long tenure with Ray Charles in the 1950s and early '60s and associations with jazz royalty like Max Roach and Charles Mingus. Ultimately, however, Belgrave's greatest contribution was the remarkable honor roll of his former students who graduated to leading roles on the national scene — including pianist Geri Allen, bassists Whitaker and Robert Hurst, alto saxophonist Kenny Garrett, violinist Regina Carter, and drummers Karriem Riggins, Ali Jackson and Gerald Cleaver.
Belgrave took his advanced students under his wing, hiring them for gigs that provided critical on-the-job training.
"With Marcus there was a pipeline from high school right into a safety zone in the scene," Allen told the Free Press in 2012. "We saw the passion and the professionalism up close. What Marcus has done for Detroit and what he's done for all of us — he truly is a national treasure. How much we all love him can't be expressed in words."
Most of Belgrave's teaching came under the umbrella of his Jazz Development Workshop, a shoestring operation. The students who became stars are by no means the whole story, because Belgrave's influence extends to protegees like bassist Marion Hayden, who has become a pillar of the Detroit scene as a player and teacher. Then there are the countless inner city kids who didn't become professional musicians but whom Belgrave helped keep on the straight and narrow.
"If you factor in those of us who also became mentors because of his example, Marcus has changed the lives of thousands of students," said Whitaker, who directs the jazz program at Michigan State University.
Belgrave — who was born in Pennsylvania but settled in Detroit in 1963 after roughly five years with Ray Charles — could have had a larger national profile had he remained in New York. Mingus once lamented that he couldn't afford to pry the trumpeter out of Detroit. "If I had Marcus Belgrave, I'd have the greatest band going," the bassist-composer told Down Beat magazine in 1975.
But fame and fortune were never Belgrave's goals.
"Actually, I feel famous, because I've been able to survive playing music in Detroit," Belgrave told the Free Press in 2012. "Major musicians would say, 'What is Marcus doing in Detroit?' But I had to find a place where I belonged, and where I could have an impact. Being around all of this young talent gave me a sense of community and a purpose. I became a catalyst."
Belgrave's cult status grew once his famous protégés began trumpeting his name in interviews in the 1980s. In the 1990s, work with Wynton Marsalis and the Jazz at Lincoln Center Orchestra, a handful of New York gigs and a few sideman appearances on CDs with Allen and others bumped up his visibility a bit.
Belgrave's identity on the trumpet was unique. Initially inspired by Clifford Brown, his sound was broad and lustrous, and his solos unfolded in complete paragraphs of cogent melody, rhythmic wit and emotional resonance. As he reached his full maturity as an improviser in the 1970s, Belgrave favored the road less traveled, marrying down-home soul with spontaneous, offbeat tangents.
"I'm trying to hear the whole picture of the piece," Belgrave told the Free Press. "The improvisation comes in as a part of being able to feel the whole framework of a song and then you work your way into the flow. I want to play like a singer and feel the rapture of the song."
Belgrave's ability to remain himself in a myriad of styles was a calling card. He's recorded bebop, blues, ballads, funk, fusion, free jazz, post-bop and in recent decades worked all over the country playing and singing the Louis Armstrong songbook with spot-on authenticity.
Belgrave, who stood just 5 feet 4 inches tall, was an elfin figure with twinkling eyes, a gravelly voice and a bebopper's beard that in later years turned more salt than pepper. He commanded a spiritual force that elevated the musicianship of a band even when he was simply in the audience as a listener.
"He's the epitome of soul and taste," Marsalis told the Free Press in 2009. "His sound is just so evocative, and he's a master of swing and blues. When he walks into a room, he brings a good time with him."
Despite his up-and-down health, Belgrave practiced religiously, putting in two hours a day on the horn, even when he landed periodically in the hospital. His doctors said the trumpet kept him alive, helping his respiration and allowing him to get everything he could out of his weakened lungs. The continued vitality of his playing astounded his fellow musicians and earned him critical accolades.
In his appearance at Dizzy's Club in New York last July, Belgrave was especially proud to lead a band comprised of all current Detroiters and proteges. Critic Ben Ratliff wrote in the New York Times that the show was an example of the kind of music that doesn't often get headlines: "Jazz played with a beautiful sense of proportion, modesty, refinement; using the full range of his instrument but free of aggression, anxiety, overplaying. (Belgrave) let the essence of the songs manifest themselves. It's the result, maybe, of understanding something and then rendering it so that it coheres and can be passed on intact."
A bebop baby
Marcus Belgrave was born on June 12, 1936, in Chester, Pa., a manufacturing town near Philadelphia. He started blowing a bugle at 4 and a trumpet at 6, taught by his father, a fine amateur musician. Belgrave's cousin was baritone saxophonist Cecil Payne, who played with Dizzy Gillespie's big band, and it wasn't long before Payne was teaching Belgrave to play bebop melodies by Charlie Parker.
At 12, Belgrave began studying with a local teacher and performing with a concert band in nearby Wilmington, Del., that included Clifford Brown, six years older and on his way to becoming a major influence in jazz. Brown took a shine to Belgrave and helped him learn to improvise by writing out a solo for him on the chords to "How High the Moon."
Belgrave joined the Air Force after high school and played in a service band stationed in Wichita Falls, Texas. One night he sat in with the Ray Charles band at a concert. Belgrave was back in Chester in 1958, when Charles offered him a job as second trumpet. He was 21.
Charles had a hot small band working at the intersection of rhythm and blues, jazz and gospel. For Belgrave, the experience was like graduate school.
"I had to learn patience," Belgrave told the Free Press. "I wanted to play bebop, but I had to learn to play the blues. I played too many notes. And Ray would play such slow ballads that I'd be through eight bars before he got through one. But eventually he let me play obbligatos behind him on a ballad."
Belgrave made his first recordings with Charles, playing brassy solos full of bebop curlicues on "Blues Waltz" (1958) and "Alexander's Ragtime Band" (1959). He can also be heard to good advantage on "Fathead: Ray Charles Presents David Newman," taped with Charles' band in 1958.
Belgrave worked with Charles until 1963, except for a year and a half when he lived in New York. While based in the city, he toured for two months with drummer Max Roach and recorded with Charles Mingus on "Pre-Bird" (1960). He also worked with drummer Charli Persip and saxophonist and former Detroiter Yusef Lateef. Belgrave surely would have found wider fame had he not turned down potentially career-defining opportunities to play with Duke Ellington's big band and Horace Silver's quintet. Belgrave said in both cases he didn't want to return to the grind of life on the road.
Belgrave settled in Detroit in 1963, lured by the city's reputation as a jazz mecca and the former stomping grounds of Pontiac-born Thad Jones, whom Belgrave revered. The promise of steady work in the Motown studios was also a magnet, and he played on numerous Motown sides in 1963-64.
Belgrave fell into teaching in 1970. His friend, pianist Harold McKinney, recruited him to work for Detroit's Metropolitan Arts Complex, a federally funded Model Cities program. Belgrave, a natural communicator, found the energy and excitement of the students intoxicating. Belgrave created the Jazz Development Workshop in the early '70s, and there were also more formal posts along the way at Oakland University and elsewhere.
Belgrave also became involved in Detroit's legendary Tribe, a '70s cooperative that ran a record label and produced concerts. Belgrave's first LP under his own name, "Gemini II," a progressive jazz-rock fusion album, was made for Tribe in 1974.
Belgrave later made numerous recordings for his own Detroit Jazz Musicians Co-Op label, including two exemplary CDs in the 1990s: "Live at the Kerrytown Concert House" (with Detroit pianists Tommy Flanagan, Geri Allen and Gary Schunk) and "Working Together," which documents Belgrave's partnership with the late drummer and composer Lawrence Williams. Limited distribution prevented these recordings from making a bigger splash.
In later decades, Belgrave also appeared on recordings by Allen, Kirk Lightsey, McCoy Tyner, Horace Tapscott, Junko Onishi, Robert Hurst and David Murray.
In recent years, Belgrave found a measure of financial security by accepting a teaching post at Oberlin from 2001-2010, and he was awarded the $50,000 Kresge Eminent Artist prize in 2009.
Belgrave's 2007 marriage to Joan Belgrave, his third wife, a singer with whom he often performed, also brought stability to his life. Joan helped him manage his business affairs and monitored his health.
In addition to his wife, Belgrave is survived by daughters Akua Belgrave and Marcia Monroe; sons Marcus Jr. Belgrave and Kasan Belgrave; a stepdaughter, Alia McCants; stepsons Kenan Smith and Landon Smith; a sister, Eudora Muhammad; brothers Lemmuel, Darnley and Louie; six grandchildren and one great-grandchild.
Services will be at 11 a.m. Saturday at Greater Grace Temple, 23500 W. Seven Mile, Detroit. A gathering will follow at the Carr Center, 311 E. Grand River Ave., Detroit.
Belgrave's life stood as a monument to the continuum of jazz history, and he was sustained by a profound understanding of community, character and fellowship. Connecting his trumpet playing and his teaching was a respect for the past as a springboard to the future. The greatest lesson of all in jazz, he once said, was to be an individual.
"In order to get to the future, you have to go to the past," he told the Free Press. "I try to instill that you learn from the masters in your presence and go back and forward from there. In order to find yourself, you have to be cognizant of what went down before you. That's always been my philosophy."
Contact Mark Stryker: 313-222-6459. mstryker@freepress.com
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/1Hqlnx6
Cook County State's Attorney Kim Foxx is instructing prosecutors to urge judges to let nonviolent defendants go free pending trial. View Full Caption Facebook/SAKimFoxx
COOK COUNTY CRIMINAL COURTHOUSE — Under a new plan from Cook County State's Attorney Kim Foxx, prosecutors have begun urging judges to let nonviolent defendants go free — without having to post a cash bond — pending trial.
Included among those who prosecutors will recommend go free? Those arrested for assault and battery — as long as they don't have a violent history prior to the charge.
Foxx said in a statement Monday that it's typically poor defendants that end up being held in jail prior to a conviction and not necessarily the most violent or most-prone to flight risk.
“Routinely detaining people accused of low-level offenses who have not yet been convicted of anything, simply because they are poor, is not only unjust, it undermines the public's confidence in the fairness of the system," Foxx said in a statement Monday.
RELATED: Kim Foxx Working To Free Poor People Stuck In Jail Over Unpaid Bonds
During a typical bond hearing, prosecutors first present allegations against a defendant before detailing that person's criminal history, if any, but typically do not make a bond recommendation.
Public defenders or private defense attorneys then typically recommend a lenient bond while offering a judge any information to suggest the defendant is not dangerous or a flight risk (e.g. family ties, employment, community involvement).
Now, under Foxx's plan, prosecutors will also mention bond — urging judges to let nonviolent defendants go free on their own recognizance.
According to Foxx's office, prosecutors will consider recommending recognizance bonds for those who don't have any prior violent criminal history and are charged with misdemeanors or what she referred to as "low-level" felonies that could result in probation sentences, if someone is convicted.
In addition to assault and battery, charges include possession of a controlled substance, delivery of a controlled substance, retail theft, driving on a suspended or revoked license, aggravated DUI (where no one is injured), criminal damage to property, resisting arrest, burglary and possession of a stolen motor vehicle.
Ultimately, a bond court judge has the final say — and still can set any bond he or she chooses. If a judge doesn't agree with prosecutors, defendants can still be held on money bond or denied bail completely.
RELATED: Shoplifting Under $1,000 Will No Longer Be A Felony, Kim Foxx Says
“For too long, prosecutors have abdicated our responsibility by not participating in this process," Foxx said. "With this policy change, we recognize the role our office can play in decreasing the over-reliance on pre-trial detention.”
In March, Foxx announced plans to work with the Cook County Sheriff's Office to identify and release nonviolent defendants being held in Cook County Jail, 2700 S. California Ave., before they cannot afford to post $1,000 or less. In December, Foxx instructed assistant state's attorneys to only pursue felony charges for retail theft if someone steals more than $1,000 worth of merchandise or has 10 prior felony convictions. Previously, shoplifters could be charged with a felony for stealing $300 to $500 worth of merchandise.
Cook County Sheriff Tom Dart came out last year in favor of eliminating money bonds, which he dubbed costly and ineffective. Cook County Board President Toni Preckwinkle in October called for a public hearing on bond reform — arguing that unnecessary incarceration wastes taxpayer money.
RELATED: Cook County Should Eliminate Cash Bonds, Sheriff Says
"Often, as I'm walking through the jail, I'm talking to people who are no more dangerous to society than you and me," Dart said last year. "People are in here because they committed an insignificant crime and can't pay an insignificant bond because they're poor."
Dart argued that defendants should only be held in jail pending trial for two reasons: They're either a flight risk or too dangerous to society to roam free. Dart estimates it costs at least $150 a day to house an inmate.
The Obama Administration announced on Thursday that it will create 48 national charging corridors for electric vehicles, covering off 25,000 miles of U.S. highways running through 35 states. The initiative will include a partnership between 28 states, local utilities, EV charging companies and carmakers GM, BMW and Nissan.
Reuters reports that the combination of stakeholders is designed to help “jump start” the addition of more EV charging stations into the mix, perhaps accelerating the pace beyond what any individual concern working along would be able to accomplish.
One company that has already been trying to blanket the country in accessible charging stations for electric vehicles is Tesla, which passed the 700 mark for Supercharger sites globally earlier this year. Tesla plans to expand the network even further across the U.S. this year, as you can see from its projected Supercharger location map current as of this writing:
In June, the White House announced the expansion of a federal loan program for promoting EV used to include hardware and software for charging facilities, with a max loan value of $4.5 billion total across the program for energy programs. At that time, the administration announced it was partnering with around 50 stakeholders, including automakers like Tesla, GM, Ford, Nissan, BMW, and Daimler to promote EV charging station creation.
Texas Representative Ron Reynolds has filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy.According to court documents, Reynolds claims he owes $1.3 million to creditors, including $3,000 just in unpaid tolls. He claimed assets including his home, valued at over $558,000.The Missouri City democrat says he's only made $4,000 so far this year. Compare that to last year, when he claimed income over $181,000.He was convicted last year in Montgomery County of illegally soliciting clients. His license to practice law was suspended as result of the conviction. He's appealing the conviction.In April, a judge ordered Reynolds to pay over $500,000 to a former client after ruling he failed to pay her the money she was due from a settlement. Nancy Calloway's daughter was killed in an awful wreck in 2010. Calloway told us in May she wasn't buying her daughter's headstone until Reynolds gave her the money he owed."I want to put 'Rest in peace.' That's what you put. It's been six years," said Calloway.Reynolds is in a bid for re-election and some consider him to be the favorite in the heavily democratic district he represents. He has a fundraiser set for next Tuesday.Refusing to talk specifics about the bankruptcy, he tells us in part, "I'm staying focused on serving my community and being the voice that speaks out for them on the issues that matter to them, like school funding, affordable healthcare, economic development and criminal justice reforms."Reynolds has said previously his legal troubles are personal issues that will not affect his ability to legislate.
Thanks to an epic collapse by the Green Bay Packers, the Seattle Seahawks won on Sunday and advanced to the Super Bowl, extending their season an additional two weeks. This is relevant to the Detroit Lions because Seahawks defensive coordinator Dan Quinn can't officially be hired by the Atlanta Falcons until after the Super Bowl, and Lions defensive coordinator Teryl Austin is also a finalist for that job. Will the Falcons be willing to wait for Quinn, or will they just simply hire Austin?
As it stands right now, it's pretty clear that Quinn is getting the job. He's been widely viewed as the favorite for the job, and he's reportedly scheduled to speak with the Falcons again on Monday. What's more, Adam Schefter reports that the Falcons are indeed willing to wait another two weeks to hire Quinn.
As if that's not evidence enough that Quinn is getting the Falcons job, it appears they are already beginning to assemble his coaching staff:
Falcons are hiring Kyle Shanahan as their OC, per league source. Shanahan and Dan Quinn planned to be package deal. — Adam Schefter (@AdamSchefter) January 19, 2015
Austin reportedly was planning on hiring Adam Gase as his offensive coordinator if he got the Falcons job, but clearly that's not happening. With Quinn in line to get the Falcons job and Gary Kubiak headed to Denver, it appears that Austin will be back as defensive coordinator of the Lions for at least one more season. That's obviously great news for the Lions considering Austin helped turn their defense into one of the best units in the entire NFL in 2014.
With Austin drawing interest from five head coaching searches in recent weeks (Falcons, San Francisco 49ers, Buffalo Bills, Chicago Bears and Denver Broncos), it's clear that he's on track to become a head coach at some point. It's got to be disappointing for Austin that it didn't happen this year, but if the Lions defense continues to play at a high level in 2015, he will have an excellent shot at getting a head coaching job a year from now.
In any case, this is extremely good news for the Lions. With so much uncertainty surrounding Ndamukong Suh's future, the last thing the Lions needed this offseason was for their defensive coordinator to leave for another team. Now, though, with Austin likely back, the hope is that the Lions will be able to build on last season's success on defense no matter what ends up happening with Suh.
Following another gruesome hip injury that required season-ending surgery Monday to repair the damage, the career of Ravens tight end Dennis Pitta is now in serious danger.
One year after fracturing and dislocating his right hip during training camp, Pitta underwent surgery after dislocating and fracturing the same hip again during a 23-21 victory over the Cleveland Browns on Sunday. Pitta will be placed on injured reserve, officially ending his season.
Pitta remains in Cleveland as he recuperates from the procedure. Pitta was treated at University Hospitals in Cleveland with Ravens team doctor Leigh Ann Curl consulting with his surgeon.
“Unfortunately, his career is in jeopardy,” said Dr. David Chao, a former San Diego Chargers team doctor and orthopedic surgical specialist who doesn't treat Pitta. “Even if Dennis comes back and plays, he would be at risk for a third dislocation.
“Is it worth it for him to run, jump and work out that hard and cause arthritis and increase his chances of needing a hip replacement early in life a la [former Oakland Raiders running back] Bo Jackson? That's for him to decide. With this information, there's a very real possibility that he could be done.”
Pitta was injured in the second quarter against the Browns, going down without being touched. He was carted off the field and was in obvious pain, covering his face as he headed inside to the locker room to be examined.
"A joint that comes out easily is a joint that will come out again without trauma. That's not being scientific, it's just factual," Chao said. "The answer from a player is always, ‘I want to go back and play.' I know he'll want to play because he's a successful athlete, but is it more important to chase more football games or more important to play catch with little Johnny one day?”
The fact that Pitta was injured without being hit is another major cause for concern. Jackson's career ended prematurely because of avascular necrosis that affected the healing process because of a lack of blood in the hip joint. He eventually had hip replacement surgery.
“For all of us who don't know anything about why those things happen, I'm sure a hip expert can probably explain to us how it could happen,” Ravens coach John Harbaugh said. “He caught the ball, he basically twisted back, and you could see just with one little pivot right there, you could see all of a sudden he didn't have his right leg anymore and stumbled to the ground. I don't know how that can happen.”
Pitta, 29, signed a five-year, $32 million contract in March that included $16 million guaranteed with an $11 million signing bonus. Pitta is due a $1 million base salary while he's on injured reserve. His $4 million base salary in 2015 is fully guaranteed in the event of an injury.
Pitta had 16 receptions for 125 yards this season and no touchdowns. In five NFL seasons, the 2010 fourth-round draft pick from Brigham Young has caught 138 passes for 1,369 yards and 11 touchdowns, including a career-high 61 receptions for 669 yards and seven touchdowns in 2012 during the Ravens' run to the Super Bowl XLVII championship.
Whether Pitta will catch another pass in an NFL game remains up in the air until he can begin rehabilitating his surgically-repaired hip and attempt to regain athletic function.
“That's kind of devastating,” fullback Kyle Juszczyk said. “Dennis isn't just our teammate, he's a really close friend of ours. To see him go down like that, it hurts. We wish him a speedy recovery. We have to push forward, and other guys have to make the most of their opportunities.”
Last year, Pitta was injured during training camp when he landed awkwardly while attempting to make a catch in the back of the end zone and collided with strong safety James Ihedigbo.
Now, Pitta is dealing with the same injury again. It's a blow to the Ravens' offense, robbing it of one of its most reliable and productive downfield targets.
“It's going to be rough over the next day or two, just thinking about it or talking to him and seeing how he feels about it,” said quarterback Joe Flacco, who is Pitta's closest friend on the team. “I know last time he got hurt, he was pretty optimistic about everything. It'll be interesting to talk to him. It's tough.”
When Pitta underwent surgery on his hip last year, doctors told the 2010 fourth-round draft pick that the chance of recurrence was extremely low because of the rarity of the injury and how well the procedure and rehabilitation went.
“I don't know the ramifications of that long-term,” Harbaugh said. “Specialists, as you said, will probably give us some information on that, so I really don't know. I'm going to be really hopeful for Dennis' return, but we'll worry about that in the coming weeks.”
With Pitta sustaining this injury, the Ravens will turn toward two-time Pro Bowl tight end Owen Daniels, as well as rookie tight end Crockett Gillmore. They could also utilize Juszczyk, a hybrid former H-back and tight end at Harvard who caught three passes for 54 yards and a touchdown against the Browns, in a tight end role.
“Those guys are going to be a big, huge part of it,” Harbaugh said. “They're here, so we do have really good players. And the fact that we have Kyle, who can swing in there and play different positions, is a huge plus for us. And you've got to adjust your offense. We're going to play our good players.
“Who goes on the field is going to depend on who our good players are, and how our offensive coaches decide to attack. But we're looking for another tight end. We've been working on that upstairs.”
awilson@baltsun.com
MBC released yesterday two more posters for its upcoming historical melodrama, The King Loves. The two posters feature the drama's main characters played by Im Si-wan (Misaeng), Im Yoon-ah (The K2), and Hong Jong-hyun (Moon Lovers: Scarlet Heart Ryeo).
The first poster below shows Im Si-wan's character staring at Im Yoon-ah's, who looks away from him shyly. Im Si-wan plays the titular character named Wang Won, Goryeo's crown prince who is living a virtuous life but possesses a cruel and ambitious nature deep down. He will fall in love with Yoon-ah's character, Eun San, a gorgeous noblewoman who is the daughter of the wealthiest man in Goryeo. The King Loves centers around Wang Won as he pursues the woman he loves and throne he wants.
Wang Rin, Hong Jong-hyun's character, is Wang Won's rival both in Eun San's heart and the throne. He is seen in the second poster below sitting in front of Wang Won and noticing the presence of Eun San behind the crown prince. He is Wang Won's close childhood friend and bodyguard and this poster shows the kind of relationship they have prior to their rivalry. His relationship with the crown prince will get sour when he falls in love with Eun-san and becomes a threat to the throne.
The two posters are the latest addition to the drama's main promotional materials that were first released in the last week of June. The first teaser of the drama got released first before the first two posters, which also feature Wang Won and Eun San in one and the three main characters together in another.
The King Loves marks Im Si-wan's comeback drama project following his hit workplace drama, Misaeng. It also marks his last drama before he enlists for his mandatory military service this month. He will serve as an active-duty soldier at a recruit training center located in Gyeonggi province starting July 11 but his enlistment will not affect the drama because the filming period already ended on June 15.
The King Loves is the first completely pre-produced drama to be broadcast on MBC this year. It will premiere on July 17, replacing Lookout on Monday and Tuesdays.
Source: 1
Its a stodgy monthly finish to 2015 for property prices according to CoreLogic/RPData, mainly because of Sydney, but the final quarter registered an average 1.4% fall across the capital cities. Sydney finished the year up 11.5% – yes, Mary Sue thats a bubble because wages ain't anywhere near that level of growth.
But no falls are forecast for the capital, unlike Melbourne. More from head of research Tim Lawless:
I think there's still that underlying factor of strong demand driven by low interest rates, and not really the supply issues that Melbourne has seen, I think we'll continue to see Sydney at least remain fairly neutral in its growth. Melbourne on the other hand, we're seeing quite a difference between the apartment market and the house market – all that new supply flowing into the unit sector has really slowed that market down but detached housing, particularly around the middle-ring suburbs, is still performing quite strongly.
Here's the roundup from Michael Janda at ABC:
Melbourne home prices substantially closed the gap to the city's bigger northern counterpart, with annual growth of 11.2 per cent despite a 1.9 per cent third quarter slide. Elsewhere, Brisbane had one of the strongest third quarters to post a 4.1 per cent annual home price increase, equal with Canberra's annual rise. Every other capital posted annual declines in 2015, highlighting the regional nature of housing markets. The mining-driven capitals of Perth (-3.7 per cent) and Darwin (-3.6 per cent) had the biggest home price falls, and also saw large declines in rents as construction on many major resources projects wraps up and the workforce moves away.
Headwinds abound of course, with increased capital requirements for banks, lettuce leaf like restrictions on investor loan growth, but the supply side as the construction boom rolls on is hitting against the underlying fundemantals, as asking rent falls to historic rental yield lows.
As the Australian “investment” property market has always been about capital gains, this steam train needs another shot of coal soon before being derailed.
The consensus view is for “mild” price falls in the year ahead and then whoosh!
Eddie Lacy picks up eight yards on a reception during the fourth quarter against the St. Louis Rams on Sunday. Credit: Mark Hoffman
By of the
Green Bay — Since Green Bay Packers running back Eddie Lacy sprained his right ankle in the Seattle game in Week 2, the most distinguishing feature pertaining to the injury has been the miles of tape wound around his green and yellow cleats.
It couldn't be missed Sunday against the St. Louis Rams because the tape was pink in honor of breast cancer awareness month.
On Wednesday and Thursday, the lack of tape around Lacy's shoe stuck out during the Packers' two practices and may be a sign the running back is finally past the troublesome injury.
Asked about it after practice Thursday, Lacy said he decided to see this week if he could function with a normal tape job instead of the over-the-shoe taping known as "spatting."
"If I can warm up before the game without it then I'm not going to wear it," Lacy said.
The significance is that it's much harder to make the cuts a player wants to make when his ankle is wrapped that tightly. Lacy said there is a big difference in feel without the tape job, which he said mostly provides stability and not a guarantee he won't reinjure it.
Lacy, who has 63 carries for 257 yards (4.1 average) and a touchdown, hasn't broken a run longer than 16 yards. Last year, his longest run through five games was 29 yards and in his final seven games he had a run of 20 or more yards seven times.
The focus Sunday for Lacy and backup James Starks, who is averaging 3.3 yards per carry on 53 attempts, will be to avoid pressing too hard for a major gain.
"A lot of times when you're coming off a game where you didn't do as well as you wanted to, you come into this game trying to find that big play to make up for what didn't happen last week," Lacy said.
Perillo thrilled about signing: For the second time in as many seasons, tight end Justin Perillo experienced the thrill of being signed from the practice squad to the 53-man roster.
"It's very exciting because that's what you ultimately work for," Perillo said.
The Packers signed Perillo to the active roster Wednesday, adding a bit of depth to a position group that was down to only one reliable player in starter Richard Rodgers. The other tight end, rookie Kennard Backman, has played only six snaps.
Perillo, who appeared in two games last season, didn't know if he would be active Sunday against the San Diego Chargers, nor was he sure if the coaches wanted him to lessen the workload for Rodgers, who has played a minimum of 90% of the offensive snaps the last two weeks.
"Whatever they ask me, I'll keep on doing it," Perillo said.
Barrington grateful for injury: Several frustrating weeks have given way to a renewed sense of purpose for linebacker Sam Barrington, whose focus has shifted from the past, where he injured his foot in the season opener, to the future, where he hopes to watch the Packers' defense continue its strong start.
Barrington, speaking to reporters after zipping through the locker room on a scooter as his right foot heals, said he reorganized his priorities and began voraciously watching game film every Sunday. He attends every position group and defensive meeting to support his teammates while remaining immersed in a defense he hoped to lead.
"I'm grateful for my injury because there are things that I'm going to go through that's going to help me bring out things about me as a person that probably wouldn't happen had I not got hurt."
With his schedule more fluid than it was before, Barrington has made a commitment to watching any and every NFL game on television. He analyzes with what he described as "more of a coaching perspective" and takes note of everything from linebacker play to tight end movements to running back styles to the pre- and post-snap movements of the quarterback.
"It's fun, man," he said. "It's fun."
Henry clears waivers: Tight end Mitchell Henry, who spent training camp with the Packers, cleared waivers after being released by the Denver Broncos on Wednesday.
He is now free to sign with any team.
Originally signed by the Packers in May as an undrafted free agent from Western Kentucky, Henry caught the attention of coaches in camp despite wearing a club to protect a broken hand. He earned opportunities with the starters on special teams and, before the injury, flashed an ability to make difficult catches.
Because of Henry's familiarity with the offense and his understanding of the organization's affinity for him, there's a good chance he will re-sign with the Packers as a member of their practice squad. To do so, the Packers would need to create an opening.
Injury report: Wide receiver Davante Adams (ankle), tackle Bryan Bulaga (knee), safety Morgan Burnett (calf), wide receiver Randall Cobb (shoulder), cornerback LaDarius Gunter (heel), wide receiver James Jones (hamstring) and guard T.J. Lang (knee) were limited participants in Thursday's padded practice.
Linebacker Nick Perry (shoulder/hand) and nose tackle B.J. Raji (groin) did not practice. Defensive end Datone Jones also missed practice, but his absence was not injury related.
Cornerback Demetri Goodson (hamstring) and linebacker Jake Ryan (hamstring) were full participants.
Ukraine plans to close the border with Russia in the east, Anton Gerashchenko, an aide to the Ukrainian interior minister told Ukrainian TV “Channel 5” Wednesday.
MOSCOW, June 11 (RIA Novosti) – Ukraine plans to close the border with Russia in the east, Anton Gerashchenko, an aide to the Ukrainian interior minister told Ukrainian TV “Channel 5” Wednesday.
“Various means should be considered but, of course, the border will be closed immediately. Necessary tools and methods are being provided for that,” he said.
Earlier Ukrainian authorities decided to partly close the border in the east of the country, where a military operation against freedom supporters continues. Currently eight border crossing checkpoints are closed.
According to the Ukrainian government, Russian armed groups have been penetrating to the eastern territory of Ukraine through the border. Russia has not confirmed this information.
Answering a question about the possibility of mining the border, Gerashchenko said that “mining the home territory represents a danger for the citizens of Ukraine and for animals,” adding that national security is the highest consideration, but all pros and cons should be weighed.
According to the aide, there are many methods aside from mining, but they all require time and money and currently there is none of this in Ukraine.
Mass anti-government protests began in the southeastern regions of Ukraine in the end of February 2014 as a response of local residents to the military coup in Ukraine followed by an attempt of the new authorities to abolish the law that insured the regional status of Russian language in those areas.
The Luhansk and Donetsk People's Republics declared themselves independent states following a May 11 referendum and soon started to form governments and law enforcement agencies.
Kiev refused to recognize the legitimacy of any of these decisions and has continued the military operation against the independence supporters in the regions.
Violence in eastern Ukraine has been on the rise since the beginning of a punitive operation launched by Kiev authorities in mid-April and has claimed dozens of civilian lives.
Moscow has repeatedly stated that Kiev must stop its military operation in eastern Ukraine and start direct dialogue with independence supporters.
Recently, the Islamic State published a video of the execution of two Syrians accused of working for the “Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently” campaign, specifically with the well-known activist Hammoud al-Mousa.
Here, Mousa describes to Ammar Hamou how IS contacted him, seeking to get the names of activists working with him as ransom for the release of his father. “Two days later, [the IS official] made me a different offer: Hand over three people working for our activists.” Mousa refused, and IS executed his father because of it.
Q. One of the anti-Islamic State activists in A-Raqqa posted online your text conversation with an IS supporter trying to get you to turn on your activist colleagues by naming names. How did IS do that?
A message was sent to my WhatsApp from a Turkish number. After replying, he introduced himself as “Abu Qatada, the communication official.” He demanded that I hand over three individuals who worked with us in the city in exchange for the release of my father. However, I refused.
Two days later, he made me a different offer: Hand over three people working for our activists. I refused this as well. After I refused, they contacted me again. They executed my father, and filmed his confessions and his execution.
Q. IS published a video two days ago of the execution of two people accused of personally working with you. Before that, they executed your father. Why is there such a focus on you and not on the campaign “Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently?”
The activities that I have undertaken since the beginning of the Syrian revolution, my work under my real name, and the popular support that I enjoy, makes the most powerful factions fear civilian voices.
Q. Do you believe IS has been able to silence people and reduce the resistance activity against them or will that increase the process of exposing them and their human rights violations?
I will answer with the saying “they did not kill anything except for our fear.”
Q. Did they recognize the execution of your father only because of his relationship to you through kinship, or did they accuse him of another crime?
In their video, they accused him of being an “agent of the international coalition.”
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen of the far-right National Front party said that if she is elected, people holding dual French and Israeli citizenship would have to give up one of their nationalities.
The remark was made during an interview with France 2 TV on Thursday in which the candidate said she would not allow French citizens to hold dual citizenship in non-European countries.
“I am opposed to a policy allowing dual citizenship in [non-European] countries,” she said.During the two-hour-long interview, host Léa Salamé questioned whether Le Pen would effectively ask Jewish French citizens “if they were willing to renounce their dual Israeli citizenship.” Le Pen responded in the affirmative.France is no longer safe, National Front leader Marine Le Pen says“Israel is not a European Union country,” she said.Le Pen said such a policy would not be about Jews, but rather about French Israelis “whom I ask to choose their nationality.”She added later that people who choose to give up their French citizenship would not necessarily have to leave the country.“France is perfectly capable of allowing foreigners on its soil, even for a long time, as long as they respect French laws and values.”“We rarely have issues with Israel on this subject,” she said.Her political party was founded by her father, Jean-Marie Le Pen, who routinely minimized the Holocaust.The younger Le Pen has sought to move the party past her father's controversies, but French Jewish leaders still consider the National Front antisemitic.Le Pen is a leading contender in the upcoming French presidential contest, with a recent poll showing her advancing to the second round of balloting in May but still losing handily to front-runner Emmanuel Macron.A poll released Friday showed Le Pen getting 26% of votes in the first round, Macron 20.5%, conservative candidate François Fillon 17.5% and Socialist Benoit Hamon 15%.Fillon has been hit by a series of scandals, and many are calling for him to drop out of the race though he has vowed to remain.A separate poll released Friday showed that Fillon would beat Le Pen 60% to 40% in a runoff vote if Fillon made it through to the second round.The French electoral system puts the top two candidates from the first round into a runoff against each other.Polls show either Macron or Fillon winning a runoff against Le Pen comfortably.Reuters contributed to this report.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
Expecting the worst
Feminists get the best from girls by expecting the best from them, yet they expect the worst from boys and then fly into a rage of condemnation for men when they get what they expect.
Feminists know that to get the best from a girl, you need to expect the best, so we might assume they know that's true for boys, as well. Yet, from the day time shouting shows to the evening news, we are flooded with images of everybody expecting boys to be bad.
Men behave badly, boyz are gangstas in the hood, young men only want one thing, and those who want more, like marriage and responsibility, just don't get it, while their leaner, meaner, pack it, pound it, treat women like whores, spread their sperm anywhere but on the ground and brag about it to the posse, get it, and more.
In the schools, six year old boys are bad because they harass little girls with a kiss. (Never mind if the girls ask for it. Never mind if the tikes don't know the meaning of the word sex, let alone harass.) In the later grades, boys are sexual predators while the pop feminists froth at the merest hint girls ought not to be having sex. "Our bodies, our lives!" At work, let no man dare read Esquire for fear of offending one of the Cosmopolitan-reading sisters.
The androphobes frame all male behaviors in the context of evil, then they run to their book stores to consume volumes that confirm their cherished myth, that those bad boys have grown up into monstrous men.
"Men Are Not Cost-Effective," they wail. It's a "War Against Women," they scream. Do something, do something, fight "Fire With Fire," they leer. Katie Couric commends castration while Stone Phillips solemnly shakes his head and sighs, "Can men ever be taught sensitivity?" All that's missing are the mobs with torches and pitchforks.
You might think it would require no great intellectual leap to conclude that, if you expect the best to get the best from one class of children, you will get the best from another class of children if you expect the best. Since they expect the worst from boys and men, we can only conclude that this is what feminists want.
So, we need to ask ourselves, what sort of sick pervert would purposely expect the worst of a boy to get the worst from the man? A bigot? Could be.
Regards,
Rod Van Mechelen
AS Federal Reserve chairman, Ben Bernanke has committed serious sins of commission and omission — and for those many sins, he does not deserve reappointment.
Let me begin with the former. It is standard practice for a central bank like the Federal Reserve to ease monetary policy to combat a recession, and then to tighten it as recovery gets under way. Mr. Bernanke so far has only had to do the first half, and has conducted a policy of extreme ease. The Fed's Open Market Committee cut the federal funds rate in October to 1 percent from 1.5 percent, and then in December to a range of zero percent to 0.25 percent.
What drove down the funds rate was the Federal Reserve's decision to increase its depository bank reserves. Bank reserves have been rising since Sept. 17, as the Fed purchased securities and financed loans. When the Fed committee cut the rate to zero, it was merely ratifying the de facto rate.
Mr. Bernanke seems to know only two amounts: zero and trillions. Before 2008 there were only moderate increases in the Federal Reserve's aggregate balance sheet numbers, but since then the balance sheet has exploded by trillions of dollars. The increase was spurred by the Fed's loans to troubled institutions and purchases of securities.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Why is easy monetary policy such a sin? Because in such an environment, loans are cheap and borrowers can finance every project that they dream up. This results in excesses, and also increases the severity of the recession that inevitably follows when the bubble bursts.
Photo
Let's move on to the sins of omission. After 2007, the Federal Reserve clearly observed that the mortgage loan industry was being transformed into an issuer of securities backed by a pool of mortgages of varying quality. Yet the Fed at no point clearly warned investors that these new instruments were difficult to price. (These securities were backed by everything from top-quality mortgages to subprime ones, and it was difficult to determine what value to assign to different mortgages.)
HOTFIX Build 274 Live on Steam
Posted by WasabiOne 4 years ago
Sometimes you release something you think is good to go, but sometimes bugs find a way of coming out anyway. This was the case with Build 273, not to fear cause here is the HOTFIX patch. The CDT hopes that this will resolve people's issues with the previous release and thank you to everyone in the community for your plogs and technical support files! Now here is to the “REAL” Build 273 🙂
Hotfixes:
Remove erroneous file exists check in particle handling (fixes Shotgun & other bad hitching)
Ensure servers actually try to update all mods on changemap
Remove curl progress reporting spamming server consoles
Fixed damage types; Onos, bile bomb, Flamethrower, axe & Welder. (Onos were upset. Not good.)
Fixed lua error on linux for users with certain locale settings
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Vanilla.
A court in India has ruled that premarital sex amounts to marriage, which has sparked humorous reactions across the Internet and a heated debate over the fundamental relationship between a man and a woman.
The Hindu reports that the Madras High Court ruled on Monday that if a couple of legal age chooses to “indulge in sexual gratification,” this act would confirm the relationship as a marriage. The ruling by Justice C. S. Karnan further stated that the religious affectations that usually mark traditional wedding ceremonies are merely societal formalities and thus not required to legally cement marriage.
According to the New York Times, the judge's statement came after hearing an appeal by a woman who sued her former live-in boyfriend of five years to pay child support for their two children. A lower court had previously ruled the woman was not owed any money because there was no documentary evidence of a legal marriage between the couple. On Monday, Karnan overturned this ruling, stating the couple's sexual relationship was tantamount to being wed.
"If any couple chooses to consummate their sexual cravings, then that act becomes a total commitment with adherence to all consequences that may follow, except on certain exceptional considerations," the ruling states, via the New York Times.
Predictably, Indians on social media reacted with sarcastic incredulity:
Despite how easily the ruling lends itself to punch lines, however, Apoorva Dutt argues on FirstPost that this new definition of marriage and premarital sex may actually be a groundbreaking moment for progressivism in tradition-minded India. While some agree with feminist writer Urvashi Butalia's assessment that the ruling "brings in a morality that should not be there," Dutt thinks argues that it expands the definition and practical applications of male-female relationships, effectively legalizing live-in situations and regarding them as common-law marriage.
Dutt writes:
The Madras High Court has (inadvertently, perhaps) passed a very progressive and pro-equality judgment in this case. Rather than taking all the fun out of premarital sex by declaring it marital instead (as everyone is cackling about online) they have legitimised a long-term cohabitation which resulted in two children. They have also legitimised the children, who will not have to bear the societal stigma of having been born out of wedlock.
Indeed, the judge seems to have been motivated at least partly by the desire to expand protections for women and children in unmarried situations that might have left them vulnerable under a strict interpretation of marriage law. Following the public outcry and ridicule his statement received, Karnan clarified his ruling on Wednesday as one that "protected Indian culture and welfare of women" and that "had not in any way degraded the system of marriage."
"If a bachelor aged 21 years or above and a spinster aged 18 years or above had premarital sex with the intention to marry and subsequent to this the man deserts the woman, the victim woman can approach a civil forum for remedy after producing necessary substantial evidence to grant her social status as wife," Karnan said, via the Press Trust of India. "This remedy is not only for the purpose of giving relief to the victim woman but also to maintain the cultural integrity of India."
Furthermore, it should be noted that while Karnan's ruling does set a precedent for future cases involving live-in partners, it does not mean that every Indian couple who have sex are automatically married.
"In fact, India does not have any law governing de facto unions that are not recognized as marriage," Meenakshi Ganguly, South Asia director of Human Rights Watch, told the New York Times.
Still, the primacy the ruling places on sex in the definition of marriage and legitimate male-female relationships could become a concern down the road. And despite the fact that premarital sex is on the rise among Indian youths, as reported by the National Confederation of Human Rights Organizations, it was considered a statutory offense in the country until 2010 and is still very much a taboo, the Indian Express notes.
Last year, a Delhi judge condemned the "infamous western cultural product" of cohabitational relationships while sentencing a woman convicted of killing her live-in boyfriend, the Hindustan Times reported at the time. "Despite all the developments granting a level of legal legitimacy to live-in relationship, it is largely perceived to be an immoral relation in our society," the judge said.
Whales and dolphins are mammals that belong to the order cetacea , which also includes porpoises. The two animals are physiologically different , with whales often being larger than dolphins and more comfortable in a wider range of water temperatures. While popular culture often celebrates the intelligence of dolphins, whales and dolphins are generally thought to be equally intelligent according to recent scientific studies.
Dolphin vs. Whale Physiology
Like all cetaceans, whales and dolphins are descendants of land-living animals that returned to fresh or salt water after living millions of years on land. According to fossils dating back about 50 million years, whales even share a common ancestor with the land-dwelling hippopotamus.
Dolphins and whales share common, mammalian traits, including warm blood, hair, and lung-based breathing. They also give birth to living offspring and nurse their young. Their bodies resemble the streamlined form of a fish. Both have fins, including the back or dorsal fins and their tail fins, known as flukes, which are highly efficient at propelling the animals through water. Many species of dolphin and whale can be identified by their dorsal fin shapes.
Breathing
Whales and dolphins breathe differently from other animals. Because of their environment, these cetaceans are conscious breathers, meaning they decide when to breathe. Unlike sharks, that need to keep moving in order to breathe, dolphins and whales can remain motionless in the water, especially to sleep. However, their sleep periods are very brief, as they need to return to the surface for air.
Both whales and dolphins need to surface in order to breathe air through their blowhole. But unlike humans, they can tolerate a lot more CO2 in their system before their breathing reflex kicks in. When they are active, dolphins average 8 to 12 breaths per minute but when they are resting this rate drops to 3 to 7 breaths per minute. Because of their large lungs, they can take in a lot of air in each breath, allowing them to hold their breath longer.
Breathing while sleeping
Cetaceans like dolphins and whales sleep in a pattern called cat-napping. Only one half of their brain shuts down while sleeping. The other half is awake and attentive; its job is to watch for predators or obstacles, and also rise to the surface to breath when necessary. After about two hours, the sides are reversed and the rested half awakens allowing the active side to rest.
Size
Whales tend to be between 11 and 110 feet long; dolphins are between 4 and 35 feet long. Some classification systems consider anything over 9 feet as a whale, which can lead to confusion. This is why there are six species of "whale" that are actually dolphins, genetically.
The largest animal that has ever lived on earth is the blue whale, weighing approximately as much as 24 elephants. Evolutionary history indicates that about 3 million years ago ecological conditions in oceans changed and resources increased very quickly. This allowed smaller baleen whales to take advantage of these abundant resources by growing bigger.[1]
Blowholes: One or Two?
While all dolphins have one blowhole, baleen whales — those that feed on plankton and small fish or crustaceans — have two blowholes. All toothed whales have only one blowhole.
Teeth
Whales are divided into two categories, based on their teeth. One group is known as baleen whales; this is the largest suborder of whales and includes the blue whale. Baleen whales' teeth are of a fringed structure and grow from the upper jaw. These whales use the fringed structure of their teeth to filter large amounts of water and trap plankton and small creatures.
The other category for whales is toothed, which includes dolphins and sperm whales, amongst others. Toothed whales are carnivorous, meaning they feed on fish, squids, marine mammals, and even other whales.
Dolphin teeth are conical and tend to be quite sharp. They are used for grabbing and dragging prey into the mouth, where it is then swallowed whole. Most dolphins have between 58 and 94 teeth. These teeth are replaced regularly, which is a trait they share with toothed whales.
Reproduction
Dolphins and whales are matriarchal in their social organization, allowing males to commingle with females only during the mating season. But not all males can participate, so only the strongest, most dominant males share most of the reproductive opportunities.
The mating season for dolphins and whales varies depending on the species, but most mating occurs in warmer seasons. The mating rituals of both animals can be complex, and pair bonds, which can be same-sex or opposite-sex and last a lifetime, exist often. However, dolphins may engage in more sexual encounters, even outside of the mating season proper, than whales.
The gestation period of whales is between 9 and 17 months, with dolphins' gestation period ranging between 10 and 13 months. Nearly all whales have only one calf, and most dolphins do as well, but some dolphin species tend to birth two calves. Dolphins and whales nurse their calves for some time, usually more than a year, and this is associated with a strong bond between mother and young, providing a high probability of survival in the wild. Dolphins tend to wean their young sooner than whales do and will even chase off weaned calves.
Dolphin vs. Whale Feeding
Frigid, arctic waters support some of the largest whale species, such as the humpback and the blue whale. Baleen whales feed only in arctic waters, eating mostly krill, plankton, and other small marine animals. The humpback whales often hunt by forming a ring of bubbles around their prey which then obstructs escape. See also this video: Humpback Whale: Hunting Technique
Certain species of dolphins come closer to shore for feeding, often chasing fish into shallow water to catch them easily. Another method they adopt is driving prey onto mud banks for easy capture. See also this video: Atlantic Bottle Nose Dolphins mud-ring feeding
Blue whales feed by gulping water and prey equal to about 140% of their own mass. They feed nearly continuously when prey conditions are good. A blue whale can consume up to two tons of food within a day. Their favorite food is krill, tiny fish that are found in swarms in all oceans of the world. A whale can take a large bite out of a krill swarm and ingest up to 500,000 calories in a single bite.
Echolocation
Whales and dolphins hunt for food with the help of echolocation, i.e., they direct clicking sounds into the water and listen to the strength of the rebounded echoes, which allows them to know how far away they are from prey. The clicks and whistles used are emitted from their blowhole(s).
Cetaceans have developed sensory enhancements for this process. The melon-like shape of a dolphin's head serves the same function as that of the large sinus cavities in whales' skulls: these adaptations create echo resonance to help pinpoint distances, speeds, and angles with greater precision. They also enhance the capacity for communication.
Research led by Jack Kassewitz conducted at the Dolphin Discovery Center in Puerto Aventuras in Mexico has revealed how dolphins perceive objects in their environment. This is a picture that translates a dolphin's perception of a submerged human. More details here
Researchers have also speculated that dolphins use these "sono-pictorial" representations to communicate with each other. So it could be a kind of language used by marine mammals.
Intelligence in Dolphins and Whales
Dolphins and whales are deemed to be equally intelligent. After years of research, scientists have said that cetaceans (including porpoises, dolphins, and whales) are highly intelligent and should potentially have rights similar to those afforded humans.[2]
Social Behavior
Whales and dolphins have frequently been observed teaching, learning, cooperating, scheming, and even grieving. Some species communicate with melodic sounds, known as whale songs, while others make click-like sounds which can be very loud. Both types of underwater sounds have been recorded hundreds of miles from their source. Whale vocalizations seem to serve many purposes beyond echolocation, such as for mating and identification. Scientists studying whale and dolphin communication repertoires have estimated that
...bottlenose dolphins have a repertoire of 27 single letter syllables, five 2-letter syllables and four or five 3-letter syllables. By contrast, humpback whales have a repertoire of only six single letter syllables but use seventeen or eighteen 2-letter syllables (the data is not extensive enough to reveal the repertoire of 3-letter syllables).
Dolphins and whales establish strong social bonds through their advanced communication abilities. They will stay with injured or ill individuals, even helping them to breathe by bringing them to the surface if needed, as can be seen in the video below (see also the accompanying news story).
Calling Each Other By Name
A study has shown that bottlenose dolphins even name themselves using a unique whistling sound and, when separated or otherwise stressed, call their loved ones (such as a mother or a close male friend) by their "name". Other than humans, dolphins are the only known species known to be able to do this.
Whale Songs
Humpback whales produce a series of sounds at varying frequencies known as whale song. There is evidence that these vocalizations can be considered "songs" — i.e., music — because of their patterns. [3] Not only are these songs, but scientists have also found that the songs evolve every six months, just like fashion evolves in certain human cultures.
Where Whales and Dolphins Live
Whales have a global range, to the point that species of whale can be found in every ocean. However, the specific range for each species can be limited to one ocean or ecological region. In contrast, baleen whales engage in long migrations, from arctic latitudes to warmer tropical waters for breeding.
Dolphins exist primarily in temperate zones north and south of the equator, and only make occasional forays into colder waters, primarily for feeding. Some dolphin species live in fresh waters, or can live in both salt and fresh water, whereas no whale is known to live in fresh water and cannot tolerate it for long.
Groups of Dolphins and Whales
Whales and dolphins travel alone or in groups, called pods, on their annual migrations. Larger groups of pods are referred to as a school. Dolphin and whale pods can come together to form larger groups known as "schools." Schools can have a few hundred individuals. On occasion, even "superpods" of over 1,000 animals have been observed. These superpods tend to form temporarily in areas where food is abundant.
Most pods have between 6 and 15 individuals and stay close to shallower waters. Pods are most often composed of females, mothers and calves, adult males, and juvenile males. Adults can often be found alone or swimming in pairs.
"Whales" That Are Genetically Dolphins
Six species in the family Delphinidae are called "whales" but genetically are dolphins:
Melon-headed Whale, Peponocephalaelectra Killer Whale (Orca), Orcinus orca Pygmy Killer Whale, Feresaattenuata False Killer Whale, Pseudorcacrassidens Long-finned Pilot Whale, Globicephalamelas Short-finned Pilot Whale, Globicephalamacrorhynchus
Video: Killer Whales Hunting a Dolphin
This video below shows a group of five orcas hunting a dolphin that is exhausted and separated from its pod. It was filmed off the coast of South Africa. Despite their name, orcas (killer whales) actually belong to the dolphin family.
References
H.P. Lovecraft knew how to write a hook. Say what you will about his adjective addiction or his lapses into florid prose; one place where he knew how to get to the point was in an opening line. He may have meandered a bit after getting your attention (and I'd argue that's part of his charm), but in his pulp fiction heart Lovecraft understood the importance of grabbing you right away to earn your patience, and his stories consistently showcase his mastery of the intriguing opening.
I'm currently writing a novel with a strong Lovecraftian influence, so I've been revisiting his body of work, and recently, while discussing hooks with a young writer I'm mentoring, I realized that any horror writer, no matter how modern their style, would do well to look at Lovecraft's openings for good examples of powerful hooks. Here are my top ten favorites from the gentleman of Providence.
10. THE DUNWICH HORROR
When a traveler in north central Massachusetts takes the wrong fork at the junction of the Aylesbury pike just beyond Dean's Corners he comes upon a lonely and curious country.
Subtle and atmospheric but for me the hook is that it's a WRONG turn. You wouldn't go there on purpose. And that makes me curious about that curious country.
9. AT THE MOUNTAINS OF MADNESS
I am forced into speech because men of science have refused to follow my advice without knowing why.
The reluctant narrator. He doesn't want to talk about this shit but no one will heed his warnings without an explanation? I'm in. Give up the goods.
8. HYPNOS
May the merciful gods, if indeed there be such, guard those hours when no power of the will, or drug that the cunning of man devises, can keep me from the chasm of sleep.
Um, dude, are you okay? What's so bad about falling asleep? Could it be the dreams?
7. THE HAUNTER OF THE DARK
Cautious investigators will hesitate to challenge the common belief that Robert Blake was killed by lightning, or by some profound nervous shock derived from an electrical discharge.
Dead body introduced by a rational, journalistic voice that you just know is going to suggest that something far stranger than lightning killed Mr. Blake.
6. THE DESCENDANT
In London there is a man who screams when the church bells ring.
And I want to know why.
5. HERBERT WEST – REANIMATOR
Of Herbert West, who was my friend in college and in after life, I can speak only with extreme terror.
All about dissonant juxtaposition. Why would the memory of a longtime friend become a source of extreme terror?
4. THE CALL OF CTHULHU
The most merciful thing in the world, I think, is the inability of the human mind to correlate all its contents.
This one's a classic. A concise philosophical statement that makes you wonder why connecting the dots and reaching certain conclusions would be so bad that your ignorance is the ultimate mercy.
3. THE WHISPERER IN DARKNESS
Bear in mind closely that I did not see any actual visual horror at the end.
What end? And WTF did you see, exactly, if that's your opening?
2. DAGON
I am writing this under an appreciable mental strain, since by tonight I shall be no more.
Top that! Hard to do, but I believe the man himself did with…
1. THE THING ON THE DOORSTEP
It is true that I have sent six bullets through the head of my best friend, and yet I hope to shew by this statement that I am not his murderer.
Possibly one of the best opening lines in all horror literature. Within 31 words you know that some heavy shit went down. You want to know why one bullet through the head wasn't enough. Was emptying the gun enough? And how is he not his friend's murderer? Put a paradox like that up front with highly specific details and visceral language and promise to resolve it in the story that follows, and you have me eating out of your hand.
What do you think, did I miss any of your favorites? Which of Lovecraft's opening lines hooked you on his writing?
.
.
.
The Devil of Echo Lake – Book Trailer from Douglas Wynne on Vimeo.
In a ruling on March 20, the Korean Department of Justice has determined that singer Megan Lee‘s exclusive contract with Soul Shop Entertainment is not valid.
Last November, Megan Lee filed a request with the Seoul Central District Court for an injunction on her exclusive contract with the agency. Her representative stated at the time that Soul Shop had signed her to a musical without her consent, and also used her bank seal without her permission. They also claimed that Megan Lee had been treated unfairly and verbally abused by management at the agency, including owner Kim Tae Woo‘s wife Kim Ae Ri.
The judge has now ruled in Megan Lee's favor, proclaiming that Soul Shop is not legally authorized to arrange or finalize contracts for Megan Lee for television shows, films, or musicals. Megan Lee is also not required to do any activities requested by the company.
The judge announced, “This exclusive contract is an excessive invasion of occupational freedom, as well as personal rights and autonomy. It therefore would be difficult to acknowledge its validity.”
In response, Soul Shop Entertainment has announced that they will be appealing this ruling. A representative states, “Two of the reasons were that the exclusive contract stipulated a five-year term and also split the profits fifty-fifty. This shows that the court does not understand how the entertainment industry operates.” They say they are prepared to take the case all the way to the Supreme Court. They have also filed a civil suit against Megan Lee in order to prohibit her from engaging in any activities in the entertainment industry.
In an interview with Ilgan Sports, Megan Lee's mother says, “It's been really difficult. We won the lawsuit, but there were still a few things to do. Everything was chaotic because of the things we had to deal with right after. Thank you to everyone who supported us during this time.”
This is all happening at the same time as Megan Lee is getting ready to appear in a new musical series on the American television network Nickelodeon, which is slated to premiere during its 2015-2016 season.
Source (1)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MILWAUKEE -- A "Child Abduction/Amber Alert" has been CANCELED for a 15-month-old boy -- whom police believed was inside a stolen vehicle. Taratino Carter was FOUND SAFE Sunday night, October 23rd.
According to the alert, 15-month-old Carter was last seen around 5:50 p.m. near 60th and Good Hope. He was in a vehicle at a gas station -- when that vehicle was stolen.
Police tell FOX6 News Carter's mother left her vehicle running and went inside the gas station. That's when the suspect in this case jumped into the car and took off -- with the baby inside.
Police say it was an alert citizen who recognized the car from the Amber Alert parked near 39th and Silver Spring Drive -- and notified police.
Taratino Carter was found safe and sound inside the vehicle -- still seated in his car seat.
Upon learning Carter was safe, Carter's grandmother told FOX6 News she couldn't wait to hold him in her arms.
"My heart goes out to Milwaukee police. A lot of gratitude. It could have ended a completely different way," Sharon Whitaker said.
Police tell FOX6 News the suspect has not been located -- but they have some leads.
Monitor FOX6 News and FOX6Now.com for updates.
We are sorry, you need to be a subscriber to watch this video
We are sorry, you need to be a subscriber to watch this video
Raheem Sterling is not seeking vindication because he believed his actions were right all along. In a refreshingly open interview yesterday, the England winger cited stubbornness as his foremost characteristic, though honesty cannot have been too far behind.
By quickly establishing himself as a central figure in a Manchester City side who are top of the Barclays Premier League, scoring six goals in the process, Sterling's decision to leave Liverpool last summer has been amply justified. The 20-year-old never had any doubts, demonstrating the strength of character that enabled him to leave London for Liverpool aged 15, a quality that underpinned his family's move from Jamaica eight years earlier.
“I'm not trying to say I proved anyone wrong,” Sterling said. “It's just what I thought…
WATCH: A young man living with a debilitating disease is celebrating a major accomplishment. Elaine Yong reports.
Finishing a Lego set is a satisfying moment for any person.
For Wilson Liu, a two-year journey completing a giant Death Star set carried extra significance.
It's not just that Wilson is blind, or that he has a fatal degenerative disorder. And it's not just that Wilson was given the Lego set during a chance encounter with a Vancouver Canuck.
For Wilson, finishing a three thousand, eight hundred and three-piece Death Star is a symbol of everything he's overcome and the unique opportunities he's been provided.
“Wilson is very proud of the things he's accomplished,” says his care manger Jasmine Prasad. “He doesn't let this disease stop him from doing anything he wants to achieve.”
Wilson hasn't seen the Star Wars movies in nine years, but because they were his favourite films when he was young, he can still remember visuals in detail.
“There's his lightsaber,” he says, describing Darth Maul. “It's red on one end, and red on the other end too…it's evil.”
When he was six, Wilson was diagnosed with Batten disease. It's a terminal illness that first robbed Wilson of his sight and has slowly confined him to a wheelchair.
Wilson's family doesn't have much – his father works at a noodle restaurant while his mom cares for him full-time – but they were able to give him a wide range of opportunities as he grew up thanks to provincial funding. Two years ago, when he was 18, that funding was about to run out.
“There was a lot of uncertainty,” says Prasad. “It was difficult for Wilson, we didn't know what would happen, if he would have any workers be with him.”
It was during that time, when Prasad and Wilson's family were trying to find a longer-term solution for his care, that the two of them were in Oakridge Mall. Wilson enjoyed playing with the Lego sets, especially the Star Wars ones. And especially the Death Star set.
But with a price around $600, it was too much for Wilson's family.
“I had been trying for months and months to get Wilson this Death Star before I stopped working for him,” said Prasad, hoping that it might be a nice good-bye present to Kevin before she stopped being his care manager.
It was then she saw Kevin Bieksa.
“I said ‘excuse me, Mr. Bieksa, would you mind meeting Wilson?'” said Prasad, remembering their chance encounter.
Bieksa began talking to Wilson about his upcoming 19th birthday and his favourite Lego sets. Wilson bragged that he just finished the Millennium Falcon.
“What about this thing here?” said Bieksa, pointing to the Death Star set. Bieksa took it off the wall and paid for it on the spot.
“You began crying,” says Wilson to Prasad.
“It was kind of surreal, because with Kevin Bieksa not even knowing how important this was for Wilson, somehow he knew and got it for him. It changed all of our lives.”
Bieksa took a picture with Wilson – “The picture is so blurry. You look at the picture, and it's really blurry, but it was a really emotional day,” said Prasad –
and told him to send him a picture when he was done.
Driving home, Prasad realized that what was going to be a good-bye gift was turning into something else.
“He said ‘see Jasmine, you can't leave me now, you have to stay and help me build this thing. We have to build it together.'”
More motivated than ever, Prasad and Wilson's family researched different ways to extend his funding. Eventually, they found Community Living BC's Individualized Funding. After many anxious months, their application was approved, giving Wilson two years of additional funding.
During that time, Wilson has had some setbacks. But he's also volunteered with the Vancouver Police Department, become a certified clown and take electric guitar lessons.
Not to mention finishing a certain Lego Set.
“Without Kevin Bieksa buying that Death Star, I'm not sure this all would have happened,” said Prasad.
“He had a pretty tough disease,” said Bieksa as he looked at the picture of Wilson and his Death Star.
“I just wanted to help him out a little bit. I just tried to help out around the holidays. It's a pretty amazing accomplishment.”
“What an amazing man.”
– With files from Elaine Yong
Cosmic rays provide a free source of high-energy collisions, which have been used in the past to discover new particles. A recent study calculates how often they produce Higgs bosons
On Wednesday the whole of year six from my daughter's primary school came to visit UCL. They saw the Slade School of Fine Art, the department of Earth Sciences and finally my department, Physics & Astronomy. That's two classes of 30 children each, and for those of you not familiar with today's jargon, ‘year six' is ages 10 and 11. Or ‘fourth year juniors', as we were called in my day.
The first thing I showed them was a cosmic ray detector. It was ticking away in on the bench at irregular intervals, about one tick per second, and an oscilloscope trace was registering each pulse.
“Can any of you guess what this is detecting? What is making those ticks?” I asked, expecting the answer no.
“Is it Moo-Ons?” said a boy standing by the machine. I was impressed. “How did you know that?”
“It says ‘Moo-On Detector' on the box”
Never underestimate children, especially once they learn to read.
He did not, however, know what muons (normally pronounced mew-on) actually are. They are fundamental particles, very like electrons but 207 times more massive.
My favourite particle: the muon | Mark Lancaster Read more
The muons being detected in the laboratory at UCL come from high-energy particles from space - called ‘cosmic rays' - which continually bombard the upper atmosphere. When they hit the atoms in the atmosphere, they smash up the atomic nucleus and produce a spray of hadrons - particles containing quarks and gluons.
These hadrons hit more atoms and smash them up too, and a shower of particles is created. As the shower develops, the number of particles increases, but the average energy per particle decreases. At some point the energy becomes low enough that the new particles can't smash up any more atoms, and the shower dies down.
The fact that it dies down is good for us, because it reduces the radiation dose we get at ground level. The maximum point of the shower, when it has the highest number of particles, takes place around 10,000m, which is unfortunately about the height at which aeroplanes cruise. Over a year's work, airline crews can receive about twice the normal background radiation dose of someone working on the ground, and they have to monitor their exposure.
Muons are produced when some of the hadrons in these showers decay. In fact, muons were first discovered, in 1936, in measurements of cosmic rays. They are one of the few high-energy particles to reach the ground, because they are unique: they are massive enough that the electrons in atmospheric atoms don't stop them, and (unlike hadrons) they don't interact via the strong force, and so they rarely collide with the atomic nucleus.
Can cosmic rays shoot down aeroplanes? Read more
Some of the cosmic rays which hit the atmosphere release energies far higher than those achieved at the highest energy particle colliders built on the Earth. The fact that this has been going on for billions of years is one of the reasons we could be confident that the current highest-energy machine, CERN's Large Hadron Collider, would not, through some bizarre freak of unknown physics, cause a catastrophe.
Since these cosmic rays come for free, and the LHC does not, you might wonder why we didn't just use the cosmic rays to hunt for the Higgs boson in the first place. After all, as I mentioned, that's how we discovered the muon.
To answer that question, you need an estimate of the number of cosmic rays with sufficient energy that impact upon the Earth's atmosphere. On a recent trip to CERN, a colleague pointed me at the Batchelor's thesis of Josua Unger of the Technical University of Dresden, which addresses exactly that question. The estimate Unger comes up with, under various reasonable assumptions, that a Higgs boson is produced somewhere in the atmosphere about once every 8 seconds¹. For These Higgs bosons are produced mainly when gluons, inside the various produced hadrons, collide and fuse together. And they would be highly boosted - that is, travelling very, very fast.
Even boring collisions at the LHC tell us something - this time about cosmic rays | Jon Butterworth | Life & Physics Read more
That is not a very high Higgs rate, and the news gets worse, because to have a chance of seeing them, the bosons would have to decay to something distinctive - preferably muons. They do this sometimes, and we have measured Higgs bosons decaying to muons (via W or Z bosons) at the LHC, but the fraction of them that do so is tiny.
Of course, you would also have to cover the whole world with muon detectors something like the one in our lab at UCL, or probably better, because you would have to measure their energy and direction quite precisely to reconstruct the Higgs boson. Overall, it is quicker, simpler and cheaper to build a hadron collider.
Nevertheless, I find it strangely reassuring that nature is steadily making Higgs bosons, up there in the sky, without our help.
¹With a pretty large uncertainty that says there's a 65% chance the value is between one every 6.5 seconds and one every 30 seconds.
Jon Butterworth's book Smashing Physics is available as “Most Wanted Particle” in Canada & the US. He is also on Twitter.
Palaeontologists have identified the largest 'sea dragon' of its kind in the fossil record, after discovering the mislabelled remains of an ancient ocean dweller from 200 million years ago.
The specimen, the largest representative of the Ichthyosaurus genus on record, was a kind of marine reptile commonly taken to be a swimming dinosaur – but which actually emerged 250 million years back, before the dinosaurs reigned.
The newly identified Ichthyosaurus somersetensis – one of six species in the Ichthyosaurus genus – was originally discovered on the Somerset coast in the UK during the 1990s, before eventually ending up on display in the Lower Saxony State Museum in Hannover, Germany.
But it wasn't until palaeontologist Sven Sachs from Germany's Bielefeld Natural History Museum examined the display while working on other marine research that he realised the uniqueness of the individual.
"I found it very extraordinary," he told Sarah Gibbens at National Geographic. "[It was] way bigger than any specimen I had examined."
Dean R. Lomax
Calling in colleague Dean Lomax from the University of Manchester in the UK, the pair investigated the specimen and found it was indeed a large I. somersetensis – an Ichthyosaurus species Lomax had helped to originally discover.
It's perhaps no great surprise that the specimen's custodians hadn't pegged their 'sea dragon' down exactly – after all, I. somersetensis was only first identified in research published last year.
But it's another reminder of how museums and private collections sometimes possess unidentified specimens that are actually valuable additions to the scientific record once they've had a chance to be studied.
"It amazes me that specimens such as this can still be 'rediscovered' in museum collections," says Lomax.
"You don't necessarily have to go out in the field to make a new discovery."
Joschua Knüppe
Apart from the individual's significant size – estimated to have been between 3 to 3.5 metres long (9.8 to 11.5 ft) when fully extended – the female was also notable for something else: she was pregnant when she died.
Analysis of the mother's fossil revealed the presence of an incomplete embryo preserved inside her for around 200 million years, including a portion of the backbone, a forefin, ribs, and a few other bones.
"Although there are certain kinds of ichthyosaurs which are known to have a lot of embryos, there are certain genera that hardly have any embryos preserved, and Ichthyosaurus is one of them," Sach explained to Becky Ferriera at Motherboard.
That makes the find an important discovery for scientists, and it's one that suggests something we previously didn't know.
Specifically, this is the third Ichthyosaurus fossil that's been found showing evidence of a pregnant female – and all three of these specimens have only contained one embryo each.
"The preliminary conclusion is that Ichthyosaurus, as a more basal genus, compared with later genera that had higher numbers of embryos, may only have had one embryo," Sachs told Motherboard.
Of course, it's only a hypothesis for now based on the limited fossil evidence available, but if that trend gets borne out by future discoveries, the insight would be "new to science", Sachs thinks.
Another factor that obscured the specimen's true lineage was its tail – or, rather, the addition of a fake, cosmetic tail.
For display purposes, the museum had kitted the fossil out with a tail from another ichthyosaur, to help complete its Jurassic showpiece and provide a more aesthetically pleasing exhibit.
That might be okay for casual observers in a museum setting, but it's the kind of practice that can also do more harm than good in the long run in terms of scientific understanding.
"Sometimes, as in this instance, specimens aren't exactly what they appear to be," Sachs explains in a press release.
"[I]f 'fake' portions remain undetected then scientists can fall foul to this, which results in false information presented in the published record."
Luckily, in this case, some keen paleontologist eyes discerned the fakery – and those powers of observation helped to fill out the scientific record for everyone's benefit.
Next time you're headed to the museum, you'd do well to be on the lookout too.
The findings are reported in Acta Palaeontologica Polonica.
“It's slowly grinding to a halt,” said Sen. Chris Murphy said of the appropriations process. | Getty Lawmakers eye omnibus as spending bills lag
As Congress prepares to hightail it out of here until September, lawmakers are set to leave their most fundamental constitutional duty — funding the government — almost entirely unfinished.
Officially, the House and Senate are still plowing through appropriations bills, and a few more might even get passed before Congress recesses next week. But the legislative window is closing rapidly, and most of the 12 spending measures will not have reached the floor of either chamber. The beginning of the end of this year's appropriations process has arrived.
Story Continued Below
“It's slowly grinding to a halt,” said Sen. Chris Murphy (D-Conn.), a member of the Senate Appropriations Committee.
Lawmakers are now looking toward the same measure that has been used for decades: a continuing resolution to keep the government afloat past the end of the fiscal year on Sept. 30 and another hated omnibus to fund the government in a single $1 trillion bill.
Internal debate has already begun over how long a spending stopgap should last. Senior appropriators, like Rep. Tom Cole (R-Okla.), are pushing to have any continuing resolution end by December, to allow Congress to pass an omnibus and finish the appropriations work by the end of the year. Some conservatives hope to have a continuing resolution stretch all the way to March to avoid any action in a lame-duck session. November's election results are sure to play a major role in whatever lawmakers decide.
Perhaps the biggest disappointment for those hoping for a successful appropriations process this year is that all the pieces were seemingly in place. Last year's bipartisan budget law established total spending levels, letting appropriators get to work writing bills even though Congress skipped passing a budget. There was also leadership buy-in with both Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan vowing to make passing spending bills a priority and evidence of the GOP's ability to govern.
But partisan clashes and a crowded calendar have led to the seemingly inevitable omnibus with 12 bills wrapped into one. “Looking at history, there's probably a good chance, don't you think?” said Sen. Richard Shelby (R-Ala.), a longtime appropriator.
Many members of the House and Senate Appropriations Committees are trying to look at the bright side, and say there is some real reason to cheer.
The Senate committee approved its twelfth and final bill last week, the fastest it has done so since 1988. Nearly all were approved on 30-0 votes — a testament to the committee's bipartisan nature, even in a sharply polarized moment. It's the second straight year, under Chairman Thad Cochran (R-Miss.), that the panel approved all 12 bills.
Things also have gone pretty smoothly in the House committee, which has moved 10 spending bills so far. The last two measures, to fund the State Department and the Labor, Health and Human Services and Education departments, are likely to be approved this month. That would be a nice going-away present for Chairman Hal Rogers (R-Ky.), who is set to leave his post at the end of the year because of term limits.
Shepherding appropriations bills through the floor, however, has been a far rockier experience.
Legislation to fund military construction and veterans programs passed the House only after GOP leadership convinced a handful of Republicans to switch their votes and oppose an amendment to protect LGBT employees of federal contractors from discrimination. “Shame! Shame!” Democrats shouted on the floor as the amendment went down. A week later, the amendment was adopted on a different bill funding energy and water programs — and then, the bill was handily defeated as Republicans jumped ship.
To regain control and prevent Democrats from offering the same amendment to other spending bills, GOP leaders began restricting what amendments would see votes on the floor, a major reversal for Ryan, who had pledged to hold an open process on appropriations bills. The decision paved the way for passage of measures to fund the Pentagon and the legislative branch. House Republicans had hoped to pass the financial services appropriations bill last month, but postponed consideration after the Democrats seized the floor with a sit-in to protest the lack of action on gun control. The House could pass that bill this month, and perhaps the bill funding the Interior Department and Environmental Protection Agency.
The Senate has largely avoided the chaos of the House, but it hasn't sent more bills to the finish line. The parties did work closely to craft the dozen bills, adhering to the budget caps set last year and largely steering clear of conservative policy provisions that could draw Democratic filibusters.
The effort worked, for a while. The Senate passed three bills with strong bipartisan votes, to fund transportation and housing agencies; military construction and veterans programs; and energy and water programs. The bill to fund the Department of Justice also reached the floor, but it stalled over a heated fight over gun control, and McConnell sidelined it. Appropriation bills also have had to compete for floor time on other matters, including legislation to combat the Zika virus and to provide debt relief to Puerto Rico. One other spending bill that could still get passed before the Senate departs in mid-July is the Pentagon funding measure, which McConnell has moved to consider.
Sen. Shelley Moore Capito (R-W.Va.), another Appropriations Committee member, noted that the Senate didn't pass a single standalone appropriations bill last year, due to a Democratic blockade. “We're making progress,” she said. “Not as much as I'd like.”
Not a single appropriations bill has made it to President Barack Obama's desk. The only one that has a chance is the veterans funding measure, but that is attached to the Zika package, which has inflamed partisan divisions and will only consume more oxygen on Capitol Hill.
When lawmakers return after Labor Day, they will have less than four weeks before the fiscal year ends. That will not leave much time to pass other spending bills, though McConnell has said he would like to return to the appropriations process come September. Ryan, meanwhile, refuses to discuss the prospect of a continuing resolution, which will be necessary to avoid a government shutdown past Sept. 30.
“I don't want to start talking about CR's because then that means we're shortchanging the process,” Ryan told reporters late last month, even as the process was running aground.
If Congress does pass an omnibus, the basis will be the 12 bills written by the House and Senate Committees, so all this year's work is not for naught.
But there's a growing sense that the entire system for funding the government — which was designed in the 1970s and has rarely worked as intended — needs an overhaul.
“I think we spend an awful lot of time sorting through a process that is by and large a fiction,” Murphy said. “It might be better to admit that it is all in the service of an omnibus, rather than pretending like we're going to pass these bills.”
Get the biggest Everton FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
TOM CLEVERLEY has revealed that Roberto Martinez is backing him to bag as many as 10 goals from midfield in his debut season for the Blues.
The 25-year-old joined Everton on a free transfer earlier this summer and is determined to be a scoring success at Goodison Park.
Cleverley rejected the advances of Aston Villa and Arsenal to join the Blues on a five-year-deal and said his relationship with Martinez was key to the move.
The pair worked together at Wigan Athletic in the 2011-12 campaign and the England international believes the Catalan is the manager who will get the very best out of him.
Cleverley made his Everton bow at Swindon Town on Saturday as a deep-lying midfielder but Martinez plans on playing the former Manchester United man further up the pitch this season.
And with the manager's backing, Cleverley is fully expecting to chip in with his fair share of goals.
“I think he knows that I am versatile,” Cleverley said.
“I've played centre-mid, I played out wide and I played in a diamond for Villa and I played central midfield at Swindon on Saturday and I enjoyed it but we've not talked too tactically yet.
“But I know he thinks I can score five to 10 goals a season and I need to show everyone that again.”
He added: “We had a year's experience together at Wigan and I think it's my trust in him to get the best out of me. That was one of the main reasons I came here.”
Cleverley made a name for himself as a goalscoring midfielder coming through the ranks at Old Trafford.
But after being used in deep position under David Moyes and then sidelined by Louis Van Gaal. the Bradford-born player went to Aston Villa on loan.
But it wasn't until Tim Sherwood took charge in the second-half of last season that Cleverley began to show his true form - and also started finding the back of the net.
Match-winning goals against Everton and West Ham proved vital to Villa's survival bid and Cleverley is ready to bring that renewed confidence to Goodison.
“That's definitely the plan,” he said.
“I got my confidence back in front of goal towards the end of the season and hopefully I can get into those forward positions more and more and get back scoring five to 10 games a season.”
Cleverley was speaking at a Premier Skills Community Festival alongside Romelu Lukaku and Gareth Barry.
The Premier League have helped train over 6,000 coaches in 25 different countries and the Blues players were at the Jalan Besar Stadium in Singapore on Tuesday to watch the coaches put local schoolchildren through a session.
A plane carrying 81 people, including football players from Brazil and journalists covering their match, has crashed in Colombia, with officials saying 76 people are confirmed dead.
The aircraft, carrying Brazil's first division Chapecoense Real football team among 72 passengers and nine crew, crashed late Monday near the Colombian city of Medellin.
"It's a tragedy of huge proportions," Medellin's Mayor Federico Gutierrez was quoted as saying on his way to the site in a mountainous area outside the city where aircraft crashed.
The civil aviation authority said five people have so far been rescued, including three Chapecoense players, but rescue operations were being complicated by heavy rains in the crash area.
The aircraft, a British Aerospace 146 short-haul plane operated by a Bolivian charter airline named Lamia, crashed in an area called Cerro Gordo about 50 km from Medellin, Colombia's second largest city.
Local radio said the same aircraft transported Argentina's national squad for a match earlier this month in Brazil.
Aviation authorities said the aircraft declared an emergency at 10 p.m. Monday (0300 GMT) due to an electrical failure. A Colombian mayor had earlier said the plane appeared to have run out of fuel.
The football team was due to play in a final for the South American Cup in Medellin on Wednesday.
A video on the team's Facebook page showed the squad readying for the flight earlier Monday in São Paulo's airport.
This photo shows members of the Chapecoense Real team readying for the flight in São Paulo's Guarulhos international airport, Nov. 28, 2016.
The team from the small city of Chapeco made it to the South American Cup finals last week by defeating Argentina's legendary San Lorenzo squad.
The Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) released its Annual Homeless Assessment Report (AHAR) to congress last week, assessing the homeless crisis from coast to coast.
In a surprising turnabout, HUD estimates that, while homelessness in general rose all across America (thanks to increases in major metros with high housing prices), the number of people chronically without housing declined year over year in San Francisco—albeit it by a small margin.
And yet, San Francisco's housing woes are still so drastic that more than one percent of America's homeless live within the small confines of San Francisco.
Here's some of the report's key findings:
Estimating the homeless population remains a tricky and elusive process. The HUD count is noticeably different from the city's own bi-annual homeless count and from figures provided by groups like the US Conference of Mayors. The HUD count, conducted on a single night in January, yielded a figure of 6,858 individuals in SF. That's a lot less than the city's own most recent count of 7,499 around the same time. But since point in time head counts are in imperfect tool at best, it's almost impossible to say which figure is closer to the truth.
2016 College Awards (All-Freshmen)
USA Ultimate is proud to announce the 2016 College All-Freshmen Teams and Freshmen of the Year!
Instituted in 2002, the college awards are a way for individual college players to be honored by their peers for their skill, athleticism, integrity, and leadership during this season.
All-Freshmen teams were determined by a peer voting process open to all college players on a roster for the 2016 college postseason. Players highlighted in green have won Freshman of the Year honors in their region/division.
2016 College Awards:
Please send any corrections to matthew@hq.usaultimate.org.
2016 College All-Freshmen Teams
All-Freshmen (Men's Division)
Atlantic Coast Men's All-Freshmen Connor Whiffen [Elon] Michael Sellers [High Point] Marcus Rovner [North Carolina] Darius Anglin [North Carolina-Asheville] Ethan Cole [North Carolina-Asheville] Chris Selwood [Richmond] Joe Freund [Virginia Tech] All-Freshmen (Women's Division) Atlantic Coast Women's All-Freshmen Rebecca Fagan [North Carolina] Anne Worth [North Carolina] Allison Bashford [North Carolina-Asheville] Katie Cubrilovic [North Carolina-State] Danielle Sawyer [North Carolina-State] Rachell Xu [North Carolina-Wilmington] Mary Wood [Virginia]
Back to top
All-Freshmen (Men's Division)
Great Lakes Men's All-Freshmen Jacob Cuthbert [Illinois] Ben Sabourin [Illinois] Josh Sanabria [Illinois State] Jeff Holm [Northwestern] Kyle Rutledge [Northwestern] Joe Byerly [Purdue] Tucker Born [Purdue] All-Freshmen (Women's Division) Great Lakes Women's All-Freshmen Jessica Hanlon [Chicago] Molly O'Donnell [Chicago] Phoebe Hopp [Michigan] Grace Goulson [Northwestern] Sarah Kim [Northwestern] Hindeke Tewodros [Northwestern] Meghan Cullen [Notre Dame]
Back to top
All-Freshmen (Men's Division)
Metro East Men's All-Freshmen Ben Reiser [Colgate] Victor Kao [NYU] Matthew Meserve [NYU] Charlie Coburn [Princeton] Dean Klimek [Rutgers] Peter Jeng [Rutgers] Tanner Yuhas [Rutgers] All-Freshmen (Women's Division) Metro East Women's All-Freshmen Irene Golden [Columbia] Yuge Xiao [Columbia] Raina Kamrat [Cornell] Angela Mao [Princeton] Fayth Kim [Rochester] Tuhina Bhat [Rutgers] Amy Hu [Rutgers]
Back to top
All-Freshmen (Men's Division)
New England Men's All-Freshmen Malcolm Hecht [Brown] Gabriel Fontes [Brandeis] Jordan Kaufman [Brandeis] Tannor Johnson [Massachusetts] Dylan Salzman [Middlebury] Eric Chen [Tufts] Jack Conant [Vermont] All-Freshmen (Women's Division) New England Women's All-Freshmen Josie Gillett [Bates] Caitlyn Lee [Dartmouth] Jaclyn Verzuh [Dartmouth] Meredith Bernstein [Tufts] Emily Decker [Tufts] Olivia Phillips [Vermont] Megan Tammaro [Vermont]
Back to top
All-Freshmen (Men's Division)
North Central Men's All-Freshmen Tim Schoch [Carleton College] Ben Joerger [Iowa State] Griffin Bergers [Michigan Tech] Sam Kaminsky [Minnesota] Cole Wallin [Minnesota] Peter Murry [Luther] Jacob Elias [Wisconsin]
All-Freshmen (Women's Division) North Central Women's All-Freshmen Sylvie Polonsky [Carleton College] Megan Halverson [Iowa State] Louise Beck [Minnesota] Kayla Blanek [Minnesota] Hannah Cowan [Minnesota] Abbie Leschinsky [Nebraska] Kim Nissen [St Olaf]
Back to top
All-Freshmen (Men's Division)
Northwest Men's All-Freshmen Hugh Knapp [British Columbia] Will Lohre [Oregon] Leandro Marx [Oregon] Xander Cuizon Tice [Oregon] Taylor White [Oregon State] Trey Taylor [Utah] Robert Farwell [Whitman] All-Freshmen (Women's Division) Northwest Women's All-Freshmen Jianhui Kettunen [Puget Sound] Delaney Rudy [Puget Sound] Anna Fox [Victoria] Sophie Johansen [Washington] Hannah Filley [Whitman] Samiya Ismail [Western Washington] Livia Amarosi [Whitman]
Back to top
All-Freshmen (Men's Division)
Ohio Valley Men's All-Freshmen Mark Fertal [Case Western Reserve] Nick Longo [Case Western Reserve] Kunal Rath [Case Western Reserve] Tal Cohen [Penn State] Nathaniel Donaher [Penn State] Nate Long [Penn State] Michael Ing [Pittsburgh] All-Freshmen (Women's Division) Ohio Valley Women's All-Freshmen Megan Harris [Akron] Jane Carsey [Case Western Reserve] Andrea Mael [Case Western Reserve] Abby Cheng [Oberlin] Helen Samuel [Oberlin] Lakshmi Ilango [Pittsburgh] Katie Schreiber [Pittsburgh]
Back to top
All-Freshmen (Men's Division)
South Central Men's All-Freshmen Zane Barber [Colorado] Dylan Hanel [Colorado] Jake Marrapode [Colorado State] Hudson Martin [Colorado State] Jeremy Katz [Kansas] Brian Walker [Rice] Timmy Robinson [Texas A&M] All-Freshmen (Women's Division) South Central Women's All-Freshmen Britta Bergstrom [Colorado] Emma Capra [Colorado] Fiona Dragonfly [Colorado] Marlee Akerson [Colorado College] Kiera Connelly [Colorado College] Frances Gellert [Colorado College] Kiera Lindgren [Colorado State]
Back to top
All-Freshmen (Men's Division)
Southeast Men's All-Freshmen Zach Good [Central Florida] Michael Bartell [Emory] Daniel Sperling [Emory] Mason Cary [Georgia] Connor Brownell [Georgia Tech] Micah Jo [Georgia Tech] Jeffrey Minowa [Georgia Tech] Zach Karpen [Tulane]
Note: Eight players were named because of a tie for the last spot.
All-Freshmen (Women's Division) Southeast Women's All-Freshmen Sarah Gifford [Central Florida] Leah Gilbert-Odem [Emory] Anna Glass [Emory] Lindsi Allman [Florida State] Brita McAuliffe [Georgia Tech] Allison Wong [Georgia Tech] Sofia Lima [Vanderbilt]
Back to top
All-Freshmen (Men's Division)
Southwest Men's All-Freshmen Paul Han [California] Nicholas Dahms [Chico State] Logan Martin [Chico State] Robert Horewitz [San Diego State] Ryan Wilbanks [San Diego State] Nick Hirning [Stanford] Max Melin [Stanford]
All-Freshmen (Women's Division) Southwest Women's All-Freshmen Leanne Go [California-San Diego] Kelli Iwamoto [California-San Diego] Rose Soiffer-Kosins [Claremont] Valentina Valdez [Southern California] Hallie Dunham [Stanford] Rachel Thomson [Stanford] Emily Beck [UCLA]
Back to top
Have any questions or comments? We welcome community feedback and discussion made in a respectful manner. Please refrain from profanity or personal attacks, as such public comments negatively reflect on our sport and community.
photo: Kevin Houle via flickr
Hey, this green thing's catching on! Not that anyone reading this likely needed convincing that solar power's a good thing, but a new survey shows that a lot of other people now think similarly. According to the SCHOTT Solar Barometer report a whopping 98% of Independents, 97% of Democrats and 91% of Republicans think that developing solar power is in the vital interests of the United States. On the flip side of this, only 3% of people surveyed thought that favoring coal was a good direction for the country to head. Additionally, a near-equal amount of Democrats (72%), Republicans (72%) and Independents (74%) thought that extending federal tax credits were a good way to encourage further development of solar. Granted this is a survey conducted by two groups with an overt economic stake in the results, but the figures are certainly compelling.
According to the Solar Energy Industries Association the US has a potential capacity of 7,000 GW in the Southwest alone. In 2007 US solar installations grew at a rate of 45%, making the US the fourth largest market in the world behind Germany, Japan and Spain.
You can take a look at the questions asked in the survey and summaries of the responses on the SEIA website.
via :: Renewable Energy World
Three more on US Solar Power:
California May Tinker With Solar Subsidies
Turning Big Box Stores into Solar Power Plants in California
If Green Tax Credits Go, Say Goodbye to 116,000 U.S. Jobs
Illustration: Ben Ruby
Craig Venter thinks that sending living organisms to other galaxies on spaceships is "definitely" science fiction. It's much more realistic, he thinks, to print them on-site using digital representations of their genome. He calls this "biological teleportation."
Essentially emailing medicine and organisms back and forth between Earth and other planets is just one of the far-future implications of a device developed by Synthetic Genomics, a company founded by Venter, a superstar geneticist and biotechnologist. The tabletop device is called the Digital-to-Biological Converter, or DBC for short, and without a fancy box it looks like a bunch of complicated mechanical crap laid out on a table. The device accepts digital representations of DNA over the internet and reconstructs them on the spot using the chemical building blocks of life—adenine, cytosine, guanine, and thymine. You might recognize their initials from the movie Gattaca.
"Just like a printer, it needs cassettes, but instead of colours, it's bottles of chemicals," Venter said over the phone. "It's packaging complex biology that each of our tiny cells do remarkably well at a much, much smaller scale."
The DBC. Image: Nature Biotechnology/Venter et. al.
Venter, who pioneered genome sequencing in humans, has been at the centre of some of the biggest genetics breakthroughs of our time. He has been teasing the advent of the DBC for years in interviews, and in his 2013 book, Life at the Speed of Light. Along the way, Synthetic Genomics developed a precursor to the DBC called the BioXp, which can construct DNA, but not quite from scratch. After the BioXp was used to quickly synthesize an avian flu vaccine in 2013, Venter says that SpaceX's Elon Musk expressed interest in using a futuristic DBC to print terraforming bacteria on Mars.
"Getting antimicrobials and vaccines to space is going to be important‚ and not at the slow pace of rocketships," said Venter.
Now the DBC has become more than just a futuristic curio, with a peer-reviewed paper published this month in Nature Biotechnology. The paper describes the system in detail, and lays out some of its successes: it can print DNA, RNA (key for decoding DNA instructions), viruses, some kinds of vaccines, and bacteriophages to kill infections. It can also print the synthetic bacterium developed by Venter last year, which, with just 437 genes, is the simplest life ever, according to him.
Read More: The Simplest Living Organism Ever Has 437 Genes and Was Made in a Laboratory
This paper and the attention that Venter hopes it will garner could be the start of a worldwide revolution in medicine—if enough people buy into the idea, and the DBC itself, that is. Right now, it has some issues. Namely, synthesizing DNA with the device is an incredibly wasteful and expensive process, and it isn't totally error-proof. But Venter is optimistic.
"If you had [a DBC] hooked up to your desktop computer, we could email you insulin or a vaccine, and the device would produce it for you ready-to-go," Venter said. "If you think about all the protein-based drugs that are out there… If you can get those by email instead of getting them from the pharmacy, is conceptually going to be a very different world."
Visualizations of the printer and how it works. Image: Nature Biotechnology
The idea, as Venter describes it, is for every major hospital, clinic, and corporation in the world to own a DBC. If a viral outbreak hits, the vaccine could be sent around the world in a digital file in minutes and produced locally, instead of being stockpiled and shipped out. "We could stop pandemics in their tracks," Venter said.
I phoned Daniel Gibson, a scientist at Synthetic Genomics who invented the DNA assembly process known as Gibson assembly. He was just as fired up as Venter when it came to the near-term medical applications of the DBC. But when it came to Venter's far-future aspirations in space, he was more pragmatic, and said it's best "not to get too distracted."
Venter credits Gibson with much of the nitty-gritty work in developing the DBC, and so Gibson knows exactly how much more work there is to be done before we can print DNA constructs larger than viruses—perhaps even people—in space.
"As DNA constructs are synthesized, about 99.999 percent of the raw materials go to waste—it's an incredibly wasteful and expensive process," Gibson said. "We're trying to solve that, so instead of building two genes with 20 liters of waste, how about building 2,000 genes with just a few millilitres of waste? That will dramatically reduce the cost of DNA synthesis, reduce the waste, improve the process, make it more robust."
A visualization of the steps that are automated by the converter. Image: Nature Biotechnology
Synthesizing DNA is also prone to introducing unwanted mutations, Gibson said. The DBC as described in the Nature paper has this pretty well worked out for the size of DNA constructs it can currently print, but as they move to more complex organisms, the threat of introducing mutations increases.
"All it takes is one DNA base to be incorrect for a protein not to work, or a therapeutic to not do what it's supposed to, or for a cell to not be functional," Gibson cautioned.
Getting the DBC to fulfill some of Venter's further afield ideas is going to take all of the tech that Synthetic Genomics has developed already, as well as techniques that they haven't even thought of yet, Gibson said.
"Look how fast we went from the Wright brothers' plane to supersonic jets, or from very crude DNA synthesis methods to now doing a human genome on average every 12 to 15 minutes, 24 hours a day," said Venter, who sequenced his own genome and released it to the world way back in 2007. "The DBC is more akin to the Wright brothers' first plane rather than to the ultimate biological teleporter."
Even if that never works out, revolutionizing how the world deals with viral outbreaks and ushering in a new era of on-site medicine wouldn't be a bad consolation prize.
Get six of our favorite Motherboard stories every day by signing up for our newsletter .
TV Reviews All of our TV reviews in one convenient place.
While Sherlock Holmes is intended to be one of the world's smartest detectives, there's one variable that makes the audience likely to solve the mystery in “The Rat Race” before he does. Sherlock eventually figures out that “the secretary did it,” as Donna Kaplan somehow managed to plot the death of multiple corporate employees such that her own boss would rise in the company ladder. However, an eagle-eyed viewer could have made the same observation by noting that Donna, a nondescript role in the beginning of the episode, was played by Molly Price, whom I recognize from Third Watch and her recent stint on Shameless. It's the first mystery of the season that goes beyond dull to damaging, the conclusion so blatantly foreshadowed by a combination of exposition and casting that it's hard to even consider it a mystery.
Advertisement
The question is whether that truly matters. As much as the mystery is a disappointment, “The Rat Race” is Elementary's best episode yet in terms of emphasizing its evolving character dynamics. The mystery may seem perfunctory, but that allows for Sherlock's drug problem to return to the surface, and leaves room for a more substantial B-story through which Watson starts to discover how her time with Sherlock is—for better or worse—changing her perspective on life. While shaggy in terms of its episodic plot, pivoting wildly to position the characters according to the writers' wishes, those positions explore ideas that have to this point in the series' run been taken for granted. The result is an episode that, while perhaps less forgivable later in the season, feels like a step forward, even if the viewer ends up five steps ahead of Sherlock when it comes to the mystery at hand.
Building on a conversation in the comments last week, it was interesting to see Sherlock start the episode with a “civilian” mystery looking into a missing executive for a Wall Street firm. The idea of Sherlock stepping in before the police are allowed to be a nice little inversion, at least until the point where it just became another murder partway through the episode. The in medias res opening—can we cut it out with those, television?—certainly suggested something more than just a businessman with a taste for high class prostitutes, but the speed at which this becomes a typical mystery was a disappointment.
However, if you break the storyline down, you can understand how this design serves the writers' needs. The low stakes of the early investigation ensure that Sherlock and Watson's banter doesn't seem in poor taste, allowing the introduction of Watson's suitor to avoid the baggage of a murder hanging over the occasion. Discovering the executive's body, meanwhile, marks a shift in their banter: Suddenly, the situation is more serious, especially given the nature of the man's death. It's the first time drugs have been actively involved in one of the show's cases, and the moment is handled well on all fronts: Jonny Lee Miller sells the way Sherlock tries to brush it off but is nonetheless affected by it, while Lucy Liu shifts into “sober companion” mode without losing the increasingly personal nature of their relationship. From that point forward, the episode is less about banter and more about how their partnership helps each handle the problems they might face in their daily lives (with even the innocuous “ambush setup” taking on a more serious tone).
Advertisement
This manifests most obviously in the episode's climax, wherein a text sent from Sherlock's phone doesn't feature the requisite acronyms, alerting Watson to the fact it was sent by Donna and not Sherlock (and confirming he was in danger). It's a silly bit of cyclical storytelling, but it does transform a piece of the early light banter—Sherlock's indecipherable IMLTHO—into a key to the mystery, which speaks to the episode's larger trajectory. The bantering about Watson's hairstyle adjustments or the tricks for convincing someone to let you into an apartment without a search warrant can seem like a short term distraction, but it's building the dynamics which will allow the show to get away with the occasional weak mystery. While the show isn't yet at the point where it can coast by on the dynamic, the writers are smart to acknowledge that dynamic wherever possible, and allowing it to play a role in the central mystery is effective (if, yes, also a bit cheesy).
“The Rat Race” also allows Watson's B-story to expand into different, more meaningful territory than one might expect. Rather than Sherlock getting in the way of her relationship, which we saw with her ex-boyfriend back in “While You Were Sleeping,” Sherlock's methods lead her to investigate the relationship more carefully. The idea of Sherlock rubbing off on Watson is central to the evolution of their partnership, and nicely establishes the way it changes how she sees people, and how her sense of trust shifts when she's watching for lies and performing some casual internet stalking. The actual story—a secret, nefarious green card marriage—ends up a bit hokey, but I appreciated that the narrative wasn't about Sherlock's meddling so much as Sherlock's more indirect influence on his new partner.
The episode's other intervention was in the reveal of Sherlock's drug problem to Gregson, finally giving Aidan Quinn something to do. While last week's episode hinged on Sherlock's interaction with the killer, here, it was more about his interaction with his partners, and his final scene with Gregson hits the right tone. Sherlock's vulnerability feels real, but the scene avoids becoming too maudlin by having Gregson reveal he's known all along but chose to keep it a secret. There's a paternal quality to Quinn's performance in the scene, and it reframes the relationship along those lines: Gregson's willingness to bring Sherlock on despite knowing about his time in rehab shows that he, like Watson, wants to assist in his rehabilitation. In addition to the earlier scare at the crime scene, Elementary is not letting the drug angle fade away, instead using it to facilitate productive character building. I don't know how long the show will be able to use it in this way without it become a cliché, but it was effective here.
Advertisement
“The Rat Race” will fade away in terms of its mystery, with Price's Donna lacking the energy of the Balloon Man and the twists and turns proving more functional than memorable. However, the Gregson and Sherlock scene seems as though it will be foundational to whatever relationship they build over time, while Sherlock and Watson's influence on one another is steadily moving along with each episode. While subtle, what I like best about this dynamic is that it doesn't seem dependent on outright conflict. Sherlock is annoying, but Watson's commitment to him doesn't waver, and you get the sense she's doing more than just putting up with him. While still a bit rough around the edges, I feel the same way about Elementary. Rather than simply putting up with the show, it's growing in ways that have increased my investment in the characters and their future, an important first step for any procedural.
Stray observations:
Do we think the company name, Canon Ebersole, was a reference to anything or anyone in particular? I thought of Christine Ebersole immediately, but it may just be a random pairing of words.
Seriously, though: Is there anything more jarring in a procedural than a recognizable actress sitting silently as a random background character in a boardroom sequence? She might as well be wearing a funny hat and a t-shirt that says “I did it.”
It's interesting that Gregson is really the only element of the show that registers as a distinct, clear piece of adaptation. Looking over the character's Wikipedia entry offers some insight into his dynamic with Holmes in this episode in particular, and I'll be curious if the role expands (as it well could, since Quinn is capable of rising to the occasion).
Speaking of Aidan Quinn, it's probably cruel of me to always remember him first as the father in the Project Greenlight movie, right?
Another mention of Sherlock and Watson becoming a couple, and another outright rejection of the idea. Do we still think that well is too deep to be ignored? Or are they going to be able to resist and move forward with a purely platonic relationship?
It was brought up in the comments last week that Sherlock might face immigration restrictions on employment, but it appears that Elementary will be glossing over this bureaucratic nightmare, which I've experienced personally. Someday, television will document our struggle.
Minister of Veterans Affairs Seamus O'Regan responds to a question during Question Period in the House of Commons in Ottawa on Friday October 20, 2017.
The number of veterans waiting to find out whether they qualify for disability benefits has skyrocketed over the last eight months, new figures show, leaving thousands of former military members in limbo.
Veterans Affairs Canada says there were about 29,000 applications for disability benefits in the queue waiting to be processed at the end of November — a nearly 50 per cent increase since the end of March.
Nearly one-third of those applications have been in the line for more than 16 weeks, which is also an increase since the spring and a sign that wait times are continuing to grow.
Veterans' advocates have long criticized how long some retired service members have been forced to wait to find out whether they qualify for support and services after sustaining an injury in uniform.
Federal auditor general Michael Ferguson also previously flagged concerns about delays in processing applications from those who have suffered psychological trauma.
But revelations of the actual size of the backlog have prompted fresh surprise and shock, as well as concerns about the impact on the thousands of veterans having to deal with months of uncertainty over their claims.
“It's so important for people in transitioning to civilian life and can impact a whole bunch of factors, including the ability to pay your bills,” said Scott Maxwell, executive director of Wounded Warriors Canada.
“In some cases, it can mean the difference between being a homeless veteran and not.”
Veterans Affairs Minister Seamus O'Regan admitted the government needs to do better to ensure disabled veterans get the benefits they need and deserve and said action is being taken.
That includes hiring hundreds more staff, streamlining the way Veterans Affairs officials review files to speed up processing times and giving veterans more benefit of the doubt when it comes to approving benefits.
“More veterans are coming forward to get the help they need,” O'Regan said in a statement. “And we need to meet them where and when they need that support.”
But such promises have been made before and are starting to ring hollow as the problem continues to get worse, said Peter Stoffer, a former NDP MP and longtime veterans' advocate.
“If you go back to (former minister) Fred Mifflin in 1997, he said the exact same thing,” Stoffer said.
“All 13 ministers since '97 have said the exact same thing: ‘We have to do a better job, we're speeding up the process.' And it's getting worse, to be honest with you.”
Exactly why the backlog is growing remains unclear; while Veterans Affairs says it received 20 per cent more applications between April 2015 and March 2016, that doesn't explain why the figures increased this year.
And while the department was hit hard by budget cuts and layoffs under the previous Conservative government, the Liberals say they have hired 460 new staff since taking office.
News of the backlog comes only days after a landmark new study found the rate of suicide among veterans was “significantly” higher than that of the general population.
A group of injured veterans also suffered a major setback last week when the B.C. Court of Appeal rejected their legal effort to win back lifelong disability pensions.
The pensions were replaced in 2006 by a lump-sum payment, career training and targeted income support, which those involved in the lawsuit complained gave them less financial compensation.
O'Regan has promised to unveil a new pension plan by the end of the year, though many veterans fear it will fall far short of the previous pensions.
CVE-2017-2416 Remote code execution triggered by malformed GIF in ImageIO framework, affecting most iOS/macOS apps
ImageIO Available for: iPhone 5 and later, iPad 4th generation and later, iPod touch 6th generation and later Impact: Processing a maliciously crafted image may lead to arbitrary code execution Description: A memory corruption issue was addressed through improved input validation. CVE-2017-2416: flanker_hqd of KeenLab, Tencent
Abstract
(For Chinese version of this writeup see https://blog.flanker017.me/cve-2017-2416-gif-rce-chn/)
Recently I've switched my main research focus back from Apple stuff to Android and browsers. While I was auditing a custom image parsing library written by some ppls, I transferred the test case image manipulated by 010editor via a popular IM messenger, and all of a sudden, the app crashed. I investigated the crash and found it is a issue in ImageIO library, and can be automatically triggered in all kinds of iOS/macOS apps that receives GIF images, especially the ones for instant messaging, such as Signal, Telegram, Slack, iMessage etc and Email clients such as Mail, Outlook, Inbox, Gmail , etc and even financial apps that want to be an IM such as Alipay . All these apps will crash on receiving the malicious GIF.
I haven't test Twitter, but should you find a way to post the malformed GIF online (which I think can be done by manipulated the post stream to bypass the frontend filtering, but I was too busy to try that), the client should also crash as well.
What make things worse is that many clients will automatically reload and reparse the image on open, triggering the vulnerability again and again, lead to infinite loop and eliminating the need for attacker to persistent – -b
DEMO video1
The first video demonstrates receiving malformed gif file via iMessage lead to crash
DEMO video2
the second video demonstrates persistence (user cannot open iMessage anymore…)
Crash trace
* thread #1: tid = 0x17570, 0x00007fff9557f1ab ImageIO`IIOReadPlugin::IIOReadPlugin(CGImagePlus*, unsigned int, unsigned int, long long, unsigned char) + 67, queue = 'com.apple.main-thread', stop reason = EXC_BAD_ACCESS (code=EXC_I386_GPFLT) frame #0: 0x00007fff9557f1ab ImageIO`IIOReadPlugin::IIOReadPlugin(CGImagePlus*, unsigned int, unsigned int, long long, unsigned char) + 67 ImageIO`IIOReadPlugin::IIOReadPlugin: -> 0x7fff9557f1ab <+67>: mov al, byte ptr [rdi + 0x40] 0x7fff9557f1ae <+70>: mov qword ptr [rbx + 0x20], rdi 0x7fff9557f1b2 <+74>: mov byte ptr [rbx + 0xc8], al 0x7fff9557f1b8 <+80>: xor eax, eax Thread 0 Crashed:: Dispatch queue: com.apple.main-thread 0 com.apple.ImageIO.framework 0x00007fffa144d1ab IIOReadPlugin::IIOReadPlugin(CGImagePlus*, unsigned int, unsigned int, long long, unsigned char) + 67 1 com.apple.ImageIO.framework 0x00007fffa14b8c93 GIFReadPlugin::InitProc(CGImagePlugin*, unsigned long, unsigned long) + 59 2 com.apple.ImageIO.framework 0x00007fffa14177da IIOImageSource::makeImagePlus(unsigned long, __CFDictionary const*) + 252 3 com.apple.ImageIO.framework 0x00007fffa141918b IIOImageSource::getPropertiesAtIndexInternal(unsigned long, __CFDictionary const*) + 57 4 com.apple.ImageIO.framework 0x00007fffa141911c IIOImageSource::copyPropertiesAtIndex(unsigned long, __CFDictionary const*) + 98 5 com.apple.ImageIO.framework 0x00007fffa13f03ca CGImageSourceCopyPropertiesAtIndex + 181 6 com.apple.AppKit 0x00007fff9cfdbcae +[NSBitmapImageRep _imagesWithData:hfsFileType:extension:zone:expandImageContentNow:includeAllReps:] + 543 7 com.apple.AppKit 0x00007fff9cfdba68 +[NSBitmapImageRep _imageRepsWithData:hfsFileType:extension:expandImageContentNow:] + 93 8 com.apple.AppKit 0x00007fff9d4bf08e -[NSImage _initWithData:fileType:hfsType:] + 479
Almost all image related functions on Apple platform calls down to [NSImage _initWithData:fileType:hfsType:] , and IIOImageSource dispatches image parsing to corresponding plugin based on signature detection (note: not based on file extension). This feature will be useful afterwards.
Sample file to test if you're vulnerable
Test image sample:
Sample PNG Sample GIF
Grab an image file and change the width/height field to both negative short whose unsigned form value larger than 0xff00.
Drag it into /send to any macOS/iOS application and if it crashes, you're vulnerable.
Analysis
The root cause seems to be at GIFReadPlugin::init function, in the following decompiled snippet:
v32 = (signed __int16)width * (signed __int64)height; if ( v32 > filesize * 1100 * v29 ) { LOBYTE(aspectbyte) = 0; v15 = 0LL; if ( this->gapC0[8] ) { LOBYTE(aspectbyte) = 0; LogError( "init", 498, "malformed GIF file (%d x %d) - [canvasSize: %ld fileSize: %ld ratio: %d]
", (unsigned int)(signed __int16)width, (unsigned int)(height), // width >> 16 is height (signed __int16)width * (signed __int64)SHIWORD(width), filesize, v32 / filesize); v15 = 0LL; } goto LABEL_71; } __text:00000000000CC51F movsx rax, r9w __text:00000000000CC523 mov ecx, r9d __text:00000000000CC526 shr ecx, 10h __text:00000000000CC529 movsx rbx, cx __text:00000000000CC52D imul rbx, rax __text:00000000000CC531 imul rdx, r12, 44Ch __text:00000000000CC538 mov rax, rdx __text:00000000000CC53B imul rax, rsi __text:00000000000CC53F cmp rbx, rax
An attacker can craft an image of negative height and weight, thus bypassing the check comparing to file size, lead to following out-of-bound. As I have mentioned above, the dispatching is based on file signature rather than file extension. I noticed some applications' web interfaces have check on the size of GIF images, preventing me from spreading this POC to mobile apps. However they do not have check on PNG extension, allowing me to upload the malformed GIF image in PNG extension, bypassing the check and crashes whoever receives it.
While this does make sense, after Apple releases the fix I checked the new ImageIO binary and found the fix actually goes another way. Recall the crash happens in IIOReadPlugin::IIOReadPlugin, in the following pseudo code at 10.11.2/3:
bool __fastcall IIOReadPlugin::IIOReadPlugin(IIOReadPlugin *a1, __int64 a2, int a3, int a4, __int64 a5, unsigned __int8 a6) { unsigned __int8 v6; // r14@1 IIOReadPlugin *this; // rbx@1 __int64 v8; // rax@1 __int64 sessionwrap; // rdi@1 IIOImageReadSession *session; // rax@2 IIOImageRead *v11; // rdi@2 __int64 v12; // rax@2 __int64 *v13; // rcx@5 __int64 v14; // rdx@5 bool result; // al@5 v6 = a6; this = a1; a1->vt = (__int64)off_1659D0; a1->field_8 = a2; v8 = *(_QWORD *)(a2 + 24); a1->field_10 = v8; a1->field_38 = a3; a1->field_3c = a4; a1->field_30 = a5; sessionwrap = *(_QWORD *)(v8 + 24); if ( sessionwrap ) { session = (IIOImageReadSession *)CGImageReadSessionGetSession(sessionwrap); //session is invalid this->session = session; v11 = (IIOImageRead *)session->imageread; //oob happens here and lead to crash LOBYTE(session) = v11->field_40; this->field_20 = (__int64)v11; this->field_c8 = (char)session; v12 = 0LL; if ( v11 ) v12 = IIOImageRead::getSize(v11); } else { this->field_20 = 0LL; this->session = 0LL; this->field_c8 = 1; v12 = 0LL; } And now apple changes the if-block in 10.12.4: a1->field_8 = cgimgplus; imageplus = CGImagePlusGetIPlus(cgimgplus); a1->field_10 = imageplus; a1->field_38 = v9; a1->field_3c = v8; a1->field_30 = v7; v12 = *(_QWORD *)(imageplus + 32); a1->field_18 = v12; imageread = *(IIOImageRead **)(v12 + 32); if ( imageread ) { v10->field_c8 = *((_BYTE *)imageread + 64); v10->field_20 = (__int64)imageread; v14 = IIOImageRead::getSize(imageread); } else { v10->field_c8 = 0; v10->field_20 = 0LL; v14 = 0LL; }
Removing the usage of IIOImageReadSession in this function. Is it better than fixing the size change? Dunno.
Custom fix?
For app developers who want to mitigate this issue for users staying at old versions, I suggest check for negative width and height before passing to NSImage.
I believe this vulnerability is introduced in iOS 10, so iOS 9/OSX 10.11 users are not affected (how many ppls are still using iOS9? Raise your hands). For iOS 10/macOS 10.12 users, please upgrade to 10.3/10.12.4 for the official fix.
Timeline
Stereoscopic panoramas promise an inviting, immersive experience for viewers but, at high resolutions, distortions can develop that make viewing unpleasant or even intolerable. A team at Disney Research Zurich has found methods to correct these problems, yielding high-quality panoramas at megapixel resolutions.
The researchers will present findings related to their so-called Megastereo project at the IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR), June 25-27, in Portland, Oregon.
Using software to digitally stitch overlapping images together into large panoramas has become popular and commonplace, with stitching tools available even in some consumer cameras. Methods for creating stereo panoramas that add the impression of depth to standard 2D panoramas also have been developed, but problems arise when applied to high resolution images.
"Images captured at higher resolution and quality often pose novel challenges," explained Alexander Sorkine-Hornung, research scientist at Disney Research Zurich. When such images are stitched into a stereo panorama, the results may be buildings that seem to sway wildly or expand and contract as perspective shifts. Likewise, people or objects that look three-dimensional from one perspective may appear flat as the line of sight changes.
The problems arise when left eye/right eye parallax views are introduced in a panorama to create the impression of depth. Such a panorama could be created using two cameras that capture images for each eye, but more commonly a 360-degree panorama is captured with a single, rotating camera. By mounting the camera on an offset arm, it's possible to capture images at varying centers of projection, so that a stereoscopic image can be produced by stitching together specific strips from the input views. But artifacts such as visible seams between photos that might be bearable in a regular panorama can lead to an intolerable experience when viewing stereo panoramas at high resolutions. For instance, the wide angle lenses typically used to create panoramas make objects near the edges of images appear larger than those in the center. When such images are stitched together in a horizontal stereo panorama, it can create vertical parallax that causes buildings or other objects at the top of the panorama to tilt or sway as the viewer's perspective changes.
The Disney Research team developed methods for correcting the optical distortion of the wide angle lenses, as well as correcting less-than-perfect camera orientations, such as when images are captured with a handheld camera. Other problems relate to visible seams between images that have been stitched together, such as lines or walls that should be straight but appear wavy or crooked. One reason for such problems is that cameras capture light rays from only a limited amount of pixels per view as well as a limited number of camera viewpoints. "Simply capturing more and higher resolution images usually isn't feasible and, more importantly, doesn't fully resolve the issues," Sorkine-Hornung said. To counteract the root problem, the team developed an optical flow-based upsampling method, which interpolates what light rays are missing in between.
The team found that their techniques for correcting problems in 360-degree stereo panoramas were robust and could apply to other sorts of panoramas, such as linear panoramas where, instead of rotating on a fixed base, a camera is mounted on a car or otherwise moves in a straight line.
In addition to Sorkine-Hornung, the team included Christian Richardt, Yael Pritch and Henning Zimmer, all of Disney Research Zurich; Zimmer also is a post-doctoral researcher at ETH Zurich and Richardt is a post-doctoral researcher in the REVES group at INRIA Sophia-Antipolis in France. More information about the study, including a video, is available at http://www. disneyresearch. com/ project/ megastereo/
###
About Disney Research
Disney Research is a network of research laboratories supporting The Walt Disney Company. Its purpose is to pursue scientific and technological innovation to advance the company's broad media and entertainment efforts. Disney Research is managed by an internal Disney Research Council co-chaired by Disney-Pixar's Ed Catmull and Walt Disney Imagineering's Bruce Vaughn, and including the directors of the individual labs. It has facilities in Los Angeles, San Francisco, Pittsburgh, Boston and Zürich. Research topics include computer graphics, video processing, computer vision, robotics, radio and antennas, wireless communications, human-computer interaction, displays, data mining, machine learning and behavioral sciences.
Canadians like to brag about the shortness of their prime ministerial elections in contrast to the agonisingly long presidential contests of the United States — a bit of self-flattery that's true only in the narrowest sense. According to campaign law, Canada's 2015 national election lasted a mere 11 weeks, but if we want to get technical, a close reading of the Federal Election Commission rulebook says the 2016 contest between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton comprised a brisk 13-week period between the party conventions in the summer and voting day in early November.
In reality, of course, both countries consider their elections to have de facto started the second it becomes obvious who will be leading the major parties into battle. With Andrew Scheer having already been appointed leader of the Conservative Party of Canada back in May, this month's selection of Jagmeet Singh as head of the New Democratic Party (NDP) means Canada has now officially passed that mark — a full two years before the October 21, 2019, general election. While a lot can and will happen in Canadian politics before then, the world nevertheless enjoys a pretty clear view of the shape of debate that will consume the country as Prime Minister Justin Trudeau fends off two competent rivals to seek a second term.
While the three would-be PMs represent distinct ideological traditions — Trudeau and Singh on the Left with Scheer on the Right — their similarities are substantial.
All men were born in the 1970s, for one, making this Canada's youngest-ever prime ministerial contest. As a consequence of their youth, all have resumes dominated by politics at the expense of much else — Trudeau was a infamous dilettante before getting elected to parliament at age 36; Singh joined the Ontario legislature when he was 32, after working briefly as a lawyer, while Scheer hadn't even completed his bachelor's degree when he became an MP in 2004 at 25.
Though none can be fairly described as “millennial”, all personify youthful incarnations of their political movements.
Trudeau, as much of the world already knows, has achieved great success marketing himself as a sort of post-Barack Obama Obama, thoroughly literate in the vocabulary of tolerance and sensitivity that has come to define modern progressivism. The woke and winsome Singh offers similar appeal, and as the first non-white, non-Christian to lead a major Canadian party, he boasts an authenticity advantage. The pitch is more than a tad ironic, however, given progressive NDP voters tend to bash Trudeau precisely for using style to conceal a lack of skill. How exactly doubling down on charisma will make any easier the impossible tasks the Canadian Left has assigned itself — appeasing aboriginal people, achieving a perfect balance between environmental and economic anxiety — remains cryptic.
Conservative leader Scheer, meanwhile, while far from the alt-right, does embody a certain other stereotype of conservative youth — as the Onion put it, “young voters who dress and act like they're already 50 years old”. A former party staffer who venerates former United States president Ronald Reagan and former United Kingdom prime minister Margaret Thatcher, strenuously opposes tax hikes and was (until recently) a reliable foe of abortion, his squeaker election to the Tory leadership was a victory for consensus conservatism in the face of wilder alternatives.
Yet, establishment orthodoxy also brings the nervousness of young conservatives who feel chronically misunderstood, and with it, a desire to be liked by being “uncontroversial”, particularly on polarising social issues. Scheer has thus spent the first few months of his low-profile leadership wishing immigrant communities a happy this-or-that, and trying to distance himself from the politically incorrect outbursts of some of the less-disciplined members of his caucus. Yet, he never goes quite as far in that direction as some may like either, highlighting the difficult dance of a conservative politician in an era when so many on the right believe the primary purpose of centre-right politics is resisting the censorial power of the Left.
The first election following the ascension of a new Canadian prime minister is rarely that interesting or consequential. Often the results differ little from the previous outcome, and with three candidates who don't seem particularly disposed to expand their party's base, 2019 could be little different.
A mild decrease in his current popularity could see Trudeau's Liberal Party lose a few seats to the Conservatives or NDP in swing districts. Singh could perhaps make inroads in immigrant-heavy suburbs, but lose seats in Quebec on account of what we're supposed to euphemistically call his “outward religiosity” alienating many “secular” French Canadian voters. His obsession with beating Trudeau at the social justice game could similarly turn off some voters in rural NDP areas who traditionally expect the party to feign some blue-collar bona fides — though only if Scheer can market himself as a conservative with vaguely United States President Donald Trump-like counter-appeal (a tall order).
Even a mildly weakened re-election for Trudeau would give the two opposition leaders enough victory to save face, and given their age, both could easily justify hanging around for a rematch in 2023, when Trudeau would presumably seek a fairly precedented third term.
How's that for a long election?
— Washington Post
J.J. McCullough, a political commentator and cartoonist from Vancouver, is a columnist at Loonie Politics.
King Koopa's Dirty Secret Large leather backpack with soft spiky points
Large zippered interior big enough for a 16" Laptop
Extra deep zippered exterior pockets for your pens and accessories
The trick to taking out Bowser in 8-4 is to just hang back, jump over his first fireball, dodge his hammer throws, and fireball spam his spiky ass. Easiest boss battle ever. Truth is, he's not really as tough as he looks - that's not even a real spiked shell on his back. We know the secret, and the secret will blow your mind.
It is, in fact, a backpack. He's really just a big lizard with some reflux issues (hence the fireballs). He bought that backpack from ThinkGeek, and has been running around giving our favorite italian plumber a hard time ever since. Inside his Spikepack, he keeps a healthy supply of mushrooms, hammers, and a small number of Bob-ombs.
It's a good thing the backpack is big - he can carry quite a lot of things. If you were to somehow get a hold of his bag, you could easily cram a stack of schoolbooks, a giant laptop, all your power supplies, and still have room for your Nintendo DS and every cartridge you own... just in case you have time between classes to crank out a few levels.
Features
Donald Trump was about to deport an alleged rapist at the request of one of his rich Republican cronies — but the man's membership at one of Trump's resorts helped save him.
Donald Trump started his presidential campaign vowing to deport rapists and other criminals. But there's one alleged criminal whose membership at Trump's Mar-a-Lago helped convince Trump he should be allowed to stay in the United States.
The entire episode highlights how corruption, and the access that comes with corruption, has become standard operating procedure in the Trump administration.
Chinese businessman Guo Wengui has been in a back and forth with the Chinese government. He has accused several officials of corruption, while China has been investigating him for numerous offenses including bribery, kidnapping, fraud, money laundering, and rape.
Guo is currently in New York and has applied for asylum within the United States.
Trump — who has also threatened to greatly reduce the number of immigrants, refugees, and asylum seekers in the United States — first learned about Guo when he was handed a “letter that Steve brought” from the Chinese government at a private dinner at the White House.
The carrier was Steve Wynn, the casino mogul who relies on the Chinese government giving his company a license to operate in the Chinese territory of Macau for a property worth billions.
Wynn is also the finance chairman for the Republican National Committee. According to the Wall Street Journal, Trump said, after reading the letter, “We need to get this criminal out of the country.”
But Trump changed his mind when his aides informed him that Guo is a member of Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida.
Aides wanted to dissuade Trump from deporting Guo as a favor to “Steve” by also suggesting that Guo could be used as a bargaining chip in future discussions with China. That Guo has also put at least $100,000 for his membership initiation fee, plus another $14,000 in annual dues, into Trump's pocket might also have played a significant role in his decision.
The entire sordid episode highlights just how susceptible Trump is to corruption, apparently quick to make decisions based on his business relationships and his own personal bottom line.
His willingness to bypass traditional diplomatic avenues is alarming, and has contributed to Republicans publicly expressing concern about Trump undermining and “castrating” his own secretary of state, who called Trump a “moron.”
It also shows that Trump's aides know full well that invoking Mar-a-Lago is an effective way of persuading him to follow their advice. Trump uses the resort and his other properties as a pipeline to generate money for his personal accounts, even as he sits in the Oval Office representing America. He refuses to divest from his company, which makes it easy to trade money for access and favors.
No matter what the final outcome of the Guo case is, no matter the parties involved in swaying Trump's position, they all know that he is more than willing to give a leg up to whoever will give him a handout.
It is corruption in its purest form.
Get the biggest Spurs stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
With the Premier League season reaching its business end Tottenham Hotspur boss Mauricio Pochettino gave his players some much-needed rest.
Spurs have hit their stride in recent weeks and the 3-2 victory against Everton made it nine wins in a row at White Hart Lane - a Premier League record for the club.
Then Stoke's point at Manchester City ensured Tottenham remained second in the table going into the FA Cup quarter-final weekend.
With no midweek fixtures, football.london understands that the players were given Monday and Tuesday off by the manager to recharge their batteries before returning to training on Wednesday morning.
Eric Dier broke free from the usual footballer stereotypes to enjoy the culture of a trip to Venice during his time off.
He visited Doge's Palace in the Italian city before signing off the trip with an arty black and white photo of him travelling on Venice's trademark waterways with the farewell 'Ciao'.
Dele Alli's destination is less clear as while he first took a photo of himself about to enter an ice bath, he also took another of him later relaxing in what looked like the surrounding of a hotel room.
Mousa Dembele appeared to return home to Belgium, with a video popping up on Instagram of him extolling the virtues of Antwerp and why everyone should visit the city.
For those who can't speak the lingo (yes we asked someone else) the Belgian beast of a midfielder is wishing everybody in Antwerp a fine day, saying he hopes they like the city as much as he does. In fact he thinks it's the best city in the world, in his words.
Harry Kane videoed himself cycling by a river in the sunshine, but that may just have been a rare moment of British sun as he then went to catch The Weeknd performing at the O2 Arena in London on Tuesday night.
Vincent Janssen and Jan Vertonghen were among a number of players spotted walking very quickly out of the stadium after the Everton win with packed cases in tow.
The club even made light of Vertonghen's rapid departure with his speedy post-match interview going viral. He returned home with a photo posted of his wife and daughter to celebrate International Women's Day.
Kevin Wimmer also got in the family spirit as uploaded a shopping photo with younger members of his family.
The players all returned to training at Hotspur Way yesterday morning and Pochettino will be hoping they feel suitably refreshed for their FA quarter-final against giant-killers Millwall this Sunday at White Hart Lane.
The uniquely restrictive New York State law that is used to conceal the disciplinary histories of police officers — even some who have committed crimes — reared its head again last week in misconduct proceedings against the officer who brutalized the retired tennis player James Blake during a mistaken arrest in Manhattan last month.
The public has the right to be kept informed of police misconduct cases, especially at a time of heightened concern over police brutality. But when the city's Civilian Complaint Review Board substantiated excessive force charges against James Frascatore, the officer who attacked Mr. Blake, it was allowed to release its findings to Mr. Blake's lawyer but was barred from making them available to the public. Had Mr. Blake's attorney not released the information, the public would still be in the dark.
The state law on officers' histories is the only one of its kind in the nation. It was enacted in 1976 to prevent criminal defense lawyers from using freedom-of-information laws to gain access to personnel records for information to use against officers in trials.
The law says an officer's personnel record cannot be publicly released or cited in court without a judge's approval. But municipalities and courts have since broadened the definition of “personnel record” to shield almost any information. As a result police officers, who have more authority over the public than any other public-sector employees, are actually the least accountable. Citing this problem, the New York State Committee on Open Government, which advises government on privacy matters, has rightly called for the Legislature to repeal the statute.
Union minister of women and child development Maneka Gandhi has sought a detailed report from the station officer at the Chinhat police station in Lucknow after a sub-inspector on Sunday shot at a stray dog which had bitten him.
According to reports, sub-inspector Mahendra Pratap, a resident of Adarsh Nagar in Chinhat was heading for Barabanki for his duty when the dog bit him. The enraged cop returned home, picked up his licensed rifle and shot at the dog.
As news of the shooting and the local police's refusal to file a case against the cop spread, animal right activists demanded action.
Kamna Pandey, co-opt member of Animal Welfare Board of India complained to Maneka Gandhi, who then sought a detailed report from the officer at the Chinhat police post.
The condition of the animal was not known as it was not seen in the area after the incident.
“This is a serious case in which police must act against the sub-inspector. Despite taking up the matter with the SO, no FIR has been lodged. They claim the dog was not killed but ran away from the area,” Pandey said.
“What if the bullet had hit some passer-by? What will happen if the dog is killed? As far as I am concerned, it seems to be a revengeful act. I have learnt that Maneka Gandhi has sought a detailed report. I will also send her a report to create pressure on police to file an FIR,” said Pandey.
But station officer at the Chinhat police station, Surendra Katiyar insists there was no complaint against the sub inspector. “Police reached the spot but no one came forward to file a report. So without a complaint how can we file an FIR?”
The officer said he will act according to law if anyone files a report.
First Published: Sep 12, 2016 10:39 IST
A sentencing hearing in the case of six male teens in Nova Scotia who shared intimate images of at least 20 teenage girls without their consent has been delayed until September.
Sentencing was supposed to happen Monday in Bridgewater provincial court, however defence attorneys asked to have the sentencing adjourned. Judge Paul Scovil determined it was a "reasonable situation" and granted the adjournment.
Five of the six teens appeared in court on Monday.
The sentencing has been put over until Sept. 6.
The boys have admitted to forming a private Facebook group where they decided to exchange intimate photos of girls ranging in age from 13 to 17.
They created two Dropbox accounts to make it easier to share the pictures.
One of the largest cases of its kind involving youth
All victims were asked to submit victim impact statements and were offered an opportunity to participate in programming similar to restorative justice — all victims declined. Crown attorney Peter Dostal said it's still too soon for many of the girls to face the young men who shared their images.
"I think everyone's disappointed this couldn't be done today," Dostal said of the sentencing delay as he spoke with reporters outside the court.
"I think that not the least of which are the victims of this offence in that we do believe that they do continue to suffer from the impact that this offence has brought up and each time it's come back to court, each time that it's in the news, it does reopen the old wounds and makes it more difficult to for them to move on."
It's one of the largest cases in Canada involving youth, under a relatively untested law designed to combat the non-consensual sharing of intimate images.
The 2015 law was brought in after the suicide of Nova Scotia teen Rehtaeh Parsons, whose family says a photo of her being sexually assaulted was circulated among students at her school in Cole Harbour.
None of the teens involved in the Bridgewater case can be identified under Canada's youth criminal justice laws.
Jacques Flynn — born in France but raised in America, so he pronounces it “Jack” — is the lead designer for Mazda Design Americas. We sat down with him to discuss Mazda's new MX-5 RF.
Automobile Magazine: What was the reaction on a corporate level when you presented the design for the MX-5 RF because it was so radically different from the retractable hardtop?
JF: It was positive. Very positive. I think it may have caught a few people off guard, but a lot of people pushed for an MX-5 coupe, inside and outside the company. It was well received, especially when they saw what the vision was and how it could be interpreted. We knew we were going to do some sort of retractable hardtop, and we jumped on this idea of blending these two worlds. The 911 Targa came out a little bit before, and that made conversations with corporate that much easier. We said, “Look how stunning the car is, and we can do the same thing.”
AM: Why such a big change from the previous car?
JF: The third-gen car was our first retractable hardtop. It was a great measure to see what we could achieve, especially from a cost standpoint. That was a huge learning curve with that car, to be able to offer something like that for very little money. But it didn't feel like a coupe to me. It had all the positives of a retractable hardtop, but when you step back, you say, “That's a convertible.” This car, from a hundred yards away, it's a coupe. It's got all the right elements.
AM: What were some of your design themes and influences?
JF: Simplicity, really, which comes from the original MX-5 with the soft top. I had the pleasure of working on that car, and there was attention to priority. Get that proportion just right. Get the surfacing just right so that it supports this proportion. So going into the hardtop, it was that same thing: The proportions have to match the rest of the car. If we're trying to do the coupe thing, what do we really want? Pull the cabin farther back, stretch the C-pillar as far back as possible. The surfacing on the hardtop as well—we didn't want it to feel like engineers developed the top and just stuck it on. It needed to feel integrated and very fluid. If you look at the surfacing of the top, the rail into the C-pillar, it's very subtle. We looked at lots of classic sports cars, old Ferraris, some of my favorites like the 250 SWB, where the cabin is pulled far back in the car. The Miata is so well balanced, so we tried to make it feel even more rear-wheel drive while not tipping the scale to where we've got too much weight on the rear. You now have this nice tension over the rear header with the C-pillar pulled all the way back. It feels like there's way more energy and power at the rear wheels compared to the softtop.
AM:What were some of the engineering challenges?
JF: We wanted this very coupe-like profile with a long C-pillar. But then when the top's folded down, where does that go? We worked with engineering from the very beginning to get the top folded up without so many shut lines. The more shut lines you've got, the more it disrupts the design. We were able to design those lines. If you look at the way the C-pillars land on the decklid, it's got a nice line that resonates really well with the hoodline. I think that was the biggest accomplishment with design and engineering. The engineers at Mazda are so supportive. If we do something and we're dead set on it, they'll figure it out. They're brilliant.
AM: Which cars influenced your own sense of design?
JF: The 1960s and 1970s were the heyday for car design. I like the classic silhouette of some of the front-engine Ferraris. I own a Volvo P1800. I also really love the whole wedge design thing that was going on, like the early Lamborghini Countach, the Ferrari wedge design, the Lancia Stratos concept that Bertone did. The excitement of those early wedge designs that Gandini and those guys were playing with are undeniably some of the coolest stuff. The Lamborghini LP400 “Periscopio,” it's a spaceship, you know? It's a spaceship, and they built it! You could buy one. And that's bananas.
AM: When you drive an MX-5 RF, do you go top down or top up?
JF: Top up. I'd almost glue it shut! I'm all for convertibles, but I've been screaming coupe forever, so it's top up all the way.
AM: Does it bother you to see one with the top down?
JF: No, because usually there's a giant smile on the driver's face.
Tim Wilson, former policy director of Institute of Public Affairs, appointed Human Rights Commissioner
Updated
The incoming human rights commissioner has defended his appointment to a role that he recently said should be scrapped.
The Federal Government says it appointed Tim Wilson, the former policy director of the Institute of Public Affairs (IPA), to restore balance to the Human Rights Commission.
Under Mr Wilson the IPA had called for Commission to be abolished.
But now he says he sees no issue in accepting the role.
"The essential part of this job is to make sure the Human Rights Commission is doing its job, and the key reason why the IPA advocated for its abolition is because it wasn't, and so some would see it as very consistent indeed," he said.
In accepting the appointment, he announced his resignation from the free-market think tank, and from the Victorian Liberal Party.
Mr Wilson says he wants the Human Rights Commission to focus on promoting freedom of speech, and says one of his first priorities will be pushing for the repeal of section 18C of the Federal Racial Discrimination Act.
Discrimination law used to prosecute Bolt first in new commissioner's sights
Section 18C was recently used to prosecute News Corp Australia columnist Andrew Bolt for publishing deceptive and offensive material about Indigenous people.
It makes it unlawful to do an act that ''is reasonably likely, in all the circumstances, to offend, insult, humiliate or intimidate another person or a group of people'' on racial or ethnic grounds.
"It basically puts subjective tests on speech which may be deemed to insult, offend, humiliate groups of people based on people's comments. Now that can never be applied consistently, and ultimately means that people are afraid to say things that they may otherwise feel," Mr Wilson said.
"We should have a contest of ideas on in public debate, and bad ideas and opinions which are derogatory to others should be heard and mocked and ridiculed rather than shut down."
Brandis paid glowing tribute to new appointee
Attorney-General George Brandis spoke out against the prosecution while in Opposition and has made the issue a priority since the Coalition took power.
Senator Brandis is reportedly planning to repeal the prohibition within 18C used to prosecute Bolt.
In appointing Mr Wilson as commissioner he spoke glowingly, describing him as a "human rights champion".
"He was at the forefront in thwarting recent attempts to erode freedom of speech, freedom of the press and artistic freedom – rights and freedoms Australians have always held precious," Senator Brandis said in a statement.
"The appointment of Mr Wilson to this important position will help to restore balance to the Australian Human Rights Commission which, during the period of the Labor government, had become increasingly narrow and selective in its view of human rights.
"Mr Wilson's extensive background as a public policy intellectual, his skill as an advocate, and his courage as a human rights champion, make him superbly equipped to be Australia's new Human Rights Commissioner."
18C stance puts Wilson on collision course with Commission president
Mr Wilson's opposition to the section puts him at odds with his new boss, Commission president Gillian Triggs, but he says he has no plans to change his opinion.
"That is Professor Triggs' position, and yes there is a difference in our views and this is precisely why there will ultimately be some discussion within the Commission about where the Commission heads from here, because my appointment is asking a very clear message about what the general view is on Section 18C amongst some parts of the community," he said.
And he says differences of opinions are a good thing for the Commission.
"I have no doubt that I'll have many robust discussions with colleagues now at the Human Rights Commission and that there will be a diversity of views and in one sense that's a very important thing," he said.
"What we shouldn't be having is groupthink. We should be having people standing up firmly for human rights."
Labor says appointment 'blatantly political'
Labor's shadow attorney-general Mark Dreyfus has questioned the appointment, saying it signals a "blatant political agenda".
"In their pre-election wish list for the Abbott government the IPA also made clear their view that Section 18C of the Racial Discrimination Act should be repealed in full," he said.
"In August the Institute of Public Affairs called for the privatisation of the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission.
"By appointing Mr Wilson, Senator Brandis has sent a strong signal about exactly the kind of blatant political agenda he wishes to pursue as Attorney-General."
Topics: human, rights, federal-government, australia
First posted
These appetizing Vegetable Patties are a delicious treat, they are loaded with potatoes, carrots, corn, green beans, peas and cooked in flavorful Indian spices! They are vegan and gluten-free and taste amazing!
FOR THE FULL LIST OF INGREDIENTS, SCROLL TO SEE THE RECIPE CARD AT THE END. BUT BEFORE YOU SCROLL CHECK IMPORTANT INFORMATION THAT IS INCLUDED IN THE BLURB.
I learned how to make these delicious vegetable patties, also called vegetable cutlets about 9 years ago from a friend who called me mom. She was originally from Tamil Nadu where the vegetarian version is very popular using soy chunks.
When she first made these vegetable patties in my home, the idea of dipping the patties into flaxseed gel first then into bread crumbs was conceived. I haven't made them since and I decided to do a gluten-free version using a blend of all-purpose gluten-free flour and coconut flour instead of breadcrumbs with great success.
How To Make Vegetable Patties
First, boil the potatoes for about 20 minutes. Meanwhile, prepare the vegetables. Saute onion, garlic, ginger. Add cumin, turmeric, cilantro, carrot, green peas, green beans, corn and salt and cook stirring until vegetables are tender. Then drain cooked potatoes using a colander and rinse with cold water, allow them to cool slightly and mash using a potato masher or fork,
Mix mash potatoes with cooked vegetables and form into patties, dip into gluten-free breading and bake. These are traditionally fried so you are welcome to fry them if you choose.
I also like to serve this with a coconut curry recipe for a formal dinner or with ketchup or cilantro sauce for a more casual fare.
What Is Turmeric?
Turmeric is a bright yellow powder from the rhizome plant that is similar to ginger, it is used to flavor foods, for other health benefits and its also used as a natural dye.
I have a special love for Indian food and do love to use turmeric for flavor, color and most of all for its anti-inflammatory properties. Tumeric is what makes curry powder yellow.
Curcumin, the active ingredient in turmeric, has been known to be effective in treating conditions such as cancer to Alzheimer's disease. It is a natural antiseptic and antibacterial agent, beneficial in treating cuts and burns.
Turmeric is widely used as a pain relief for conditions such as arthritis and fibromyalgia. It is as effective as some conventional pain medications without the potentially harmful side effects. Turmeric has been known to shrink tumors and prevent metastases.
It is also used to treat psoriasis, acne, and other inflammatory skin conditions. It is also effective in weight loss and reversing heart disease.
Read more about Health Benefits Of Turmeric.
If you make this recipe, snap a photo and hashtag #healthiersteps — we love to see your recipes on Instagram, Facebook & Twitter!
Also please leave a star rating ;-)
Need some encouragement on your Healthier Steps journey?
Join our new facebook groups, sharing lots of delicious vegan and gluten-free recipes, health tips etc., from our members. Please join us and invite your friends Gluten-Free and Vegan For Beginners and Vegan Recipes With Love.
Are you looking for a comprehensive list of top bike blogs that would provide you with all the details you need as biking enthusiasts? With thousands of websites and blogs out there about cycling and biking, it's a tough job to pick the best ones.
Our staff tried their best to compile a list of top biking blogs that would help you with all the information that you would want in regards to cycle in 2016.
We have formatted this post by the social presence, popularity and of course by looking at the value that it adds to its readers. It took us a considerable amount of time compiling this list (we totally enjoyed the process though). Presenting you the ultimate collection of top 10 bike blogs in 2016.
10 Best Bike Blogs in 2016
1. Red Kite Prayer
Starting this list with Red Kite Prayer which is a great resource for biking-related information. Mention has to be made about the simplicity of its reporting style. There are emotions attached whatsoever, and things are written in a professional tone that appeals to most of its readers. Their descriptions cater to reviews, training and essays on a positive note. There is plenty of content available on their website including podcasts, articles, event information and much more. Why don't to check out their website quickly? Learn More Website Twitter Facebook
2. Bike Portland
Found in 2005, this blog has done an exceptional job by covering information about biking events with their journalistic approach. They have combined sports journalism with creativity that has produced this wonderful yet informative biking blog. Jonathan Maus is the founder, publisher and editor of this blog; Lily Karabaic is their podcasting producer, and Michael Andersen is the news editor. This is the very team that has reached its pinnacle in providing readers with details that they look for, especially about live events and stories. As a result of all this, they have succeeded in creating a database of loyal subscribers for sure. Learn More Website Twitter Facebook
3. Bike Snob NYC
A totally different saga of biking blog, one is that disdains to cycling critiques, news and culture. Found by Eben Weiss, who happens to be a former bike messenger and a racer, this blog casts its spotlight with going beyond the standard biking genre. It shares stories with travesty and interior monologue style that makes them interesting to read and immerse. Without a second thought, this unique angle adds to its popularity, and the blog enjoys its reader's appreciations. Learn More Website Twitter Facebook
4. Fat Cyclist
Fat Cyclist fabricates lively stories about weight loss, riding and boasts a collection soul-touching posts. Elden Nelson is the brain behind this publication, and you would surely enjoy and appreciate the stories that are published on this blog. His wife, Susan's battle with cancer has also been written in many of the articles, and most of the readers connected deeply with these private entries and his honesty appeal to everyone that surfaces as the base of his writings. Learn More Website Twitter Facebook
5. Bike Hacks
A biking blog that inspires people to dump their engines and enjoy riding manual two wheels. This not only saves them money but also seems to be a way out in the concrete jungle that makes webs of traffic around us. This is a concept of three passionate cyclists (Bern, Matt and Andrew or the “Goose”) commuting on a daily basis in NYC. They help people to upgrade their bikes.They aim to make bikes that are no less than an automobile, minus the maintenance. A must-visit resource for sure. Learn More Website Twitter Facebook
6. Bike Rumor
Established by a devoted cyclist Tyler Benedict in 2008, this blog has reached its zenith with 4.5 million page views per month in 2014. The popularity shows in counts and hands down this is one of those few blogs that cover almost everything about biking. For example, it covers topics such as cross-country, commuting, road, racing, technology, the latest bikes, cyclocross to lifestyle. They know it all and make it evident that they are the best in this line of work. Being part of the BikeBoardMedia, Inc this one is a much-loved biking blog. Learn More Website Twitter Facebook
7. The Inner Ring
The integrity of this blog lies in the well-balanced analysis that is liked the by most its readers. They are more into covering news about pro cyclists and lots of things about the bike industry. This blog never misses out on expressing itself to its readers, and that is something that has kept the blog alive and kicking since such long time. Overall, it is a smart blog that holds valuable information about the latest biking stories. Learn More Website Twitter Facebook
8. Bike Hugger
With the strong leadership and enthusiastic cyclists Bryon, Mark, Frank, Andrew, David, this blog takes a detailed look at the bike culture. They focus on long narratives, gazing deep into biking world. This is a magazine styled blog that features interesting episodes about biking. What is more important here that the readers connect to the essence of the tales since most of the stories shared here are personal experiences of bloggers. Writers don't hold themselves back while being quite expressive about their opinions. Learn More Website Twitter Facebook
9. London Cyclist
10. Rapha Blog
Dutch scientists say they have discovered a mass grave at the site of the Belsen concentration camp. The Nazis killed 70,000 people there between 1941 and 1945.
The site of the mass grave, 16 meters by 4 meters, was indicated by former prisoners' testimony, and is considered the place where Dutch Resistance activist Jan Verschure is buried, according to Dutch TV news program Nieuwsuur.
The exact location of the grave was found by Verschure's grandson after he interviewed survivors.
"One of them gave me a map on which he marked where my grandfather was buried," Verschure told Nieuwsuur.
The site is now a grassy field, and is situated at the end of the former concentration camp's main road.
Dutch archeologist Ivar Schute, who investigated the spot, said there was a mass grave there due to the “disturbed ground.”.
However, the laws of the local Jewish community do not permit any digging at the site, “according to religious laws,” so further investigation is impossible, said Jens-Christian Wagner, director of the Belsen memorial.
“In any case, the whole camp has been declared a cemetery," he said.
Belsen was liberated on April 15, 1945, and UK troops set the camp on fire to avoid the spread of diseases such as typhus.
Many of the 70,000 prisoners who died there over five years were bulldozed into unmarked mass graves around the camp, and up to 10,000 are considered to be buried in the camp area.
• I will not accept racism at all, says Italy striker • Balotelli has been a past target, at home and abroad
The Italy and Manchester City striker Mario Balotelli has threatened to kill anyone who throws a banana at him in the street or on the pitch during the Euro 2012 finals in Poland and Ukraine.
His comments come a day after Sol Campbell, speaking on Panorama, told England fans not to travel to the competition because they could "end up coming back in a coffin".
Balotelli, who is preparing with the Italian team for their Group C fixtures, said: "I will not accept racism at all. It's unacceptable. If someone throws a banana at me in the street, I will go to jail, because I will kill them."
The 21-year-old is not a stranger to racism and was once pelted with bananas in a Rome bar before the European Under-21 Championships in June 2009. "It was lucky that the police arrived quickly because, I swear, I would have beaten them. I would have really destroyed them. I hope it never happens again." He has been the victim of racist abuse on several occasions – most recently in February when Porto were fined over the behaviour of their supporters in a Europa League tie against City.
"Let's see what happens at the Euros," he added. "I hope it will pass without a problem."
The Italian also described himself as a genius, saying: "I think I am a genius but not a rebel. I have my life, my world, I do what I want, without annoying anyone. I believe I am more intelligent than the average person. The talent God gave me is beautiful and wonderful but it is difficult because you are always facing other people keen to judge you."
Eeeeee!!!! So the box was baller enough, original black and white Alice and Wonderland illustrations =) Also there were four paperclips taped to the front, hahaha.
So I open it and first I see pictures of my cats. And then more pictures. And more pictures. There's sooo many of them, and it turns out they're vinyl stickers! My SS obviously knows my cats are my life and I spend too much time taking pictures of them.
Then there's a teapot + teacup combo plus two types of tea to go along with it- both of which smell amazing, one so good I want to eat it. This is amazing because 1) I adore tea but also 2) I had to stop drinking coffee and rekindle my love for tea because of some heart problems. +10
Then there's a dinosaur fossil ice tray. AWESOME!
But wait- there's more. A jar of maraschino cherries (with stems!), he certainly stalked my posts well. There's also a book called God's Debris: A Thought Experiment by Scott Adams, it sounds fantastic and I can't wait to read it. And there's a burned DVD (with a picture of my favorite painting on it) with a mystery movie on it that I'm waiting to watch and find out what it is.
And last but not least- a dinosaur fossil postcard from my SS with a lovely message- also revealing his identity, and an extra blank postcard (both are from American Museum of Natural History- as they not only say that but he also sent me his ticket from when he went!)
Merci beaucoup, carbonbased =)
After all, the Clintons pre-purged the house when they were leaving. They took furniture, the Presidential Seal and the ‘W' from the keyboards. Why shouldn't Trump ‘clean house'?
Yes, he should.
For one simple reason:
Trending: WATCH: ‘How Jussie Smollett REHEARSED His Attack' Is HILARIOUS
Michelle in a bathing suit.
(Sorry, but I am just not going to ‘Google' that image.)
According to WikiHow, you need an exorcism for a home to remove ‘unwanted psychic or spiritual baggage'.
Well, the Obamas have certainly been ‘unwanted baggage' for America.
Their ideology is destructive and the country is more divided along racial lines than when Mr. Post-Racial-America became President.
And come on, not all of those terrible, divisive ideas could come from just human design.
Amiright?
QUESTION: Should Trump Request An EXORCISM On The White House After The Obama's Leave? Should Trump Request An EXORCISM On The White House After The Obama's Leave? * Yes No
Enter your email to see the poll results: *
As nonverbal cues became increasingly legible to him, Mr. Robison also realizes that a longtime friend has been subtly mocking him for years. Mr. Robison's marriage to his second wife, who suffers from debilitating depression, starts to decay. “When Martha had her down days, I was no longer able to jump out of bed and go to work,” he writes. “As soon as I got up I'd feel panic over her sadness.”
Image John Elder Robison
Most profoundly, he discovers that neurotypical humans are not, as a rule, happy.
“I had created a fantasy that seeing into people would be sweetness and love,” he writes. “Now I knew the truth: most of the emotions floating around in space are not positive. When you look into a crowd with real emotional insight you'll see lust, greed, rage, anxiety, and what for a lack of a better word I call ‘tension' — with only the occasional flash of love or happiness.”
Arthur Schopenhauer couldn't have said it much better himself.
“Switched On” is subversive in more ways than one. In this age of heightened sensitivity to neurodiversity, one of the most uncomfortable notions you can raise about Asperger's is that it can cruelly obscure the most basic elements of personality. The very idea is offensive and wounding to many people, because it frames a difference as a deficit; to wistfully suggest that a person with Asperger's might be someone else without Asperger's is to denature them completely, to wish their core identities into oblivion.
“Asperger's is not a disease,” Mr. Robison wrote in “Look Me in the Eye.” “It's a way of being. There is no cure, nor is there a need for one.”
In “Switched On,” Mr. Robison, 58, retains his Asperger's pride. Part of him even fears he'll lose his special gifts, on the (beguiling, I thought) theory that “perhaps the area that recognizes emotions in people was recognizing traits of machinery for me.”
But he is also torn. He did not come of age when “neurodiversity” was part of our vocabulary of difference. He did not come of age when “Asperger's” was part of our vocabulary at all. He received his autism diagnosis at 40, and he has many memories of being bullied, losing jobs and mishandling social situations because of his inability to read others. His family is also a frightful caldron of mental illness, which further colored his self-image until he received his diagnosis. (For further details, see “Running With Scissors,” written by his brother, Augusten Burroughs.)
Mr. Robison still believes autism is not a disease. “But I also believed in being the best I could be,” he writes, “particularly by addressing the social blindness that had caused me the most pain throughout my life.”
But if the effects of Asperger's can be mitigated, what consequences will that have? And what does it mean for the future of the neurodiversity movement?
Story highlights Sanders ran a failed bid for the Democratic nomination in the 2016 election
He's not thinking about the 2020 election yet
Washington (CNN) Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders sat down with CNN's Chris Cuomo for a town hall Monday night to have a "serious discussion about the issues impacting the American people," he said.
Sanders, who ran a failed bid for the 2016 Democratic presidential nomination against Hillary Clinton, is a progressive leader whose views will help shape the future of the Democratic Party in the wake of Donald Trump's election.
Here's a look at the night's most memorable lines:
On Trump's honesty
"We are dealing with a man who, in many respects is ... a pathological liar," said Sanders. "Time after time he says stuff that is blatantly, absolutely untrue."
Bernie Sanders on Donald Trump: We are dealing with a man who is "a pathological liar" #SandersTownHall https://t.co/Jjpmx3wgXj — CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) January 10, 2017
TRIPOLI (Reuters) - Muammar Gaddafi's son Saif al-Islam appeared in a court on Thursday for the first time since his capture more than a year ago, Libya's public prosecutor's office said.
The son of the former Libyan leader was in court in the western town of Zintan, where he is being held by former rebels, to face charges related to a visit by an International Criminal Court (ICC) lawyer last year.
"He is charged with involvement with the ICC delegation which is accused of carrying papers and other things related to the security of the Libyan state," Taha Baara, spokesman for the prosecutor, told Reuters.
The ICC lawyer, Australian Melinda Taylor, was herself arrested and held for three weeks after the meeting and has since said her detention proved that Saif al-Islam could not receive a fair trial for war crimes and instead should be tried in The Hague.
Another ICC defence lawyer said the court hearing in Zintan - part of Libya where the Tripoli authorities have little sway - was designed to intimidate the international court.
"This is yet another disgraceful attempt by Libya to manipulate and intimidate the ICC," said Ben Emmerson, lawyer for Abdullah al-Senussi, Gadaffi's former spy chief and Saif al-Islam's co-accused.
"It is proof positive of the urgent and imperative need for the (U.N.) Security Council to impose sanctions on Libya for its flagrant, deliberate and grave violations of Security Council resolution 1970."
That resolution obliges Libya to cooperate with the court, lawyers say, and Tripoli's failure to hand over Saif al-Islam could result in it being reported to the Council.
Libya wants to prosecute him at home, where he might face the death penalty, rather than hand him to the ICC where he could only receive a jail sentence.
An ICC spokesperson said the court was not aware of the proceedings and declined to comment.
Libyan spokesman Baara said the Zintan tribunal would convene again on May 2.
"Investigations for trying him for war crimes are over and he will be put on trial for that at a later time," Baara told Reuters.
Libya has hired human rights lawyers to argue before ICC judges that it has the ability to give the pair a fair trial and should be allowed to do so.
It is up to the ICC to decide if this is the case, and Libya has pledged to abide by the ICC's decision, most recently stressing in a Tuesday filing that it had no immediate plans to proceed with a trial of the two men.
(Additional reporting by Thomas Escritt in Amsterdam; Writing by Mahmoud Habboush; Editing by Robin Pomeroy)
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
This morning, one of my favorite guys in the tech world, Alexis Ohanian of Reddit and Hipmunk fame, posted a little ditty on how he made the Reddit logo. “Remember,” he writes, “This was from back in April 2005 using PaintshopPro5 (cracked). I wasn't a very experienced artist back then. Be gentle.”
For everyone who sucks in Reddit like crack, here's a bit of the backstory: Ohanian says he had also considered calling “reditt” and registered both reddit.com and reditt.com at the same time. Ohanian also took special care to make sure that the antenna pointed toward the brandname. “It was just a matter of time until I realized the alien should be on the left so it's the first thing someone would see on the page,” he says.
And there you have it, the creation of the lovable logo known as Reddit.
New to Reddit? Check out our Reddit new user's guide.
Read next: Polo Marte, Living the Startup Life in Rio de Janeiro
Step up your hummus game this fall with this flavor-packed butternut squash hummus! It's rich, creamy, just a tad sweet, savory, and flavored with roasted garlic and smoked paprika.
I hope you guys like butternut squash, because my supply of butternut squash ideas is endless, as is my supply of butternut squash.
My husband texted me a couple weeks ago from work informing me that a coworker was offering up butternut squash from his garden. I, trying to be polite, requested one squash. I later found out that I didn't have to be polite, because there were boat loads of butternut squash available.
MY LATEST VIDEOS!
My next response: “Bring it on.” And bring it on he did. I've already got a few recipes queued up and I'm still swimming in butternut squash.
Sounds like somebody had quite the harvest, and I'm reaping the benefits. :)
I wasn't sure what to expect here. I wanted some hummus to go with a salad I was making for dinner, and the squash was there, so I figured I'd try my hand at some butternut squash hummus. I was totally pleased!
As the title of the post indicates, this was every so slightly sweet, savory, and delightfully smoky, thanks to the addition of smoked paprika. It was like a delicious Autumnal explosion in my mouth.
Start by tossing your squash in some olive oil and roasting it in the oven. And while you're at it, roast some garlic for your hummus too! Roasting the garlic mellows the flavor, so it's perfect for this slightly sweet hummus.
Next, into the food processor with your roasted butternut squash and garlic, as well as some chickpeas, tahini, lemon juice, olive oil and smoked paprika.
Blend it up until smooth and creamy.
It'll come out a bit thicker and heartier than typical hummus, and I'm thinking it would be awesome on a veggie sandwich. You get a nice big batch of hummus from this recipe, so you should have plenty of room to play around and try it out in different ways.
Tips for Making Awesome Butternut Squash Hummus
Cutting back on oil? Try replacing some of it with water.
Try replacing some of it with water. The squash and garlic can be roasted a day or two in advance and refrigerated, or it can be frozen up to two months.
and refrigerated, or it can be frozen up to two months. Got some other type of winter squash on hand? I'm sure it would work! Pumpkin, acorn squash, and kabocha would all make delicious hummus.
I'm sure it would work! Pumpkin, acorn squash, and kabocha would all make delicious hummus. I really like the mellow flavor of roasted garlic in here, but if you're a super garlic fiend, feel free to add a raw clove or two into your batch.
Like this recipe? If so, be sure to follow me on Facebook, Pinterest or Instagram, or subscribe to my newsletter. And please stop back and leave me a review and rating below if you make it!
New York — Lots of college leaders and technologists are gathered in Lower Manhattan this week for a State University of New York-sponsored conference about all the great things “Big Data” can do for higher education.
Harper Reed, who served as chief technology officer in President Obama's 2012 campaign, offered those people what he jokingly called “an intervention.”
“Big Data is bullshit,” Mr. Reed said in a keynote speech on Tuesday.
Mr. Reed is generally bullish on the power of data. He took the audience through a litany of ways in which President Obama used data to win re-election, such as scraping supporters' Facebook information to blast out personalized email messages.
But, with apologies to the technology companies sponsoring the SUNY event, Mr. Reed skewered their industry's promotion of the buzzwords “Big Data.”
“The ‘big' there is purely marketing,” Mr. Reed said. “This is all fear … This is about you buying big expensive servers and whatnot.”
“The exciting thing is you can get a lot of this stuff done just in Excel,” he said. “You don't need these big platforms. You don't need all this big fancy stuff. If anyone says ‘big' in front of it, you should look at them very skeptically … You can tell charlatans when they say ‘big' in front of everything.”
That wasn't the only provocation the audience heard from Mr. Reed, 35, whose unruly red beard, blue sweatshirt, and dangling earrings stood out in a ballroom full of dark suits. (Nor was it the first time he had made mischief with the “bullshit” zinger, according to earlier headlines like “Big Data is bovine excrement says Obama's Big Data man.”)
During another session, “Data Scientist: the Sexiest Job of the 21st Century,” Mr. Reed argued that “data scientist as a profession is largely a fad.”
Asked a question about undergraduate education, Mr. Reed struggled to answer. When it comes to hiring, he said, undergraduate education generally “does not matter.”
“I usually hire people who have very exemplary work experience,” said Mr. Reed, who now runs a Chicago-based start-up company devoted to mobile commerce. “Where they went to school, or what degree they have, really has no play into the hiring decision. Myself, I have a philosophy degree and a fake computer-science degree. I say fake because I really didn't learn anything.”
Theories on Incentives, Scaling & An Evolved Economy Pt 3
MaidSafe Blocked Unblock Follow May 10, 2016
So far this series has explored how our increasingly digital world is both affecting and being affected by the progressingly global economy. Though this exploration, we can discover more scalable and sustainable foundations for building tools which better integrate these systems and help us in communicating these tools and their purpose for wider adoption. The history of money and trade can show us some possible outcomes of scaling economic systems and the influx of intellectual property on the Internet has stressed the need for progress. Thankfully, more recent experiments and innovations have provided stepping stones towards increasingly sustainable global economic models. Looking at the structures and incentives from various networks and analysing their effects has paved a path for the improvements built into the foundations of the SAFE Network and continuing to push these boundaries through SAFE and other projects will allow for more realistic and sustainable rewards for the labor behind intellectual property and subsequently the global economy. (Disclaimer: Some references in this post assume having read the content from the first two parts of this series.)
Pushing the Boundaries and Building the Bridges
So it's clear that scaling a system globally without spiraling downward into a cycle of centralization leading to control, power and increasing self interest is a really difficult task. One of the reasons I'm optimistic about the SAFE Network is the approach to reach a global scale by mimicking how nature scales itself while still attempting to work within the existing economy as an evolutionary step. Many global systems are already headed in the right direction by thinking about maintaining autonomy such that not any one party has control. Bitcoin, Bittorrent and Tor are all examples of systems which strive for autonomy through decentralisation as a form of security. With regards to economics, both Tor and Bittorrent networks are run purely on a volunteer basis and do not depend on a currency or credits within their systems. Users are incentivised to provide resources as nodes with the expectation that they receive value in return by others who also participate in the network, very similar to the previously explored gift economy model. Though, in bittorrent each node is additionally shown an upload to download ratio which allows users to gauge how many peer nodes have accessed content from them versus how much they've accessed from others. The visibility of this ratio offers a slight psychological effect on increasing incentives for nodes to stay connected and to continue providing their resources to the network, but show similar vulnerabilities in scaling globally as gift economies. Even without an explicitly integrated credit or currency, Tor and Bittorrent have found success in pushing the boundaries of our online economy to evolve away from business models based on tracking and forcing scarcity on content, a critical part in this evolution.
Alternatively, Bitcoin builds a bridge for the online economy as a currency which facilitates value transfer and storage outside of centralised third-parties. Unfortunately, the distribution of Bitcoin has driven the network to become more and more centralised in part by the force of economies of scale. The main benefit that Tor and Bittorrent gain from a lack of currency incentives is avoiding tendency towards centralisation based on participants attraction to accelerating wealth. The common and open ownership designs of each of these systems allow them to initially scale as global networks while the variance in incentive structures provides models for sustaining their structures. Maintaining its diverse peer-to-peer structure is Bitcoin's key separation from any other global payment network and whether it ultimately succeeds or fails, it is more clear that implementation of currency-based incentives brings different kinds of scaling problems to decentralised systems. Regardless, each of these networks provide a stepping stone towards future designs which can more desirably bridge this gap, and in particular the foundations we're building in SAFE.
A Foundation for Ideas, Art and Code within An Evolved Economy
The SAFE Network is designed to both push the boundaries of IP ownership and tracking while still integrating a bridge to the current economy. The network is built on a foundation of anonymous and autonomous management of data storage, routing and integrity. It allows for any data such as a network token to be stored, transferred and confirmed in “localised” closed groups of nodes which access the minimal amount of data to do their jobs. When peers go offline or come online, the network reconfigures based on their positions in the ID space of the DHT. The network nodes are assigned IDs and thus position in a group at random to avoid predetermination of roles assigned to it. If the node successfully stores data and supplies it when requested, the “farming” incentive scheme will award it with a network created and managed token. It's important to note that this incentive distribution allows for much more granular measurements of resource capability than block rewards in bitcoin and other blockchain cryptocurrencies. This more dispersed distribution scheme was designed to prevent some of the natural centralization that is occurring with Bitcoin. With further understanding that economies of scale are still a strong force in our economy, SAFE additionally employs a sigmoid distribution rate which rewards network average resource supplies in order that nodes with drastically more resources don't centralize storage of content. With this focus on granular incentives and rewarding average network resources in token distribution, we can improve on the system's ability to integrate with the global economy while avoiding some of the key centralisation effects of economies of scale.
Further, the network is prepared to include incentives for application developers, core developers and content creators. By allowing individuals to opt into embedding payment addresses into applications and content, the establishment of a “creator” can be made for a baseline revenue in tokens from the same pool which rewards resource providers. It is the belief that these participants in the network bring value to the ecosystem and should be included in the distribution structure. The inclusion of diverse incentives is important experiments in finding the ideal bridge to a better economic model for developers, journalists, artist and researchers sharing their intellectual property.
To complete the basic ecosystem in SAFE, there is a replenishing method for the pool of safecoin which is distributed to these key participants. Payments back into this pool are linked to storing new data to the network. At its best, this recycling mechanism can allow for a perpetual supply of safecoin for these incentives and at the very least provide a way to extend the ability to autonomously pay members of the ecosystem. The token requirement from users uploading new content will help to prevent abuse by parties storing significant amounts of content who are not giving back by providing network resources themselves. This concept of balancing out consumption to providing a service is similar in theory to the ratio displayed in bittorrent clients but is enforced by the network through the token mechanism. So long as the network incentives align properly, the SAFE Network economy will establish a very basic common credit system that though it's autonomous nature, should scale to support public intellectual property and offer alternatives to privatising software and content through physical or legal restrictions.
Extending the Foundation
The SAFE Network will not only integrate a basic infrastructure for sustaining a global economy but also relies on experimentation on top of it. While it would be great if SAFE could sustain itself with this economic foundation, we cannot assume that it will be enough. The essence of experimentation is an important factor to evolving systems (as nature shows us) but the historical control and extreme centralization of the economy has hampered these processes until very recently. New schemes being tested on today's Internet will find a comfortable and more suitable home on top of SAFE's economic foundation. Expect to see business models like pay-what-you-want and crowdfunding take on whole new capabilities with the support of safecoin and the autonomous, cryptographically secured network. Additionally granular approaches to digital consumption are ripe for better integration into the economy as well as methods for working with existing private intellectual property whose use may contain certain licensing restrictions. In particular, I envision methods similar to git's distributed revisioning, but with integrated payments options adapted to include content like research and art. So much intellectual property is based on previous discoveries, thoughts or works and integrating that flow into a functional platform would be a worthwhile experiment to extend the SAFE economy into a more scalable network that sustains itself and supports inherent scarceless characteristics of intellectual property.
The impact of intellectual property is no doubt expediting our way to an economical evolution, but there's still a long way to go before we can stop forcing digital content and general intellectual property to be artificially scarce as a solution for supporting the labor went in creating and maintaining it. By learning lessons from how our current economy has adapted to scaling (whether successful or not), it will be much easier to build experiments which fit the world of intellectual property and successfully support that labor in a global manner. Creating the proper incentives to allow for more free software development and open access to knowledge through implementing new solutions is the quickest way to build a more sustainable economy and show others the value in publicly owned, decentralized networks.
I've always been a fan of the MIT Media Lab, and in BLONDES I write about Media Lab director Alex Pentland's development of a machine that tracks “vocal body language” — pitch, speed, the space between words, and so on. Tested in a speed dating study, the machine had an impressive accuracy rate. About 70 percent of the time it could predict whether a man and woman was interested in each other, and whether they'd say yes to a second date.
Now it turns out that researchers at Stanford are following suit, in what may someday be the next big iPhone app.
Computer scientist Rajesh Ranganath and his colleagues developed a “flirtation-detection machine” that — based on prosodic, dialogue, and lexical clues — can detect a speaker's intent to flirt with up to 71.5 percent accuracy. (In contrast, men were only 56.2 percent accurate when assessing if their date was flirting with them, and women were only 62.2 percent accurate.) Results were derived by testing the machine's analysis against the self-reported intentions and perceptions of men and women on a speed date.
Without going into the technical details of the study, here are a few of the findings:
1. [When flirting],men ask more questions, and use more “you” and “we.” They laugh more, and use more sexual, anger, and negative emotional words. Prosodically they speak faster, with higher pitch, but quieter [softer voice] (lower intensity min).
2. [When flirting], women use more “I” and less “we”; men use more “we” and “you”. Men labeled as flirting are softer, but women labeled as flirting are not. Women who say they are flirting have a much expanded pitch range (lower pitch min, higher pitch max), laugh more, use more “I” and “well,” use repair questions (Excuse me?) but not other kinds of questions, use more sexual terms, use far fewer appreciations (Wow, That's true, Oh, great) and backchannels (Uh-huh., Yeah., Right., Oh, okay.), and use fewer, longer turns, with more words in general [than do men].
3. Both genders convey intended flirtation by laughing more, speaking faster, and using higher pitch. However, we do find gender differences; men ask more questions when they say they are flirting, women ask fewer, although they do use more repair questions, while men do not.
Interestingly, the device was able to predict flirtation in men with greater accuracy than in women (79.5 percent versus 68.0 percent). In BLONDES I write about evolution and men's overperception bias; essentially, guys are wired to think women are into them when they are not. I wonder if this is also true of the machines men make.
Advertisements
This may refer to:
This, the singular proximal demonstrative
Places [ edit ]
This (Egypt) Alimor Thinis, an ancient city in Upper Egypt
This, Ardennes, a commune in France
People with the surname [ edit ]
Hervé This, French culinary chemist
Arts, entertainment, and media [ edit ]
Music [ edit ]
Albums [ edit ]
Songs [ edit ]
Periodicals [ edit ]
This (Canadian magazine), a political journal
(Canadian magazine), a political journal This (journal), a poetry journal published in the US from 1971–1982
Television [ edit ]
"This" ( The X-Files ), season 11 episode 2 of The X-Files
), season 11 episode 2 of This TV, a US TV channel
Other uses [ edit ]
this (computer programming), the identity function in many object-oriented computer languages
This (fly), a genus of Australian kelp fly
MIAMI - Miami police will review video showing a detective punching a man in the face during a shooting investigation on Monday.
Police said a man was shot several times outside an apartment building in the area of Northwest 3rd Avenue and 22nd Street. Miami Fire Rescue attempted to revive the man, but he was pronounced dead at the scene.
Video showed at least two people try approaching the body underneath a yellow tarp. When police grabbed one man, another approached and got into a struggle with the officers.
"They should have had more control of what they were doing. The crowds and everything," said Patricia Lammons.
Lammons was held back by police after realizing her nephew, 25-year-old Brandon Walker, was the one who was dead. Lammons said the two men in the video were then victim's brothers.
Neighbors wished the incident was handled differently.
"They didn't have to beat him like that," said Carolyn McGee.
The Fraternal Order of Police released a statement about the altercation:
"An individual crossing the police tape may be there to destroy evidence or to obstruct justice. In the heat of the moment, our number one objective is to preserve the scene in order to bring justice to the deceased and his family."
"They were very aggressive towards our officers," said Sgt. Freddie Cruz with Miami police.
Copyright 2013 by Local10.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
In my now four plus years as a parent, it's been hard to find consensus among parents on pretty much any topic. There are the biggies which nobody will aver agree on—the breastfeeding and circumcision decisions. There are the smaller ones that still get people really angry if you don't agree with them, like the amount of television time you give your two-year-old and whether or not you let your child cry when going to sleep, and there are the really small things parents only argue about because they don't get any sleep—things like should you let your kids wear overalls and stuff.
One feeling though, seems to be about as universal as it gets—parents hate Caillou.
Why? “Because he's so whiny,” says pretty much every parent who has ever been asked that question. Any other reason? “His parents don't ever punish him.” And that's it? “Well, he can't grow hair very well I guess. I bet he whines about that too.”
What also tends to follow, or maybe even begin a parents discussion about Caillou is how their child “loves the show and I have no idea why.”
So, we have kids who love the show and parents who hate it. If those kids are watching the show and those parents hate the show then there's only one scenario I can picture playing out in homes all over the world every morning when our bald-headed subject pops on the flat screen…
“I'm so bored, I want to watch television or throw toilet paper around the house,” whines Whiny Child to a parent struggling to get their first coffee into their system.
“No, we're not watching Caillou, go do something else,” answers Strong-willed Parent Who Hates Caillou Because He's Too Whiny And Hates Caillou's Parents Because They're Enablers.
“OK, I'll mommy or daddy, I'll just cling to your leg while you try and clean the house or cook dinner or finish writing that email,” concedes Whiny Child who then grabs a leg and asks 13 questions in one minute.
“Fine, go watch Caillou, but I'm not going to watch with you,” Parent Who Hates Parents Who Give In To Children's Demands So They Can Get Things Done replies.
Child watches Caillou.
******
See that? You're Caillou's parent and your kid is Caillou. Parents let their children watch a show because they need to get shit done and you can't do that with a three-year-old on your leg. That happens. All the damn time. That's what Caillou's parents do because they have a young child who whines, just like every single parent who has a child.
So what gives? Why do we hate this show so much? It can't honestly be because Caillou is whiny. We can't really hate a show because they accurately portray a family. We can't hate that when there are other shows out there that send kids up volcanoes and into space with no training even if they are wearing a seatbelt (I do like Dora too for the record). And we can't really be thinking “I watch my kid whine all day, I don't want to watch a whiny kid watch a whiny kid on television,” because who sits down and watches every minute of the shows their kids are watching. The whole reason for letting your kid watch a show it so that you can do other things.
Here's an episode where he picks strawberries, presented for your evaluation…
Seriously, what's wrong with that episode?
I think we're dealing with the Nickelback effect. You know, the one where 100 per cent of people on earth hate a band that somehow sells millions of dollars and performs in front of millions of people on tour. Everyone hates them, right? People only buy their albums as a service to others. If I buy their album, I'm saving someone else from having the chance to buy that album. Or something like that.
That's Caillou. Nobody likes him but everybody has watched him and everybody's child watches him. I'm not going to make an argument that Caillou should be thrust into the upper echelon of television shows. It doesn't belong with Phineas and Ferb and My Little Pony. It barely belongs with the Toopy and Binoos of the world. But that' not because he's whiny. The other shows are simply more entertaining for adults.
I'll admit it then, I actually like him. Those parents are doing a damn good job of parenting. They do everything with that kid, certainly far more things than I can picture myself doing with my child.
I also know it's important for parents to have television shows to complain about when they get together. Talking about kids shows is the parents equivalent of talking about the weather in the workplace.
“Catch that episode of Dora last night?”
“Who steals rungs of a ladder and throws them into a tree?”
“Swiper is getting lazy.”
“Right?”
So, I present to you, Three Television Shows You Should Hate More Than You Hate Caillou:
Max and Ruby
I admire Ruby's willingness to raise her younger brother (even if she stifles all of his creativity) and I admittedly don't know what the hell is going on with their parents (maybe they're upstairs in a bedroom trying to call for help but too ill to do so), but this cartoon is just too much for me. I'm genuinely worried for these children, I don't think they are going to live very long and that is sad. If they had Caillou's parents I bet they'd be more tolerable.
Waybuloo
I don't even know what this is about. I've watched the first three minutes of this show eight times. Are they doing yoga? Have they recently taken acid? There is just so much going on out in the middle of a forrest that things can't end well.
Bob the Builder
Come on man, these are dangerous machines, they can't be afforded the number of chances to be bad that they are given. If you want to talk about leniency, don't look to Caillou's parents, look to Bob the Enabler. He lets bulldozers work while they're sleeping. Can you imagine what would happen if a bulldozer was just driving down the highway asleep? You wouldn't find it cute when it ran over you, you would find it dangerous.
See, there are still shows to hate, I'd never take that away from you. But please, even if just for 2014, give my main kid Caillou a chance.
A Texas police officer is being called a hero after he used CPR to save the life of a three-year-old boy who had become unresponsive in a KFC parking lot last week.
And footage captured by the officer's dashboard camera shows his desperate fight to save the boy's life as his parents looked on.
Officer Chase Miller with the Granbury, Texas police department overheard his 911 dispatcher send paramedics to a local KFC location around 7 P.M on October 12. Since he was already nearby, Miller decided to respond to the call as well.
When he arrived, Miller discovered three-year-old Brayden Geis, being held in the arms of his hysterical mother Bethany. The boy had become unresponsive and was not breathing after having a seizure.
“[His] lips were bright blue. He had an elevated pulse, so I began doing chest compressions,” Miller told CBS-11 news.
According to the boy's parents, Brayden had been sick with a flu that developed into something worse. His mother gave him some ibuprofen to try and treat his rapidly rising temperature, and was resting him on her shoulder when she felt him go limp.
“[I] leaned him forward and he was having a seizure,” Bethany Hoover, 21, told ABC News. “[So] John called 911.”
WATCH: Boy who didn't want to learn CPR during summer break ends up saving sister's life
What followed was a tense race against time, as Officer Miller immediately began chest compressions. He then instructed Brayden's father John on how to do the compressions, while Miller himself grabbed a CPR mask and began direct mouth-to-mouth resuscitation.
After two minutes of CPR, the boy took a breath.
“I was very thankful very relieved that he started breathing,” Officer Miller said. “He started coughing, he started crying.”
On Tuesday, Officer Miller was honoured by Glenbury Mayor Nin Hulett with a special “life-saving” award. An emotional Bethany Hoover told the gathered media she wasn't sure how she could ever thank the officer for what he did.
“There is nothing I can give him for saving my son's life.”
But Officer Miller says what he did was nothing special.
“I truly believe that any other officer I work with would have done the exact same thing,” Miller said.
Sen. Mitch McConnell, left and his wife, Elaine Chao, wave to supporters at a victory celebration Nov. 4. Tuesday's elections gave the GOP a majority in the Senate and made McConnell majority leader beginning in January. (Photo: Jessica Ebelhar, The (Louisville) Courier-Journal)
WASHINGTON — Americans handed Republicans control of Congress for the first time since 2006, and leading GOP lawmakers pledged in the wake of sweeping victories that they would not screw it up.
"When people choose divided government it doesn't mean they don't want us to do anything," Minority Leader Mitch McConnell told reporters Wednesday. The Kentucky Republican will become Senate majority leader in January. He pledged to change the way the Senate operates to include more debate, more votes and longer workweeks.
McConnell further pledged that Republicans would not seek further confrontations over government shutdowns or raising the debt ceiling. "Let me make it clear: There will be no government shutdowns and no default on the national debt," he said.
Sen. Jerry Moran, R-Kan., who ran the Senate GOP's campaign operation echoed McConnell. "The message that was delivered to us (from voters) was: We expect to have policies put in place that the American people support, and we expect you to work together to accomplish that," Moran told reporters Wednesday.
President Obama matched the GOP's conciliatory tone and agreed that tax and trade policies could be fertile ground for compromise. "(Americans) expect the people they elect to work as hard as they do. They expect us to focus on their ambitions and not ours," the president said.
So far Republicans have netted seven seats for at least a 52-seat majority come January. Alaska's Senate race has not yet been called, but Republicans are likely to gain another seat there with Dan Sullivan running ahead of Democratic incumbent Sen. Mark Begich. Louisiana Democratic Sen. Mary Landrieu heads to a Dec. 6 runoff against GOP Rep. Bill Cassidy.
In the weeks leading to Election Day, GOP congressional leaders have been quietly crafting an agenda that party leaders say is aimed at improving the public's view of Congress broadly and the Republican Party in particular. Despite significant GOP gains on Tuesday, the public still holds a dim view of both.
"Our party will ultimately be judged on how we govern, and that is what we were elected to do," said Rep. Greg Walden, R-Ore., who ran the House GOP's campaign operation that has resulted in the biggest Republican majority since the World War II era.
Republicans are pledging to pass a budget through Congress next year, and they are eyeing an overhaul of the nation's tax code. Rep. Paul Ryan, R-Wis., is the likely next chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, which has jurisdiction over the tax code, and will play a starring role in that effort. Republicans are also eyeing ways to use the budget process to reduce entitlement spending and rein in Obamacare.
"We're going to function. We're going to pass legislation," McConnell said.
Although Republicans will be under pressure to advance causes popular among their conservative base, including the full repeal of Obama's Affordable Care Act, leaders sought a conciliatory tone and were reluctant to boast of any mandate coming out of Tuesday's elections.
"We are humbled by the responsibility the American people have placed with us, but this is not a time for celebration," House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, cautioned.
In a statement, Boehner said House Republicans are expected to advance bills they say will grow jobs as well as a broad new energy package. Republicans have clashed repeatedly with the administration over the construction of the Keystone XL oil pipeline, which faces a renewed prospect for passage, although industry demand for it has diminished.
McConnell also said a stalled Asian trade deal could be reinvigorated next year.
Republicans made clear that a broad immigration overhaul is unlikely to move forward. Instead, laws to tighten the border will take precedence. "We can't get anywhere on immigration reform unless the people are confident the border is totally secure," said Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus.
Kyle Downey, a former GOP congressional aide, said if Obama moves forward with an executive order on immigration policy, it will likely blow up any prospects for compromise with Republicans in his final two years in office.
"The ball is entirely in the president's court," Downey said. "If he responds to both the electorate and the clear majority they are sending to Washington with executive orders on immigration or any number of issues outside of fighting ISIS or Ebola, he will be setting a tone of confrontation, and inviting two years of gridlock."
While Republicans have spearheaded four years of confrontation with the White House, lawmakers candidly acknowledged Wednesday that it could not continue if they want to improve the party's standing with the public or their 2016 presidential nominee's chances of winning. Passing a budget and moving legislation forward will rebuild public trust in the GOP, they said.
"It gives us a great opportunity to prove that we can govern and set the stage for a successful 2016," Moran said.
However, Boehner and McConnell will face renewed tests on holding together a fractious group of congressional Republicans to advance a governing agenda. Boehner padded his majority by a dozen seats, potentially giving him more breathing room to negotiate. McConnell has the majority, but he is still far short of the 60-vote threshold to stop filibusters.
Former senator Bob Bennett of Utah told reporters at a Wednesday roundtable he was confident in McConnell's ability to out-maneuver Tea Party-styled conservatives such as Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, who may not toe the party line.
"Mitch has very carefully, very methodically, very much under the radar, isolated Ted Cruz. He's kind of sealed him off like the body puts a sack around some foreign matter," Bennett said.
McConnell conceded Wednesday that Republicans cannot advance a full repeal of the health care law, but he said Republicans were eyeing ways to change it or repeal pieces of it.
Contributing: Bill Theobald
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1u0RssF
BRUSSELS--The European Union has ordered Starbucks Corp. and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles to pay back tens of millions of euros in unpaid taxes obtained through illegal tax deals, in an unprecedented decision by regulators that risks blowing open thousands of corporate tax structures across Europe.
The European Commission, the EU's executive arm, said Wednesday that tax deals granted to Starbucks in the Netherlands and Fiat in Luxembourg amounted to illegal state subsidies that must be repaid.
The commission ordered Luxembourg and the Netherlands to recover the unpaid tax from Fiat and Starbucks, which it said amounts to EUR20 million to EUR30 million ($22.6 million to $34 million) for each company. The companies can no longer continue to benefit from the advantageous tax treatment granted by these tax rulings, the commission said.
The two tax deals "endorsed artificial and complex methods to establish taxable profits for the companies" that "do not reflect economic reality, " the commission said in a statement.
As a result of the deals, most of the profits of Starbucks' Dutch coffee-roasting company "are shifted abroad, where they are also not taxed," while Fiat's financing company in Luxembourg "only paid taxes on underestimated profits," the commission said.
Wednesday's decision, wrapping up two of five tax investigations opened by EU regulators in recent months, casts a pall of uncertainty over potentially thousands of similar tax deals struck by multinationals across Europe.
"Thousands of other companies risk seeing their tax arrangements re-examined," said Chris Bryant, partner at international law firm Berwin Leighton Paisner. "Billions of euros could be at stake."
EU regulators are working on three similar investigations involving Apple Inc. in Ireland and Amazon.com Inc. in Luxembourg, as well as a Belgian tax discount for a number of multinationals including AB InBev. It isn't yet clear when those cases will be decided. All companies have denied receiving special treatment, and the governments have denied giving it.
Write to Tom Fairless at tom.fairless@wsj.com
Subscribe to WSJ: http://online.wsj.com?mod=djnwires
The fearless refuseniks who attempted to hijack an airplane on June 15, 1970, in Leningrad in order to draw attention to the plight of Soviet Jews were "Zionist hooligans" to Soviet authorities, but to the writer Gal Beckerman they are nothing less than superheroes.
In the summer of 2006, Beckerman found himself at a barbecue on a moshav outside of Netanya with most of the dissidents involved in the plot, including Boris Penson, Mark Dymshits and Sylva Zalmanson. As the evening wore on, and the vodka began to flow, Beckerman gradually overcame his shock at being in the presence of people who risked their lives to escape from behind the Iron Curtain.
Beckerman in Jaffa this week. Tomer Appelbaum
"I was the only non-hijacker at the barbecue, and there I was flipping hamburgers with these characters," Beckerman said in an interview with Haaretz. "It was a remarkable experience because I had been researching them and viewed them as superheroes. Suddenly I understood them as a group of friends who egged each other on to do something that was probably more brave than any of them would have done on their own."
Taking top prize
Although the hijacking plot was foiled by the KGB and all the participants were jailed - two received death sentences that were later commuted - the episode was a turning point in the international human rights campaign that Beckerman chronicles with cinematic flair in his first book. "When They Come For Us We'll Be Gone: The Epic Struggle to Save Soviet Jewry" was published in 2010 by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, and was awarded this year's Sami Rohr Prize for Jewish Literature.
Beckerman, a 35-year-old opinion editor for The Forward, was due to receive the prize last night at an awards ceremony at the King David Hotel in Jerusalem. The $100,000 prize, which honors work by emerging writers on Jewish themes, is one of the richest in the world. It is given to works of fiction and non-fiction in alternating years, which is why Beckerman's book was eligible this year. Abigail Green won the runner-up prize of $25,000 for her biography of Moses Montefiore.
"When They Come For Us We'll Be Gone" also previously won the prestigious 2010 Jewish Book of the Year Award from the Jewish Book Council.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
'A definitive narrative'
The idea for the book, which has been called a "likely definitive narrative" of the Soviet Jewry Movement by The New Republic, began to take shape in 2003 while Beckerman was a student in Samuel Freedman's book-writing seminar at Columbia University's Graduate School of Journalism. Freedman called the Sami Rohr Prize a "career-making prize" and flew to Israel to attend the ceremony.
"It's hard enough for a really serious book on a serious subject by a first-time writer to get positive critical attention to begin with," Freedman said. "For it to receive the National Jewish Book Award, dayenu [it would have been enough], as we say in this season, and now for it to receive the Sami Rohr Prize, it must be beyond dayenu."
While conducting research for the book, Beckerman, who identifies as an American Jew with Israeli roots (his parents immigrated to Los Angeles before he was born ) moved in with his grandparents in the Givatayim house where his mother grew up and a few doors down from his father's childhood home; the two were high school sweethearts.
Beckerman spent up to six hours each day interviewing refuseniks in their living rooms, collecting stories and eating pickled mushrooms. (The term "refusenik" comes from the Soviet authorities' refusal to grant Jews exit visas. ) "These were people," he said, "who had been waiting for someone to knock on their door and say, 'I lived history. I was part of bringing down the Cold War.'"
Yuli Kosharovsky, one of the more than 100 refuseniks interviewed for the book, said he was pleased with the author's approach. "His language is the language of the public, his knowledge is the knowledge of the professor, and his approach is that of an eager researcher, which is a good combination," Kosharovsky said. Reached at his home in Jerusalem on Tuesday, Natan Sharansky, perhaps the most famous refusenik who spent nine years in a Siberian labor camp and now leads the Jewish Agency, said he too enjoyed the book.
Despite the widespread acclaim that the book has received in the English-language press, no publisher has stepped forward to release the book in Hebrew or Russian. Beckerman attributes this in part to misconceptions about the book's scope and potential appeal. "The book isn't about the immigration so much as what led up to the immigration, and I think that that should be a story that's relevant for all Israelis because the Russian community has changed, fundamentally, so many aspects of Israeli society," Beckerman said. "To really understand that, you have to understand the 30 years that preceded 1990," when mass Russian Jewish immigration to Israel began.
Life was more fun for Republicans when they could vote “no” on job-creating bills like the stimulus, then go to ribbon-cutting ceremonies for stimulus projects in their districts.
Now that they're voting “yes” on bills that will slash, delay or eliminate those projects, life's pretty rough.
Check out, for instance, this interview with freshman Rep. Bobby Schilling (R-IL), who's tied in knots over his recent vote to kill a transportation project in his district. Specifically, he voted for the House spending legislation, which would eliminate a $230 million federal grant to build an Amtrak line from Chicago to Iowa City, if it goes into effect.“I'm not saying that we don't ever do Amtrak,” Schilling said. “I'm saying that right now. I want to be clear because that was all part of the big picture when you looked at the pros and cons of what was in there, it was definitely the way to go… to vote for this.”
This was a big deal in his district, so of course people want answers. And one of his answers is that he hopes his Senators — including Democrat Dick Durbin, whom Schilling has criticized — will restore the funds.
“I don't believe it's dead,” he said. But when asked if he would fight for its survival if it returns, he said, “I'm going to take a good hard look at it.” Ironically, Schilling said two players from opposite sides of the aisle will make sure the rail comes across his desk again. “Durbin and [Sen.] Mark Kirk aren't going to let a lot of this stuff flow through, and then it's going to come back and then we break it down on an individual basis,” he said. “You know, that's just how the process works.”
Having abandoned highly popular, perennially bipartisan infrastructure initiatives, a lot of Republicans are facing similar conundrums.
PROVO — Four major Hollywood studios have sued Utah startup VidAngel, a movie editing service, for what they claim is a violation of copyright law.
Disney, Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc., 20th Century Fox Film Corporation and Lucasfilm Ltd. LLC, filed the complaint Thursday in the California Central District Court.
The studios claim that VidAngel does not have permission to copy their videos and TV shows or to stream them to its customers. The company "blatantly violates the Copyright Act and confers on itself unfair and unlawful advantages vis-a-vis licensed services in the (video on demand) marketplace," the complaint states.
The studios also allege that VidAngel "apparently (circumvents) technological protection measures" on DVDs and Blu-ray discs and copies the content for their use.
Neal Harmon, CEO of VidAngel, declined on Friday to comment on the company's model of obtaining the content, saying that he would let his company's response to the complaint answer any questions. As of Friday, his company had not yet been served with the complaint.
"We believe that the law allows for people to have the right to filter content they own on modern devices and we're going to fight for that," he told the Deseret News.
Harmon also responded to the complaint in a blog post Friday:
"Disney, Lucasfilm, 20th Century Fox and Warner Bros. have filed a complaint against VidAngel in federal court. We wish they would have let us know they had issue with VidAngel back in July 2015 when we wrote them a letter to inform them about VidAngel's lawful service. However, we've hired great Hollywood attorneys. We're as confident now as we were when we launched that filtering a DVD or Blu-Ray you own on your favorite devices is your right. We're ready. More to come."
VidAngel allows viewers to edit out portions of a film or television show at their own discretion. Users pay a $20 fee to buy movies from VidAngel, which pays them $19 to buy the film back.
In May, a VidAngel blog post titled "Is VidAngel legal?" attempted to answer questions about the service's legality. VidAngel offers a "family-friendly alternative to traditional movie viewing," the post said, and cited provisions in the Family Entertainment and Copyright Act of 2005 that allow people to edit out portions of media in their homes so long as a member of the household chooses what is edited and the content is from an authorized copy of the media.
VidAngel goes on to say that it sought legal advice and contacted major motion picture studios before launching the service.
In addressing the question "Weren't other companies that edited the movies sued and shut down?" the blog post reads: "Yes, but they were selling edited copies of movies or were deciding what content to screen. VidAngel provides a filtering tool used at your discretion. VidAngel doesn't decide what to edit; you do."
The studios, however, disagree in their complaint.
"It does not matter whether VidAngel sells or rents movies. In either case, VidAngel would need copyright owner consent to circumvent access controls on protected discs, make copies of that content, and stream performances of the content to the public. VidAngel does not have consent to do any of these things. And VidAngel is not 'selling' movies. VidAngel is simply providing an unauthorized dollar-a-day (video on demand) rental service," the complaint says.
The studios are seeking a jury trial, attorney fees, unspecified damages and VidAngel's profits from the streaming and for VidAngel and its affiliates to stop streaming works from the studios.
See the full complaint here.
Twitter: whitevs7
*Editor&39;s note - this article has been updated with new information.
JOHANNESBURG - Police have launched a manhunt for twelve suspects following the rape of a woman and the drowning of her husband and his friend.
The two married couples reportedly took a stroll in Rhodes Park in Kensington before dark on Saturday when they were accosted by the gang.
Police say one woman managed to escape while the other was raped by a gang member in full view of her tied-up husband.
The men aged 25 and 32, were still bound when they were hurled into the dam at the park and drowned.
SAPS Spokesperson Lungelo Dlamini said their bodies were recovered by police divers in the early hours of Sunday morning.
They were certified dead by paramedics,&39; said Dlamini.
One of the 12 suspects was carrying a firearm when the attack happened.
Police have appealed to anyone with information to contact their nearest police station or contact Crime Stop&39;s 24-hour hotline on 08600 1011.
On the heels of today's Creative Cloud software announcement, Adobe pulled the wraps off a new peripheral initiative for creating on a slate. First, Project Mighty is a cloud-connected stylus experiment that pulls tools from Creative Cloud setups and offers pressure sensitivity, a rechargeable battery, Bluetooth connectivity and built-in memory. This device is part of a new undertaking for Adobe that will seek to bridge the gap between software and hardware. In addition to Mighty, there's Project Napoleon, which will offer a second tool for tablet-style drawing. This peripheral will project straight lines to keep sketches neat and tidy in a high-tech ruler fashion. Details are scarce on both items for now, but those who are interested can opt for updates via the source link.
Update: We added a video demo from Adobe after the break
Named Pac-12 Offensive Player of the Week
Stanford oppositehas been selected the Pac-12 Offensive Player of the Week, announced today by the conference.Lutz, a redshirt senior from Houston, Texas, averaged 4.00 kills per set on .526 hitting in wins over Oregon State and No. 16 Oregon. Her efforts helped the Cardinal reach the 20-win plateau for the 17straight season and 37time overall.Lutz recorded a team-high 11 kills on .409 hitting and tallied three blocks against the Beavers on Friday. She followed up with a season-best .688 (13-2-16) attack percentage and three blocks versus the Ducks on Sunday. Stanford has a commanding four-match lead in the Pac-12 standings and remains undefeated at 14-0.For the season, Lutz is hitting .369 in conference matches ranking third in the Pac-12 behind teammates(.519) and(.428).Lutz joins(Oct. 23) and(Oct. 30) as the Cardinal players to be recognized by the conference this season. It is the second weekly honor of Lutz's career as she was also the Defensive Player of the Week on Oct. 26, 2015. Stanford now has 103 players of the week honors all-time.The Cardinal hits the road this week to take on No. 13 Washington on Wednesday in Seattle and Washington State on Saturday in Pullman.
The popular Transit App uses a person's location, and real-time schedules and locations of transportation services to give an estimate of the best way to make a trip. Including by bike.
Transit App, the popular cellphone app that tells you when your next bus or train will show up or where to find a Car2Go, will now show you where the nearest shareable bike is, making it easier to choose the most convenient transit option for a given trip.
Transit App uses a person's location and real-time schedules and locations of transportation services to offer a look at how best to make a trip. Stand at your bus stop and it will tell you when your bus (and any other nearby bus) is coming next.
But it also works as a trip planner: Type in your destination and it will give you various options for getting there: bus, light rail, car-sharing services and ride-hailing services, each with an estimated travel time.
Now Seattle's three private, stationless bike-sharing companies have been added to the app.
Learn more about Traffic Lab » | Follow us on Twitter » Traffic Lab is a Seattle Times project that digs into the region's thorny transportation issues, spotlights promising approaches to easing gridlock, and helps readers find the best ways to get around. It is funded with the help of community sponsors Alaska Airlines, CenturyLink, Kemper Development Co., NHL Seattle, PEMCO Mutual Insurance Company and Seattle Children's hospital. Seattle Times editors and reporters operate independently of our funders and maintain editorial control over Traffic Lab content.
The bikes have quickly become ubiquitous in Seattle, especially in neighborhoods around downtown, to the delight of some and the consternation of others. But with three different bike-share companies, there are three different apps and three different maps showing the bikes' locations.
If you've got no brand loyalty and just want to find the nearest bike, it can be a cumbersome process to juggle and compare the three apps.
So for instance, to make a trip from The Seattle Times on Denny Way to Seattle City Hall, Transit App offers three bus-route options — trip times between 14 and 18 minutes — a 9-minute UBERx, or bike shares with an 18- to 19-minute estimate.
Transit App gets the bike-location data from the bike-share apps themselves, so to the extent that locations are off — as they have been from time to time — they will also be off on Transit App.
Transit App, which is functional in 125 cities around the world, launched its bike-share integration in Seattle, which has essentially been the American guinea pig for the new breed of stationless bike shares, and Washington, D.C., which opened its streets to stationless bike shares last month.
For Porter Robinson, it's the little things that help him survive annual, globetrotting tours--like a pink Nintendo 3DS XL, fresh underwear, and a Tide To Go pen. Given his crazy jet-setting schedule (dude's got 18 shows this summer, starting with his performance at week two of Coachella tonight), the North Carolina-based DJ and producer has figured out how to pack like a boss. He spoke to GQ about the items he never leaves home without.
Apple EarPods
"This might be weird coming from somebody who specializes in music production, but my favorite headphones on Earth are the Apple EarPods. I've bought no less than 30 pairs--I keep losing them! Since so many people use them, they're like a gold standard for listening to music. If I don't have one on the way to the airport, I'll go out of my way to buy a pair."
**Acronym Jacket **
"I have a genre of clothing that I call 'airport jackets'--stuff that's super comfortable and has a hood, because I need to be able to put something over my face. For three years, I toured with a wad Rag & Bone parka, but it got so beat up I had to get a new one. My replacement is a super tactical, tech jacket from Acronym. It's got a magnetic neck that holds yours EarPods."
Tide To Go Pen
"On a less swanky level, I always travel with a Tide To Go pen. To me, it's a miracle product. Washing clothes on tour can be so cumbersome; the only thing that's gonna keep me from wearing something is if it's not too stinky--it's fine, I'm touring, get over it--but if it has a big visible stain on it, then that's embarrassing. It's not a cool thing to rep, but these pens do the trick."
**Advil Liqui-Gels and a Coke Zero **
"So much of the stuff I travel with revolves around a fear of me being stuck in an airplane without having access to something. I always have Advil Liqui-Gels and a Coke Zero with me 100 percent of the time, because I'm afraid of being thirsty on a plane and with a headache. These items are never in the plane's overhead--they're always at my feet."
Nintendo 3DS XL
"I refuse to travel without a Nintendo 3DS XL. Mine is pink with a bunch of anime stickers, so I definitely get some looks. I generally play Super Smash Bros.—it's my favorite game series of all time. Whenever I'm on a plane, I look for someone to play with using the local multiplayer feature. It hasn't happened yet, since that person needs to be searching at the exact same time, but when it does, we'll be best friends immediately."
**Y-3 Mobility Backpack **
"It's has bajillion different pockets, it looks good, and it's just super comfy."
CeraVe Moisturizer
"Here's a weird one: I travel with one of those soft-shell tubes used for holding liquid, and I fill it with CeraVe moisturizer. I know that's very prissy, but airplanes are extremely dry, sterile environments, and it makes my skin crack. To avoid that, I moisturize my face all the goddamn time—it's way more comfortable than being in dry-skin hell while on an 18-hour haul to Australia."
Uniqlo Underwear
If You Think Europe Has a Refugee Crisis, You're Not Looking Hard Enough From Lebanon to Turkey to Pakistan, a wave of migrants is straining governments and testing the fabrics of societies. By Christian Caryl
Infographic by Valerio Pellegrini
Sudanese refugees from Darfur gather during a sit-in outside the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in the Jordanian capital of Amman on Dec. 12, 2015. (Khalil Mazraawi | AFP/Getty Images)
Europe isn't the front line of the world's refugee crisis. Media reports rife with images of people trailing through Hungarian fields and crowding onto rickety Mediterranean fishing boats would have us think that it is. Yet the global reality is starkly different. As the following data show, the overwhelming majority of displaced people are living in countries that don't really have the resources to host them — a trend that's unlikely to abate and one that has ominous implications for the future. Consider Jordan. The Hashemite monarchy is one of the West's most reliable Middle Eastern allies, a moderate and relatively stable Arab state that effectively acts as a buffer between Israel and less compromising regimes (Iraq, Syria, Saudi Arabia). It has very little in the way of natural resources, certainly nothing like the Gulf monarchies' oil wealth. But despite its small size and limited coffers, Jordan is being swamped by refugees, bearing the brunt of a double whammy from the Syrian civil war and the continuing conflict in Iraq. It was hosting some 685,000 internationally displaced people by mid-2015, a massive burden for a country with a population of 6.6 million. (Translate that fraction to the United States, and we'd be talking about more than 30 million refugees.) In fact, the Office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) reports that Jordan is ranked second in the world for the number of refugees (90) per 1,000 inhabitants. The top country is Lebanon, with a staggering 209.
(Source for GDP (PPP) per capita: International Monetary Fund, World Economic Outlook Database. Source for number of refugees: UNHCR.)
(Source for national populations: U.N. Population Division. Source for number of refugees: UNHCR.)
So far Jordan has done an admirable job of coping. But how long can it go on? Few wealthier countries could survive such a seismic population shift without experiencing enormous political and economic challenges. Already, according to the Council on Foreign Relations' Global Conflict Tracker, “The influx of refugees [into Jordan] has driven down wages while simultaneously increasing rent and unemployment, which rose from 14.5 percent to 22.1 percent between 2011 and 2014 in areas with high concentrations of Syrian refugees.” Turkey, much bigger and more prosperous, probably doesn't face a comparably serious challenge to its domestic order from Syrian spillover. Even so, the roughly 2 million displaced people living there hardly constitute an insignificant number, and most are located in a part of Turkey already suffering political and economic turbulence from the Syrian war and the revived Kurdish insurgency. Some scholars consider the wars in Afghanistan — starting with the Soviet invasion back in 1979 — and the resulting outflow of millions of Afghans over their country's eastern border to have been a major factor in neighboring Pakistan's deepening political polarization. It's not unreasonable to worry that something analogous could happen in Turkey and that the ripple effects could be huge, given the country's roles as a major NATO member and a bulwark of stability on Europe's southeastern flank. Similar concerns apply to Africa. As UNHCR data illustrate, stubbornly smoldering conflicts in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Sudan, South Sudan, Somalia, and the Central African Republic account for huge transferences of people on a continent that is likely to double its population (to a whopping 2.4 billion) by 2050. Unless wars cease, the number of people fleeing them will likely reach mind-boggling proportions in the coming decades, with a potentially devastating effect on development. This would be especially tragic, considering that many African states currently enjoy the preconditions for solid economic expansion.
CLICK TO ENLARGE Humanity is churning over borders, swelling some countries while bleeding others dry. The number of refugees worldwide grew from 8.5 million in 1980 to 15.1 million in mid-2015, a nearly 78 percent increase; data from 2015 is only available for the first half of the year. The graphic above shows where these people came from and where they've fled. Origin and host countries are ranked annually by how many refugees they've created or absorbed, respectively, according to UNHCR data. (The visualization generally encompasses the top 20 in these rankings.) The lines in the middle indicate which countries both produce and host refugees: Iran, Pakistan, and Sudan, to name a few. (Source: UNHCR Statistical Yearbook 2015. With regard to the above origin countries: 1. The graphic does not account for Palestinian refugees assisted under UNHCR's mandate because of incomplete data. 2. Ethiopia includes Eritrea until its independence in 1993. 3. Serbia includes Montenegro until its independence in 2006. 4. Sudan includes South Sudan until its independence in 2011. 5. Unknown origin refers to refugees whose country of origin is unknown. In terms of asylum, data concerning the former Yugoslavia as well as Serbia and Montenegro have been reported under Serbia.) Ethiopia, whose economy is among the world's fastest-growing, is a prime example. UNHCR ranks it as the fifth-largest refugee-hosting country globally, and the largest in sub-Saharan Africa. What happens — to the economy, to Ethiopians, to newly arrived refugees — when disaster hits? We may soon see: The country is facing a famine that could leave up to 15 million people without enough food this year and many laborers in the agricultural sector, which comprises 80 percent of employment, with lost income. None of this is to say that what's happening farther north, in Europe, isn't an emergency. Brussels, however, has the capacity to address it. In fact, the challenge posed by refugees could actually serve as a positive impetus for Europe to catch up on some long-neglected homework: bolstering controls on its external borders, deepening political integration, and taking serious moves toward common foreign and security policies. If successfully handled — to the satisfaction of voters — those steps could breathe new life into the European idea and even spur growth; refugees and migrants could help compensate for the graying of European societies and for stalling entrepreneurship. By contrast, there is relatively little that Jordan, Ethiopia, and other countries hosting most of the world's displaced can do to stem or prevent crisis. At least, they can't do what's needed on their own. The world's richest countries — including those that, like the United States, Canada, and Japan, are somewhat protected by geography from the full force of migration patterns — must come to terms with the fact that the magnitude of current displacement dictates a need for a truly global approach. That means more fairly divvying up the responsibilities of giving refugees homes, putting money in UNHCR's woefully underfunded accounts, and working to create and support peace and prosperity in countries that crave it. Today's world is too small to allow a part — any part — of it to sink into chaos and despair.
Knowlton Nash, a veteran CBC broadcaster best known as long-time anchor of The National, died Saturday night at the age of 86, around the time he once was getting ready to go on the air.
"Oddly enough it was shortly before 10 o'clock," said Peter Mansbridge, his successor in the anchor chair.
"10 o'clock was his hour...he was Mr 10 o'clock to us," Mansbridge said in a phone interview late Saturday.
Story continues below advertisement
Nash died in his Toronto home. He had been battling Parkinson's for some years, The CBC reported.
Nash had a 37-year career with Canada's public broadcaster, including spending a decade behind the anchor desk of The National, CBC's flagship news program.
It was there that the broadcaster whose warm eyes appeared magnified behind his oversized glasses earned the unofficial title Uncle Knowlty. It was a reflection of his steady, easy-going style and earnest, scholarly delivery.
"He felt like family to his audience," Mansbridge said.
"There's kind of key words about Knowlton's legacies, the calmness of the approach, the connection with audience."
The CBC issued a statement Sunday, saying "the broadcasting world has lost a giant and the CBC has lost one of its most esteemed and admired colleagues."
"He was a pioneer in the industry who inspired a generation of journalists to aspire to the high standards he set for himself."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Heather Conway, CBC's Executive Vice-President for English Services added, "While I never knew Knowlton personally, Iike most Canadians, I certainly knew him as the anchor of The National. He had a remarkable career and we are deeply indebted for the contributions he made to CBC and the industry at large; what a legacy he leaves behind."
Prime Minister Stephen Harper said he was saddened to learn that Nash had died.
"During his time as anchor of The National, he became one of the country's most trusted and respected broadcast journalists, delivering the news every night to thousands of Canadian homes with insight, warmth and integrity. To many, he was a household figure," Harper said in a statement Sunday.
"Mr. Nash's remarkable legacy includes the rich historical news archives he leaves behind, the many books he authored and the many journalists he helped to train. The nation mourns the loss of this iconic journalist."
Tributes started pouring in from those who he worked with and those he covered as soon as word of Nash's death spread.
"Had the privilege of working many times with Knowlton Nash. The integrity, intelligence and kindness we aspire to. Thinking of you," anchor and reporter Ian Hanomansing tweeted.
There were also tributes from some of the political leaders who Nash interviewed and covered during his long career.
Story continues below advertisement
"Arlene and I mourn the passing of Knowlton Nash, who was a friend and mentor over many years," former Ontario premier Bob Rae tweeted.
Ironically, his dedication to the craft led Nash to walk away from perhaps the most influential spot in Canadian television news in April of 1988.
It was the strongest enticement Nash could offer Mansbridge, then a national correspondent for CBC-TV, to stay in Canada.
Mansbridge had reportedly been offered a $1-million salary to co-anchor a morning show on the U.S. network CBS.
But he agreed to stay over a late-night cup of hot chocolate after Nash volunteered to move to The National's weekend desk.
"He was a mentor, you were going through whatever kind of work crisis you might be going through or career crisis, you'd talk to Knowlton, he'd give you fantastic advice," said Mansbridge.
Story continues below advertisement
His departure — marked by a telephone call by then Prime Minister Brian Mulroney — marked the end of one of the most important decades in the history of the CBC's television news division.
Nash had been a key player in transforming an ailing news show into a major ratings success. From 1969 when he retired his correspondent's trenchcoat to 1978 when he took over anchoring The National, Nash was director of news and current affairs for the English network of the CBC.
It was under his steady guidance that The National moved to a then-unheard-of 10 p.m. time and was paired with his risky creation, The Journal.
The National/Journal hour became an unassailable jewel in the network's crown until anchor Barbara Frum's death in 1992 brought the Journal to a halt and CBC executives took another gamble with the creation of a 9 p.m. news show, Prime Time News.
He was also at the forefront of changes like going from black and white to colour television and shifting from film to electronic newsgathering, Mansbridge said.
"These were big substantial changes within the way we operated and he was at the pointed end of all of those changes."
Story continues below advertisement
Born Nov. 18, 1927, Nash was the son of a promotions manager. His mother, 20 years his father's junior, was the first woman to fly over Hamilton, he once bragged in an interview.
Except for a brief spell when Nash wanted to be a jockey, he always said he would be a newsman.
As a lad of less than 10, he put out several editions of his own weekly newspaper — six laboriously typed pages — which he sold for less than a nickel. He understood the business well enough to sell ad space in exchange for bubble gum and chocolate to local merchants.
By the Second World War, Nash was hawking the Toronto Star and Telegram on a Toronto street corner.
And before leaving his Forest Hill high school he was selling stories about collegiate football to the Globe and Mail.
After attending the University of Toronto, Nash was hired in 1947 for $18-a-week by the wire service British United Press. But before that he tried his handwriting for the magazine True Confessions and edited prisoners' letters for True Crime.
Story continues below advertisement
In 1951, he began a handful of years in Washington as head of public relations for the International Federation of Agricultural Producers, representing about 35 million farmers in some 40 countries.
Later, during a lengthy stint as a freelancer for the CBC, MacLeans magazine and anyone else who would pay him, Nash covered everything from police courts to presidents. He followed John Kennedy, Lyndon Johnson and Richard Nixon, and got the last lengthy interview given by Robert Kennedy before he was assassinated.
He has written books about his career: History on the Run in 1984 and Prime Time At Ten in 1987. He is also the author of Kennedy and Diefenbaker (1990), Visions of Canada (1991).
"He was right there at the front line of history, and there is no question about that it," Mansbridge said.
"How many people can point to those milestones in their past?"
The long-tailed marmot (Marmota caudata) or golden marmot is a marmot species in the family Sciuridae.[2] It occurs in mountainous regions of Central Asia at elevations from 3,200 to 4,850 m (10,500 to 15,910 ft). Its typical habitat is rough grassland and alpine meadows, often among rocks where dwarf junipers grow. It is IUCN Red Listed as The Least Concern.[1]
Description [ edit ]
The long-tailed marmot is a large, sturdy rodent weighing up to 9 kg (20 lb). The eyes are close to the top of the rather-flattened head, the ears are small and the neck is short. The forelegs are longer than the hind legs and the tail is longer than in other species of marmot.[3]
Distribution and habitat [ edit ]
The long-tailed marmot occurs in Afghanistan, Kyrgyzstan, Pakistan, Tajikistan, India and China.[1] In China, it has been recorded in the Tian Shan Mountains.[4]
Ecology and behaviour [ edit ]
The long-tailed marmot usually forms monogamous relationships but lives in larger social groups, with up to seven adults sharing a single home range. These individuals are likely to be related to each other with young adults normally only dispersing after they have become fully grown at three or more years of age. Adult immigrants are tolerated in the group but only a single adult female normally lactates and rears young in any one season.[5]
Home ranges of the long-tailed marmot average about three hectares and contain about three burrow systems (range one to six). In a chamber in one of these burrows the marmots hibernate from about September to April or May, a period during which the ground is covered with snow for much of the time.[5] Different burrows may be used for hibernation in different years. Mating occurs in late April and early May and may take place underground before the marmots emerge from the burrow after the winter. The gestation period is about four and a half weeks and the litter of about four pups emerges from the nest at about six weeks of age. Only about half of the pups survive the summer, some being consumed by predators and others being killed by adult males joining the group. Most adults survive the hibernation period but a rather higher proportion of juveniles die during their first winter. Females do not usually breed as three-year-olds but wait till the following year.[5]
The long-tailed marmot is diurnal and feeds on plant material. It is most active in the morning when about 40% of the time is spent foraging. After emerging from the burrow, the marmot spreads out and do not forage as a group. Food is either collected from the ground by the mouth or plucked from taller plants. Between bouts of foraging, a marmot sometimes stands on its back legs and surveys its surroundings. Group members communicate with each other, emitting complex alarm calls when predators are spotted. They also react to alarm calls of neighbouring groups.[6]
Predators [ edit ]
Predators of the long-tailed marmot include the red fox (Vulpes vulpes), the grey wolf (Canis lupus), the golden eagle (Aquila chrysaetos) and possibly the bearded vulture (Gypaetus barbatus).[6] On the Tibetan plateau, marmot species also form part of snow leopard prey.[7]
See also [ edit ]
TRAIAN BASESCU has many qualities, but the good ones (earthy humour, boundless energy) are wearing thin and the tiresome ones (unpredictability, poor judgment) increasingly rile even his supporters. Now Romania's president has lost his prime minister, the low-key Emil Boc, amid protests over austerity, corruption and general incompetence.
In January Mr Basescu, in typically impulsive style, phoned a live television programme to denounce Raed Arafat, a popular Palestinian-Romanian who founded and ran the ambulance service, for his “leftist views”. Mr Arafat promptly resigned. After violent demonstrations, the government junked plans to privatise the emergency services and reinstated Mr Arafat. Two members of the Senate then defected to the opposition, costing Mr Basescu's Democratic Liberal party, which languishes in the low teens in the opinion polls, its hold on the upper house.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
The street protests have continued. Their causes range from ecological to monarchist, but are mostly about government arrogance. After two weeks Mr Basescu apologised for the “blunders I sometimes make in public”. Mr Boc, in office since 2008, stepped down on February 6th, along with his cabinet, to “diffuse social tensions” and stabilise the economy.
By the standards of nearby Hungary and Greece, Romania's economy is actually quite stable. This is chiefly thanks to its central-bank governor, Mugur Isarescu, who is the country's most-respected public figure and was a linchpin of a $27 billion IMF-led bail-out in 2009. This year's growth forecast is 1.5-2%, only marginally down on previous estimates despite the euro-zone crisis. That said, the deal still requires Romania to cut the budget deficit from 4.4% of GDP in 2011 to 1.9% this year.
The government plans to adopt the euro in 2015. Romanians, weary of tax rises, pay cuts and poor public services, would find austerity policies more palatable if politicians stole less and communicated better. On that count, many find the opposition National Liberals and Social Democrats, though riding high in the polls, not much better than the incumbents.
Another big task is meeting European Union worries about the rule of law, which are holding up Romania's accession to the Schengen passport-free travel zone. An ex-prime minister, Adrian Nastase, has just been sentenced to two years in jail for fraud (part of a vendetta by Mr Basescu, say his supporters). But no big fish have been netted on big charges; a culture of impunity is barely dented. An EU report on February 8th praised some modest progress in corruption prosecutions, but bemoaned “clear shortcomings” in dealing with criminality among judges.
Mr Basescu has nominated Mihai Razvan Ungureanu as prime minister. A polyglot Oxford-educated historian who previously headed the foreign-intelligence service, he should win approval this week in parliament's lower house. The ruling coalition (including an ethnic Hungarian party and independents) still has a majority there. It will be hard for his fresh-faced new team to regain lost ground before parliamentary elections in November. Mr Basescu's own mandate lasts until 2014. Most Romanians already seem tired of him.
A team of archaeologists from universities in Poland, Peru and Colombia have discovered 150 mummies in the Atacama Desert belonging to an unknown culture that predate the Tiwanaku and Inca civilization by almost 500 years.
The bodies were mummified naturally by being buried directly in the sand with no stone structures, wrapped in cotton veils, reed mats or fishing nets, and radiocarbon dating shows that the oldest mummies came from 4th century AD, while the youngest mummies came from 7th century AD.
Project Tambo, University of Wrocław
The Tiwanaku civilisation is believed to have existed between 500AD and 1,000 AD, covering much of what is Peru and Chile today.
Under Project Tambo, the team have been excavating in the Tambo River delta in the northern region of the Atacama Desert since 2008 and the first mummies were found in 2012, but it took until March 2014 for the team to make major discoveries.
Project Tambo, University of Wrocław
Together with the bodies in individual graves, the archaeologists found numerous grave goods, such as weapons like bows and quivers with arrows tipped with obsidian heads, and maces with stone or copper finials.
There were also richly decorated weaving tools, jewellery made from tumbaga (a gold and copper alloy) and copper, reed withes attached to the ears of the dead and beautiful intact pottery.
Project Tambo, University of Wrocław
According to Professor Józef Szykulski, leader of the research project from University of Wrocław, the mummies are of virtually unknown people, and the bows are a particularly interesting find that possibly symbolised power, which could mean that people buried in the Tambo River delta were nobility or the society's elite.
Project Tambo, University of Wrocław
"Bows are extremely rare among the finds from the area of Peru. We have seen them however, in areas further south like Chile and further east in Amazonia. The issue, however, requires a deeper study," Szykulski tells IBTimes UK.
In one grave, the archaeologists even found the remains of a llama, which would mean that the animal had been brought to the region much earlier than previously thought.
"Llama burials are quite common in the pre-Columbian cultures," says Szykulski.
"We learned a lot about what equipment had been used, such as baskets and fishing nets, what these people were doing, which was agriculture and fishing, how they dressed, what ornaments they wore and even how they combed their hair."
Project Tambo, University of Wrocław
The Polish archaeologists will be returning to Peru in October for further excavations, both in the cemetery where they found the unknown mummies, and in an adjacent cemetery where burials belonging to individuals from the Tiwanaku civilisation were found.
The Tiwanaku people were not believed to have ventured as far as the Tambo River delta, and the discovery of these tombs will help to increase understanding of pre-Columbian civilisations in Peru.
Project Tambo, University of Wrocław
Project Tambo is a joint effort between University of Wrocław, University of Szczecin, University of Poznań, University of Silesia, the Archaeological Museum in Głogów, Universidad Católica de Santa Maria in Arequipa, Universidad Nacional in Ica, the Universidad Central in Bogota (Colombia), Jagiellonian University and the University of Łódź.
Last summer, cyber investigators plowing through the thousands of leaked emails from the Democratic National Committee uncovered a clue.
Russian President Vladimir Putin (C), Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu (L) and Russia's Federal Security Service (FSB) Director Alexander Bortnikov watch events to mark Victory Day in Sevastopol May 9, 2014. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
A user named “Феликс Эдмундович” modified one of the documents using settings in the Russian language. Translated, his name was Felix Edmundovich, a pseudonym referring to Felix Edmundovich Dzerzhinsky, the chief of the Soviet Union's first secret-police organization, the Cheka.
It was one more link in the chain of evidence pointing to Russian President Vladimir Putin as the man ultimately behind the operation.
During the Cold War, when Soviet intelligence was headquartered in Dzerzhinsky Square in Moscow, Putin was a KGB officer assigned to the First Chief Directorate. Its responsibilities included “active measures,” a form of political warfare that included media manipulation, propaganda and disinformation. Soviet active measures, retired KGB Major General Oleg Kalugin told Army historian Thomas Boghart, aimed to discredit the United States and “conquer world public opinion.”
As the Cold War has turned into the code war, Putin recently unveiled his new, greatly enlarged spy organization: the Ministry of State Security, taking the name from Joseph Stalin's secret service. Putin also resurrected, according to James Clapper, the U.S. director of national intelligence, some of the KGB's old active- measures tactics.
On October 7, Clapper issued a statement: “The U.S. Intelligence community is confident that the Russian government directed the recent compromises of emails from U.S. persons and institutions, including from U.S. political organizations.” Notably, however, the FBI declined to join the chorus, according to reports by the New York Times and CNBC.
A week later, Vice President Joe Biden said on NBC's Meet the Press that “we're sending a message” to Putin and “it will be at the time of our choosing, and under the circumstances that will have the greatest impact.” When asked if the American public would know a message was sent, Biden replied, “Hope not.”
Meanwhile, the CIA was asked, according to an NBC report on October 14, “to deliver options to the White House for a wide-ranging ‘clandestine' cyber operation designed to harass and ‘embarrass' the Kremlin leadership.”
But as both sides begin arming their cyberweapons, it is critical for the public to be confident that the evidence is really there, and to understand the potential consequences of a tit-for-tat cyberwar escalating into a real war.
This is a prospect that has long worried Richard Clarke, the former White House cyber czar under President George W. Bush. “It's highly likely that any war that began as a cyberwar,” Clarke told me last year, “would ultimately end up being a conventional war, where the United States was engaged with bombers and missiles.”
The problem with attempting to draw a straight line from the Kremlin to the Clinton campaign is the number of variables that get in the way. For one, there is little doubt about Russian cyber fingerprints in various U.S. campaign activities. Moscow, like Washington, has long spied on such matters. The United States, for example, inserted malware in the recent Mexican election campaign. The question isn't whether Russia spied on the U.S. presidential election, it's whether it released the election emails.
Then there's the role of Guccifer 2.0, the person or persons supplying WikiLeaks and other organizations with many of the pilfered emails. Is this a Russian agent? A free agent? A cybercriminal? A combination, or some other entity? No one knows.
There is also the problem of groupthink that led to the war in Iraq. For example, just as the National Security Agency, the Central Intelligence Agency and the rest of the intelligence establishment are convinced Putin is behind the attacks, they also believed it was a slam-dunk that Saddam Hussein had a trove of weapons of mass destruction.
Consider as well the speed of the political-hacking investigation, followed by a lack of skepticism, culminating in a rush to judgment. After the Democratic committee discovered the potential hack last spring, it called in the cybersecurity firm CrowdStrike in May to analyze the problem.
CrowdStrike took just a month or so before it conclusively determined that Russia's FSB, the successor to the KGB, and the Russian military intelligence organization, GRU, were behind it. Most of the other major cybersecurity firms quickly fell in line and agreed. By October, the intelligence community made it unanimous.
That speed and certainty contrasts sharply with a previous suspected Russian hack in 2010, when the target was the Nasdaq stock market. According to an extensive investigation by Bloomberg Businessweek in 2014, the NSA and FBI made numerous mistakes over many months that stretched to nearly a year.
“After months of work,” the article said, “there were still basic disagreements in different parts of government over who was behind the incident and why.” There was no consensus­, with just a 70 percent certainty that the hack was a cybercrime. Months later, this determination was revised again: It was just a Russian attempt to spy on the exchange in order to design its own.
The federal agents also considered the possibility that the Nasdaq snooping was not connected to the Kremlin. Instead, “someone in the FSB could have been running a for-profit operation on the side, or perhaps sold the malware to a criminal hacking group.”
Again, that's why it's necessary to better understand the role of Guccifer 2.0 in releasing the Democratic National Committee and Clinton campaign emails before launching any cyberweapons.
It is strange that clues in the Nasdaq hack were very difficult to find ― as one would expect from a professional, state-sponsored cyber operation. Conversely, the sloppy, Inspector Clouseau-like nature of the Guccifer 2.0 operation, with someone hiding behind a silly Bolshevik cover name, and Russian language clues in the metadata, smacked more of either an amateur operation or a deliberate deception.
Then there's the Shadow Brokers, that mysterious person or group that surfaced in August with its farcical “auction” to profit from a stolen batch of extremely secret NSA hacking tools, in essence, cyberweapons. Where do they fit into the picture? They have a small armory of NSA cyberweapons, and they appeared just three weeks after the first DNC emails were leaked.
On Monday, the Shadow Brokers released more information, including what they claimed is a list of hundreds of organizations that the NSA has targeted over more than a decade, complete with technical details. This offers further evidence that their information comes from a leaker inside the NSA rather than the Kremlin.
The Shadow Brokers also discussed Obama's threat of cyber retaliation against Russia. Yet they seemed most concerned that the CIA, rather than the NSA or Cyber Command, was given the assignment. This may be a possible indication of a connection to NSA's elite group, Tailored Access Operations, considered by many the A-Team of hackers.
“Why is DirtyGrandpa threating CIA cyberwar with Russia?” they wrote. “Why not threating with NSA or Cyber Command? CIA is cyber B-Team, yes? Where is cyber A-Team?”
Because of legal and other factors, the NSA conducts cyber espionage, Cyber Command conducts cyberattacks in wartime, and the CIA conducts covert cyberattacks.
The Shadow Brokers connection is important because Julian Assange, the founder of WikiLeaks, claimed to have received identical copies of the Shadow Brokers cyberweapons even before they announced their “auction.” Did he get them from the Shadow Brokers, from Guccifer, from Russia or from an inside leaker at the NSA?
Despite the rushed, incomplete investigation and unanswered questions, the Obama administration has announced its decision to retaliate against Russia. But a public warning about a secret attack makes little sense. If a major cyber crisis happens in Russia sometime in the future, such as a deadly power outage in frigid winter, the United States could be blamed even if it had nothing to do with it.
That could then trigger a major retaliatory cyberattack against the U.S. cyber infrastructure, which would call for another reprisal attack ― potentially leading to Clarke's fear of a cyberwar triggering a conventional war. President Barack Obama has also not taken a nuclear strike off the table as an appropriate response to a devastating cyberattack.
In August 2009, there was a massive turbine explosion in a power plant at the Sayano-Shushenskaya Dam, on the Yenisei River, in a remote part of the Russian Republic of Khakassia. Cyberwarfare was suspected. It is the ninth-largest hydroelectric plant in the world, more than three times the size of Hoover Dam, and supplies thousands of square miles of western Russia with electricity. Seventy-five people were killed, and the dam, with 30 million tons of water pressure pushing against its 80-story-tall curved cement wall, was in danger of collapsing, potentially drowning thousands of people down river.
It was determined that the explosion was caused by computer code sent from hundreds of miles away. But how or why was the question. Even within U.S. Cyber Command, there were grave concerns about the blast. One Army study that discussed the explosion referred to Marine General Robert E. Schmidle, the deputy commander of Cyber Command, and suggested that he had “speculated this was a possible network attack.”
Shortly after the power-plant explosion, computers at the U.S. Department of the Interior were targeted and an unknown hacker stole a sensitive index of vulnerabilities at thousands of U.S. dams.
Russian engineers conducted a long investigation and concluded that the code was sent by accident from another Russian power plant. Nonetheless, U.S. Army General Keith Alexander, the commander of Cyber Command and director of the NSA, brought up the explosion during a conference and warned, “That's our concern about what's coming in cyberspace, a destructive element. It's coming. It's a question of time.”
If something similar were to happen following Biden's warning, the Russians could assume the worst and launch a deadly counterattack, rather than wait months for the results of an investigation.
By now, Obama should also be wise enough not to trust the advice of his spy chiefs when it comes to cyber conflict. At the start of his first term, he authorized the Stuxnet cyberattack that destroyed about a thousand of Iran's centrifuges used for enriching uranium. This was an illegal act of war, and the first instance of cyberwar.
Obama was told that the computer viruses would not escape the facility, would not affect any other computers if they did escape, and would never be traced back to the United States in any case.
All three claims turned out to be incorrect. The viruses did escape, they infected tens of thousands of computers in many countries and they were quickly traced back to the United States. The operation was also a bust: It destroyed a small fraction of the intended centrifuges and only slightly delayed Iran's enrichment. It also caused Iran to create its own cyber command and retaliate by destroying 30,000 computers belonging to a U.S. oil supplier. U.S. banks were also attacked.
Rather than launch a dangerous covert cyberattack with unknown consequences ―as the administration did against Iran ― it would be far wiser for Obama to press for further economic sanctions, as the administration did with North Korea. At the same time, Washington could begin focusing on cyber defense, long neglected as billions go instead to cyber offense.
“I think the public believes that the U.S. government – Cyber Command, NSA, FBI, Homeland Security – has the capability to defend the electric power grid, pipelines, trains, banks that could be attacked by other nations through cyber,” Clarke told me. “The truth is the government doesn't have the capability, doesn't have the legal authority and doesn't have a plan to do it.”
Slideshow (9 Images)
Washington could also begin exploring new Internet and cyber technologies that are not as easy to attack and destroy, as well as opening an international dialogue on ways to achieve cyberarms control.
“People say that's going to be very, very difficult and verification will be very, very hard,” said Clarke. “I heard that a long time ago about nuclear arms control and then about chemical-arms control – about biological-arms control. But we achieved all of those . . . . Therefore, we should start talking about cyberarms control and cyber peace now.”
Starting with Vietnam, the list of wars the United States has entered with disastrous results continues to grow. Engaging Russia in a potentially endless cyberwar based on questionable evidence will only make it longer. It's time to find better alternatives.
FIFA president Sepp Blatter has said that a full version of the report into alleged corruption surrounding the bids for the 2018 and 2022 Football World Cups would be released in "an appropriate form".
The report will only be released once proceedings against individuals named in the report are finished, Blatter said in a statement on Friday after football's governing executive committee voted unanimously to release the document.
"I am pleased they have agreed. It has been a long process to arrive at this point and I understand the views of those who have been critical," Blatter said.
We have always been determined that the truth should be known. That is, after all, why we set up an independent Ethics Committee with an investigatory chamber that has all necessary means to undertake investigations on its own initiative Sepp Blatter, Fifa chief
"We have always been determined that the truth should be known. That is, after all, why we set up an independent Ethics Committee with an investigatory chamber that has all [the] necessary means to undertake investigations on its own initiative."
The report was drawn up by top US lawyer Michael Garcia who resigned on Wednesday in protest at the handling of the inquiry by FIFA's leadership.
Bidding process
FIFA had been under increasing pressure to publish a redacted version of Garcia's report to help shed light on what happened during the turbulent process for the tournaments awarded to Russia and Qatar respectively.
Garcia, who said himself that the report should be published, spent 18 months investigating allegations of corruption in the bidding process, during which he interviewed 75 witnesses.
In November, FIFA's ethics judge Hans-Joachim Eckert issued a 42-page summary based on Garcia's report which identified cases of "inappropriate conduct" in a number of the bids but said there was not enough evidence to justify re-opening the bidding process.
In Friday's statement, Blatter reiterated that the bidding process for the awarding of the 2018 and 2022 World Cups would not be re-opened.
"We will not revisit the 2018 and 2022 vote and a report by independent, external legal experts commissioned by Mr. Scala supports the view that there are no legal grounds to revoke the Executive Committee's decision on the award of the 2018 and 2022 World Cups," he said.
FIFA had previously said it could not publish the 430-page report for legal reasons.
Al Jazeera's Lee Wellings analyses FIFA's latest decision
FIFA was undoubtedly in a corner but they are out of it now. They did not really have too much choice in the end but to have the full version published.
FIFA will get a lot out of it publicity-wise. Looks like they are finally being transparent, but they have resisted transparency for so long.
When the fuller version is published it may not be dramatically different from Michael Garcia's summary.
I think people are expecting some damning evidence there, I don't think it will be that at all. And actually won't make FIFA look as bad as some people think it will.
In fact, it has turned out very well for FIFA after a very, very difficult year. Blatter is pleased with the way things are going.
FIFA will have its critics because it has done so many things in such a bad way over the last few years since the bidding for 2018 and 2022 took place.
You have got to remember there have been changes at FIFA and Blatter should be given some credit for this. There are new people in executive committees. These people do have clean track records. It's a shame that some people who were part of what was seen as a corrupt executive committee, a lot of them have managed to hang on and are still there.
But changes have already started; the process is already being changed. There won't ever be a farce like this at FIFA in future bids. FIFA does seem to be starting to move in the right direction.
(Update- 12:10 AM with statement from Badawi)
Following Riot Games' banning of Chris Badawi from the LCS last week, both the organization and Badawi posted their own responses to the ruling.
GameSpot reached out to several LCS team owners for their thoughts on the situation and to obtain accounts of any dealings they may have had with the current Renegades co-owner.
Several of those owners have provided GameSpot with statements or interviews regarding their own interactions with Badawi, their thoughts on the ruling, or the conversations around poaching, compensation, and player agency that have sprung up as a result of Badawi and Renegades' responses.
Speaking with GameSpot, Team Liquid co-owner Steve Arhancet discussed meeting Badawi following his bid to purchase Curse Academy (now Team Gravity). Arhancet also shares his feelings on the attempts to poach Yuri "Keith" Jew and Diego "Quas" Ruiz.
In an interview with GameSpot, Team Solomid owner Andy “Reginald” Dinh alleged that Badawi attempted to hire TSM management and coaching staff before approaching current TSM mid-laner Soren “Bjergsen” Bjerg.
Cloud9 owner Jack Etienne, alleged while speaking with GameSpot that Badawi approached two members of his challenger team in an attempt to have them join Misfits (now Renegades), one of whom was under contract at the time.
Speaking to GameSpot, Team Gravity General Manager Jake Fyfe claimed that Badawi attempted to influence their roster during conversations around acquiring an ownership stake in the team. Fyfe also believes Badawi implied to him that he was planning on acquiring Diego “Quas” Ruiz from Team Liquid and attempted to approach Johnny “Altec” Ru while the player was under contract.
A representative from Team Impulse has provided GameSpot with a written statement regarding the ruling. In it, TiP expressed support for the ruling by Riot Games and claimed that Badawi was provided the same assistance and support given to other team owners, but that Badawi had “constant ulterior motive-driven actions.”
Finally, Winterfox owner Brian Cordry has provided GameSpot with a written account of his interactions with Badawi surrounding an alleged attempt to prevent Renegades mid-laner Alex Ich from competing for TDK if financial compensation was provided by Cordry, possibly leading to a TDK forfeit against Winterfox in the 2015 Spring Promotion Tournament.
When asked for comment on the allegations and statements above, Riot Games provided GameSpot with the following statement:
"During the course of the investigation we heard numerous credible allegations about Chris Badawi from a number of teams and players. We investigated all of them thoroughly, but ultimately couldn't find enough evidence to definitively prove or disprove them. We hold ourselves to a very high burden of proof when investigating allegations, and in these cases felt that there wasn't enough non-anecdotal evidence to justify applying penalties. The punishment we handed down was only for the cases where we felt that we had eliminated reasonable doubt."
GameSpot has reached out to Chris Badawi for comment and will update this article when one has been provided.
(Update- 12:10 AM)
Chris Badawi has provided GameSpot with a statement in response to the accusations levied against him:
"This collection of assertions comes as a complete surprise – I am bewildered and quite puzzled. I'll work with Travis to address these point by point at a later date. Since I was only notified an hour prior to their release (I believe this is the industry standard) I will need to actually read these statements prior to doing so. It's hard for me to make sense out of all of this, except to say this seems like a strange and personal outburst painting me in an extraordinarily bad light without evidence of any kind. I'll just finish by asking everyone to keep in mind that I actually haven't poached anyone, and that whatever it is we are all about to read you take with a grain of salt."
Primary and Ancillary Study Results
The Glucosamine/chondroitin Arthritis Intervention Trial (GAIT) was a large, randomized, placebo-controlled trial conducted at several sites across the United States. The GAIT team, funded by NCCAM and the National Institute of Arthritis and Musculoskeletal and Skin Diseases, actually conducted two studies:
a primary, or original, study that investigated whether glucosamine and/or chondroitin could treat the pain of knee osteoarthritis.
of knee osteoarthritis. an ancillary, or additional, study that investigated whether the dietary supplements could diminish the structural damage of knee osteoarthritis.
Two-Year GAIT Study Results: June 2010
New data from a long-term study of the dietary supplements glucosamine and chondroitin for knee osteoarthritis pain reveal that patients who took the supplements (alone or in combination) had outcomes similar to those experienced by patients who took celecoxib or placebo pills. Previous studies have examined the effects of glucosamine and chondroitin on pain associated with osteoarthritis of the knee over a short duration—24 weeks. This study, published in the Annals of Rheumatic Diseases , is the first to assess the safety and effectiveness of the supplements over two years.
Abstract (CAM on PubMed ® )
Research Spotlight
Ancillary GAIT Study Results: October 2008
GAIT researchers led by rheumatologists Allen D. Sawitzke, M.D., and Daniel O. Clegg, M.D., both of the University of Utah School of Medicine, conducted a 2-year ancillary GAIT study at nine sites with a subset of participants from the original GAIT study. The ancillary study results, published in Arthritis & Rheumatism , October 2008, showed that glucosamine and chondroitin sulfate, together or alone, appeared to fare no better than placebo in slowing loss of cartilage in knee osteoarthritis. However, interpreting the study results is complicated because participants taking placebo had a smaller loss of cartilage, or joint space width, than predicted.
Ancillary GAIT Study Press Release—summary of study results
Abstract (CAM on PubMed®)
Primary GAIT Study Results: February 2006
