This is my personal blog. The views expressed on this page are mine alone.
Update, April 8, 2013: Can you hear it? Take the watermark listening test.
Update, January 14, 2015: Check out the results of the listening test.
A while ago, I wrote about my confusion regarding Weird Spotify Compression Artifacts. It turns out the artifacts I was hearing are not due to compression, but a result of audio watermarks that Universal Music Group embeds in digitally distributed tracks. This watermark is embedded in UMG tracks on Rdio, Spotify, iTunes, Tidal, and others. The watermark can also be heard in Universal tracks broadcast over FM radio. Universal Music recordings make up about 25% of most online catalogs, and its labels include Interscope, The Island Def Jam, Universal Republic, Verve, GRP, Impulse!, Decca, Deutsche Grammophon, Geffen, etc.
What the watermark sounds like
Spectrogram of the difference between a watermarked and unwatermarked UMG track. The energy is concentrated in two bands between about 1 khz and 3.5 khz - where the human ear is most sensitive.
UMG uses a spread spectrum watermark, a technique explained in detail in this Microsoft research paper. The watermark scheme modulates the total energy in two different bands, 1khz to 2.3 khz and 2.3 to 3.6 khz. The energy is concentrated in the most perceptually sensitive frequencies because that makes it more difficult to attack or remove without significant audible distortion.
The energy is increased or reduced in 0.04 second blocks. The result can be characterized as a fluttering, tremolo sound. Listen closely to the original vs. watermarked audio samples and try to focus on the 1 khz to 3.6 khz noise range. It helps to wear headphones in a quiet environment.
Audio samples
Here is a short sample (excerpt: Three Doors Down - When You're Young). These are lossless original and watermarked files; what you hear is not a result of compression.
Original:
Watermarked:
If the difference between the two isn't clear, here it is by itself:
Difference:
The character of the watermark may seem subtle during this short sample, but through the duration of an entire song it becomes more familiar and more annoying. Check out my original post on the subject for more examples.
Technical details
The watermark does not start until 1 second into the audio. After this the signal is divided into 0.08 second blocks. Each block is divided in two: some amount of energy is added to the first half and the same amount is subtracted from the second half. This coding scheme allows blind detection (without access to the original file). The actual information in the watermark is not easily recovered because it is modulated by a pseudo random sequence, which is generated by a secret key.
I did a little searching and it seems this watermarking technology is provided by MarkAny, a Korean company that has developed their own watermarks out of university research, and purchased some watermarking patents from Digimark.
Removing the watermark
Since the watermark creates audible distortion, it's worthwhile to try to reduce it. I wrote a MATLAB script that analyzes the block energy and applies some smoothing. This is the result:
Watermarked:
Restored:
More discussion
Hydrogenaudio forums on watermarking
UMG Watermarks audiophile files, pisses off paying customers
Why do labels watermark tracks? Watermarking simplifies copyright enforcement by letting a company track music on peer-to-peer networks. "It gives them the ability to put pressure on policymakers and ISPs to do filtering," says Fred Von Lohmann, an Electronic Frontier Foundation attorney. That may be about the best explanation you will find. See DRM Is Dead, But Watermarks Rise From Its Ashes
Most listeners probably don't notice the watermark in the music they listen to. The audibility of the watermark is very content-dependent; classical, and solo piano in particular, are affected most severely. I've seen complaints on classical music forums with descriptions calling out the characteristic fluttering of the watermark. These listeners might be acutely aware of these sound quality problems, but blame lossy compression or streaming services.
I don't think there is anything inherently wrong with watermarking. The problem is with this particular poorly tested implementation. It is unfortunate considering the amount of engineering effort that goes into every music production.
Dear Dana is a bi-weekly advice column for humans who engage in romantic relationships. Please send your dilemmas, issues, conundrums, assumptions, conflicts, anxieties, worriments, obstacles, complications, predicaments, queries, questions, and any other synonyms for “problems” to deardana@rolereboot.org.
Dear Dana,
In a recent game of “I have never” with a group of friends, I discovered that my girlfriend once had a threesome with two strangers. I never like to ask about someone's past, I don't think it's really relevant in a current relationship. But my girlfriend explained to me that she went out with a guy and when they went back to his place, his flatmate was there so she had sex with both men. I find this quite gross, to be honest, and I have been suppressing it for some time. The issue is that when I am drunk or when we have an argument, I keep calling her the “s” word. I hate using the word and I hate berating her, and I have never done this before. This is driving her away and I do love her dearly—is it normal for me to react in this way?
Any help would be much appreciated.
Signed,
Shamed
Dear Shamed,
Oh, dear. What's happening here is occurring on a few levels, so I'm going to start at the top and work my way down.
I agree with you that someone's sexual past isn't relevant to their present relationship. It would be awkward if you worked the question “ever had a threesome?” into a second date. The sex a person has before they met you has absolutely nothing to do with you, their current partner. But in not asking about your girlfriend's past, you assumed that you knew what her sexual past was. You assumed it was tame, vanilla and, possibly, similar to your own sexual past. When you discovered that your girlfriend had a threesome with two strangers you also found that she is more sexually adventurous than both your assumptions of her and, possibly, yourself.
That was level 1. Ready for level 2? Cause here it comes—you gotta keep the word “slut” out of your mouth. When it comes to your girlfriend, you gotta keep any word that isn't her given name out of your mouth. I'll allow a “honey” or a “baby” if that's you guys' thing, but names that are meant to belittle and dehumanize and shame are not to be used. I don't care how angry or how drunk you get—you know what you're saying. Kindergarten rules still apply in relationships: no name calling. And if you happen to be so drunk that you've blacked out and you don't know what you're saying then 1) stop drinking so you can 2) stop calling the woman you love horrific names.
That was level 2. Ready for level 3? You need to look at yourself and your feelings about female sexuality, take those feelings, put them in a bag, tie that bag up, throw that bag in the goddamn garbage, and start fresh.
Thought experiment: You're at a bar, you've broken up with your girlfriend, and an attractive young lady comes over and starts talking to you. She's tall and has green eyes. She touches you on the arm, you like her, she likes you, the evening goes on, and she invites you back to her place. You are very excited to go have sex with this sexy stranger. You get to her place and hang out with her and make out a bit on her couch and she has her hand down your pants when her roommate comes home, but instead of stopping she keeps going, touching you, and her roommate takes off her coat and doesn't leave the room, she stands there and watches and smiles, and you realize you have the opportunity to have sex with these two hot girls tonight. Do you do it? Or do you run out of the apartment screaming because taking advantage of this opportunity to have sex with two consenting adults is “gross”?
My guess is this scenario is in no way gross to you, which means that your problem isn't with threesomes. Your problem is with your vagina having touched way too many penises. I said your vagina there not to imply that you have a vagina, but rather to imply that you somehow believe that you own your girlfriend's vagina and, therefore, can be ashamed because her vagina has not acted the way proper young lady vaginas should: only have sex when you're in love, say please and thank you, lie and say you don't care if you come or not because it was “still fun.”
Straight male sexuality can be super fraught with ideas of possession and purity and Madonnas and whores and even though vaginas are the reason that every human you have ever laid eyes on exists, straight men can treat vaginas as though they are delicate and easily corrupted. Like Kleenex. Like a vagina is Kleenex and sperm is snot and once a bit of sperm gets on a vagina that's it, game over, throw that vag out and head off in search of a new, clean one. Except you don't want to throw out this vagina because it's surrounded by this woman you love, but now you know her vagina is dirty and how do you forgive her for that? For having dirtied your favorite vagina?
Your girlfriend is not a slut. No one is a slut. Sluts aren't real. Sluts are a construction invented to make women feel bad for daring to fuck the way men do—which is exactly however they like. The term “slut” assumes that a woman belongs to any man they sleep with—that vaginas are erasers that take on some of every penis we interact with and somehow, in the process, become dirtier. Used. Not as good as a clean, untouched vagina. Less worthy of respect, admiration, and love. Are penises used when they interact with vaginas? Based on sheer volume, way more lady juice gets on a penis than sperm gets in a vagina. But no, penises aren't considered to be less worthy if they've seen lots of vaginae. Because penises are supposed to seek out vaginas and vaginas are supposed to stay locked up in a tower waiting for true love. Isn't that how it works?
Right now you're telling yourself the story that if only your girlfriend wasn't such a fucking slut you'd be happy. If you want to keep your girlfriend, you have to change this story. I'm not saying it's wrong that you have a problem with your girlfriend's sexual history. Your feelings are your truth and your feelings themselves aren't bad—it's what you're doing with them that's causing everything to go wrong. You're trying to suppress your feelings but, as you already know, suppressing feelings doesn't work. Suppressed feelings get out, but the act of suppressing them means they come out sideways, twisted and mean and unhelpful.
I think it's fine to have a reaction to the news that your girlfriend is more sexually adventurous than you previously thought. It's fine to feel odd about that—like you don't really know her, like maybe she'll want more from the sex life the two of you have, that maybe she'll want to have sex with other men during the course of your relationship, that maybe you two aren't sexually compatible if she does want those things and you don't.
But you solve this problem by talking to her, finding out what she does want, having an honest conversation about you and her and sex. You don't solve it by pretending to not be mad until beer number three strips away enough of your inhibitions that you start yelling at her that she's a worthless slut. She's not a slut, and you're being terrible to her because you can't handle your shit. This entire thing is your shit, not her shit—your shit. It's about your assumptions and your unexamined beliefs and your fears. So handle your shit. No more name calling, no more assuming that women who have lots of sex are dirty and worthless, and no more pretending your feelings aren't hurt.
Your girlfriend isn't a slut. Your feelings are hurt. Talk to her about your feelings, not her sexual past, but your feelings and you'll find a way through them.
Dana Norris once went on 71 internet dates, many of which you may read about here. She is the founder of Story Club and editor-in-chief of Story Club Magazine. She has been featured in McSweeney's, Role Reboot, The Rumpus, and Tampa Review and she teaches at StoryStudio Chicago. You may find her on Twitter at @dananorris.
Other Links:
“Our Father, Our Mentor,” Liahona, June 2016, 4–6
Illustration by Augusto Zambonato
Have you ever opened a box of parts, pulled out the assembly instructions, and thought, “This doesn't make any sense at all”?
Sometimes, despite our best intentions and inner confidence, we pull out a part and ask, “What is that for?” or “How does that fit?”
Our frustration grows as we look at the box and notice a disclaimer that says, “Assembly required﻿—ages 8 and up.” Because we still don't have a clue, this does not boost our confidence or our self-esteem.
Sometimes we have a similar experience with the gospel. As we look at some part of it, we may scratch our heads and wonder what that part is for. Or as we examine another part, we may realize that even after trying hard to fully understand, we just can't figure out why that part was included.
Our Heavenly Father Is Our Mentor Fortunately, our Heavenly Father has given us wonderful instructions for structuring our lives and putting together our best selves. Those instructions work regardless of our age or circumstance. He has given us the gospel and the Church of Jesus Christ. He has given us the plan of redemption, the plan of salvation, even the plan of happiness. He has not left us alone with all the uncertainties or challenges of life, saying, “Here you go. Good luck. Figure it out.” If we will only be patient and look with a humble heart and an open mind, we will find that God has given us many tools to better understand His comprehensive instructions for our happiness in life:
He has given us the priceless gift of the Holy Ghost, which has the potential to be our personal, heavenly tutor as we study the word of God and attempt to bring our thoughts and actions into alignment with His word.
He has given us 24/7 access to Him through prayers of faith and supplications of real intent.
He has given us modern-day apostles and prophets, who reveal the word of God in our day and have the authority to bind or seal on earth and in heaven.
He has restored His Church﻿—an organization of believers who work together to help one another as they work out their salvation with fear, trembling, and unparalleled joy. 1
He has given us the holy scriptures﻿—His written word to us.
He has given myriad tools of modern technology to help us in our walk of discipleship. Many of these marvelous instruments can be found at LDS.org.
Why has our Heavenly Father given us so much help? Because He loves us. And because, as He said of Himself, “This is my work and my glory﻿—to bring to pass the immortality and eternal life of man.”2 In other words, Heavenly Father is our God, and God is a mentor to us. Our Father in Heaven knows His children's needs better than anyone else. It is His work and glory to help us at every turn, giving us marvelous temporal and spiritual resources to help us on our path to return to Him.
Every Father Is a Mentor In some parts of the world, fathers are honored by families and society in the month of June. It is always good to honor and respect our parents. Fathers do many good things for their families and have many admirable attributes. Two of the most important roles fathers have in the lives of their children are those of being a good example and a mentor. Fathers do more than tell their children what is right or wrong; they do much more than toss a manual at them and expect them to figure out life for themselves. Fathers mentor their precious children and show by their good example the way an honest life is lived. Fathers do not leave their children alone but rush to their aid, helping them to their feet whenever they stumble. And sometimes when wisdom suggests, fathers allow their children to struggle, realizing that this may be the best way for them to learn.
Suspicion of authority and leaders, like peace advocacy, is not uniquely libertarian by any means, but it is consistent with libertarianism. I would go further, though, and say that today, in the year 2009, libertarians are the foremost voices out there warning everyone not to put too much trust in leaders and not to ask them to try to perform miracles. Libertarians, more than anyone else, chafe at the very notion of being led, and understand that expecting leaders to bring heaven on earth is the surest road to hell (see "Why on Earth—Do Leaders So Often Disappoint?" August 11, 2009).
No Possessions? Really? There are other examples I could cite to bolster my case, like Lennon's opposition to the Drug War or his distaste for public schools, but the real sticking point will still be his views of markets. Well, you know what? If Lennon was not a clear libertarian on this issue, neither was he a clear socialist. The evidence is simply inconclusive, with some things he said or wrote supporting the libertarian reading, and others supporting the socialist reading.
To begin with the latter, there is, of course, "Imagine." In that song, Lennon does ask the listener to imagine a world with no possessions, where there is "no need for greed or hunger," a veritable "brotherhood of man," with "all the people sharing all the world." This is Marxism, clear and simple. And some of the things Lennon says in the Playboy Interview back this up. For instance, at one point, Yoko Ono starts talking about the capitalist trap of undermining family life in order to get more single people who will work harder because they don't have to be home evenings and weekends spending time with their families. (This is an odd notion, since singles are actually probably more likely to party harder and if anything have fewer reasons to need to work hard, fewer mouths to feed.)
Lennon not only seems to agree with this; he finds another reason for capitalism to undermine families and favour singles: "Everybody has to buy their own TV, their own phone, their own apartment, their own clothes. You know, there's no sharing or anything." Naomi Klein would be proud, I'm sure, but this is pure nonsense. When people could not afford individual phones, it was common for many households to share just one, and it is still common for less-wealthy singles to share apartments. And I don't see why singles can't share clothes by donating them to charity, if they want. The simple fact is that people share less when they can afford to have their own phones, apartments, and clothes. It's called progress. A More Nuanced View At any rate, these rants about markets are balanced with plenty of evidence of a more libertarian view as well. For instance, Lennon complains at one point that "the car industry is trying to pass laws and it's pointing fingers and… saying 'Buy America'." Sound familiar? Lennon counters, "You don't have to put an American flag on it. If it's good, we'll buy it. If it ain't no good, we're going to buy cars made in Venezuela." This is a critique, not of free-market capitalism, but of crony capitalism, of corporatism, where companies try to curry favour with the state instead of providing a product people want at a price they are willing to pay. Many libertarians have been sounding the very same notes in the past year, as both GM and Chrysler went begging for, and got, massive taxpayer bailouts.
In another section of the Interview, Lennon is asked why the Beatles don't reunite to do benefit concerts to raise money, maybe as much as two hundred million in a single show, to help poverty-stricken South America, for example. He responds, "So where do people get off saying that the Beatles should give two hundred million dollars to South America?" This simple sentence is a principled, individualistic defence against the altruistic assumption underpinning wealth and income redistribution, which is that the rich are morally obliged to help the weak. But this is not all. Lennon goes on to say, "You know, America has poured billions into places like that. It doesn't mean a thing. After they've eaten that meal, then what? It only lasts for a day." Take that, Bono.
A little further on, Lennon admits that he once thought money was "equated with sin." His views evolved, however: "Money itself isn't the root of all evil. Money is just a concept; also it's just energy. So now you could say I've come to terms with money and making money."
And when asked point blank about "all this talk of transcending possessions," Lennon answers, "You can transcend possessions without walking around in a robe. Possessions can be in the mind. A monk who's off in a cave dreaming about fucking, sucking, and eating is in far worse position than me who has so-called money in his back pocket. I'm over the conflict that says you can't be awake and have money. That's absolute rubbish." And here's the kicker: Yoko Ono, who as far as I can tell was more of a socialist than John Lennon ever was (and more prone to spouting mystical mumbo-jumbo), "actually helped a lot with the lyrics" to "Imagine." Whatever Gets You Through the Night I probably haven't succeeded in convincing you that Lennon was a full-fledged libertarian. I haven't really convinced myself of that. Nowhere does he seem to realize, for instance, that international market interdependence (i.e., globalization) is the surest route to lasting peace. But judging from the sources I consulted, there was an awful lot of overlap between his views and libertarianism, and not just on the obvious issues. And I think, too, that there is a lot of overlap with a lot of people who consider themselves left wing, but the whole while are actually railing against crony corporatism, not free-market capitalism.
Let me leave you with one last quotation. Again in response to a question about a Beatles reunion, Lennon says, "What's this game of doing things because other people want it? The whole Beatle idea was to do what you want, right? To take your own responsibility, do what you want and try not to harm other people, right? Do what thou wilst, as long as it doesn't hurt somebody." To my ears, that sounds like a tolerably good expression of the fundamental libertarian principles of non-aggression and self-ownership. That may not make John Lennon a libertarian icon, but it does show that he had a lot more in common with libertarians than we might at first have imagined.
Brazil Edges the US as the Cosmetic Capital of the World
Brazil has edged out the United States as the cosmetic capital of the world according to official figures released last week.
Almost 1.5 million Brazilians took to the knife in 2013, snatching the dubious title of cosmetic capital of the world from the US. Brazil might have been unceremoniously knocked out of their own World Cup, but Brazilians can give themselves some much-needed consolation that they are the world leaders in nips and tucks with 1,491,721 procedures being performed over the course of 2013, a leap of over 60% on previous year's figures.
Breast augmentation leapfrogged lipo to claim top spot as the most popular procedure performed across the 95 countries included in the survey, conducted by the International Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgeons (ISAPS). The popular enhancement saw a dramatic increase of almost 50% on previous year's figures ousting the fat removal favourite from the podium as it dropped to second place in the most frequently performed treatments.
Breast augmentation (1,773,584)
Liposuction (1,614,031)
Blepharoplasty (1,379,263)
Liposculpture (inc lipofilling and stem-enhanced lipofilling) (1,053,890)
Rhinoplasty (954,423)
Germany – The Penis Enlargement Capital Of The World
While Germans may be sat at home smugly clinging on to the World Cup, there are certain areas where the menfolk are slightly less satisfied. Indeed, almost 3,000 penis enlargements took place in Germany in 2013, more than the other countries listed in the top ten combined.
South America – The Cosmetic Continent
South America is home to some of the most cosmetic obsessed nations on earth with Venezuela, Brazil and Columbia leading the charge in procedures per capita people respectively. In terms of procedures Brazil topped was home to the most procedures with only breast augmentation (US) and penis enlargement (Germany) being the only categories where they failed to take the top spot.
A Surge in Surgeon Figures
Each of the 95 countries included in this comprehensive survey experienced an explosion in cosmetic surgeons over the last two years with many of them recording over double the number of active plastic surgeons than in ISAPS' previous census. Russia reported by far and away the largest increase with the number of practicing surgeons increasing four-fold over two years to a whopping 2,000 dotted across the country.
For more information on the various statistics included in this summary and to download the full survey and take a look at complete data set, please visit the statistics section of the ISAPS website.
ISLAMABAD: Khyber Pakhtun­khwa Chief Minister Pervez Khattak has said he will not dissolve the provincial assembly even if he has to quit his office.
“I have given the commitment (to the members of the assembly) that I will resign but not dissolve the assembly,” he said at a press conference on Monday while answering a question about a no-confidence motion tabled against him.
He denied the formation of a forward bloc in the Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf's KP chapter or in the assembly and said some MPAs were displeased with some ministers but their grievances had been addressed.
He said the no-confidence motion against him had been tabled by MPAs in order to prevent any move to dissolve the assembly.
Interestingly, the chief minister admitted having been using official resources for participating in his party's month-long sit-in at Islamabad's D-Chowk.
CM admits using official resources for attending sit-in
“I am Pervez Khattak only in my home. Outside it, I am chief minister. Wherever I go, I am chief minister. I am authorised to use three official vehicles with fuel,” he said when asked if he was attending the sit-in as the chief minister or in his personal capacity.
He said he had been regularly attending his office in Peshawar during the day time, even holding official meetings. Not a single file is pending in his office.
“In the initial 10 to 12 days of the sit-in, I did not go to Peshawar. But now I travel to Peshawar from Islamabad four to five days a week. Even now I have come directly from Peshawar,” he said when his attention was drawn to criticism over his absence from his province.
Besides, he said, it was not only the chief minister who ran the provincial government. “There is a chief secretary and there are ministers.”
He condemned police action against PTI workers in Islamabad and alleged that the capital city had been turned into a “police state”. He claimed that cases had been registered even against him.
He said an FIR was registered against the Punjab chief minister on the charge of being involved in the killing of 14 people on the 80th day of that incident and on court orders, but the chief minister of another province was booked within minutes after an incident.
He challenged police to arrest him if they dared to do so. “Come and arrest me. No-one has the courage to do it,” he said.
Mr Khattak said the IG of his province would not obey even him if he ordered him to baton charge protesters.
Asked about the funding for the PTI's sit-in, he said people had trust in Imran Khan who could collect millions of rupees for his hospital in a few hours. On the contrary, he said, he had launched the chief minister's fund for donations for internally displaced persons but could collect only Rs600,000 despite having spent over Rs1.5 million on advertisements.
He evaded a question about reports that he had refused to submit his own resignation and those of his party's MPAs at a party meeting in which former MNA Javed Hashmi had opposed the proposal that PTI legislators should resign. “This is a bad question and I can give a bad reply. Bring any proof if you have,” he said.
In reply to another question, he claimed that no political issue had come under discussion during his recent meeting with Army Chief Gen Raheel Sharif. He said they had only discussed military operation in North Waziristan and matters related to IDPs.
He said he was ready to open any constituency in the KP for a rigging probe because elections had been held there in a free and fair manner.
JI CHIEF: On Sunday night, Jamaat Islami (JI) chief Sirajul Haq met the chief minister and discussed the prevailing political situation, JI spokesman told Dawn. He said the opposition jirga could not meet on Monday because Mr Haq had to go to Lahore to attend a meeting of the party's Shura.
Published in Dawn, September 16th, 2014
Welcome to Health Reform Watch, Sarah Kliff's regular look at how the Affordable Care Act is changing the American health-care system — and being changed by it. You can reach Sarah with questions, comments and suggestions here. Check back every Monday, Wednesday and Friday afternoon for the latest edition or sign up here to receive it straight from your inbox. Read previous columns here.
This past February, well before HealthCare.gov opened for business, the Congressional Budget Office made a prediction. The nonpartisan agency projected that the federal exchange, alongside 14 state run Web sites, would sell 7 million people insurance policies in 2014.
The number quickly became the political benchmark for the health law's success or failure, a ruler by which to measure the success of a largely unprecedented insurance expansion.
White House officials used it when they talked about how many young people they needed to sign up. Health and Human Services forecasted out, month by month, how many sign-ups they would need to get to 7 million.Health law opponents, too, focused on the CBO projection when they saw terrible sign-up numbers in October and November. How could you get to 7 million sign-ups, after all, when the first day of enrollment had netted a mere six customers?
But what seemed impossible in October suddenly became a lot more plausible in late December. This weekend, new enrollment data showed approximately 2 million Americans signed up for private health insurance plans since the start of open enrollment. Health policy experts now see a space to get to 7 million -- although it's by no means a guarantee.
"October and November were essentially lost months," says Larry Levitt, senior vice president at the Kaiser Family Foundation. "December is the first month where we're getting an indication of how things are working. It's starting to track with what people, particularly the CBO, projected originally."
"It was a very impressive December," says Dan Mendelson, president of health research firm Avalere Health. "The fact that they have about 2 million enrolled is not that far off from 3.3 million."
Avalere did its own projections for health law enrollment, modeling what the numbers would look like if shoppers signed up at the same rate as they did with Part D, the Medicare drug program that launched in 2006. Not accounting for HealthCare.gov's massive technical issues, they had expected 2.4 million people to gain coverage by the Jan. 1 deadline.
In the Part D experience, 34 percent of the first-year enrollees signed up to get coverage at the very first opportunity. Right now, 2 million Obamacare enrollees works out to about 28 percent of the 7 million figures.
"Where they are, with about two million enrolled, if they continue to enroll at the present rate, and there's a little acceleration at the end, they could get to seven million," Mendelson says.
Will enrollment continue apace, or even speed up a bit? That's a bit difficult to predict. Some expect a slight slowdown in the early months of 2014, when shoppers don't face an imminent deadline for purchasing coverage.
"I think January and February will probably slow down, but I would not be surprised at all if March is much bigger than December," Levitt says. "I don't think the outreach campaigns have peaked yet, and March is when you actually have to get coverage. That will be the real story."
And between January and March, there's still space for plenty to go wrong. There will no doubt be lots of stories in early 2014 of how well shoppers do -- or don't -- like the new coverage they purchased through HealthCare.gov. And that could influence potential buyers' decisions of whether they think the new health plans are a worthwhile investment.
"If the stories that start to emerge are like, 'I signed up, I paid, and now I can't get my benefits,' that could be negative," Mendelson says.
Some states, like Oregon and Maryland, are still having lots of technical problems with their own exchanges, and that could depress enrollment in those particular places. Oregon has signed up a paltry 5.9 percent. But Connecticut has already enrolled more people than the federal government projected it would in the entire year.
And, as health policy experts are very quick to point out, hitting 7 million enrollees isn't some magical benchmark, where the Affordable Care Act suddenly has the manpower to work. If the Congressional Budget Office had projected 5 million sign-ups this year -- or 15 million -- we'd have a much different measuring stick. What seems to matter more is the mix of who signs up, whether they tend to be older and sicker -- or include lots of healthy, younger people, too. While the White House has repeatedly promised demographic information, it has not yet released this type of data.
KLIFF NOTES: Top health policy reads from around the Web.
What Obamacare means to the people actually signing up. "Adam Peterson's life is about to change. For the first time in years, he is planning to do things he could not have imagined. He intends to have surgery to remove his gallbladder, an operation he needs to avoid another trip to the emergency room. And he's looking forward to running a marathon in mid-January along the California coast without constant anxiety about what might happen if he gets injured. These plans are possible, says Peterson, who turned 50 this year and co-manages a financial services firm in Champaign, Ill., because of a piece of plastic the size of a credit card that arrived in the mail the other day: a health insurance card." Lena H. Sun and Amy Goldstein in The Washington Post.
Patients are cramming in tests before the start of the new year. "Thousands of people are cramming in tests, elective procedures and specialist visits before year's end, seeking out top research hospitals and physician groups that will be left out of some 2014 insurance plans under the new health law, health-care providers say. Ben Rosenthal, a 57-year-old freelance market researcher in Los Angeles, rushed to squeeze in a lung exam the day after Christmas. His new insurance plan under the health law won't cover care at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles, where he was referred under his current plan." Timothy W. Martin in The Wall Street Journal.
We don't know if Obamacare is working well. But we know it's working. "Healthcare.gov is a (mostly) functioning website. This was no sure thing even a few weeks ago. At the end of November, when officials announced that they had met their goal of constructing a website that worked well for most customers, they were cautious to warn about future problems. Partly that was because their previous predictions of success proved so unbelievably wrong. And partly that was because they feared a late surge of customers would overwhelm the site's capacity, threatening a whole new period of chaos. But the system held up just fine, as the high enrollment numbers indicate." Jonathan Cohn in the New Republic.
Should the Supreme Court rule in Hobby Lobby's favor, it will have signaled to every subsequent litigant that science has no place in the courtroom. That should scare us all.
Birth control benefit opponents obfuscate basic concepts about reproduction and women's health.
DerekTGreen/flickr
In the religious and political fervor surrounding the Hobby Lobby and Conestoga Wood Specialties cases, which the U.S. Supreme Court is expected to rule on any day now, three simple statements of fact about women's health and reproduction seem to have gotten lost: Contraceptives prevent pregnancy, abortifacients terminate a pregnancy, and a pregnancy begins at implantation. So contraceptives by definition are not abortifacients because they prevent a pregnancy; if they work, there is no pregnancy to be terminated.
These statements are not up for debate. They're not subject to any “well actually” muddying of the waters. They are incontrovertible facts based in science.
Nevertheless, should the Supreme Court rule in Hobby Lobby and Conestoga Wood's favor, and allow them to avoid their obligations under the Affordable Care Act because they are opposed to abortion-inducing drugs and they “believe” that certain emergency contraceptives qualify as such, those three factual statements will become mere matters of opinion.
Get the facts, direct to your inbox. Subscribe to our daily or weekly digest. SUBSCRIBE
Undermining these basic scientific facts has been crucial to the strategy that Hobby Lobby and other corporations have employed during their holy crusade against the birth control benefit. And partisan organizations like the Charlotte Lozier Institute, the research arm of the virulently anti-choice Susan B. Anthony List, are eager to assist. They conduct “research” and propagate agenda-driven nonsense from non-credible scientists, all the while ignoring and dismissing actual scientists: The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG), which is world renowned for being comprised of premier experts in women's health, and whose definition of pregnancy has been the standard since 1970, for example, is dismissed as “rabidly pro-abortion.”
Birth control benefit opponents obfuscate basic concepts about reproduction and women's health. They attempt to turn a discussion about when pregnancy begins—and therefore when and how a pregnancy can be terminated—into a discussion about when life begins. But as Rewire's own Jodi Jacobson wrote in an article entitled “Life Begins At Conception. That's Not the Point”:
Human life has to begin with conception, but conception is not the same thing as pregnancy, the latter of which reason, science, and medical evidence agree begins when a fertilized egg successfully implants in the uterus and develops into a healthy embryo.
Reason, science, and medical evidence are dangerous to the anti-contraception agenda. Simple biological truisms—that pregnancy begins at implantation, for instance—become, according to the Charlotte Lozier Institute, “Orwellian new-speak” designed to obscure the “reality” that all hormonal contraceptives potentially are abortion pills. The fact that this “reality” is actually a fantasy doesn't matter.
In pursuit of their fantasy, birth control benefit detractors dismiss any person or organization that doesn't march in lockstep with their junk science agenda. They happily ignore that the Food and Drug Administration, the National Institutes of Health, the American Medical Association, and the medical community writ large agree that emergency contraceptives are not “abortion-inducing drugs.” They ignore the legal opinions of judges like Edward Korman, who, in Tummino v. Hamburg—which ultimately required that Plan B be made available over-the-counter—called the idea that Plan B could affect implantation “scientifically unsupported speculation.”
Birth control benefit opponents even ignore people in their own camp: The official journal of the Catholic Health Association, for example, published an article stating that Plan B works only as a contraceptive and is not “abortion-inducing.”
Dennis Sullivan, who is the director of the Bioethics Center at Cedarville University, and an abortion foe, published an article stating that he had found no evidence that Plan B causes abortion. He even told Christianity Today, ”Our claims of conscience should be based on scientific fact, and we should be willing to change our claims if facts change.”
That, too, doesn't matter to birth control benefit naysayers.
Given the concerted effort by anti-contraception forces to introduce as much confusion as possible to the issue of whether contraceptives cause abortion (they don't), it is unsurprising that Hobby Lobby, and the family that owns it—the Greens—maintain beliefs about contraception that don't reflect scientific reality.
What is surprising, however, is that no court seems willing to address whether or not the beliefs held by the Greens and other plaintiffs who have filed similar lawsuits are based in fact.
Hobby Lobby and the Greens make two assertions in their lawsuit. First, they allege their belief that life begins at conception and that any action that might potentially harm a fertilized egg, including any action that might prevent a fertilized egg from implanting in the uterus, is immoral. Second, they assert that Plan B and ella “could prevent a human embryo … from implanting in the wall of the uterus.”
The first assertion is a religious belief, and the Greens are welcome to it. It's not my place to quibble with their religious beliefs no matter how absurd I think they are. So sacred are individuals' religious beliefs that courts rarely challenge or question them.
The second assertion, however, is one of scientific fact and must be subject to court inquiry.
David Green, in an editorial for USA Today, wrote, “Being Christians, we don't pay for drugs that might cause abortions. Which means that we don't cover emergency contraception, the morning-after pill or the week-after pill.” This is a scientific claim.
So why hasn't any court required Hobby Lobby or the Greens to substantiate the claim that Plan B and ella “might cause abortions”? Both the district court and the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals simply accepted this claim at face value. As Chief Judge Mary Beck Briscoe noted in her opinion dissenting from the Tenth Circuit's ruling in favor of Hobby Lobby, “plaintiffs' allegations regarding the abortion-causing potential of the challenged drugs are subject not only to examination but evidentiary proof.”
Had any court subjected the Greens' claims to evidentiary proof, it surely would have reached the same conclusion shared by the scientific community: None of the mandated contraceptive devices to which the Greens and Hobby Lobby object are “abortion-inducing.”
As a group of health-care professionals with expertise in women's health, including ACOG, concluded in an amicus brief submitted to the Supreme Court:
Abortifacient has a precise meaning in the medical and scientific community and it refers to the termination of a pregnancy. Contraceptives that prevent fertilization from occurring, or even prevent implantation, are simply not abortifacients regardless of an individual's personal or religious beliefs or mores.
I don't doubt that the Greens and plaintiffs like them are sincere in their beliefs that Plan B and ella are abortion-inducing drugs. But a sincerely held belief can be wrong, and courts must challenge the facts underlying a religious belief—otherwise there's virtually nothing constraining religious believers from seeking legal protection based on whatever they pull out of thin air.
Imagine the chaos that would reign if people could bring religious challenges to laws based on their sincere belief in something that has no basis in reality. Today, Hobby Lobby and the Greens believes that Plan B and ella are abortifacients and refuse to provide insurance plans that include coverage for the drugs. What's to stop them from refusing to provide insurance plans that include coverage for ibuprofen based on a far-out claim that ibuprofen causes abortions?
At what point does this madness end?
The Greens may be sincere in their religious beliefs, but to the extent that their “religious beliefs” are actually scientific claims, courts should require them to provide evidence to support those claims just like any other factual question. And in this case, the Greens' supposed religious beliefs are actually no such thing—they are sincerely held, but wrong, scientific views. And should the Supreme Court rule in their favor, it will have signaled to every subsequent litigant that science has no place in the courtroom.
That should scare us all.
Castro remains a popular figure in Cuba, where he ruled for almost half a century [GALLO/GALLO]
Castro remains a popular figure in Cuba, where he ruled for almost half a century [GALLO/GALLO]
Castro, who for 49 years headed a government frequently accused of mistreating prisoners by human rights groups, said Cuba had never tortured captured spies.
He was referring to Gererdo Hernandez, one of five men captured by the US in 1998 and accused of being members of a Cuban espionage ring tasked with gathering intelligence on members of the Cuban exile community in Florida.
Prosecutors said the men had been involved in the shooting down by Cuban jets of two planes dropping pro-democracy leaflets on Cuba. They received sentences ranging from 15 years to life in prison.
Cuban agent ill
Castro alleges that Hernandez has been placed in a tiny cell with another prisoner.
"There are two men in a space one metre in width," Castro said. "He's not only in a high-security prison, which is already a deep hole, he's in a hole inside the hole."
Castro said Hernandez was ill, too. "He's sick, he could have a bacterium," Castro said. "He's a person who needs medical assistance." Hernandez, the leader of the five agents, is serving two life sentences for his role in the plot.
The former Cuban president's comments came as the US demanded the release of one of its citizens that Cuba has imprisoned for spying.
Alan Gross was jailed in Havana last December on suspicion of espionage, but has not been officially charged. US officials say that his health is suffering and on Friday called for his detention to end.
Castro has made a series of public appearances in recent weeks, emerging from four years out of the limelight. He had stopped making public appearances after undergoing serious surgery, and handed control of the Caribbean island to his brother Raul.
Raul offically became president in 2008, when Castro tendered his formal resignation.
This 1967 Fiat Dino coupe (chassis 135ac0000882) is said to have resided in California for most of its life, and though last on the road in the late 70's, it's Ferrari V6 still turns freely with good compression. Further described as mostly complete, the seller admits to some rust, the worst of which is said to be confined to the left side lower rockers. Find it here on eBay in Roseville, California with reserve not met. Special thanks to BaT reader Kenneth S. for this submission.
An early production 2.0 liter car, 1969-on models ran a larger 2.4 liter version of the same all aluminum DOHC per bank V6. The seller says this one still turns freely with good compression, and the engine bay does look very complete. No cabin or rear angle exterior shots are provided, unfortunately, though the seller says that the cabin is largely complete despite being in need of complete restoration.
The ad further claims that the engine sounds as if it wants to turn over under its own power, but even if it turns out to need relatively little work, sourcing trim, tracing electrical faults, rebuilding suspension and brake components and repairing rust will still take lots of time and money. The car is obviously worth it though, and fortunately there's little chance it won't be properly restored–we just hope it still gets driven, too.
Washington (CNN) The government made thousands of files related to the assassination of John F. Kennedy public on Thursday, marking the latest installment in the collection's delayed release.
Many of the documents in Thursday's release show the intelligence community grappling with -- and griping about -- investigations into the assassination, and further underscore covert activities in the Cold War.
Thursday's release included nearly 13,000 CIA documents, all formerly withheld in part except for two, and more than 200 NSA documents previously postponed from release on the original deadline last month
In one 1963 file, the CIA refers to knowledge about Lee Harvey Oswald's infamous visit to Mexico City prior to the Kennedy assassination and the reaction from the agency when the news came that Oswald was the potential assassin.
"When the name of Lee Oswald was heard, the effect was electric," wrote John Whitten of the CIA.
Seeking to shed light on the assassination, Congress passed a law in 1992 mandating the release of all secret files related to the Kennedy assassination and gave the government 25 years to do so, leaving the decision to further withhold the files up to the sitting president. The 25-year deadline hit in October, and President Donald Trump at first decided to release most, but prevent some of the documents from being released.
Trump went on to say all files would become public, with some names being withheld. Thursday's release was the latest publication of the secret files, following a release of files last week and another batch released on the deadline last month.
Tangentially related records
The collection includes many files only tangentially related to the Kennedy assassination, including documents on US activities in Cuba and the assassination of Martin Luther King Jr., which was examined alongside the Kennedy assassination by a congressional committee.
Some provide details about the intelligence community's more controversial activities.
One document , for example, shows that the CIA knew of a Bulgarian independence activist confined in a military hospital in Panama under the false pretense of being a psychopath. The activist drew the attention of Greek authorities, French intelligence and the CIA. The file referred to him alternatively as Kelly, D.A. Dimitrov and Gen. Donald A. Donaldson.
The document said the US "was considering an 'ARTICHOKE' approach to Kelly to see if it would be possible to reorient Kelly favorably" by dispatching agency doctors to drug him and change his behavior, but ultimately decided to do nothing.
Project Artichoke was a predecessor to Project MKUltra, an experimental CIA mind control program. The 1977 file put together the information on the Bulgarian because the "apparently alive" independence activist was talking about the Kennedy assassination.
Image credit: Stuart Pilbrow , used under Creative Commons license.
Earlier this week I reported on how more Brits die from cold than Siberians, and the Government has previously faced court action for not tackling the issue of fuel poverty. Now a coalition of campaigners is stepping up the fight—calling on dangerously cold homes to be made illegal. After all, we have fire codes and compulsory carbon monoxide checks to prevent accidental deaths—why not mandate warmer homes too?Friends of the Earth's (FOE's) Warm Homes Campaign is increasing pressure on UK legislators to step up and take real action to protect the most vulnerable members of society from living in unnecessarily cold conditions. While homeowners have opportunities to benefit from cash grants, and long-term personal incentives to improve their homes' insulation and weatherization, a new report from Government watchdog Consumer Focus shows that it is often renters that bare the brunt of inadequately insulated homes, as the FOE campaign explains:
"The report shows that 40 per cent of the worst insulated properties could be improved for less than £1,500. These very cold, hard-to-heat homes are a serious health risk to people living in them. A recent poll for Friends of the Earth revealed tenants suffered most in the big freeze with half saying they felt uncomfortably cold at home. Houses rented from a landlord or lettings agency are the most likely to lack basics such as loft and cavity-wall insulation."
As George Monbiot argued earlier this week, this problem is only exacerbated by energy pricing that sees renters often paying more for prepay gas metering, as well as pricing structures that mean the first units of energy a household uses are often the most expensive.
Specifically, the FOE campaign, which has received backing from Manchester and Bristol City Councils, Age UK, Citizens Advice, Macmillan Cancer Support and housing charity Crisis, is calling on the Government to make it illegal to rent out dangerously cold homes by 2016. Just as we don't allow landlords to rent out homes that are fire-hazards, or car companies to sell vehicles with inadequate breaks, it's time we made sure all homes conform to a minimum safety standard when it comes to efficiency.
More on Warmer Homes and Fuel Poverty
Fuel Poverty in the UK: Government Faces Court Action
More Brits Die from Cold Than Siberians: Utilities and Government to Blame?
British PM Putting Unemployed to Work Insulating Attics
Jon Henley is travelling through Portugal, Spain, Italy and Greece to hear the human stories behind the European debt crisis. On the sunny Iberian peninsula there is a feeling that as bad as things are, they're not yet as awful as they will become
Spain and Portugal: 'the worst will be next year. Then it will really hit'
It's not obvious, that's the first thing. Maybe it's because of the weather: Spain and Portugal are enjoying an Indian summer of quite improbable splendour, with clear, powder-blue skies, hot as June. As Juan Darriba put it in Seville: "It's hard to be down when you're blessed with this."
Partly, too, it's the fact that here so much of life is on the street. "We can't stay indoors," said Encarnacion Codeseda, in Huelva. "It's impossible for us. We have to be out. It's the way we are. And once you're out, well, you see friends. You're cheerful."
Some of it is down to pride. And because, as bad as things are, they could be worse. "The worst will be next year," predicted Ana Lobo, in Lisbon. "Now, it's almost still summer. In January, when it's cold and dark, electricity, public transport, bread, will go up. Taxes too, a lot. And pensions and benefits will be cut. Then it'll really hit."
Whatever the explanation, it is not immediately apparent, on a trip through the Iberian peninsula this past week, that the worst economic crisis since the second world war has got a grip. Cafe terraces are well occupied. Some shops might be boarded up but many are open and doing business. Life continues.
As always in such times people are doing fine – until one day, suddenly, they're not, any more. Then there's no shortage of stories.
Luis Alves, a 30-year-old freelance graphic artist in Lisbon, survives only because he works for clients outside Portugal. "The market here has died. Banks aren't lending. Everything, economically and politically, is blocked." Of all his social circle, he said, only two had proper job contracts.
Elsewhere, people speak of friends holding down two, even three part-time jobs. There is resentment, too, at the fragility of what little work is available: a system in Portugal known as recibos verdes, or green receipts, entails workers – hundreds of thousands now – being hired on temporary contracts which bring no social security or holidays.
In Seville Darriba, also 30, has two diplomas, in international trade and industrial safety, but beyond stints at a Citroën plant and the docks in Galicia, he has only ever worked as a waiter. "Even then they cheat you. They declare only half or a third of the hours you work so they don't have to pay full social security. It means if you're out of work you can't claim benefits because you haven't paid enough in."
Many predict an exodus. In Huelva, where 45% of all under-25s are without a job, Dani Martin, a trainee chef, is barely 20 but already resigned to leaving. "I won't find work round here," he said. He had worked in a cafe this summer but takings at Huelva's bars were down a third and the owner refused to pay him. "I've worked abroad before and I'll have to leave Huelva, probably Spain, to find a proper job."
The crunch is hardest, pensioners readily volunteer, for younger generations who grew up on cheap, seemingly limitless credit, with the impression that Spain's and Portugal's comparatively low wages (Portugal's minimum wage is less than €500, or £438, a month) did not necessarily mean an obstacle to smart cars or spanking new villas.
Those who remember the Portugal of the past take a more sanguine view. "We grew up in a different age," said Helena Martins, in Loule, on the Algarve. "Portugal was poor then. We know how to live simply. Lots of older people around here, especially in the countryside, still grow some of their own food. We shop sparingly and live on little. The young ones aren't the same. They don't know how to live within their means."
According to Martins, apartments in the town centre are being repossessed and sold at auctions now taking place almost weekly: "Flats that a few years ago would have cost €130,000 are selling for less than a third of that. People who have money are going to do very well out of this. I know a man came from Switzerland specially for one auction here."
But there is real hardship. Lisbon's Banco Alimentar, or food bank, the largest in Europe, distributes 12,000 tonnes of food a year to about 250 local charities, helping to feed up to 160,000 people last year. The number has been rising sharply over the past two years, said José Almeida, a retired mining engineer who helps run it. Those asking for food, he said, "are not the ones you'd usually expect". He added: "Couples who both had good jobs, and a high standard of living … then one's made redundant and they can't keep up the cars, the mortgage, the school. They turn to charity." Last year lawyers, engineers, even a judge sought help, he said.
So who do people blame? There's anger, plainly, at the banks.
"They threw money at people," said Martins. "They gave the impression it was Christmas every day."
In Spain, the property developers, financial institutions and politicians who fuelled the country's wild property boom, come in for a beating. There is resentment, too, at a state apparatus seen as over-large, inflexible, outdated and too hung up on paperwork, the last a constant complaint.
"There seems to be," said Renny Jackson, an English teacher, "an almost complete mismatch between much of what the state does and what people actually need. To be legally self-employed in Spain costs €250 a month, more than a third of what I earn. So many people are driven to the black economy."
Politicians of all hues are beyond redemption. "So much waste, so much corruption," said Javier Dale, a Spanish journalist. "Every election, millions and millions are wasted in towns around Spain because new town councils call a halt to expensive projects already started by their predecessors and start new ones of their own."
Elected leaders in both countries, people say, failed dismally to react to the global processes of the past decade (globalisation, and trade with east Europe, and Asia) that undercut Spain and Portugal's economic advantage in Europe – low wages. Too much EU money rather than being invested productively went on vast vanity projects.
"We have two motorways connecting Lisbon to Porto, but zero investment in technology," said Manuel Lourenco, a Portuguese businessman, "We have a lot of sports facilities, but we did not spend on education. We have a huge increase in the service sector, but we've destroyed our manufacturing sector. Nothing can be done now – the money was spent."
It is the recognition of the need for "an entirely new way, a properly participative way, of doing politics", and, in Alves's words, "a system that works for the good of all of the people, not just the profit of some", that is helping the growth of the region's Indignados movement. But there's a feeling, too, certainly in Spain, that it is not entirely the government's fault.
Darriba said: "In the north of Europe. I think people understand that if they don't pay their taxes then the health service, education, everything will suffer, for everyone. Here, I don't know. You see all this waste, this uselessness, and you think, why should I give my money to that? So here, you know, if you don't pay all your taxes, you're a clever guy. And I think there are a lot of clever guys in Spain."
A large explosion has struck a coal mine in northern Iran, trapping dozens of miners and killing at least two.
Ambulances, helicopters and other rescue vehicles raced to the scene in Iran's northern Golestan province as authorities worked to determine the scale of the emergency on Wednesday.
The IRNA news agency quoted Golestan provincial emergency management department head Sadeq Ali Moghadam as saying that 40 to 50 people are believed to be trapped in the mine outside of the town of Azadshahr.
Press TV, the English-language arm of Iranian state television, said two workers had died.
Provincial spokesman Ali Yazerloo said the blast happened at 12.45pm local time (9.15am irish-time) and that the provincial governor is heading to the scene.
Several officials blamed the explosion on accumulated gas and said it was affecting rescue efforts. Iranian news reports said the explosion happened while workers were changing shifts.
Semi-official Iranian news agencies posted pictures online from the scene, showing ambulances and emergency workers gathered at the mouth of the mine. Some images showed dazed workers, covered in coal dust, being helped by bystanders.
More than 500 workers are employed at the Zemestanyurt mine, which lies nine miles from Azadshahr, according to IRNA.
Golestan sits along Iran's northern border with Turkmenistan and along the shore of the Caspian Sea.
– AP
The white pickup truck roared up the street in Adams Morgan, sending a traffic sign into the air. Then came screeches and screams. A bicycle upended, its wheels spinning. A police officer face down and motionless on the pavement.
The Dodge Ram then slammed into a recycling truck, crumpling its front end. Two policemen and a Transportation Department officer had been struck by the pickup, police said, with one young officer suffering life-threatening injuries.
Bob Rogan, chief of staff to Rep. Peter Welch (D-Vt.), ran from a coffeehouse and reached the truck's dazed passenger as he climbed from the wreckage, a cut on his forehead. Rogan said the man told him that he and his friend had been to a club and smoked something.
“ ‘I told him not to do this,' ” Rogan recalled the passenger saying. “ ‘I told him to slow down, and he wouldn't slow down.' ” Rogan said the driver remained behind the wheel, swaying slightly and appearing disoriented.
D.C. police arrested the two men in the pickup, both from a rural county in Virginia 40 miles south of Richmond, as investigators tried to piece together what caused Thursday night's crash along the 2400 block of 18th Street NW, in the heart of one of the District's most vibrant and busiest nightlife areas. A police report says that in the pickup's back seat, investigators found a military-style weapon described as a Romarm Cugir rifle, the Romanian version of the AK-47. It was not clear why the men had the gun.
The scene in Adams Morgan on Thursday after two officers were struck. (Clarence Williams/The Washington Post)
Police identified the driver as Brandon Figures-Mormon, 22, of Disputanta, Va., who was charged with assault with intent to kill and illegal possession of a firearm. They said the passenger was Dwayne Nicholas Taylor, 23, of Prince George, Va.
Taylor was charged with possession of an unregistered firearm, but the District's Office of the Attorney General dropped it before Taylor's initial appearance Friday in D.C. Superior Court. A spokesman said only that the decision was “based on our review of the evidence.” Charges against Figures-Mormon remain.
D.C. police Chief Peter Newsham called the decision involving Taylor disappointing, adding that a “case involving three District employees deserves more consideration.” The chief said there is no evidence that the crash was the result of terrorism, but he said that authorities have not ruled out the possibility that the driver intentionally targeted police officers.
A man who answered the phone at Taylor's house identified himself as a relative but declined to talk. Relatives of Figures-Mormon could not be reached. He did not have a court appearance Friday.
Authorities said they are awaiting results of toxicology tests to determine whether either man was impaired. Court records show that in 2014, Figures-Mormon pleaded guilty to assault in Virginia — a charge that had been reduced from assaulting a police officer — and received a year-long suspended sentence. His social media accounts indicate an affinity with mysticism. He enlisted in the U.S. Marine Corps in 2012 but was discharged a year later because the “character of his service was incongruent with Marine Corps' expectations and standards.” A military spokesman declined to elaborate.
Meanwhile, police and residents were keeping a close eye on the injured. The Transportation Department officer was identified in a police report as Pamela Ann Johnson, 56, an eight-year veteran of the agency.
The report identifies one of the injured officers as Richard R. Duranne, who has been on the force for four years. He is married and has two children, ages 2 and 4. Duranne was in fair condition at a hospital Friday.
The most severely injured officer, Alen Bukvic, who is married, was at MedStar Washington Hospital Center Friday in critical but stable condition. “His prognosis is unclear at this time,” Newsham warned Friday afternoon. But later, after Newsham visited Bukvic, he said that although the officer could not speak, “he was able to communicate by way of writing, which I took as a very good sign.”
The officers are part of the police department's nightlife detail, which works exclusively in areas densely populated with bars, nightclubs and restaurants.
Newsham said the incident began a few minutes before 9 p.m. on 18th Street Northwest, just after Belmont Road. He said a northbound Metrobus stopped behind a car and began letting off passengers. Newsham said the pickup truck was several cars behind the bus.
Noticing a backup, the two bicycle officers and the Transportation Department control officer made their way to the bus. They stood in a wide median strip marked in yellow, a spot where officers frequently stand. One officer got off his bicycle and began directing traffic while the other officer remained on his bicycle.
Newsham said the pickup's driver veered out of the line and raced up the medium strip, striking the three workers. The truck, he said, “didn't appear to slow down.” The pickup then crashed into a recycling truck.
Newsham praised bystanders, the paramedic, fire crews and emergency room doctors. He made special mention of the Metrobus driver, who he said was seen on video running to the most severely injured victim to help before paramedics arrived.
“He was instrumental in saving our officer,” he is chief said.
Keith L. Alexander, Magda Jean-Louis and Paul Schwartzman contributed to this report.
The Story
Every type of coffee bean requires a specific way to extract the best flavors, depending on grind size, water temperature, pressure, water flow, ground weight, and more. However, today's machines brew every coffee bean in the same way; and that's JUST NOT RIGHT. So we created ARIST to give you the best flavors.
Traditionally, it's the job of a barista to accurately brew any given bean into a perfect cup of coffee, but inconsistency is always a huge problem due to human error. Arist is made to brew coffee in a specific, precise, and consistent way.
All of these processes sound complicated, but Arist has simplified everything into a simple machine with an easy-to-use smartphone app, so you can download recipes and brew coffee like the best baristas at just the tap of a button.
Thank you
Hi Everybody!
We have already surpassed triple our original target, all due to everyone's continuous support! THANKS! In this update, we will address some feedback we received in our comments, private messages, and email. Also we will announce our coming stretch goals!
Media
The Vision
When we created Arist, our vision was to craft a machine that was stylish, fun, interactive and amazingly simple to use. Most of all, we wanted to bring that perfect cup of coffee from across the world right into your home.
Arist is the first coffee maker that provides complete control over every single step in the brewing process, from adjusting the grind size to fine-tuning the pressure. This intricate precision allows Arist to recreate the fine craftsmanship you so enjoy from your favorite barista.
And thanks to its smart phone app, Arist knows you as well as your barista does! Like any good barista, it recalls your preferences and your particular drinking habits and can make tailored recommendations. Arist understands your desires. In fact, it can predict what coffee you want, and when!
At just the simple tap of a button on your smartphone, Arist can prepare a perfect cup, selecting from over 100,000 recipes.
Stretch Goals
We support
Just like your friendly neighborhood barista, Arist remembers your tastes, and makes sure you get the best cup of coffee.
With Arist, you get to brew your tailor-made coffee from the app.
Or brew a previously assigned default recipe with a push of a button on the machine.
Or simply just places your personal cup to start brewing, Arist's NFC technology will recognize it and brew your special drink.
Fine-tuning your drinks has never been so easy. You can adjust the finer points of your daily cup with a simple swipe of your finger. A little more? A little less? You can tweak at will.
Missing the beans in the recipe? You can purchase it in app from Arist Cafe.
Upon our discovery that every bean deserves a specific way to extract the best out of it, it no longer made sense to us to use a generic machine that brews every kind of bean with the same methods.
The following are two sample recipes from our database demonstrating how to best extract each bean.
Given that every type of bean requires a specific configuration of each brew step, Arist is designed to adjust each step in the brewing process to brew coffee based on your preferences and bring out the best of each bean.
About a week ago, Georgia Southern University's athletic department sent out an email detailing a couple of minute changes with one of the Eagles' alternate logos, and added this nugget of information in as well:
Also, please note the following from a branding standpoint: "The terms Georgia Southern University and Georgia Southern are University trademarks and their use should adhere to all standards of trademark use. Use of "GSU" is prohibited. Simply use "GS" on second reference if needed."
So it appears that athletic director Tom Kleinlein and company are as fed up with members of the media confusing the two schools as much as Eagle fans are, and the athletic department is doing everything they can to avoid the common error.
We may have come to the end of the "who is the real GSU?" debate, and what an asinine debate it was to begin with. I don't know if I share this opinion with many other fans or not, but I couldn't care less what acronym the program uses, as long as the person doing play-by-play during games doesn't refer to the team as Georgia State, and the Eagles keep on winning football games. Few things are more disheartening than hearing announcers screw up the name of the school at pivotal points in the game.
One would think that winning a Sun Belt championship in 2014 and the program's first ever bowl victory would clear up that confusion for various media outlets, but here we are.
After the trailer for the reboot was voted as one of the most disliked YouTube videos ever, McCarthy confessed that it didn't really convey the story properly.
In the wake of the Ghostbusters trailer being voted as one of the most disliked in YouTube history, one of the stars of the Sony reboot acknowledged the early promo clips were "very confusing."
As a guest on The Johnjay & Rich Show, Melissa McCarthy addressed the issues surrounding the trailer. "It's a reboot, not a remake. I know it's weird that they say [in the trailer] "30 years ago," but in this movie it's like the first one didn't happen," said the Spy star on what the new all-female interpretation of Ghostbusters really was.
She then outlined how the story was broadly the same in the reboot as the original. "It's a great story but told totally differently. It's the same thing of four unlikely heroes, it's in New York city, ghosts are taking over. It's the same classic story, but it's not a '30 years later,' " she said.
Asked if she thought it was confusing, McCarthy agreed and revealed that she had raised some questions about it. "Believe me, the question was asked. I think it's very confusing."
She added humorously: "But then everyone said, 'We don't care what you think.' "
Only 14 percent of those polled say the nation is headed in the right direction. 8 poll numbers: Disgust with D.C.
As the government shutdown continues and the nation veers closer to the debt ceiling deadline, new polls released this week reflect the current state of disgust with Washington. Here are some key data points:
1. Sixty percent of Americans believe a third party is needed - a record-high in the 10 years since the question has been asked. Gallup.
Story Continued Below
2. Just 26 percent of those surveyed think that the Democratic and Republican parties are doing an adequate job — a record-low level. Gallup.
3. Only 18 percent are satisfied with the way the nation is being governed, the lowest number since 1971. Gallup.
4. Support for both the Republican Party and the tea party are at all-time lows, 24 percent and 21 percent, respectively. NBC/Wall Street Journal.
( PHOTOS: 25 great shutdown quotes)
5. Only 14 percent of those polled say the nation is headed in the right direction, down 16 points since last month and hitting a level not seen since the 2008 financial crisis. NBC/Wall Street Journal.
6. Congress' job approval is at 11 percent, an eight point drop since September and only one point above the lowest number in Gallup's history of asking the question.
7. President Barack Obama and congressional leaders are seeing their approval ratings decline, according to Gallup. Obama and Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) have seen a net loss of 10 and 14 percentage points, respectively, in favorability since the shutdown started, while Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) also saw losses.
8. By a 22-point margin, Americans blame Republicans over Democrats for the shutdown. With 53 to 31 percent of the blame, Republicans are now facing a wider margin of blame than during the 1995 shutdown. NBC/Wall Street Journal.
With rising development costs, Nintendo's global president Satoru Iwata has expressed that the company will “actively cooperate with software developers to produce something new beyond the traditional licensing business.”
Within last week's Nintendo Direct, it was revealed that Nintendo and ATLUS have partnered to collaborate on a Shin Megami-Tensei and Fire Emblem crossover.
Similar collaborations with Nintendo have seen Namco Bandai working on the new Super Smash Bros., and the company teaming up with TT Games for LEGO City: Undercover.
“We announced a collaboration title of the ‘Shin Megami-Tensei (Japanese Title)' series and ‘Fire Emblem' series which ATLUS and we are cooperatively developing,” Iwata began.
“As the developing cost of games for home consoles has been high, it has been very difficult for third-party developers to take a risk by developing games only for one home video game console. We therefore have had various discussions with software developers for the projects.”
He continued, “Our in-house development team will create Nintendo-like unique games on our own and various games with the help of second-party development companies. However, this is not enough to have a large variety of games, and we have to do something to strengthen our lineup.
“Our efforts include the cooperative development of our IP games like the new ‘Super Smash Bros. (temp.)' which we are developing with Namco Bandai and collaboration titles like the one with ATLUS I mentioned before, ‘LEGO CITY: Undercover' which we are developing with Warner Bros. Entertainment and TT Games, and Ubisoft's ‘JUST DANCE' series which was a smash hit in the overseas markets and we localized for the Japanese market.
“We are willing to actively cooperate with software developers to produce something new beyond the traditional licensing business. We believe that this is possible because Nintendo is not only a platform holder but has a powerful in-house software development team.”
Related
Regular Switch readers know the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit as the court that is largely responsible for the patent crisis, due to its consistent bias in favor of patent owners and its enthusiasm for software patents. But the Federal Circuit's influence — and its pro-plaintiff tilt — extend much further. It has a large trademark docket because it hears appeals from the trademark side of the Patent and Trademark Office, and it sticks its fingers in copyright law with some regularity.
The Federal Circuit has done the most damage to design patent law. Unlike regular (or "utility") patents, which cover the useful aspects of inventions, design patents are intended to cover the purely "ornamental" features of products. For decades, design patent law was an intellectual property backwater: the PTO hands out 10 times more utility patents than design patents each year.
The nation's top patent court has been on a Frankenstein-like quest to reanimate design patent law, stitching together pieces of patent law, copyright law and even trademark law into an unnatural monster. In the past few years, and particularly in a 2008 case called Egyptian Goddess (not involving an actual goddess), the Federal Circuit has made it substantially harder for defendants to show that a design patent should never have been granted in the first place.
Its decision Thursday in a case called High Point Design v. Meljer shows how useless its few remaining tests are at screening out junk design patents.
The case involved the "Snoozies" style of fur-lined slippers. The plaintiff had a design patent on them, which should have meant two things: first, that the design wasn't "obvious" in light of previous fur-lined slippers, and second that the design really was ornamental rather than "functional." (Useful features are for regular patents, which are much harder to obtain; design patents are only supposed to cover the useless decorations.) Snoozies' owner sued the makers of "Fuzzy Babba" slippers, which are sold at Sears and Wal-Mart.
Even a moment's glance at the Snoozies design patent shows that someone was asleep on the job at the Patent Office when it was issued. In the words of Georgetown law professor Rebecca Tushnet, "I'm baffled by how anyone could look at that and see anything but a basic fur-lined slipper." The trial court also saw a basic fur-lined slipper, and invalidated the patent. But the Federal Circuit reversed and sent the patent back for another look.
A Snoozie, as depicted in the Federal Circuit's opinion.
The trial court found that the Snoozies fur-lined slipper design was obvious in light of an earlier fur-lined slipper, the Penta, which it described as "indistinguishable." The Federal Circuit threw out this reasoning, because the trial court failed "to translate the design of the '183 patent into a verbal description' " and did not provide "sufficient detail to its verbal description of the claimed design to evoke a visual image consonant with that design." Even though design patents are described using pictures, the Federal Circuit's obviousness test is literally blind; only detailed descriptions using words are acceptable.
A Penta, as depicted in the Federal Circuit's opinion.
The trial court's entirely sensible conclusion that the patent was invalid because the Snoozies' fur lining was "functional" fared no better. According to the Federal Circuit, it was a mistake to ask whether the design's "primary features" are functional; instead, the right question is whether the design is "primarily functional." This distinction makes no sense in the context of the case: There is literally nothing to the Snoozies design other than fur and a slipper.
The Federal Circuit doesn't generally see itself as a pro-patentee court. It thinks of itself as developing a rigorous and intellectually coherent body of law, which it applies even-handedly. But in the words of U.C. Irvine law professor Dan Burk, the result is a "clockwork lemon": a "a wonderfully intricate and very precise axiomatic framework" that "bears no relationship to the actual needs" of the industries it affects. Like its utility patent doctrines, the Federal Circuit's design patent doctrines systematically uphold patents that should never have been granted in the first place, giving trolls and titans the ability to extort settlements and muscle out the competition.
Its intellectual property decisions aren't all bad. In copyright, the court is responsible for important opinions making open source licenses enforceable and rejecting the misapplication of copyright law to garage door openers. But for every good decision, there is a howler. In 2010, the Federal Circuit reversed a lower court and held that a Postal Service stamp infringed sculptor Frank Gaylord's copyright in the Korean War Veterans Memorial. The stamp used a haunting photograph of the memorial in the snow, but the Federal Circuit ruled that the stamp wasn't a legal fair use because it had the same purpose as the memorial: "to honor veterans of the Korean War." Gaylord was awarded $685,000 in the case Friday.
The Supreme Court can, and regularly does, correct the Federal Circuit's mistakes. But the Supreme Court can't shine its light everywhere at once, and the Federal Circuit's design patent, trademark, and copyright case law have been festering in the darkness. Ultimately, only Congress can solve the problem by rolling back the Federal Circuit's jurisdiction and taking more intellectual property cases away from it.
James Grimmelmann is a professor of law and the director of the Intellectual Property Program at the University of Maryland.
Making a VR Prototype Means Not Being a Perfectionist
Elli Raynai Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 13, 2017
I once heard this saying that finishing a project is the most important part of the creative process. When we decided to undertake the task of making our VR project, Circuit Rider, I always had in mind that finishing would be the most important and essentially the hardest part.
Why is it so difficult to finish, isn't it just about stopping?
Well it comes down to what your goals are. From the very beginning we wanted to make Circuit Rider feel like a complete experience. We also wanted to release it on a platform like Steam or Oculus. The issue was that we were working with a tight deadline and that coupled with limited resources don't always yield the best overall results. There are always compromises that have to be made.
What we ultimately decided was that we were going to build a prototype, not a proof of concept or a demo. In addition, it would be a prototype that would show off the complete experience. I say this because we could have just made one aspect of it really polished, but then we wouldn't have been to be able to demonstrate the entire vision. However, what it took to get there were a lot of compromises and not being too precious about things. We also worked extremely hard on the script by refining the raw original concept and shaping it into something that we could achieve within the scope of all the various constraints that we had.
We started at the end of September and once we had the script nailed down, we had to capture all the assets and program all the interactions based on what was laid out in the script. At the beginning of January, with only a month to go, the entire team worked feverishly to get everything we need together. Then our programmer, Gabriela Kim Passos, dropped the bomb on me — we had to play test everything in parallel as we programmed. For those who have never play tested before, what it does is uncover all the flaws in the assumptions that you've made. This is great, but it also compounds the work that you need to do as well as the time you need to do it.
What I ultimately came to realize from this experience, especially when it got closer to the deadline, is that there was no way that I could get the game to look and feel exactly how I wanted it to. I had to let go and give in to the fact that it would get as close we could get it and that was good enough in order to finish and deliver on the goal that we had set out from the very beginning.
We have quite a few next steps to follow, but we plan on releasing the project in mid-April. Why mid-April, because we are not being precious about the prototype and just focusing on getting our VR experience out to the world. We are very proud of what we did and want to share it. Not everyone will appreciate it, but we hope they will learn something from it just like we did.
In the interim, here is a teaser trailer for Circuit Rider:
For more updates on our VR projects, sign up for our newsletter here
Thanks for hitting the 💙 if you enjoyed this article. This will tell me to write more of it!
An application that fulfils all your security requirements for your data that you want to remain personal: hierarchical authentication, storage, data transfer and more unique features.
A latex editor which can be called complete. When you use it to edit a simple file it shouldn't be field with actions for which preliminary knowledge is needed. For professionals, behind the intuitive interface there are all the necessary tools to develop an complex project, and more.
There are digital signatures which give users a way to authenticate that a document is signed by them. This kind of authentication has some deficiencies. The digital declaration is the next step from the digital signature and we inter to introduce it for the first time on the Mac, with more than standard security. With more than 17 years of experience in research contracts on information security we will provide from our experience just security and nothing else (professionals know what we intend to say).
There are many applications that save passwords but to store credentials and mange them in a manner that offers a simple and intuitive functionality with powerful tools, more than any other application offers you will only expect from this application.
Everyone has to have a little application which gives detailed information about every system component: processor, memory, network and others. Some users need tools to optimise RAM memory or their HDD drives, they need to free their HDD of unnecessary files which slows down their computer. Other users need power tools to monitor the processor state or others features of their Mac. Put all of those features together with a intuitive and simple to use interface for everyone and add features that a professional will enjoy using.
Projects To create an application means taking a user necessity, study an entire range of applications then develop an easy-to-use application that has an intuitive interface and solves that necessity. Behind that intuitive interface there is an entire set of powerful tools, complete for professionals. Easy and intuitive for beginners, complete for professionals
Entertainment When developing a application becomes tense, when we need new ideas, we relax. How? We create small applications that first of all amuse us.
iShop iShop, you shop, we shop. There is a birthday, and we are leaving in a holiday, or we are organising a event. Some of us are going shopping, to avoid purchasing the same products, to buy the products that have the best price/quality ratio you must use this application. It will sync all your actions and will keep a history for your future purchases. iDrunk Let's have fun with an app that tells us: "Go home, you're drunk!". From fun we develop applications that are serious and give as clues of what should we do and what we shouldn't do according to our power of reaction under the influence of "external factors".
iQTest It represent a different intelligence test, a one that can really tell us how intelligent we are not a strict measurement of the classical IQ, which has been demonstrated that is not the characterisation that can define our life. iJoke There has to be a moment in a day we fell the need to listen to electronic personality telling us jokes. This can bring a smile on our faces which can change our state of mind. Not all of us struggle with stress?
Lady's/Gentleman's guide Don't tell us that you went some where and you didn't forget a part of a protocol. We did. We want a extension of Siri that can tell us what to do. Don't forget, the way we do it, the tone in our voice belongs to us, it is the personality that defines the individual. Here that application should learn in time what to say. Minesweeper We know, it's classic. But if we think different in terms of use then we think it can be fun. While going to the roots everything can be done with a higher degree of feelings.
Those are a part of our ideas that we thought about them in our developing breaks, as we go along and think of new ideas we will share and develop them, when we take a break from developing applications.
Back in 1999, Manchester United were at the apex of their time under Sir Alex Ferguson. Though the Govan native would go on to win multiple Premier League titles and more, the turn of the century represented the Red Devils' most successful period, the 1998/99 campaign the best in their history.
They remained unbeaten in the English top flight from Boxing Day 1998 until the end of the league season, but with six games to go were knocked off of their perch. Top spot was regained with three matches left but with Arsenal breathing down their necks; it meant United had to beat Tottenham Hotpsur on the final day to ensure that the trophy would be heading back to Old Trafford after a year away.
Les Ferdinand's opener wasn't in the script but goals either side of half-time from David Beckham and Andy Cole, coupled with a scrappy, backs-against-the-wall performance, saw the hosts win the title in front of their own fans for the first time since the days of Sir Matt Busby.
A Dennis Bergkamp penalty miss away from being knocked out of the FA Cup at the semi-final stage, and three minutes from losing the Champions League final to Bayern Munich, were both fabulous moments that added to the sense of theatre at the business end of that season. Fergie's men nevertheless saw off each and every challenge to become the first English side to do the treble of Premier League, FA Cup and Champions League, a record they still hold to this day.
The names of Giggs, Sheringham, Solksjaer, Yorke, Cole, Beckham, Keane, Schmeichel et al, will be forever etched in United folklore. Not so their team-mate, Nick Culkin, a man who holds a record that none of his contemporaries will ever beat.
Culkin, a goalkeeper, had already been at the club for nigh on four years by the time the European Cup had been proudly held aloft at the Camp Nou on that balmy Spanish evening in May. Signed from York City as a 17-year-old in September 1995, he cost United £100,000, which was a significant investment at the time.
Ostensibly a youth-teamer and reserve player to begin with, he managed to work his way up to a position of third-choice goalkeeper with the first-team and did manage to get a half of football with them after two years of being at the club.
Read | Before the fame: David Beckham's formative years at Manchester United
Peter Schmeichel had already played the first 45 minutes against SK Brann during United's pre-season tour of Scandinavia at the start of the 1997/98 season, and Culkin continued the Dane's good work in keeping a clean sheet in the 4-0 victory.
His lack of playing time might well have caused a lesser mortal to cut his losses but Culkin was made of sterner stuff. He had to be. This was Manchester United after all. Any sign of weakness and the exit door was opened for you. To give up on a career at the Theatre of Dreams at that point would've spelt professional suicide, and after all, he was still just 19-years-old. If he were to bide his time, then surely the breaks would come.
Schmeichel's decision to move onto pastures new at the end of the treble-winning campaign would prove pivotal, despite the fact that Ferguson had signed Mark Bosnich from Aston Villa on a free transfer as his replacement.
The Australian had made three appearances for the club at the beginning of the decade before having his contract cancelled, and judging by how unfit he was at the start of the 1999/00 season, it's a wonder Ferguson didn't meter out the same punishment.
Unable to be considered in those early games, it unexpectedly gave Culkin a boost. For however long it might last, he would be reserve keeper to Raymond van der Gouw, a position previously held by the Dutchman when understudy to Schmeichel. After years of sitting around, waiting and wondering, he now had what he thought was a genuine chance at finally making his mark at United. Though it would need an injury to van der Gouw for Culkin to realise his dream, he had to look beyond any misfortune for his colleague.
Not long into the season – four games, in fact – he would get his wish.
United had already drawn at Everton on the opening day and then beaten both Sheffield Wednesday and Leeds at home before heading to Highbury to play an Arsenal side that had taken them all the way in the previous season and who hadn't lost at home since Boxing Day 1997. The game was billed as the ‘first ever interactive match' by Sky Sports, promising new camera angles and the like for those who were unable to attend in person.
Read | Roy Keane's head and Roy Keane's heart
Roy Keane and Patrick Vieira were in their pomp and though it wasn't the infamous game where Keane went after the Frenchman in the tunnel, there was more than enough fire and brimstone in this Molotov cocktail of an encounter to keep everyone happy. The old ground was packed to the rafters with 38,147 crammed in – a season's best attendance for the Gunners. The majority would have left disappointed with the result but not the fare served up on the day.
Freddie Ljungberg had given the hosts a half-time lead with his second goal for the club, his only other strike also coming against United in the previous campaign. Keane would equalise on 59 and an end-to-end encounter exploded into life five minutes from time when the fiery Irishman got involved with Vieira. Like rutting stags, both used their foreheads against the other whilst standing their ground.
Referee Graham Poll was quick to defuse the situation and the one that occurred immediately afterwards when the Frenchman also went head-to-head with Jaap Stam. He must've been in forgiving mood because no cards were shown, not even a yellow.
The north Londoners then fell behind with two minutes left. Who else but Keane, stroking the ball past an advancing Alex Manninger, sent half of the Clock End into rapture Coincidentally, Manninger was only on the pitch because first choice, David Seaman, was unavailable.
As the match ticked into its 94th minute, Stam was penalised for climbing all over Ray Parlour and Arsenal were handed an unlikely lifeline, one which would preserve their home record. With every player being urged forward by those behind the north bank goal which the Gunners were attacking, Dennis Bergkamp flighted a perfectly weighted free-kick into the area.
Matthew Upson rose highest and connected with a towering back post downward header. Van der Gouw managed to save it on his line but with only one hand on the ball as he fell backwards into the net. Just as he managed to get his other palm on it, Martin Keown came steaming in with a challenge that carried the force of a stampeding herd. Once the Arsenal defender's knee connected with van der Gouw's temple, it was clear that the Dutchman wouldn't be able to continue.
Pandemonium in the stands because of the late equaliser soon turned to disbelief as it became clear that Poll had disallowed the goal. Amidst the kerfuffle, Nick Culkin had been woken from his slumber on the bench because Fergie had been immediately made aware by his medical team that van der Gouw's day was over.
Four ambulance staff were needed to assist the two from United, and when the keeper was carried off on a stretcher, dazed and confused, the seriousness of the injury was immediately apparent. After four years, Nick Culkin's time had finally come.
Read | The making of Kasper Schmeichel: 15 games at Falkirk
TV footage from the game shows the number 31 nervously waiting to be called on. Without even a short warm-up or sprint down the line, the goalkeeper was being thrust into the spotlight for the biggest moment of his career and the clock had already registered 100 minutes before the free-kick could be taken.
Sprinting onto the pitch and waving his colleagues forward as he did so, Culkin no doubt expected that the time spent tending to van der Gouw would be added on, giving the Gunners the chance to grab their second.
After studding the turf a few times, Culkin placed the ball on the edge of the six-yard box. As the infringement had effectively happened inside the goal, play had to be restarted as though a goal-kick were being taken. He is leathered the ball expecting to find a teammate, however Poll's whistle would deny him even that.
As soon as Culkin made contact, full-time was signalled. A debut that has been recognised as a second long, was actually a fraction of that. The ball was still sailing on its upward trajectory when Poll brought proceedings to a close. In fact, it had taken less than two seconds from the start of his run-up to address the ball until contact was made, but the ball wasn't technically in play until Culkin had kicked it.
Hands aloft as he made as swift an exit off of the hallowed turf as he had when coming on seconds before, it's doubtful that anyone would've realised that this occasion would be the first and last time he'd turn out for United's first team – least of all Culkin himself.
Van der Gouw returned just three days later away against Coventry and played again five days after that in a 5-1 hammering of Newcastle. When Ferguson secured the services of Massimo Taibi by the time of the next Premier League fixture, on 11 September, the writing was on the wall.
With Bosnich, van der Gouw and now Taibi ahead of him in the pecking order, Culkin upped and left, signing for Queens Park Rangers, where he made 22 appearances in a three-year period before a long-standing knee injury forced him to retire at the ripe old age of 26. Spells at Radcliffe Bourough, Prescot Cables and FC United of Manchester peppered his retirement and he can now be found at the latter as goalkeeping coach and working as a gardener in the Manchester area.
Though his time at United had never panned out in the way he imagined when signing on that fateful September day in 1995, Culkin's is at least a Premier League career that will remain in the history books forever – which is more than can be said for many.
By Jason Pettigrove @jasonpettigrove
John McDonnell today ruled out trying to block any attempts to deselect Hilary Benn as a Labour MP.
According to the Sunday Times, the former Shadow Foreign Secretary is at risk of being unseated after supporters of Jeremy Corbyn won key roles in his local party in Leeds Central.
Shadow Chancellor Mr McDonnell said he could not get involved because the "Labour leadership doesn't involve itself in local selections".
Mr Benn was sacked by Mr Corbyn in June after he was accused of trying to arrange a coup against his leadership.
He ruled out a return to the frontbench following the Labour leader's re-election by becoming chairman of the Commons committee scrutinising Brexit.
At the recent annual general meeting the Leeds Central constituency party, Mr Benn's allies were "replaced with Corbyn supporters to a man or woman", according to a Facebook post by Stewart Dunbar, one of the successful candidates. The post has since been deleted.
Appearing on Radio 5Live's Pienaar's Politics, Mr McDonnell said: "Hilary is a friend of mine, he makes a major contribution to the party. We've said we're not in favour of mandatory reselection, but where there are, because of boundary changes, reselection, that is dealt with at the local level. Labour leadership doesn't involve itself in local selections. It's up to the local party - that's democracy.
"I think Hilary Benn has got a fantastic role to play, he's a friend of mine and I hope he continues to play a role in our party at whatever level. But we can't interfere in local democracy, we're a democratic party."
Instant justice. At least he had a trial. Only 3 weeks ago, a Muslim cleric in Yemen accused young girls who are victims of rape by full-grown men of being guilty of asking to be raped because of the provocative way they dress. Abdullah al-Adaini was met with widespread criticism after saying: “How many young girls have been raped due to the effects their clothing has had on the human animals [who rape them].” Hopefully this public execution of a 41-year old Yemeni man will send a strong message to the men in Yemen who find this disgusting and violent behavior against innocent young girls acceptable.
Yesterday, a man convicted of raping and murdering a three-year-old girl was executed in the Yemeni capital Sanaa in front of hundreds of onlookers, witnesses said.
A policeman fired five bullets from an assault rifle into Muhammad al-Maghrabi, 41, as he lay with his hands handcuffed behind his back on a blanket on the ground in Sanaa's Tahrir Square, after a judge read out the death sentence.
take our poll - story continues below
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story? Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story?
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story? * Yes, they've gotten so much wrong recently that they're bound to be on their best behavior. No, they suffer from a bad case of Trump Derangement Syndrome. Jussie who?
Email *
Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to 100PercentFedUp.com updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Trending: OSCARS 2019: A Hot Mess Of Leftist Politics and Activism On Display [Video]
The execution drew an unusually large number of onlookers — some perched up telegraph poles and many watching from rooftops — because of the young age of Rana al-Matari, the victim.
Security was tight amid fears of a revenge attack on Maghrabi by armed tribesmen related to his victim. The police truck transporting Maghrabi to the square was escorted by five police patrol vehicles.
Yahya al-Matari, the father of the girl, told reporters after the execution that he felt as if he had been reborn.
“This is the first day in my life,” he said. “I am relieved now.” –NYP
McDonald's store in Lower Manhattan. (Photo11: Spencer Platt, Getty Images)
February was an ice-cold month for McDonald's, with same-store sales dropping 4% in its troubled U.S. stores and 1.7% globally.
The burger giant announced the worse-than-expected results Monday, but its stock still posted a gain, closing up 0.6% to $97.71.
The monthly report will be the last to trace back to former CEO Don Thompson. He was replaced by Steve Easterbrook on March 1, and all sales reports going forward will technically fall under Easterbrook's leadership, who already is under tremendous pressure to quickly right the ship.
The company seemed to concede as much in its statement that went out with Monday's poor results. "Consumer needs and preferences have changed and McDonald's current performance reflects the urgent need to evolve with today's consumers, reset strategic priorities and restore business momentum," the company said.
Beyond the disappointing U.S. numbers for stores open at least 13 months, monthly sales for the Asia/Pacific, Middle East and Africa region were down 4.4%. The only ray of light was Europe, where sales were up 0.7%.
"While changes are in the works, we cannot identify a near-term catalyst to spur sales," says Sterne Agee analyst Lynne Collier in a note to investors.
The February results follow a strategic "Turnaround Summit" that executives held with franchisees last week in Las Vegas. The company made news at the summit by announcing plans to curtail the use of human antibiotics in its chicken over the next two years. At an investors' conference last week, McDonald's also said it planned to launch a mobile app this summer that may also be part of a loyalty program — a move the chain conceded some key fast-food rivals already have made.
One analyst says McDonald's is admitting that its troubles run long and deep.
"It's interesting that McDonald's had a 'Turnaround Summit' last week in an effort to address its U.S. sales decline. The focus for the fast-food chain will be on enhancing the restaurant experience, which it hopes will help curb the decline," says Joshua Raymond, chief market strategist at City Index UK. "The fact that the firm has openly stated this in their monthly sales statement and used the word 'turnaround' gives greater weighting to the issues they are facing."
One large investment group, which last month sent a letter to McDonald's directors calling for new membership and leadership of its board, said that beyond new management, McDonald's still needs to revamp its board.
"We are hopeful Easterbrook can reverse this trend, but believe new vision must be injected at the board-level, too, if McDonald's is to reposition itself to succeed globally and generationally," said Dieter Waizenegger, executive director of the CtW Investment Group, in a statement.
In its own statement, McDonald's spelled out its goal in no uncertain terms: "To be a true destination of choice around the world and reassert McDonald's as a modern, progressive burger company."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1BYLltf
One of the top engineers working on NASA's controversial EM Drive thruster at the Eagleworks Laboratory at the Johnson Space Center in Texas has spoken publicly about the current state of the project. This is the first direct update in months, as NASA is keeping a very tight lid on the developments.
The latest news regarding the EM Drive, which produces a thrust seemingly from nowhere, comes from Paul March, one of the principal investigators on the EM Drive, and was published on the NASA Spaceflight forum. The post is in reply to an unpublished paper that claims the unaccounted thrust is generated by the Lorentz force between the EM Drive and the Earth's magnetic field, something that March says his tests prove is not true.
“I will tell you that we first built and installed a 2nd generation, closed face magnetic damper that reduced the stray magnetic fields in the vacuum chamber by at least an order of magnitude and any Lorentz force interactions it could produce,” commented March in the post on October 28. “And yet the anomalous thrust signals remain...” he added.
March also claims that in the latest developments, thermal expansion of the thruster is taken into account to reduce all possible sources of error. But the anomalous thrust is still being observed, indicating a yet unexplained cause for it.
Once the tests at the Eagleworks Laboratory are complete, they will be subjected to independent verification and validation at the Glenn Research Centre, at the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory, and at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory.
The EM Drive thruster is a hypothetical thruster that uses no fuel. It uses a magnetron, a high-powered vacuum tube where the interaction between a magnetic field and electrons generates microwaves. The magnetron sends the microwaves into a truncated cone, hitting the short end and, according to the proponents of this technology, generating thrust.
The EM Drive is controversial because it violates Newton's conservation of momentum laws. The EM Drive doesn't apply any known force on the smaller end of its cone, so the thruster should not move.
The supposed thrust is small, on the order of the micronewton (the weight of a mosquito on Earth), so unaccounted phenomena could be mimicking thrust. Such a small force might not seem useful for space travel, but it would be significant when scaled up in a spacecraft. If the EM Drive becomes a reality, some say it could be used to reach the edge of the Solar System in months not decades.
The 2017 Africa Cup of Nations has reached its knockout stage. Cameroon is in the quarterfinals and readying to take on Senegal.
Reporting for Ugandan outlet New Vision, Fred Kaweesi caught up with Ambroise Oyongo, the Indomitable Lions' indomitable full back. He plays for Montreal Impact now, but Oyongo told Kaweesi of a deep and abiding relationship he had formed while at the New York Red Bulls, one that he credits for his development from highly-rated prospect to seasoned MLS starter and near-permanent member of his national team's starting lineup:
Sekagya is why I am playing at the Nations Cup.
Ibrahim Sekagya is one of Uganda's all-time greats. Respect for Sekagya's achievements and ability extends beyond his home country, but it is still a little surprising to find a Lion of Cameroon crediting a retired Ugandan Crane for his success.
Oyongo and Sekagya, however, played together for the New York Red Bulls in 2014. They were at different ends of their careers. The Cameroonian was in his rookie season in MLS, breaking into RBNY's first team over the course of the year, finishing 2014 as one of the more obvious success stories of a helter-skelter campaign that saw the Red Bulls struggle for much of the regular season before a late surge in form propelled the team to the Eastern Conference final in the playoffs.
Sekagya joined RBNY from Red Bull Salzburg mid-way through 2013. In 2014, he was a regular starter, but he retired at the end of the season and accepted a position as assistant coach with New York Red Bulls II. For Oyongo, Sekagya retired too soon:
He was still capable of playing at the highest level. For me, I still rate him as one of the best defenders in Africa.
But Sekagya made his choice, and the early returns from his coaching career are encouraging: the NYRB II team he helps run enjoyed one of the best seasons in USL history in 2016.
And one of the potential stars of this year's Africa Cup of Nations credits Sekagya with his success to date. For Oyongo, a year in Sekagya's company had a profound and lasting impact on his career:
I call him my father. He is a father to me. He is everything to me. He was such a wonderful player. Very intelligent and I learned so much from him.
It is now Sekagya's job to help form the next generation of New York Red Bulls, guiding the club's reserves toward contracts and careers with the first team. He is just entering his third season as assistant coach for NYRB II, still more or less learning his trade - but Oyongo's praise and the II team's performance in 2016 suggests perhaps Sekagya's coaching might be destined for as much respect as his playing career attracted.
I can't see them going extinct in my lifetime. If anything, I could see the number of libraries shrinking a bit over time. I think libraries will continue to exist for many years to come for several reasons.
1) Apps and programs like Overdrive show a willingness from libraries to invest energy and time into technology that satisfies instant gratification the way Audible and Kindle do. Granted, Overdrive isn't quite as instant as Audible and Kindle. You sometimes have to wait for audiobooks and ebooks on Overdrive, but it still does provide a free, quick, and seamless way for people to get their electronic book fix.
2) In many communities, libraries serve functions far beyond lending books to people. Many are kid-friendly and act as a meeting place for parents to bring their young children. Kids can play and browse books and parents don't have to feel the same pressures they might feel in a store that isn't kid-friendly.
3) People who can't afford computers or wifi are able to use their computers to blog, check emails, create a LinkedIn account, use Quora, etc.
4) My local library offers book talks, entrepreneur meetups, movie showings, and yoga classes. Most of these events are well attended from what I've seen. Again, my library is serving a community need that goes beyond book lending.
5) We live in an age where people still enjoy the act of browsing books in a physical space. I use Audible and Kindle, but I still read physical books all the time. I appreciate the utility of being able to buy something I want in an instant, but I love a lazy Sunday afternoon when I can walk to my library, talk to the staff, pick their brain for recommendations, and browse books with zero pressure to buy.
6) We must remember that not everyone can afford to own/wants to own/owns a computer or device to read ebooks on. Also, many people cannot afford the luxury of amassing a large personal library. The fact that anyone can check out a book and read it for free is an amazing thing. As a society we must continue to offer ways for people to read for free. We already have an amazing system for doing so with our local libraries.
7) The idea of technology disrupting physical items into extinction is over-hyped. I've seen this with cassettes, vinyl, and VHS before. New technologies are introduced that are supposed to eradicate old ones, but nostalgia and emotional connection to physical items are both powerful driving forces. As I stated before, I think libraries shrinking in number due to new technology is a valid idea. I just can't see Audible and Kindle leading to their total destruction.
8. People love curation. There are some many books these days, especially with the book in self-publishing. The sheer volume of choices can be suffocating. Sure, we have Amazon, Goodreads, and so on, but I do think people still enjoying going to a space where they can have human interaction and talk to an actual person about book recommendations. This is why some indie bookstores have managed to stay successful despite all the radical changes in the book industry. Libraries offer an accepting, inviting place to find new recommended reads.
The decision to self-bind is made during calmer moments when addicts are not in withdrawal or experiencing strong desire to use. And addicts have many of these moments; as a rule, they do not spend all their time nodding out or in a frenzy to obtain more drugs.
No one would choose the misery that comes with excessive use. “I've never come across a single person that was addicted that wanted to be addicted,” says neuroscientist Nora Volkow, director of the National Institute on Drug Abuse and an enthusiastic booster of the brain-driven model of addiction. It is true, drug users don't choose to become addicted any more than consumers of high calorie foods choose to become overweight. But addiction and poundage is not what they are choosing: what they seek is momentary gratification or relief—a decision that is rational in the short-term but irrational in the long-term.
A typical trajectory goes something like this. In the early phase of addiction, using drugs and alcohol can simply be fun; or it can be a form of self-medication that quells persistent self-loathing, anxiety, alienation, and loneliness. Meanwhile once-rewarding activities, such as relationships, work, or family, decline in value. The attraction of the drug starts to fade as the troubles accrue—but the drug retains its allure because it blunts mental pain, suppresses withdrawal symptoms, and douses craving.
Eventually, addicts find themselves torn between reasons to use and reasons not to. Sometimes a spasm of self-reproach (“this is not who I am;” “I'm hurting my family,” “my reputation is at risk”) tips the balance toward quitting. Novelist and junkie William S. Burroughs calls this the “naked lunch” experience, “a frozen moment when everyone sees what is on the end of every fork.”
In short, every addict has reasons to begin using, reasons to continue, and reasons to quit. To act on a reason is to choose. To make good choices requires the presence of meaningful alternatives. And making a series of good choices leads to achievements—jobs, relationships, reputations. These give a person something meaningful to lose, another reason in itself to steer away from bad choices.
In his book, Hart uses his own story to breathe life into what may sound like a sterile lesson in behavioral economics. He grew up in the 70's in the benighted Carol City in south Florida, facing poverty, racism, domestic violence, bad schools, guns, and drugs. Hart himself stole and used drugs (though he was never addicted) and peddled marijuana. Yet he ended up thriving due to the many alternatives to drugs in his life. He calls these “competing reinforcers”—high school sports, educational opportunities, and mentors. Hart wants all young people raised in despairing circumstances to have those too.
Combating social ills on such a grand stage may be a pipe dream. But, in the realm of recovery from alcohol and drugs, the principle of competing reinforcers has been scaled down to size and is being replicated across the country. Take HOPE (Hawaii Opportunity for Probation Enforcement), a jail diversion program in which addict-offenders are subject to short periods of detention if they fail drug tests., but receive a clean corrections record if they complete the year-long program. One year after enrollment, HOPE participants were 55 percent less likely to be arrested for a new crime and 53 percent less likely to have had their probation revoked than those in a control group.
What happened when I asked the internet to draw pirates
Hayden Aube Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 2, 2016
I've been focusing a lot on story recently—specifically as it relates to illustration. More and more I notice that my own work, as well as much of the work I see online is all form and no function. Or in other words, nothing more than pretty pictures.
Now there is nothing wrong with great visuals (of course). Some work is all about the visual appeal and that's totally cool. You could call it art for art's sake. But when we look at illustration used in a design setting, it has a job. Be it selling a product, delivering a message or telling a story, using illustration in this context is about more than looking good.
So I got to thinking; “How can I make my illustrations better at their job?” Or put another way, “How can I make not just pretty pictures but interesting ones?” After looking at the work of many concept artists, a profession that definitely embodies drawing with a purpose, I had a thought.
If I put more work in before I started drawing I believed I would get better results. Let's say I'm hired to draw an owl. Sure, I could look up pictures of owls, read their Wikipedia page and draw up something that looks nice. But if I made some decisions about whom this owl was before I drew it, would that make for a more interesting character? What if I gave it a personality? What if I decided how old it was? What if I gave it likes, dislikes, fears, dreams, etc.? Even if the brief didn't require it, would it make sense to add some backstory? And that's where the pirate test came in.
The Experiment
I created a pretty simple experiment. People would draw two pirates at 5 minutes each. Their first brief would be pretty straight forward—draw a pirate. The second brief was just as the first but they had to read some backstory on the pirate they were drawing. This is what it said:
The pirate's name is Edgar Bushybrows. He has been stranded on a tropical island for the past 2 years after a hole in his boat gave him no choice but to find the nearest piece of land. It's easy to assume that years on an island has made Bushybrows' brows much bushier. He has no surviving crew, no change of clothes (ew) and only enough food to make it through the first few days. But that hasn't stopped him from putting on a few pounds due to his new-found love of coconuts.
Edgar spends most of his days on the island making sand castles, racing crabs and trying to catch fish — only to settle for more coconuts when he realizes how poor a fisherman he is. Life on the island has really mellowed Edgar out. He is a lot more peaceful than he was in his previous life of pillaging and plundering. While he feels that he should be trying to get off the island by building a raft or something, he's in no hurry.
I'll admit that this isn't the most scientific experiment ever conducted, but that's okay. I figured it would be fun to do, fun to review and that by comparing the first and second drawings we could get some interesting results. Here are my observations.
Observation #1: Scenes
The brief never changed—draw a pirate. I said nothing of environments but that didn't stop many people from adding one in for the second drawing. Just mentioning that our second pirate was on an island caused many of the artists to include it in their sketch. If our goal is to make a drawing that is more interesting I see this as a big win. Because I'm sure you'll agree, a character that lives within an environment is much more interesting than one that floats in space.
Even though the brief was to create a character, that isn't all we got.
A great example of how context can take a pirate from standing in place to on the beach building a sandcastle.
We get so much more in the second drawing than a character—we get a story.
Observation #2: Objects and Symbols
Once we have more information about the pirate—that he's calm, likes to race crabs, eat coconuts, etc.—we see those elements show up in the drawing. And what's cool is that they take many forms. We see heart-shaped eye-patches, sand castles, fishing rods, crabs—even some coconut underwear. These are the kinds of things that will have the viewer asking questions. And I'd argue that if the viewer is curious, you've done a fine job.
It's the subtleties like the heart shaped eye patch that really sell the character here.
A coconut in hand and a crab on the belly make the character that much more interesting.
A fantastic example of how a traditional pirate drawing has been altered to fit the characteristics of our second brief.
Observation #3: Posture
When I asked our artists to draw a pirate most of what I got was one just standing still. But add a bit of story to the character and suddenly he is sitting on the beach, gathering wood, fishing, building a sand castle and chasing crabs. Just as a character hanging out in empty space is less interesting than one in an environment, a character who is doing something is far more interesting than one who is standing still. Again, I did not ask for this but people subconsciously drew their pirates this way just from the context that was provided. Again, I'd call that a win.
The two characters visually look quite similar yet you can tell so much more about the second one's personality.
This artist took the jump from a portrait shot to an entire scene.
The pose says it all here.
Observation #4: Breaking the Mold
To me this is the most important point. When we think of a pirate we think of some very specific things; eye-patch, peg leg, parrot on the shoulder, angry, etc. In the first drawing, that's almost entirely what we got. But, once we learn more about the character, we see some deviation. Now our pirate isn't just angry—he's happy, sad, relaxed, etc. He doesn't fit one physique but gains weight in some cases and looses it in others. Rather than having a parrot, one pirate is a parrot. People like unique and the generic pirate isn't. Give him more personality however and he gets there.
On the left we have what we would expect from a pirate and on the right what we wouldn't.
While the second drawing still definitely reads pirate, the subtle changes from the first give him more character.
This artist gave us two great examples of different directions you can take with a pirate.
Takeaways
If our goal is to create an illustration that engages people, we want to serve them up something different. We all have similar ideas of what a pirate, wizard, knight, etc. looks like. And chances are that unless we put some thought into our illustration beforehand, the generic interpretation is how it will turn out. So, let's add some story to the mix. Regardless of whether any one ever learns that the character you've drawn likes pickles, if that decision makes you drawing more interesting, you should make it. And what I've discovered since putting this into practice is drawing this way is a lot more fun.
I want to thank everyone who participated in the experiment. I had such a great time looking through your drawings and I hope that this information is as helpful for you as it is for me. For the curious, all of the submissions can be seen here.
If you have any thoughts, questions, etc. please include them in the comments section. Thank you :)
With wedding season in full swing I have been seeing a lot of blogs pop up about “unplugged weddings”. Here is one from the Off Beat Bride and another popular post from Ohio photographer Corey Ann (who I know through social media and mutual friends and is a great photographer and we generally agree on everything industry related – except this.) Corey's post was picked up by the Huffington Post and many others and has been making the rounds in the photographer circles for a while now. A great article and worth a read, however, I disagree with it 100%. Every time I see a post about how great it would be to be at an “unplugged wedding” I cringe. Great for whom?! The photographer? I guess. Certainly not the guest that wishes they could be instagramming your big day!
This is 2013. Technology is everywhere. It makes things easier, we can't live without it and we all love to take photos and share them. The thing that irks me the most about most of these articles, is that it makes it sound like the professional photographer (such as myself) cannot function or capture images from your wedding, or the images will not be as good, if guests are allowed to use cameras and cell phones. Some photographers even put in clauses in their contracts saying “guest may not take photos” or something to that effect. Whenever I do anything for my business, I first look at it from a consumer point of view. How is the customer experience, how would I feel if this happened to me, etc. When talking unplugged weddings, as a client, I'd be annoyed if anyone tried to tell me I couldn't snap some photos on my phone at a friend or family members wedding. Even more so if the photographer – who as much as we like to think we are so very important, the fact is we are simply a vendor at the event – told me to move out of the way or to stop taking photos. I could NEVER imagine telling someone to do that. Ever.
It is our job as photographers to get the image no matter what. Someone steps in our way? Move.
Flash from a camera messing up your photo, well, that's why my camera shoots 8 frames a second. I'll have 7 other images to choose from – like this one where the audience flash made the photo look even better – and chances are, my flashes will screw up their images more than the other way around. I feel bad about that! During the ceremony, for the most part, the guests can't move. I can. I can find another angle, I can move to the right or left I can kneel down or stand high, I have many options at my disposal to capture the images I am being paid (a lot of money) to capture. That is my job. It is my job as a photojournalist to read body language and know when someone is going to step in front of me. It is my job to know where the “action” is. It is my job to capture every moment as it happens and I don't mind one bit if 100 other people are doing the same.
The guests are there to have fun and to celebrate the couple. They are there to live in the moment. In this day in age, living in the moment includes capturing every second with images and video clips with smart phones and ipads. I have zero problem with this. In fact, I encourage it. Embrace it. It's not changing. Be creative with it! I have seen couples lately instead of asking guests to put the phones away, annoucing to everyone to please take photos and use hashtags on Instagram to share throughout the day. I LOVED it. I even shot a bunch of instagrams of the bride and groom with my iphone to add to the feed. Many ended up in the album. As a photographer, it even challenges me to be more creative. Heck now 100 people are using camera phones to capture every minute of the day, I better be able to make better iphone and regular images than they do. I'm the pro! Sometimes they give me great ideas or things to try or things I'd never even think of doing. Sometimes the guest images are better than mine and that's ok! I love that they are getting people involved in creative ways and that everyone is having a great time doing it. I have seen cell phone charging stations setup at weddings. What a great idea so people don't run out of juice! The list goes on and on.
Another thing I saw this week, that I absolutely love, is a company called Switchcam. They have a free app which allows your guests to upload video clips they have shot at your wedding and it creates an edited video clip of your day. Now, this in no way replaces a professional videographer, but is a very innovative way to see your wedding from the eyes of your guests. Check them out. Yet another great way to get your guests involved in your day. So I say, plug in your wedding and don't worry about people watching you through a little LCD screen. They are having just as much fun (and probably more) documenting the memory as they would if they didn't have a phone in hand.
Coming into the 2014 IBA Fall season playoffs, the Kenosha Ballers (8-4) were confident they could beat anyone. Despite losing both regular season matchups with their opponent, St.Louis Trotters, the two games were extremely competitive. St. Louis were 134-126 winners at home on November 1 before winning a thriller, 143-142 in Kenosha on November 23.
Revenge (and a berth to the championship game) was on the minds of the Ballers, who stunned St. Louis 132-123 to earn a shot for their first IBA championship. Kenosha and long-time head coach Tony Moore will face the winner of Schenectady Legends (11-0) and Kankakee County Ballers (5-6) on Sunday in the final.
The IBA championship will audio stream live from the KVPD RecCenter via Arena Sports Net. Fans can listen at: youtu.be/AzeA5XYw8Fo
Advertisements
Share this: Tweet
Pocket
More
Email
Print
Like this: Like Loading... Related
Posted on 13th February 2017 | Freek Van der Herten
In this post I'd like to share some of the packages that make developing a Laravel app easier.
This package really needs no introduction as it is one of the most popular packages around. It's made by Barry Vd. Heuvel and it's a real powerhouse. Once the package is installed it displays a debugbar in your browser that shows a lot of useful info such as the executed queries, which views are used, which controller built up the page, and much much more.
https://github.com/barryvdh/laravel-debugbar
This package, also made by Barry, can generate some files that help an IDE provide improved autocompletion. Using this package PHPStorm can autocomplete methods on facades, classes resolved out of the container and model properties.
https://github.com/barryvdh/laravel-ide-helper
Those who are already using Laravel for quite some times know that Laravel 4 provided an artisan command to tail the Laravel default log. Unfortunately in Laravel 5 that command was axed. This package brings it back.
With the package installed you can just run php artisan tail to tail the log.
https://github.com/spatie/laravel-tail
Laravel 5.3 introduced mailables. A mailable is a class that takes care of everything regarding sending a mail.
One of the things that is not so easy to in a vanilla Laravel app is testing such a mail. In order to for example let your app send an order confirmation mail you have to go through the entire checkout process. The laravel-mailable-test package can make the mailable testing process a lot easier. It provides an artisan command that can send a mailable to a specific mail address.
The package will provide a value for any typehinted argument of the constructor of the mailable. If an argument is a int, string or bool the package will generated a value using Faker. Any argument that typehints an Eloquent model will receive the first record of that model.
If you want to learn more, read this introductory blog post about it.
https://github.com/spatie/laravel-mailable-test
Made by Mohamed Said, this package can help you test a flow where mail is involved. Instead of sending the actual mail that package will save the mail to the filesystem. In the browser it will display a little notice that a mail was sent. Clicking on the link in that notice will display the saved mail right in your browser.
Here's a short movie clip that shows how it can be used to test a password reset.
https://github.com/themsaid/laravel-mail-preview
In my projects I have never run a down migration. So I don't bother with coding up the down steps. And without those down steps running Laravel's migrate:refresh will result in errors. If you think skipping writing down steps is lazy, read this comment Adam Wathan made on Reddit.
The laravel-migrate-fresh package provides an artisan command that can knock out all your tables without using down steps of a migration.
https://github.com/spatie/laravel-migrate-fresh
Do you know some other indispensable package that makes developing a Laravel app easier? Let me know in the comments below.
Two lab pathologists, a geriatrician and a community dentist were among the top 15 salary earners at Alberta Health Services last year.
Dr. Verna Yiu, now the health board's president, was the top earner last year when she was a vice-president seconded from the University of Alberta. Yiu earned $568,321 in base salary last year. She became AHS president last month after moving to the interim role in January.
Vicki Kaminski, the former AHS president and CEO, placed second with a salary of $537,999. Dr. Kevin Worry, director of the North Zone of AHS, had the third-highest base salary of $483,520.
Dr. Peter Craighead, a medical oncologist, placed fourth with earnings of $457,593.
Craighead was a zone clinical department head and academic head for oncology until September 2015. He continues his practice as a radiation oncologist.
Antonietta Paladino, the community dentist, earned a base salary of $410,204 in 2015, placing her 13th on the list. Roland Ikuta, Royal College Geriatrician, placed 10th, earning $457,593.
Lab pathologists Mirielle Kattar and Safwat Girgis earned $475,723 and $418,247 respectively.
Under the government's new disclosure rules, agencies, boards and commissions must reveal salaries of people making more than $125,000 a year by June 30. This is the first time many of these salaries have come to light.
Other high earners in the top 15 include 2 vice-presidents/medical directors, another zone medical director, and the associate chief medical officer.
Physicians on this list are compensated by salary. Lists for doctors who are paid by fee for service will be revealed at a later date. They won't be on the June 30th sunshine list because details on how to report them are still being worked out between the health and justice ministries.
Several more people in the top 15 are listed as physicians. They are medical oncologists working for AHS.
The salary disclosure list also reveals compensation for 10 vice-presidents. Dr. David Mador, vice-president and medical director, was the top earner of the vice-presidents behind Yiu, with a salary of $454,134.
The 10 vice-presidents earned a total of $3,656,903 in salary last year.
A federal judge has hit the brakes on a nuclear renaissance, ruling that U.S. Department of Energy officials violated environmental laws when they re-launched a program to mine uranium and produce yellowcake fuel in Colorado.
U.S. District Judge William Martinez ordered DOE officials to stop approving exploration, mining and all other activities on 31 sites leased to uranium companies. The ruling affects about 25,000 acres southwest of Grand Junction along the Dolores and San Miguel rivers.
A 53-page opinion filed late Tuesday said the DOE “acted arbitrarily and capriciously in failing to analyze site-specific impacts” on people and the environment — especially given the history of uranium mining in the region.
Martinez also found DOE officials violated the Endangered Species Act by failing to consult with U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service biologists about the impact of leasing uranium lands.
The decision means federal overseers of the nation's push to develop fuel for nuclear energy must proceed far more carefully and conduct a detailed analysis — with full public participation — of the likely effects that renewed uranium mining and milling would have on air, land, water and people.
Extraction of uranium over 60 years left Colorado and other Western states pocked with toxic scars, tainted water and legal obligations to former workers and survivors.
A Government Accountability Office study found the U.S government approved 5,777 radiation-exposure claims by uranium workers, mostly miners, between 1992 and 2007 and paid $577 million in settlements. There were 2,970 claims denied.
While world market prices for uranium have remained low, a Canadian company's proposal to build the nation's first new uranium mill since the Cold War in southwestern Colorado has kindled interest in renewed production of uranium fuel for nuclear power plants.
State health regulators this year issued a final permit, which local residents are challenging in court. The mill proposal led to several companies expressing interest in mining uranium.
DOE officials responded by reconfiguring lease tracts in 2007, then issuing leases for 31 tracts in 2008 to six companies — Cotter Corp., Golden Eagle Uranium, Energy Fuels Resources, Gold Eagle Mining, U.S. Uranium Corp. and Zenith Minerals.
The DOE has estimated 13.5 million pounds of uranium ore could be extracted and began approving exploration plans on five lease tracts in 2009.
“We've been saying, since 2006, that these environmental studies need to be done before the Department of Energy acts to re-invigorate uranium mining and milling in western Colorado. Now a federal judge's order is in place,” said attorney Travis Stills of the Durango-based Energy Minerals Law Center, who argued the case for the Colorado Environmental Coalition and other local and national groups. “Now, maybe we'll finally get protections for the Dolores River Basin and the people who live in the region.”
DOE officials have argued they were planning to do a thorough environmental study once they knew more about specific proposed mines.
It is unclear whether the agency will appeal the judge's decision, said Laura Kilpatrick, manager of the DOE Office of Legacy Management's uranium leasing program.
Kilpatrick said she could not comment on the ruling because “it is a pending litigation. There are such things as appeals.”
She said DOE officials did not cut corners on environmental requirements.
“There's not a soul who thought they did not do everything that was required,” she said.
DOE officials embarked on a full environmental-impact study in July that will involve ecologists, engineers and others, she said. It probably will take about two years to complete.
“We're obviously going to continue with what we are doing with the uranium leasing programs,” with the environmental study in progress, she said. “To my knowledge, nothing has changed at all.”
Bruce Finley: 303-954-1700 or bfinley@denverpost.com
Tennessee redshirt sophomore running back Alvin Kamara became the Vols' first newcomer to have his black helmet stripe removed earlier this week, coach Butch Jones told GoVols247 on Saturday.
Jones said Kamara, a former five-star prospect from Hutchinson (Kan.) Community College, had the stripe removed following Tennessee's first preseason practice Tuesday night.
Kamara's peers at the running-back position, including sophomore starter Jalen Hurd, voted to remove Kamara's stripe, Jones said.
"It's not the big brothers (choosing to remove players' stripes) anymore," Jones told GoVols247 following Tennessee's first practice in full pads Saturday afternoon at Haslam Field. "It's the position group —Â the power of the position —Â and, yes, Alvin Kamara was the first one to have his stripe removed.”
The 5-foot-11, 210-pound Kamara, who redshirted at Alabama in 2013 before transferring to Hutchinson last year, has impressed his teammates with his "skill set," along with "his workmanlike approach, his consistency (and) his positive attitude."
Since Jones' first camp at Tennessee in 2013, the Vols have added black stripes to all first-year players' helmets before the start of preseason practice, challenging the newcomers to earn the right to have the stripes removed with their on-field performance and off-field work ethic.
Jones said Kamara still is the only player whose helmet stripe has been removed.
Kamara also received "30-some-odd votes" to be a member of Tennessee's player staff, Jones said, and he already has emerged as "one of our team leaders."
“It wasn't my choice. It was his peers, which makes it great," Jones said of Kamara having his stripe removed.
"I think it was a great choice."
For more news on Tennessee sports and recruiting, follow GoVols247 on Twitter.
Whether Tony Stewart had enough time to react to seeing Kevin Ward Jr. on the racetrack and whether he tried to scare the 20-year-old driver could be the key issues if a wrongful death lawsuit filed by Ward's parents gets to trial.
Stewart filed a motion Tuesday asking a federal judge to dismiss many of the claims brought by Ward's parents. As part of the more than 300 pages of documents filed, depositions show the sides with opposing views on Stewart's actions and his motivations.
Ward was killed when Stewart's car struck him during the Aug. 9, 2014, Empire Super Sprints race at Canandaigua (New York) Motorsports Park. The three-time NASCAR Cup champion was not charged, and Ward's toxicology report shows he had marijuana in his system when he got out of his car and approached Stewart's car on foot. Tony Stewart has asked a federal judge to dismiss many of the claims brought by the parents of Kevin Ward Jr., who have filed a wrongful death suit against the driver. Sean Gardner/NASCAR/Getty Images
Only parts of depositions were filed as exhibits to the motion. Stewart, in his deposition, stated he didn't know who it was on the track.
"It was a split second from the time that I saw a person until I got to the person. ... I attempted to change direction," he said.
The Ward family believes Stewart tried to scare Ward, who apparently was angry after wrecking while battling Stewart for position.
"In my opinion he said, 'There is Kevin Ward, the little whatever, I'm going to scare him a little bit,'" Ward's father, Kevin, said in a deposition. "[He] went up -- intentionally wanted to scare him, throw dirt at him, whatever by hitting the throttle and he just totally totally misjudged it."
Both of Ward's parents mentioned that their son was a friend of Stewart's ex-girlfriend, Jessica Zemken, who also was competing in the race.
"Jessica was right behind him and Kevin was right in front of him and that would be a good opportunity to show them both up," Pamela Ward said in her deposition.
A crash reconstruction report by Scientific Expert Analysis, done for Stewart, stated that Stewart had at most 1.4 seconds to react to seeing Ward on the track, and that "Stewart simply did not have enough time to react to Mr. Ward's unpredictable actions and successfully avoid hitting him."
Ward was hit by Stewart's right rear tire. Stewart's car was going approximately 40-42 mph at the time and his experts say he did not swerve to hit Ward.
"Had Mr. Stewart maneuvered his car to go up track, Mr. Ward would have been contacted by the front right wheel or front of the right rear tire guard," according to the SEA report.
The Ontario County Sheriff's Office report on Ward's death, public now for the first time, stated that Stewart was distraught after the accident. According to the officer's report: "He saw Ward running down the racetrack pointing at the #45 car and nearly stepping in front of that car. Stewart then told me that he lost sight of Ward for a moment as he continued through the turn. Then he saw Ward pointing at his car and Ward stepped in front of Stewart's car. Stewart attempted to swerve, then Stewart said he felt the right rear tire of his car hit Ward."
The backstretch corner worker, Brian Ennis, who was 50-75 feet from the incident, told investigators in a signed statement after the accident that "Tony tried to avoid him but Kevin ran into the side of his car. ... I don't know if Kevin couldn't stop because of momentum but he just didn't stop, he just walked right into the car; at that moment the thought went through my mind that I just watched somebody commit suicide."
Ennis, in his deposition, said even if Ward had tried to stop, he might not have been able to stop quickly on the dirt surface while wearing racing shoes.
"The hands were coming up as though he was trying to grab the wing," Ennis said in his deposition. "I'm not saying that's what he was doing. That's what it appeared to me. I'm not sure if it jerked to the left to get away from Kevin or not. I seem to remember the car moving, but I'm not sure if it did it before or after impact."
The crash reconstruction report done for Stewart said marks on Stewart's wing (which sits above the car) show Ward had contact with it.
Chuck Hebing, who was driving the No. 45 car in front of Stewart under caution, said he didn't think Stewart would be able to avoid Ward.
"I jerked the car to the left and stepped on the gas to turn the car quicker to get away from him and then I said to myself that the next guy is not going to have time to get around him and is going to hit him and that is what happened," Hebing said in his deposition.
The Stewart motion filed Tuesday asks for claims of negligence, wrongful death, and terror pain and suffering prior to death to be dismissed. The motion is based on waivers Ward signed to compete in the event and that his actions, combined with the fact he had marijuana in his system, prove he had no fear and suffered no pain prior to death.
Ward suffered life-ending injuries to his chest and heart, a severed spine and a broken leg, according to the SEA report. He never was breathing and never regained consciousness, according to the depositions of medical personnel at the track.
Mediation in the case is set for April 18, and a hearing on Stewart's motion is set for April 28. No trial date has been set in the case, which is being heard in U.S. District Court in Utica, New York.
They were told they had until a meeting on Monday to choose a weapon. The right choice could mean several million dollars in profits from the fees the auction house charges buyers (usually 20 percent for the first $200,000 of the final price and 12 percent above that).
"The client was very serious about this," said Jonathan Rendell, a deputy chairman of Christie's in America who was involved with the transaction. "So we were very serious about it, too."
Kanae Ishibashi, the president of Christie's in Japan, declined to discuss her preparations for the meeting. But her colleagues in New York said she spent the weekend researching the psychology of the game online and talking to friends, including Nicholas Maclean, the international director of Christie's Impressionist and modern art department.
Mr. Maclean's 11-year-old twins, Flora and Alice, turned out to be the experts Ms. Ishibashi was looking for. They play the game at school, Alice said, "practically every day."
"Everybody knows you always start with scissors," she added. "Rock is way too obvious, and scissors beats paper." Flora piped in. "Since they were beginners, scissors was definitely the safest," she said, adding that if the other side were also to choose scissors and another round was required, the correct play would be to stick to scissors -- because, as Alice explained, "Everybody expects you to choose rock."
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Sotheby's took a different tack. "There was some discussion," said Blake Koh, an expert in Impressionist and modern art at Sotheby's in Los Angeles who was involved in the negotiations with Maspro. "But this is a game of chance, so we didn't really give it that much thought. We had no strategy in mind."
As Ms. Ishibashi wrote in an e-mail message to a colleague in New York, to prepare herself for the meeting she prayed, sprinkled salt -- a traditional Japanese ritual for good luck -- and carried lucky charm beads.
Two experts from each of the rival auction houses arrived at Maspro's Tokyo offices, where they were shown to a conference room with a very long table and asked to sit facing one another, Mr. Rendell said. Each side's experts had an accountant from Maspro sitting with them.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Instead of the usual method of playing the game with the hands, the teams were given a form explaining the rules. They were then asked to write one word in Japanese -- rock, paper or scissors -- on the paper.
After each house had entered its decision, a Maspro manager looked at the choices. Christie's was the winner: scissors beat paper.
"We were told immediately and then asked to go downstairs to another room and wait, while the forms went off to headquarters to be approved," Mr. Rendell said. He described the atmosphere in the room as "difficult," saying both sides were forced to "make small talk."
Christie's will sell most of the major paintings in its evening sale of Impressionist and modern art on Wednesday. It hopes the star of the group, Cézanne's "Large Trees Under the Jas de Bouffan" (1885-1887), will sell for more than $12 million.
Auction houses give each sale a code name to identify it. Christie's is sticking with "Scissors."
Small semi-aqueous arthropods, such as mosquitoes and water striders, are free to go about their waterborne business thanks to their unique leg-based adaptations, which repel water and allow them to float freely on the surface.
By examining the forces that the segments of mosquito legs generate against a water surface, researchers at the China University of Petroleum (Huadong) and Liaoning University of Technology have unraveled the mechanical logic that allows the mosquitoes to walk on water, which may help in the design of biomimetic structures, such as aquatic robots and small boats.
"The current analyses deepen our understanding of the mechanisms of water-walking of these aquatic insects," said Jianlin Liu, a professor in the Department of Engineering Mechanics at the China University of Petroleum. They describe their current research in the journal AIP Advances, from AIP Publishing.
Mosquitoes land on still bodies of water to lay their eggs just under the surface, where the embryos will hatch and develop into a pupa, eventually emerging from the water as a mature adult to continue the cycle.
A mosquito leg consists of three segments coated in grid-like, microscopic hydrophobic scales: a stiff femur juts out from the insect's abdomen and connects at a joint to an equally stiff tibia, which branches into a long, flexible tarsus. Previous measurements of the ability of water surfaces to support insects had largely ignored the tarsus, however, focusing instead on whole legs.
The researchers measured the buoyant force produced by the tarsus by adhering a mosquito leg to a steel needle, which was attached to an indenter column and microsensor. This in-situ setup allowed them to adjust the angle and force between the leg and the water's surface, while taking readings with an optical microscope and digital camera.
Liu and his colleagues found that the insect's ability to float on water -- generating an upward force of twenty times its own body weight with its six legs -- is owed entirely to the tarsus's buoyant horizontal contact with the surface.
"This finding overthrows the classical viewpoint that the longer the mosquito leg, the more efficiently it produces buoyant force," Liu said.
By reducing the total surface area of the leg in contact with water, the adhesive force of the water on the insect is greatly reduced, which assists in takeoff.
The structural ability of the tarsus to achieve such a large supporting force per unit length, however, remains an ongoing research endeavor for the team. Future work for Liu and his colleagues involves studying the microstructures, wet adhesive forces and dynamic behavior of mosquito legs.
President Trump's frustration in Washington is reaching a boiling point, and is in "pressure cooker territory," The Washington Post reported, citing a confidant of the president.
That Trump ally warned that when Trump does not vent his frustration and anger, he turns into a "pressure cooker" — and that may be what is happening now, according to the Post.
Trump has launched a volley of attacks and complaints on Twitter in recent days, taking aim at targets ranging from Sen. Bob Corker Robert (Bob) Phillips CorkerBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Sasse's jabs at Trump spark talk of primary challenger RNC votes to give Trump 'undivided support' ahead of 2020 MORE (R-Tenn.) to the NFL.
ADVERTISEMENT
According to the Post, Trump has become frustrated with his Cabinet and feels as if he has not received the credit he deserves for his response to recent hurricanes that ravaged parts of the mainland U.S. and its territories.
In a series of tweets on Sunday, the president railed against Corker, who had said last week that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson Rex Wayne TillersonHeather Nauert withdraws her name from consideration for UN ambassador job Trump administration's top European diplomat to resign in February Pompeo planning to meet with Pat Roberts amid 2020 Senate speculation MORE, Defense Secretary James Mattis James Norman MattisTrump backs off total Syria withdrawal Grass-roots campaign backs Mattis for public office Overnight Defense: Dems tee up Tuesday vote against Trump's emergency declaration | GOP expects few defections | Trump doubles number of troops staying in Syria to 400 MORE and White House chief of staff John Kelly John Francis KellyMORE were separating the U.S. from "chaos."
The Tennessee Republican, the president said, had decided not to run for reelection because Trump would not give him his endorsement. Trump also blamed him for the Iran nuclear deal, which the president has blasted as "one of the worst deals" the U.S. has ever made.
Corker responded on Sunday, tweeting that the White House has become "an adult day care center" under Trump. And in a subsequent interview with The New York Times, he warned that the president's rhetoric could be driving the U.S. toward "World War III."
In recent months, Trump has found himself unable to express his frustrations to others in the White House, according to the Post. Kelly has largely restricted access to the president, and the recent departure of Keith Schiller, a longtime aide, has left Trump with fewer peers to vent to.
Aurora Cannabis Inc. (TSX: ACB) (OTCQX: ACBFF) announced today that it has entered into an agreement with a syndicate of underwriters led by Canaccord Genuity Corp., pursuant to which the Underwriters have agreed to purchase, on a bought deal basis, 16,700,000 units of the Company, at a price of $3.00 per Unit (the "Offering Price"), for aggregate gross proceeds to Aurora of $50,100,000.
Each Unit will be comprised of one common share of the Company and one common share purchase warrant. Each Warrant will be exercisable to acquire one common share (a "Warrant Share") for a period of 3 years following the closing date of the Offering at an exercise price of $4.00 per Warrant Share, subject to adjustment in certain events.
Aurora has also granted the Underwriters an option (the "Over-Allotment Option") to purchase up to 2,505,000 additional Units of the Company on the same terms as the Offering. If the Over-Allotment Option is exercised in full, the aggregate gross proceeds of the Offering will be $57,615,000.
Net proceeds from the Offering will be used primarily towards the Company's strategic growth initiatives including continued domestic and international expansion, and for general working capital purposes.
"This financing ensures that we have the financial horsepower we need to keep going at full throttle, and continue seizing and capitalizing on attractive growth opportunities in Canada and around the world," said Terry Booth, CEO. "With Aurora's excellent balance sheet and what we believe is the strongest cash position in the industry, we are ideally positioned to further accelerate our aggressive growth strategy, further expand production capacity, and enter multiple new international markets. Aurora will continue to push the pace, with agility, innovation and disciplined execution, and set the benchmark as a globally dominant cannabis company."
The Offering is in the form of a bought deal public offering (i) in each of the provinces of Canada (other than Quebec), (ii) in the United Statesonly to Qualified Institutional Buyers (within the meaning of Rule 144A), and in each case in compliance with the securities laws of the applicable states of the United States, to investors that the Underwriters have reasonable grounds to believe and do believe are Qualified Institutional Buyers, and (iii) outside Canada and the United States on a basis which does not require the qualification or registration of any of the Common Shares, Warrants, Warrant Shares of the Issuer.
Closing of the Offering is expected to occur on or about November 2, 2017 and is subject to certain conditions including, but not limited to, the receipt of all necessary regulatory and stock exchange approvals, including the approval of the Toronto Stock Exchange and the applicable securities regulatory authorities.
The securities being offered have not been, nor will they be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of the securities in any State in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful.
Maryland Governor Signs Medical Marijuana, Decriminalization Bills into Law
ANNAPOLIS, MD — Maryland Governor Martin O'Malley signed Maryland's newly passed medical marijuana improvement bill into law today, giving advocates hope that Marylanders may now finally soon see access to medical marijuana in the state and giving Maryland the long-overdue title of a “medical marijuana state.”
“Legal patients in Maryland are now protected from arrest and prosecution, and they will soon be able to get legal medicine from licensed providers,” said Steph Sherer, Executive Director of Americans for Safe Access. “Today's signature is the culmination of seven years of work by Americans for Safe Access (ASA) and our allies.”
The Maryland House of Delegates voted 125-11 earlier this month to adopt House Bill 881, a medical marijuana bill that improves upon a failed medical marijuana law that was adopted by the state last year.
Article continues after ad Advertisement
Qualified patients will be able to obtain their medicine from licensed medical marijuana treatment centers (MMTC), which will rely on licensed growers for their supply. Patients will be required to get approval from physicians who are approved by the state and must obtain an identification card before they will be eligible to access an MMTC.
“We're excited to welcome Maryland as the 21st medical marijuana state,” said Mike Liszewski, Policy Director with Americans for Safe Access (ASA), who testified before House and Senate committees. “This bill is a vast improvement over the current law in Maryland and will provide patients with needed protection from arrest and prosecution, and give them a means to safely and legally obtain medical marijuana.”
HB 881 was sponsored by Maryland House Delegate Cheryl Glenn (D-Baltimore) and co-sponsored by nearly half of the House. A broad coalition including Americans for Safe Access, industry stakeholders, and Stop the Seizures, a group of parents of children suffering from seizure disorders, worked tirelessly to pass HB 881.
Several different versions of the bill were considered this year, and many amendments were added by Senator Jamie Raskin (D-Montgomery) to help patients navigate the program.
Article continues after ad Advertisement
Maryland has struggled over the past few years to pass and implement medical marijuana legislation. In 2003, the Maryland legislature adopted the Darrel Putnam Compassionate Use Act, which was a skeletal medical marijuana law that provided an affirmative defense, but did not prevent patients from being arrested, prosecuted, or having to pay a fine, even if a defendant could prove they were a qualified patient.
Last year, the legislature passed HB 1101, which established “Academic Medical Centers” to distribute marijuana to patients, but the untested program failed to gain buy-in from the state's academic institutions, and no patients were ever enrolled in the program.
HB 881 establishes a new form of distribution. According to the new law, the Natalie M. LaPrade Medical Marijuana Commission, which was established under last year's legislation, will regulate treatment centers, characterized as an entity that “acquires, possesses, processes, transfers, transports, sells, distributes, dispenses, or administers marijuana, products containing food, tinctures, aerosols, oils, or ointments, or educational materials for use by a qualifying patient or a caregiver.”
The Governor also signed into law Monday a bill that decriminalizes the possession of up to ten grams of marijuana.
Tags: Academic Medical Centers
CICERO, Ill. — A transgender woman who alleged that two Cicero police officers humiliated her and discriminated against her because of her gender identity has settled a lawsuit with the town for $10,000. Cicero also agreed to enact guidelines for the police treatment of transgender people, according to her attorneys.
Bianca Feliciano, 18, filed the lawsuit in March, in which she detailed the alleged harassment and discrimination by Cicero police officers when she was walking down the street in the Western suburb with her friend in early February 2011. Two Cicero police officers profiled her as a prostitute because of her race and gender identity and refused to accept a state-issued ID, which properly identified her as a woman, according to the suit.
Wikimedia
“I'm glad to settle this case and I hope this policy will mean that what happened to me doesn't have to happen to anyone again,” said Feliciano in a statement. “LGBTQ youth and others should never have to go through the abuse I suffered from the Cicero Police Department.”
Specifically, when she presented her ID to the officers, Feliciano was threatened with physical violence and charges for fraud. One of the officers allegedly told her, “You are not female, you have a dick between your legs,” according to the lawsuit.
The police transgender protections policy would make Cicero one of the few major metropolitan police departments to establish such guidelines, according to Feliciano's attorneys at the People's Law Office.
“We are pleased that the Town of Cicero is taking a step forward by creating this policy,” said Joey Mogul, a partner at the People's Law Office and Director of the Civil Rights Clinic at DePaul University College of Law, on Tuesday in a statement.
The lawsuit also blamed Cicero's lack of any written policy for the processing of transgender people, and its poor police training on dealing with transgender people as the reason behind the officers' actions, but Mogul said that the new policy should change that.
Currently, Chicago has no such protections in place. Ald. Proco “Joe” Moreno — with the assistance of a number of LGBT rights advocacy groups — introduced an ordinance in the City Council earlier this year that would enact such protections, but has not yet yielded progress in committee. New York and Washington D.C. police have adopted similar policies.
“We are hopeful that this ends the unjust and abusive treatment of transgender people by Cicero Police Officers and we hope that other police departments follow suit,” Mogul said.
Transgender people often rely on the protection that state-issued ID can afford them and are more likely to face violence and discrimination, according to a 2011 report by the National Center for Transgender Equality.
Nearly half of transgender respondents in a 2010 National Gay and Lesbian Task Force study reported they felt uncomfortable seeking police assistance. About 20 percent of transgender people reported harassment from police officers, particularly transgender women of color and 60 percent stated they had been abused.
This Story Filed Under
Page Content
​Buy a BC Parks licence plate
Show your pride in British Columbia's natural beauty with a park-themed licence plate and support our provincial parks and protected areas.
All net proceeds from the sale and renewals of BC Parks plates will be re-invested back into provincial parks through the Parks Enhancement Fund.
Three unique designs
Each plate depicts a scene from one of B.C.'s parks and recreation areas.
Choose from three plate designs (click for larger view):
Porteau Cove plate The picturesque view of Porteau Cove overlooking Howe Sound was chosen to represent
British Columbia's stunning South Coast. Porteau Cove Provincial Park, situated on the
most southerly fjord in North America, is among the most popular provincial parks.
Open year-round, this park features beautiful waterfront campsites, although Porteau
Cove is perhaps best known for scuba diving. A series of man-made reefs and two sunken
vessels, as well as an amazing array of marine life, provide exceptional scuba diving
opportunities. Other recreational opportunities, including hiking, wildlife viewing and
windsurfing, also abound at Porteau Cove Provincial Park. The park is also home to the Porteau Cove Olympic Legacy Cabins, which were used during
the 2010 Winter Olympic Games. With its location between Horseshoe Bay and Squamish,
Porteau Cove Provincial Park was once originally the site of sand and gravel mining,
to supply the Vancouver industry. Purcell Mountains plate The majestic Purcell Mountains symbolize the province's interior region. Snow-capped
peaks make up the natural backdrop of the Purcell Wilderness Conservancy Provincial
Park and Protected Area, spanning north to Bugaboo Provincial Park. The Purcell Wilderness Conservancy Park and Protected Area is one of the first large-scale
wilderness areas in Canada to be set aside as a result of local citizen action,
and is defined by a pristine rugged mountain landscape. Bugaboo Provincial Park is an extremely popular park for climbers from around the
globe. With many peaks over 3,000 metres in elevation the Bugaboos offer awe
inspiring mountain and glacier terrain along with world class backcountry skiing
opportunities. The Purcell Mountains feature high glacial mountains, stunning alpine lakes, lush
wetlands, old-growth forests and rushing rivers. Experienced outdoor adventurers,
such as hikers and mountain climbers, revel in the unprecedented beauty and tranquility
of the Purcell Mountains. Kermode Bear plate Found only in British Columbia, the legendary Kermode Bear is a rare subspecies of black
bear, and can be found between the Burke Channel in the south and roughly up to the Nass
River in the north. This captivating photo was chosen to illustrate British Columbia's
vast, rugged northern region. The Kermode Bear is not albino, but rather it is a black bear
that has white fur due to a rare genetic trait. The animal is recognized as one of British
Columbia's provincial symbols, which highlight unique and important elements across the province. This image also coincides with the finalization in Feb. 2016 of the Great Bear Rainforest
Land Use Order, and the Great Bear Rainforest (Forest Management) Act, which received Royal
Assent in May 2016. The new regulations meet government's commitment to the full
implementation of ecosystem-based management in the area.
Costs and fees
These plates are available for an initial cost of $50 and an annual renewal fee of $40.
How to buy your BC Parks plate
Simply ask your local Autoplan broker.
Find a broker near you
Please note:
Some vehicles are not eligible for a BC Parks plate – like motorcycles, trailers, farm plated vehicles and larger commercial vehicles (over 5500 kg).
You will need to update any billing accounts linked to your previous plate with your new BC Parks plate information, for example, parking companies.
BC Parks' Future Strategy
To find out more about British Columbia's world-renowned provincial parks and the plan to protect and enhance them for future generations, visit the BC Parks website.
Quick links
B.C. Government press release: Show your support for BC Parks with specialty licence plates
T.J. SIMERS It has come to pass for Kobe Bryant
Bryant says he's at peace as he talks about his new role with the Lakers, Dwight Howard, Mike D'Antoni's offense and how he wants to be remembered when he retires.
"I just happened to grow in front of everybody and a lot happened," Kobe says. "Maybe one day in like 15 years or so some people will come to realize we didn't quite get him when he was playing."
We have already spent the last hour discussing his obsessive intensity, Dwight Howard, Pau Gasol and Shaquille O'Neal, his stifling inner circle and his belief he can pass the Lakers into the playoffs.
"We're human beings, so we're complicated," Kobe says.
And here I am, the Hater.
You know who I'm talking about: the Kobester, the Big Baby, the Ball Hog, the Tanker.
MINNEAPOLIS — I'm liking the laugh-out-loud guy sitting across from me at Starbucks, maybe as big a shock as Kobe Bryant and I are getting together to sip vanilla lattes.
There was a time when we would talk regularly and with great respect. And there was a time when we would not, replaced later by a lot of growling and confrontation.
The shift continues, the Lakers at their worst but Kobe at his best. And so what's wrong with him? I begin.
"I find myself talking sometimes and I can't believe what I just said," he says with a hearty laugh. "Realistically I have only one year left, so I'm trying to enjoy myself."
But what happened to the inner circle of trust, Kobe admitting, "You were off the reservation," if you didn't flatter him?
"I didn't have time to deal with nonsense," he says. "I had quite a bit of recovery going on, so I didn't have time to deal with negative stuff.
"I've taken the reins off now. I'm more open, hence Twitter. I'm at peace."
So ask him anything, and he obliges.
"Are you worried Howard might leave, jeopardizing a chance to win another ring, if he's not a fan of Mike D'Antoni's coaching?"
"Yeah, a little bit," Kobe says.
"Have you asked Dwight if he's going to stay?"
"I want him thinking about being our defensive stopper so we can ride him into the playoffs," Kobe says.
"Is D'Antoni the right coach?"
There's a long pause. "I don't think a coach becomes the right coach until he wins a championship. I don't think Erik Spoelstra was the right coach in Miami until he won. Phil Jackson was just some hippie coaching in Chicago with this weird offense."
"Can D'Antoni win a championship?"
"The question for me, is he capable of figuring this puzzle out? I think he has the brains to do so."
What about Howard and Bryant?
"I've been through much worse," Kobe says. "Shaq and I honestly didn't like each other. At least Dwight and I do like each other."
I suggest to Kobe that he probably thinks Howard is a clown, and Kobe says, "Yeah, but let me explain.
"Dwight is jovial. But by me being who I am, it balances out."
Howard is now wearing a headset listening to music before games rather than joking with the media. I suggest it's Kobe's doing. I get no argument.
Geneva, Switzerland - Just 11 days after being slammed by a massive tornado, the US state of Oklahoma has again been hit by deadly storms. Oklahoma City was the latest to feel nature's wrath when tornados struck on Friday, killing nine people and injuring more than 100.
Natural disasters are increasing around the world as the climate changes, costing lives and billions of dollars in damage, and governments need to act to minimise the effects, a conference on natural calamity mitigation heard last month.
Underscoring the issue was the tornado that destroyed much of the city of Moore, Oklahoma on May 20 - killing 24, injuring hundreds, and causing about $2bn in damage.
Survivors of the Moore, Oklahoma tornado [AFP]
Details on the disaster were still coming in as the United Nations-led Global Platform for Disaster Risk Reduction conference opened in Geneva, Switzerland.
The news brought words of sympathy from around the world, and highlighted the importance of the conference's task: to deal with the ballooning impacts of natural disasters around the world.
The global disaster conference brought together more than 3,500 delegates from 171 countries to discuss reducing the risk of natural disasters in the years ahead.
Parliamentarians, mayors and community leaders met with scientists, NGOs, international agencies and businesses to give input and to question why recent attempts to manage disaster risks haven't slowed the rising tide of destruction.
The UN has estimated the direct economic cost of disasters since 2000 is roughly $1.4tn, cautioning that the total price tag on people's livelihoods and the wider economy are never fully counted.
"There's now rather convincing evidence that climate change has brought about, if not more frequent, at least more vehement expressions from nature, and that we should be prepared for this," UN Deputy Secretary General Jan Eliasson said at the conference.
Burgeoning costs
Japan's earthquake and tsunami of 2011 was probably the most costly natural disaster in history, causing losses of hundreds of billions of dollars.
Last October's Superstorm Sandy cost the United States more than $50bn, while also devastating Cuba, Haiti, and other Caribbean nations. Record wildfires last year in Russia and the US burned through millions of acres, following another unprecedented Russian summer in 2010 when heat waves claimed 55,000 lives.
Deadly tornado tears through Oklahoma
As the thermometer rises, so does the frequency and intensity of extreme weather events.
The UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) reported last year that droughts and heat waves are growing harsher and longer in many regions, causing deaths, fires and crop failure.
When rain does come, it is often more intense, causing flooding and landslides. Meanwhile, rising sea levels increase the height and damage potential of storm surges in coastal areas.
The price tag of disasters is also boosted by the amount of development in high-risk areas, especially in fast-growing economies where there is little land-use planning.
The ways in which booming economies can court disaster was demonstrated in 2011, when the Chao Phraya River flooded in Thailand, inundating more than 1,000 factories built in the floodplain.
The resulting disruption of electronic component manufacturers rippled through global supply chains. In Japan and North America, Toyota and Honda had to slow down automobile production and lost more than $1bn each. Meanwhile, the prices of computer hard drives tripled in some parts of the world.
Progress on paper
In 2005, the Hyogo Framework for Action was adopted to encourage countries to become more resilient in the face of natural disasters. But the Global Assessment Report released at the conference reveals that efforts have had limited success so far.
One-hundred twenty-one countries have passed legislation for reducing disaster risks since 2005, and more than half of the governments have made substantial progress in assessing and monitoring the risks their people face. But this has had no discernible affect on disaster losses, which continue to stack up around the world.
Each of the last three years has brought direct economic losses of more than $100bn because of earthquakes, storms, floods, droughts, and other catastrophes. These range from mega-disasters such as the Japan earthquake and tsunami and Superstorm Sandy, down to smaller floods and landslides that strike vulnerable communities, somewhere in the world, on a daily basis.
"National risk reduction plans are mostly on paper," said Terezya Huvisa, Tanzania's minister for the environment. "There is a huge gap in implementation, and an immense gap between local needs and national plans."
It's these gaps between plans and protection that brought a record number of stakeholders to Geneva to demand more concrete action from a new plan to succeed the Hyogo Framework. The document will be drafted between now and 2015, and the UN is ensuring that early input comes from every corner.
With attendees ranging from scientists to engineers, and from indigenous community leaders to CEOs, not everyone shared the same priorities.
But United Nations International Strategy for Disaster Reduction chief Margareta Wahlstrom said the conference was a step forward.
"When we set out to try to identify what is the common ground for 2015 and beyond, I believe in this conference we have lived up to that assignment," said Wahlstrom.
National risk reduction plans are mostly on paper. There is a huge gap in implementation. - Terezya Huvisa, Tanzania's Minister for the Environment
So far, each step towards a global framework for addressing disasters has been framed by massive natural events. The Hyogo Framework was established in Kobe, Japan, as bodies were still being recovered from the Indian Ocean tsunami of 2004.
The recent disasters casting shadows on this year's event brought greater attention to the likelihood that climate change is worsening the intensity of weather events.
The Global Assessment Report highlighted that many people suffering the worst effects of climate disasters are not the ones contributing to them.
Other than climate change, reckless urban development, the exploitation of groundwater, and deforestation are increasing the likelihood of disasters large and small, and weaken the resilience of communities to withstand them.
"From this perspective, disaster risk is a shared risk, and businesses, the public sector and civil society all participate in its construction," the report concluded.
MSNBC cut away from a live Bernie Sanders press conference this afternoon as the Democratic presidential candidate was talking about his opposition to the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement. Watch the cutaway:
“You've been listening to Bernie Sanders, less of a press conference, more of a speech. I want to turn back to the Republican side of things,” said Kate Snow, as she pivoted to news of Ted Cruz firing a press spokesperson.
MSNBC owner Comcast has lobbied for the TPP. Last year, it fired host Ed Schultz, an outspoken opponent of the agreement.
A Media Matters study found that outside of Schultz's show, the TPP was mentioned only twice on MSNBC during an 18-month period. Last year, MSNBC host Joe Scarborough admitted to The Intercept that his network was “guilty” of ignoring the TPP.
Is there such a thing as driving too slow in the fast lane? Some people in Maryland think so. But should state law be changed so that slow drivers get cited? (Published Friday, July 15, 2011)
Don't you hate it when you're cruising down the highway and suddenly find yourself stuck behind some car inching along at 40 mph?
Montgomery County police apparently do. They're looking to change the law to require cars in the left lane of some roads to yield to faster cars.
Drivers would have to pull to the right lane if they were driving below the speed limit.
They'd even have to pull over if they were driving at or above the speed limit, if a car from behind was going even faster.
“So, this is a free pass for people driving over the posted speed limit,” Councilman George L. Leventhal (D-At large), of Takoma Park, told the Gazette. “That's not good policy.”
The Maryland General Assembly would have to approve the change.
Mark Levin's book, The Liberty Amendments, has sparked the hope that American citizens can save the Republic by calling a Convention of States under Article V. Two classes of naysayers have arisen. First, there are those, like my dear friend Phyllis Schlafly, who argue that using the power of the states under Article V is dangerous and could result in a runaway convention. Professor Rob Natelson has decisively answered this contention here . James W. Lucas represents the second class of critic -- those who contend that it is politically impossible to call a convention, draft amendments, and send them out for ratification.
Lucas has another plan. He wants Congress to enact a constitutional amendment that gives the states the ability to propose amendments to the Constitution without calling a convention. If two-thirds of the states pass identical legislation proposing an amendment, it would be sent back to the states for ratification.
This idea did not originate with Lucas. It has been around for some time and is generally called the "Madison Amendment."
Whatever the merits of the Madison Amendment may be, Lucas has argued that his plan is better than Levin's on the grounds of political realism. Fair enough. Let's look at this realistically.
In 1999, Senator John Ashcroft introduced an amendment to the same effect as the Madison Amendment. He never got a co-sponsor. In the same year in the House, the companion bill got a total of eight co-sponsors. In 2010, another variant of this bill got a grand total of four co-sponsors in the House.
None of these proposals ever got a hearing. There was never a vote. All of these proposals were dead on arrival. Why? They were introduced in Congress.
Congress will never -- ever -- ever -- pass an amendment making it easier for the states to amend the Constitution. Why? Congress ain't that stupid. They know that such an amendment would allow the states to do an end run around Congress. No branch of the government in Washington, D.C., will voluntarily relinquish even one iota of power.
I hate to get personal here, but we are just being realistic. One way to measure political reality is by gauging public support for an idea. James W. Lucas has published a book outlining his plan. His book is currently ranked 3,905,513 on Amazon.com. Levin's book, after a healthy stint at number one, is now ranked number three among all books sold on Amazon. It seems public support resides solidly in Levin's camp.
Lucas also fails to deal fairly with the scope and impact of the scholarship of Dr. Robert Natelson. Natelson is the premier scholar on Article V issues. Natelson's work not only appears repeatedly in scholarly journals but also in Supreme Court decisions--he was cited twice in this last term. Originalism in actual practice is not as irrelevant as Lucas seems to believe. Moreover, Natelson's work is thoroughly practical -- taking into account current precedent, political reality, and the original meaning of the Constitution.
Nothing is stopping Lucas from pushing his idea in Congress. Good luck to him. If he gets anywhere close to a vote in either the House or the Senate, I hereby promise him that I will use my grassroots networks of several hundred thousand voters to urge passage in Congress. But since I have worked in Washington, D.C., for over 30 years and have been the chief lobbyist for a constitutional amendment that has gained over 150 co-sponsors, I believe his prospects are dubious.
A realistic plan looks like this. There are 4000 state legislative house districts in the 40 states most likely to support a convention. If we build a grassroots organization in 75% of those districts, we can put significant pressure on the members of the state legislatures to pass a resolution calling for a Convention of States. That grassroots organization needs just one captain in each of these 3000 districts and a minimum of 100 voters who will contact their state legislators to support a convention for the purpose of limiting the power of Washington, D.C. We know we can reach these numbers. We know we can build this network of citizens.
Citizens for Self-Governance has launched a project that will make this plan a reality. We were working on this even before Levin released his book, and now we are ready to start building support. Levin has catapulted this idea into the national spotlight -- we have the plan to implement it.
Since launching the Convention of States Project website (www.conventionofstates.com), we have already gained tens of thousands of grassroots supporters. We have created a network of dozens of state legislators who are interested in sponsoring resolutions to call for the convention.
Lucas contends that procedural uncertainties make a Convention of States impossible. It is true that the organizational details of the convention will have to be settled by the convention itself. But they will be settled quickly because every state gets one vote. This rule cannot be contested and will greatly expedite the process.
Lucas's assertion that the convention will be mired in years of litigation is not based on relevant fact. I have litigated dozens and dozens of constitutional cases over the last 35 years. In fact, I litigated the last major case concerning the Article V amending process (when Congress tried to change the rules for ratifying the Equal Rights Amendment in the middle of the stream).
Again, I hate to be personal, but I did a Westlaw search to evaluate James W. Lucas's experience in constitutional litigation, just to see if he knew something I was missing. I cannot find a single reported case of any kind for this attorney. It seems he is not an actual litigator.
The only reason for any serious litigation during the Article V process would be if the states fail to employ sufficiently similar language in their resolutions. The Convention of States Project is proceeding on the basis that each state will use an identical resolution. If litigation arises, it will be quickly resolved in favor of a Convention of States.
The truly realistic bottom line is this: if we don't use the power of the states found in Article V, we may lose liberty forever.
If you don't want to help, fine. Sit on the sidelines and watch. But I would respectfully suggest that we have both a short window and a great deal of momentum for one idea. Call a Convention of States. Stop the abuse of power by Washington, D.C. Save liberty for ourselves and our posterity.
An asteroid as large as a 10-story building buzzed the Earth, coming within about 120,000 miles (193,121 kilometers) of the planet, on January 9 and, according to preliminary projections, will again approach the Earth for another swing toward the Sun in December. At present, not much is known about the path of asteroid 2017 AG13, because the space rock was only discovered on January 7. With only two days of data to calculate a projected orbital path, the numbers are still a bit suspect, but with a (NEO) Near-Earth Object this size, astronomers will keep a close watch and adjust the orbital calculations to give us at least a few months warning if the asteroid might just impact the Earth on its next trip Sun-ward.
At present, no one is sounding an alarm, so there doesn't seem to any need to panic. At least, not with asteroid 2017 AG13…
As redOrbit reported this week, asteroid 2017 AG13, a NEO measured by astronomers at the Minor Planet Center in Cambridge, Massachusetts, to be between 36 and 111 feet (11 to 34 meters) at its widest, was traveling at 10 miles (16 kilometers) per second — that is equivalent to 36,000 miles per hour — as it passed between the Earth and orbit of the Moon. Astronomers note that the reason the asteroid wasn't found sooner was due to its velocity (relative to Earth, which, too, is also in motion as it flies around the Sun) and its rather low magnitude, making it very difficult to detect.
Scientists at the Slooh Observatory quickly put together a live event broadcast to monitor the passing asteroid. Eric Feldman, an astronomer with Slooh, noted as 2017 AG13 made its fly-by, “This is moving very quickly, very nearby to us. This one has a particularly elliptical orbit. It actually crosses the orbits of two planets, Venus and Earth.”
The elliptical orbit Feldman mentioned will take the asteroid to within 0.55 astronomical units (one unit is equal to the distance between the Sun and Earth) of the Sun at perihelion (an orbit's closest point to the Sun) and out to 1.36 astronomical units at aphelion (an orbit's farthest point from the Sun), according to calculations made by the University of Arizona-based Catalina Sky Survey, which originally detected 2017 AG13.
Slooh's broadcast pointed out that the buzzing space rock was “roughly the same size as the asteroid that struck Chelyabinsk, Russia in 2013.” But given the dimensions, 2017 AG13 may have been slightly larger. Regardless, this means that if the asteroid had actually impacted Earth, the effects might have been comparable.
The Chelyabinsk bolide scorched through the upper atmosphere and detonated with a yield of roughly 500 kilotons of energy (the Hiroshima atomic bomb, by comparison, released about 15 kilotons of energy), shattering windows in cities for tens of miles and injuring about 1,500 people. According to Purdue University's asteroid-impact simulator “Impact Earth!” (per Business Insider), if asteroid 2017 AG13 had hit the Earth (or swings back around to do so in December) — and allowing that it collided with the Earth's atmosphere at a 45-degree angle, it, too, would explode in the atmosphere in an airburst.
Given the size of the newfound asteroid, it could, according to astronomers, produce the same effects as the 2013 Chelyabinsk meteor. [Image by Krasowit/Shutterstock]
Not mentioned in the coverage of the near-miss fly-by of 2017 AG13 is that each passage through its elliptical loop through the inner Solar System (perihelion for the asteroid takes it as far out almost as far as the orbit of Mars, but not actually near it because the asteroid orbits at an angle to the Solar ecliptic, which is the imaginary flat plane that extends out from the Sun's equator, through the Earth, and into infinity) affects its next orbit. This orbital run not only had the asteroid coming so close to the Earth and Moon that it passed in such proximity to the pair as to be affected by the duo's gravity fields. After passing by, it is also projected to pass within the orbit of Venus (although it is unclear if it will pass near enough to be affected by that planet's gravity field). The entire time, 2017 AG13 will be subject to the Sun's immense gravitational tug as well.
In short, only after some time is spent observing the movement of the newfound NEO will astronomers be able to provide an accurate orbital path — which means that experts cannot yet predict with certainty exactly where 2017 AG13 will be when — and if (assuming that the Catalina Sky Survey's initial calculations are correct) — the space rock comes back around in its estimated 347 day orbit.
So there is a bit of uncertainty as to whether or not the 10-story asteroid might impact Earth in December or, given that its orbit is a little less than a year's time, sometime in the near or far future. It is not a process that takes very long for calculation, though — as long as astronomers are able to track, or backtrack, the target asteroid.
An asteroid's impact with the Earth is dependent on many variables, including the the gravitational pull on the passing asteroid itself as it flies by other celestial objects. [Image by solarseven/Shutterstock]
Space Daily reported that determining the trajectory of an NEO or PHA (Potentially Hazardous Asteroid) becomes more accurate as astronomers obtain more images of an asteroid are found — accomplished by looking through astronomical archives. This was done with the discovery of 2016 WJ1, which was first detected by the same Catalina Sky Survey. More images of the asteroid — which had originally been calculated, using preliminary orbital data, as having a 1 in 8,000 chance of colliding with Earth in 2065 — were found.
“The additional images allowed us to refine our knowledge of the trajectory sufficiently to begin searching astronomical archives, to see if anyone had previously imaged this asteroid without having recognized it as such,” said Marco Micheli, an observer at the NEO center.
The archives search turned successful as well and astronomers were able to make orbital calculations that showed that asteroid 2016 WJ1 was not an actual threat to impact Earth in the near or far future.
As for the future path of asteroid 2017 AG13, time — and the collection of tracking data — will tell whether or not it will possibly be on a collision course with Earth.
[Featured Image by Elenarts/NASA/Shutterstock]
The New Orleans Pelicans are 0-8. In a vacuum, there's nothing particularly alarming about a bad basketball team starting the season with eight consecutive losses, but the Pelicans have failed in a way that shouldn't really be possible in today's NBA.
The Pelicans are a team that was gifted a once-in-a-generation talent, in the form of Anthony Davis, at the 2012 draft. For a few seasons, their fortunes tracked favorably with Davis's development—they won 27 games during his first season, 34 during his second, and 45 during his fourth—which is how things are supposed to go when a bad team gets a player as good as Davis is.
Things fell apart last season (in no small part because Davis was injured for a large portion of it), but a team that had spent the previous four years building a competent core around its transcendent star could have written a 30-win campaign off as an unfortunate stumble. The Pelicans, my friends, are not that team:
This is a crime against basketball. Acquiring a superstar of Davis's caliber is the hardest thing to do in the NBA, and teams that are lucky enough to get one have to actively sabotage themselves in order to stay out of the playoffs while that superstar is still on the roster. What does that kind of self-sabotage look like? It looks like pledging nearly $18 million per season to Omer Asik and E'Twuan Moore.
Advertisement
As soon as the Pelicans got their hands on Davis, they went about surrounding him with as many openly flawed players as possible. They traded a first-round pick for Omer Asik, traded the sixth pick in the 2013 draft for Jrue Holiday, wasted a top-10 pick on Austin Rivers, and traded for and then extended Tyreke Evans. At this year's draft, they picked sharpshooter Buddy Hield, who is already 22 and shooting 20 percent from behind the arc, with the sixth overall pick.
The Pelicans' team-building failures were on full display in each of Davis's previous seasons with the team, but they have never been more starkly displayed than they are right now. Not only are the Pelicans 0-8, they are winless despite the fact that Anthony Davis has been playing some of the best basketball of his career.
Advertisement
On opening night against the Nuggets, Davis threw up a stat line that the NBA had never seen before: 50 points, 16 rebounds, five assists, seven steals, and four blocks. The Pelicans, somehow, lost that game 107-102. Two days later, the Pelicans lost to the Warriors while Davis put a 45-17 on the board. Davis scoring 35 points and 15 rebounds wasn't enough to keep his team from falling to the Bucks on Nov. 1; neither was a 34-point, eight-rebound performance against the Kings last night.
This is a league in which a star player is supposed to be a golden ticket to the playoffs. LeBron James dragged a collection of corpses to the Finals during his first run in Cleveland, Carmelo Anthony never once missed the playoffs while in a Nuggets uniform, and Chris Paul took the Hornets to the playoffs three times while he was stuck there. And yet here the Pelicans are, with a legitimate superstar anchoring the roster, performing like a team that is tanking for draft picks.
Perhaps Davis deserves a larger share of the blame for the Pelicans' ineffectiveness than I am giving him, but it's hard to watch a guy go out there and put up Bill Russell numbers while sharing the floor with four barely functional teammates and playing in a seemingly non-existent offensive system—seriously, watching the Pelicans try to execute their offense is one of the most depressing experiences sports currently has to offer—and say, “Yes, well, the problem is obviously the guy scoring every basket and grabbing every rebound.” The Pelicans are broken in ways that go far beyond Davis's ability to fix, and the league will be better off when he finally manages to get the hell out of there.
It should be obvious by now that big numbers don't scare Canadians.
We've been warned so often, and for so long, about the dangers of the national debt we're accumulating that we've developed something of an immunity. When it comes to debt, Canadians are like the frightening new antibiotic-resistant superbugs that can't be killed even with the most powerful drugs. A billion dollars? A hundred billion dollars? A trillion dollars? We shrug it off and just keep borrowing. Hasn't killed us yet, right?
If big numbers can't penetrate the national psyche, however, perhaps smaller ones might. As in education budgets, social service budgets, childcare budgets and security budgets that are smaller than they could be, because so much of the money collected in taxes is lost to interest payments on past borrowings.
That's the key warning of a Fraser Institute report on Canadian debt. It has all the usual scary numbers: Combined federal and provincial debt will top $1.3 trillion this year; Ontario will soon owe $300 billion,
passing Quebec as the most in-hock province; another $450 billion has been tacked onto the national credit card since the 2008 recession.
Bah. Canadians are used to those numbers, and used to ignoring them. Who can possibly grasp numbers that come with 12 zeroes attached to the end? Most of us can hardly fathom the salaries of a first-line centre in the National Hockey League.
But the import of those numbers may be easier to absorb when put in another context. For instance, the report notes that the interest spent last year on previous borrowings –$61 billion – is almost equal to the entire cost of public education in Canada last year.
It's $10 billion more than the total pension benefits paid out through the Canada Pension Plan and Quebec Pension Plan. Imagine: if not for the profligate borrowing of Canada's governments, benefits to pensioners could be doubled without increasing a single tax, cutting a single program or adding a single cent to the budget.
At almost $1 billion a month, Ontario spends more on debt interest than it did on its entire welfare system. Quebec's interest payments swallowed double the amount it spends on post-secondary education. All those Montreal street protests a year ago, by university students upset at a minor tuition hike, could have been avoided if the government wasn't pouring money into servicing debt.
B.C.'s interest costs are double its childcare budget, Newfoundland spends more on interest than it does on elementary and secondary schools.
And remember – none of that money is going to reduce the principal. It's just paying interest on past borrowings. The principal isn't being reduced at all – it's growing steadily. Ontario still spends almost $8 billion a year more than it brings in, and has a mammoth infrastructure plan to finance. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau was elected on a promise to add $10 billion to the federal debt load every year for three years, but even his own finance minister doesn't appear convinced he can stick to that figure. It's more likely to be double the promised amount, unless some serious new tax, are sharp cut in spending, takes place.
Trudeau portrays it as a necessity. As does Ontario's Kathleen Wynne, who is fond of saying the province can't afford to not pursue her many projects, the same argument offered over the past decade, through good times and bad times, thick and thin. Is there ever a time Ontarians can afford not to borrow? Alberta's NDP government maintains borrowing is such a necessity, it's willing to use debt to cover operating expenses. Their views reflect the notion that Canadians consider their benefits a birthright, and budgets have to be crafted accordingly.
Borrowing is cheap at the moment, they say. We can afford it … barely … for a little while longer. God forbid interest rates should rise. Because birthrights have a way of disappearing when the lenders come around to collect.
National Post
KellyMcParland<
Virginia may be for lovers, but the state's draconian liquor laws make nights out on the town not so lovely.
The commonwealth is home to some of America's worst alcohol laws. Up until 2008 sangria was treated as contraband and restaurants are still forbidden from advertising their happy-hour specials. But there's no more infamous state law than the food-beverage ratio, which mandates that restaurants must make $45 in food sales for every $55 they make selling liquor-based drinks.
Hugely popular businesses – such as cocktail speakeasies, martini lounges, music clubs and whiskey bars – have trouble satisfying the ratio, given that their customers often go there for the high-end liquor. So they're forced to change their service models or never do business in the state to begin with.
The food-beverage ratio is a legal zombie: it just won't die. Time and time again, efforts to reform or repeal the ratio have unceremoniously petered out in the Legislature. This year proved no different, as two different reform bills were watered down in committee and then tabled until at least 2017.
The damage from the ratio law increases each year. The high-end liquor and craft cocktail movement is exploding across the nation, but Virginia is losing out. For instance, an elite cocktail lounge like New York City's famed Death & Co.—which only serves small-plate appetizers to go along with its pricey cocktails—likely couldn't operate in Virginia. In fact, McCormack's Whisky Grill and Smokehouse, Virginia's only bar specializing in high-level distilled spirits, was slapped with a $1,000 penalty and a 15-day suspension of its liquor license for violating the ratio. As McCormack's owner pointed out, it takes an awful lot of food to offset just one $350 shot of Pappy Van Winkle's Family Reserve 23-year bourbon.
Even if restaurants have enough food sales to balance their liquor sales, they must still pay for the bookkeeping to track and calculate every sale (excluding beer and wine) and then prove they actually meet the ratio. These calculations can be so complex and time-consuming that some Virginia law firms specialize in guiding restaurant clients through the compliance process. Because government-run ABC stores control the price of liquor in Virginia, restaurants often have to raise food prices on their customers when liquor prices rise—as they did in 2014 in order to plug the state's budget gap.
Like so many bad drinks laws, this patently paternalistic policy emerged post-Prohibition. After repeal in 1933, Virginia continued to prohibit restaurants from selling alcoholic beverages at all. In 1968, the Virginia Legislature passed the Mixed Beverage Act, empowering counties and municipalities to decide for themselves (via voter referendums) whether to permit restaurant liquor sales.
The act also created the state's first version of the ratio. At the time it was a 50/50 ratio, meaning that restaurants were not allowed to make more money selling alcohol than they made from selling food. The law was amended numerous times over the years, reducing the ratio to 45/55. Arbitrarily and irrationally, beer and wine were eventually exempt from the ratio, allowing restaurants to sell them in unlimited quantities. (Nevermind that a 12-ounce beer and a 4-ounce glass of wine has as much alcohol as a 1-ounce shot of liquor.)
And because even more arbitrary decisions seemed to be in order, the Legislature eventually also carved out exceptions for a few favored venues (such as select racetracks and concert venues).
The ratio lives on because of a powerful group of established Richmond restaurateurs. They are quick to invoke the absolute horrors of bars and nightclubs dotting every Virginia street corner, alleging that repeal of the ratio would lead to an abundance of seedy, alcohol-infused, crime-infested neighborhoods. Some elected officials unabashedly peddle this hooey. Sounding more like a character from the Old West than a modern day Virginia legislator, Senate Minority Leader Richard Saslaw, D-Fairfax County, declared: “If you can't meet that ratio, you ain't running a restaurant, you are running a bar. If you want saloons in Virginia, say so.” Of course, the Legislature cannot “say so” if its barons refuse to permit a bill to be voted upon.
Needless to say, it's hard to believe the restaurant lobby and their supportive legislators really believe alcohol-fueled mayhem will ensue from allowing dive bar “saloons” to open. If they were, they would also demand beer and wine to be included in the ratio. Rather, they want to keep upstart competitors out of their territory. The ratio ensures that a new high-end cocktail bar won't open next door to an existing restaurant and drain its now-captive nighttime drinking crowd.
Thus are Virginians shut out of the nightlife scene. There's often nowhere they can go to enjoy venues like late-night jazz clubs or craft cocktail bars. The Virginia economy is also left out of the booming growth of the cocktail movement and remains trapped in the Prohibition Era by a few protectionist insiders. As the defenses of the food-drink ratio ring ever more anachronistic, hesitant Virginia legislators should finally take up this bar fight and put the ratio on ice for good.
Guest blogger C. Jarrett Dieterle is an attorney and policy writer in the Washington, D.C. area. This op-ed previously ran on the R Street Institute Blog.
The Washington Post reporter who spent the last year investigating President-elect Donald Trump's charitable giving admitted in a recent article to looking down the barrel of a “glitter gun” and shooting himself in the eye.
David Fahrenthold wrote an account of how he broke some big news on the Trump Foundation in the past year, including forcing Trump to admit his charity had not spent all the money he promised to give to veterans groups.
But Fahrenthold include a few weird paragraphs on how he shot himself in the eye with a glitter gun after getting home one night from doing TV spots.
Here's his account of what happened:
When I came home from my last TV hit, the kids, ages 4 and 5 months, were asleep. The house was quiet. I was still full of caffeine and do-gooder energy and decided to tidy up. Among the clutter on the coffee table, I found my 4-year-old's Party Popper, a bright yellow gun that fired confetti. For some reason, I held the gun up to my eye and looked down the barrel, the way Yosemite Sam always does. It looked unloaded. Then, for some reason, I pulled the trigger. When I got to the ER, I had a swollen face, metal-foil confetti in my hair and a faint odor of gun smoke. Finally, the doctor could see me. “I shot myself in the eye with a glitter gun,” I said. I showed him the Party Popper, which I had brought with me, in case he wanted to send it off to the National Institute of Morons for further study. I got home from the hospital with a scratched cornea and a tube of eye ointment. The next day, with some of my dignity permanently lost, I got started on a bigger story.
It's an odd non-sequitur, overall the piece is an interesting account of how Fahrenthold went about investigating Trump's charitable dealings during the 2016 campaign.
Fahrenthold even reported reading pundits “predicting that the presidential race itself would change” and that Trump's streak of being “immune to accountability” was over.
It wasn't and Trump won the election.
Follow Michael on Facebook and Twitter
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Adblock Plus will add a new feature this year that allows its users to automatically tip the websites they visit. Its intention is to "revolutionize web monetization" by getting rid of almost all ads and instead letting readers pay websites directly. Adblock will also keep some of the money for itself.
The new feature is being built in conjunction with Flattr, a service that lets users deposit money and then have that money distributed to websites. Any website that wants to participate has to sign up with Flattr. Flattr and Adblock will keep a combined 10 percent of all revenue passing through its system, according to The Wall Street Journal.
Disclosure: you are reading a website
Adblock Plus essentially views this feature as the solution to ads. The theory goes: Ads are bad, and people are totally willing to pay for content, so easily distributing money from readers to publishers will let ads die and make everyone happy.
There are some flaws in that logic, however. Ads may often be annoying, but they can pay at a scale that readers can't. Adblock Plus says its goal is to raise "raise a half billion dollars" for publishers in 2017 — which sounds nice, but a report from Adobe and PageFair found that ad blockers led to a loss of $22 billion in revenue during just the first seven months of 2015.
AdBlock Plus says its payment service, called Flattr Plus, will launch by the end of this year. It'll enter beta sometime this month and is already accepting signups at its website.
Disclosure: This author is employed by a website.
Disclosure: The Verge is a website.
Disclosure: The Verge is supported by ads.
Why Should I Avoid Sin If I'll Be Forgiven?
Statement
The blood of Jesus has paid for my sins, so I can do anything I like without worrying about the consequences.
Q1 Analysis
This is a Q1 violation if you believe that some things are wrong whether or not you will be punished for doing them, if you are wilfully misrepresenting your religion, or if you are using a religion that condemns your behavior as justification for your behavior.
Q2 Analysis
This is a Q2 violation if you would not want someone of a different religion to use their salvation as an excuse for escaping moral culpability. It is likely also a violation if you consider atheists (and those whose religion does not include post-life punishment) to be immoral when they act without fear of divine consequences.
Discussion
This statement has a several implied assumption:
That someone for whom "the blood of Jesus has paid for my sins" would want to sin.
That this payment applies to both past and future sins, regardless of the nature of those sins.
That a) there is no reason not to commit immoral acts if there will be no punishment, b) acts for which you will not be divinely punished are not immoral, c) nothing that a true Christian does is immoral, and/or d) an immoral act is permissible if a penalty has been paid before the act is committed.
Taking these in order, does your religion hold that someone who has accepted Jesus can no longer do wrong, will no longer desire to do wrong, is no longer responsible for the wrong they do, or something else? If you are using a religious system to justify your behavior, you need to make sure that your behavior is consistent with that religious system. Otherwise you are not practicing religious morality; you are picking and choosing religious beliefs in order to justify your actions.
Are you sure that the payment for your sins applies to all possible future sins? For example, if you were to deny the existence of God and turn to a life of crime, would you still face no punishment in the afterlife? If there are at least some possible future sins that have not been paid for, which are they?
Do you truly believe that avoiding divine punishment implies that you do not need to behave by moral rules? If you believe this, then by Q2 you are inviting atheists, those who do not believe in divine punishment, and others who share your beliefs to do whatever they want without fear of your condemning their behavior.
If you think that acts for which you will not be divinely punished are not immoral or that nothing a true Christian does is immoral, you are in an even worse position than someone who believes that avoiding divine punishment makes moral rules irrelevant. You not only cannot condemn the behavior of others who think as you do, you can't even call them immoral.
If Jesus has already paid for your sins, are you allowed to commit sins since they're already paid for? Similarly, if someone is wrongly imprisoned for murder and serves her sentence, would she be morally justified in committing a murder since she's already paid for one?
With all this in mind, which of the following statements are morally valid?
I sometimes take money from my mom's wallet because I know she'd forgive me if she found out.
You can't buy your way into Heaven with good works, so there's no reason I should give my money to charity.
The main characters in The Godfather were all good Christians.
were all good Christians. I believe in reincarnation and karma, so I'm going to go ahead and steal this bicycle — I'll pay for it in my next life.
You are encouraged to leave your answers to the questions posed in this post in the comments section. This post is based on an excerpt from Ask Yourself to be Moral, by D. Cancilla, available at LuLu.com and Amazon.com. See the 2Q system page for details of the philosophical system mentioned in this post.
A few weeks ago I got a frantic email from a fellow who wanted me to be an expert witness in a gun-related case. He included his lawyer's phone number, so I gave the lawyer a call to see what happened.
Here's what he told me: His client lives in an apartment building with underground parking and assigned spaces. For one reason or another, his client decided to park in another person's spot (We'll call him Mr. T.). Well, Mr. T. was not a happy camper about this, so he left a nasty note on the client's windshield along the lines of “never park in my spot again or bad things will happen.”
The client did not appreciate the note so he wrote an even “friendlier” note and taped it to the wall on Mr. T's spot. To make a long story short, these two very mature adults went back and forth trading nasty notes with each other… until one day, the client caught Mr. T. in the parking garage writing one of these notes.
A verbal argument ensued…
And the client said he turned his back to Mr. T. to read a note which had been taped on the parking garage wall. And that as he was reading the note, he thought he saw Mr. T. raise his hand over his head as if he was going to hit the client in the back of the head. At that moment, the client drew his firearm as he turned around and told Mr. T. to back off. (Mr. T. then called the police and the client was charged with brandishing.)
After this long story, the lawyer asked me if I would be an expert witness and I said: “sure I'll do it, but you're not going to like what I have to say”. The reason being, the client should not have drawn his gun, because this was not a deadly force situation.
You see, even though I'm not a lawyer myself (thank goodness) you have to remember that in order to draw your gun you must be in immediate fear for your life. You don't draw your gun to scare someone off, you don't draw the gun and shoot to “wound” someone either. If you're taking out your gun it's because you need to use it that instant because if you don't you might end up a dead man.
In the instance above…
The client saying “he thought he saw a raised fist” is not a reason to use deadly force. Had he said, he was sure he saw a knife or a baseball bat or a crowbar, then he would have been perfectly justified in drawing the gun – because those can obviously cause serious bodily injury, and he was 100% sure that's what he saw (even if he was later wrong.)
As any police officer will tell you, one of the most important things you must be able to do when you draw your gun is to be able to articulate the fear for your life. That's why in the case above if the fellow had drawn his gun because he saw a knife (which later turned out to be a cell phone) he would have been justified.
Believe me, I know we'd all like to draw our guns at the “jerks” we come across in life such as the guy driving slow in the left-hand lane who we've been flashing our high beams at to get over… or the rude person who insults your wife. But when these things happen you must swallow your pride and remember the only time your gun should be coming out of the holster is when you're prepared to pull the trigger and immediately stop the threat.
By the way, as I'm sure you've guessed, I did not end up being an expert witness in the guy's case and as soon as I told the lawyer why I wouldn't do it, he said to me “I was afraid you were going to say that.”
Government says it sees no merit in reopening issue, after committee of MPs said proposed change was unjustified
The government has confirmed that it will cut the number of MPs in the House of Commons from 650 to 600, rejecting a report by a cross-party committee of MPs that described the move as unjustified.
Responding to a report by the Commons political and constitutional committee published last March, the government said it saw “no merit in reopening the issue”, and it would press ahead with plans to reduce the number of MPs in parliament and to ensure that no constituency contained more than 5% above or below the national average number of voters.
The size of Westminster constituencies varies wildly, ranging from 21,769 voters in Na h-Eileanan an Iar (the Western Isles) to 108,804 in the Isle of Wight. The Conservative party manifesto contained a pledge to equalise the size of constituencies in order to “cut the cost of politics and make votes of more equal value”.
Studies have suggested that the changes could result in the Conservatives gaining up to 20 more seats in parliament, and Labour politicians have accused the government of pushing through the changes for party political gain.
The 2010 coalition agreement pledged the “creation of fewer and more equal-sized constituencies”, and the Parliamentary Voting System and Constituencies Act 2011 subsequently made provision to reduce the size of the House of Commons to 600 seats.
A review of constituency boundaries was due to be completed before last May's general election, but in January 2013 MPs voted to delay the decision. The new boundary review begins this year and will be published in 2018, with the new constituency borders implemented by the 2020 general election.
The political and constitutional committee's report argued that numbers of MPs should be whittled down gradually, rather than abolishing 50 constituencies in one go, and that ministers should allow a 10% deviation from the mean number of constituents.
The response from the Cabinet Office said a 10% leeway would be “too large and would undermine the basic principle of equally sized constituencies”.
It said: “Within the rules set out by the act, commissions can continue to take into account factors such as physical geographical features including mountains and rivers, local government boundaries and local ties, and the boundaries of existing constituencies.
“However, these factors are subject to the overriding principle of equality in constituency size, because the government remains of the view that equality and fairness must be paramount.”
Greetings denizen of Agon,
After two weeks of successful stress testing and a rather smooth launch, we now feel confident that we have a product to sell.
We decided that it was time to open the first version of our store for its own stress test. It will initially only allow for visa/master card payments, and we will expand its payment options as time goes by and we ensure its stability.
Now is time to spread the word far and wide! Darkfall is back and under new management, and it will be free to try out until the 25th of July.
After the 25th, Darkfall: New Dawn will enter its InDev period, which is a temporary “seasonal” server with a tiered reward system and a kickstart of the political meta game.
This server gets its name because it will be a relaunch of a mostly vanilla version of Darkfall, but in heavy development.
In last week's post we've gone over our progress so far and what our short term plans are. You can also read up on our patch notes and see what has already been accomplished in the past 2 weeks.
We are moving fast onto addressing most of the core issues of the Darkfall of yore, with many power gap and grind reduction changes already in place, and alignment adjustments coming in the near future.
If you've ever played Darkfall and felt it had untapped potential, then this release is for you. We are hell bent on addressing all its primary flaws.
Come join us in game!
Link to store.
Link to discussion thread.
Submitted by Bill Bonner via Acting Man blog,
Today is the big day. Investors are on the edges of their seats, waiting to find out what the Fed will do. Taper? No taper? Or maybe it will taper on the tapering off?
Our guess is the Fed will not commit to a serious program of reducing its support to the bond, equity and housing markets. It's too dangerous. Ben Bernanke – the man who didn't see the housing crash coming – won't want to see the stock market collapse just before he leaves office. He'll want to go out on a high note…
…and that means guaranteeing more liquidity.
Investors don't seem worried. On Monday, the Dow rose 130 points. Gold was up $10 an ounce. Most of the reports we read tell us the economy is improving. Unemployment is going down. Meanwhile, manufacturing levels are rising. Compared to Europe, the US is a powerhouse of growth and innovation, they say. Compared to emerging markets, it is a paragon of stability and confidence.
How much do investors love the US? Let us count the ways:
1. GDP per capita is running 7% – ahead of where it was in 2007. Among the world's major developed economies only Germany can boast of anything close. All the rest are falling behind.
2. The budget deficit – which was running at about 10% of GDP – is now down to just 4% of GDP.
3. Unemployment is going down, too. Heck, just 7 out of 100 Americans are officially jobless. Didn't Bernanke say he would tighten up when it hit that level?
4. And look at prices. Consumer price inflation is running at just 1% over the last 12 months. No threat from inflation, either.
Statistical Folderol
But wait …
What if all these things were delusions… statistical folderol… or outright lies? What if the true measures of the economy were feeble and disappointing? What if the US economy was only barely stumbling and staggering along?
Well, dear reader, you surely expect us to tell that the US economy is a hidden disaster… and we won't disappoint you. GDP? Carmen Reinhart studied the performance of rich economies following a financial crisis. Her paper, "After the Fall," showed that, six years after a crisis, per capita GDP was typically 1.5 percentage points lower than in the years before the crisis. But in the US, per capita GDP growth is running 2.1% lower than its pre-crisis level – significantly worse than average.
Deficits? Super-low interest rates have helped debtors everywhere. "Never have American companies brought a greater share of their sales to the bottom line," writes Bill Gross. How did they do that? Largely by taking advantage of the Fed's interest rate suppression program. But hey, the US government is the world's biggest debtor. It is the primary beneficiary of the Fed's miniscule rates.
That's part of the reason why deficits are low. Let the yield on the 10-year T-bond return to a "normal" 5%, and we'll see deficits soar again. (Interest payments, under this scenario, would add an additional $360 billion a year to the deficit.) Besides, it's not only the deficit that counts. It's also the total level of debt… and particularly the debt financed with funny money from the Fed.
Only twice in US history has the ratio of US Treasurys held at the Fed gone over 10% – once in 1944 and again today. The first time, it was a national emergency: World War II. Now, the Fed is merely fighting to protect a credit bubble.
Inflation? Yes, consumer price inflation is low. But what that shows are that real demand is still in a deleveraging trough. The money multiplier – the ratio of money supply to the monetary base – collapsed in 2008. It has not come back. Neither has the economy.
Unemployment? The rate has been doctored by removing people from the labor pool. The workforce is now smaller – as a percentage of the eligible pool – than at any time since 1978.
Besides, what is important is not the rate, but what people get from employment. On that score, it is a catastrophe. According to a Brookings Institution study, the average man of working age earns 19% less in real (inflation adjusted) terms today than he did during the Carter administration!
A Strange Kind of Recovery
What kind of economy is it that reduces a man's wages over a 43-year period? We don't know. But it's not likely to win any prizes. But why, with so many strikes against it, does the US economy still have the bat in its hands?
It's partly because the Fed has pumped up stock, bond and house prices – not to mention net corporate profit margins (by reducing the interest expenses on corporate debt) and consumer spending (through entitlement programs funded through the Treasury with ultra-low interest rates). So, the averages look pretty good… and they mask the ugliness beneath them.
The rich got richer on the Fed's EZ money. But the average "capita" is actually poorer. The bottom 90% of the population – people in 9 houses out of 10 – have 10% less income than they had 10 years ago.
This is not a success story. It's a disaster. And not one that tempts us into and overvalued US stock market.
As Rick Santelli previously raged...
On CNBC and all the channels that cover business, we have person after person, buy side, sell side, upside, downside: How is the economy? Economy is great.
What about stocks? You got to buy them.
What if they break? You have to buy the dips.
What's wrong with the economy? I don't hear these people saying anything is wrong with the economy. So what's wrong, Ben? Why can't we get out of crisis management mode? There's always going to be something. ... Why don't these people kick the tires? They take a press release from the Federal Reserve and they think it was written by God.
Santelli demands we ask Bernanke - "what are you scared of," that keeps you pumping this much money into the system for this long?
Simply put, Santelli's epic rant is the filter that every investor (or member of the public) should be viewing financial media and the Fed today (or in fact every day).
With the September 18 elections in Berlin, the right-wing populist Alternative for Germany (AfD) is expected to enter the 10th regional parliament in Germany.
While the AfD is drawing voters from all mainstream parties, the bleeding is strongest for Angela Merkel's Christian Democratic Union (CDU). The AfD has succeeded at turning regional elections into referenda on the chancellor's refugee policy.
On September 4, in Merkel's home state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern the AfD even managed to gain more votes than the CDU, dealing the chancellor's party a highly symbolic defeat. Now polling between 9 and 14 percent nationwide, the AfD is likely to enter parliament with a strong showing in the autumn of 2017.
The rise of the AfD
This marks the decisive end of German exceptionalism on populism. While for years right-wing populist forces have had strong presence in all of its neighbours, they did not seem to have much luck in Germany.
For years, Merkel seemed to be able to defy political gravity. She pulled her conservative CDU towards the centre-left, made it more social-democratic (by protecting and partly expanding social security benefits), greener (by promising to end the use of nuclear power) and more open to Islam (by stating that Islam is a part of Germany).
She gained a considerable amount of centrist voters and did not seem to have to pay any price for it since no party was able to establish itself to the right of the CDU.
Staying in the centre seems a sensible path for the CDU. This would acknowledge that it likely cannot prevent the very existence of a party such as the AfD to its right which has become a fixture of all 'normal' European countries.
Despite years of Euro crisis, the AfD received only 4.7 percent of the nationwide vote in the 2013 parliamentary elections.
This all changed with the mass arrival of (mostly Muslim) refugees. The party decisively morphed into a nativist, anti-Islam force and has scored double-digit results in all regional elections since the autumn of 2015.
Cornered by the AfD
Now facing a strong populist pull, governing in a centrist fashion will become harder for Merkel, whom AfD vice-chair Gauland derides as a "chancellor-dictator". On refugees and migration, the AfD favours Australian-style detention centres on yet uninhabited island territories and is in favour of introducing full-fledged border controls within the European Union passport-free Schengen area.
AfD leader Frauke Petry advocated using firearms to restrict border crossings of "illegal migrants" into Germany. On refugees, Merkel has already adjusted her stance most significantly. She now emphasises controlling the EU's external borders, improving conditions for refugees in the Middle East and Africa, and keeping as many refugees out of Europe as possible.
Germany has already tightened its asylum rules and is starting to enforce the deportation of rejected asylum seekers with greater vigour.
For Merkel, communicating this change of approach more forcefully (something she has steadfastly refused to do over the the past year) could therefore go a long way in terms of countering the radical AfD proposals.
OPINION: Turkey's visa ordeal and Europe's refugee deal
In addition, there will be additional pressure on Merkel to soften her line vis-a-vis Russian President Vladimir Putin. The stance of the AfD towards authoritarian regimes such as Russia is remarkable. The AfD party platform clearly states the principle of "not interfering with the domestic matters of other states".
The AfD has been one of the strongest pro-Putin forces in German politics. According to a recent poll, 30 percent of AfD voters trust Putin more than they trust Merkel.
In the same vein, while nominally in favour of NATO and "Westbindung" (Germany's anchoring in the West), the AfD demands the assertion of German sovereignty by getting rid of all United States troops on German soil and all nuclear weapons stationed in Germany.
Regressive rhetoric
Still, compared with her counterparts in Austria and France, Merkel is still in a more comfortable position.
As centre-left leaders, French President Francois Hollande and Austrian Chancellor Christian Kern have to contend with two main parties to their right competing for who is the toughest on migrants, refugees, Muslims and the EU. Merkel only faces the AfD to her right.
For the time being, Merkel's biggest danger is the rising nervousness within her own party and the Christian Social Union (CSU), the CDU's Bavarian sister. Her internal critics demand drastic changes towards immigration and the role of Islam in order to put the AfD genie back into the bottle.
OPINION: Three paths to European disintegration
Over the past weeks, CDU and CSU officials have floated a number of ideas from a ban on the burka to outlawing dual citizenship - targeting Turkish Germans.
Merkel joined into the populist chorus for the first time two weeks ago when she demanded that all those with Turkish roots living in Germany "develop a high degree of loyalty to our country".
In return, she promised to "try to have an open ear for their concerns". This patronising language endangers the significant progress that has been made thanks to a more open position of the CDU on Islam in Germany.
Merkel's CDU needs to choose whether it wants to be a modern and open conservative party or one that incorporates a hardliner wing with AfD views.
The laws of political gravity seem to dictate that you cannot be both. And even if you play to the right, you have no guarantee that voters won't go for the AfD original.
Therefore, staying in the centre seems a sensible path for the CDU. This would acknowledge that it is unlikely to be able to prevent the very existence of a party such as the AfD to its right which has become a fixture of all "normal" European countries.
But what it can do is keep the seemingly unavoidable populist right small by winning back the trust of many citizens currently casting their protest vote with the AfD.
Thorsten Benner is director of the Global Public Policy Institute (GPPi) in Berlin.
The views expressed in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect Al Jazeera's editorial policy.
Darien Long, property manager of the Atlanta Metro Mall and darling of justice-related subreddits, is out of a job.
In an interview with Right This Minute, Long said that his last day on the job will be March 31. A representative for the broadcast news program told The Huffington Post that Long was fired because of publicity surrounding two videos he recorded on the job.
Long, who carries a firearm and a Taser stun gun, has a GoPro camera mounted on a bulletproof vest. His videos, which can be viewed on the YouTube channel "KickAssMallCop," document the guard's confrontations with people in the mall. Some show Long stunning people with Taser weapons.
Update: Mar. 21, 3:30 p.m. -- In a phone interview with The Huffington Post, Darien Long clarified that the official reason he lost his job was because "revenues were down due to two vendors leaving" the Atlanta Metro Mall.
Long tied the departure of the vendors to an increase in police raids targeting merchants who sell counterfeit goods at the mall. Whereas he said such raids generally occur about once a year, two raids recently occurred in the space of four months.
The property manager believes that the crackdown is linked to the publicity generated by his videos, and others posted to Atlanta's Downtown Criminal Culture, a Facebook page administered by Long and some associates.
Long told HuffPost that his videos brought attention to crime in the area and made the police look bad. For this reason, he believes there were "political reasons" behind his firing.
"If they get rid of me, the videos stop coming out of that area," Long told HuffPost.
A representative for Right This Minute later clarified that the loss of Long's job was "a combination of publicity and other elements, which [Long] addressed in the video."
Previously:
In his interview with Right This Minute, Long indicated that bad business may have contributed to the loss of his job.
"You could kind of see the writing on the wall. Two of the vendors [are] actually leaving, revenues are down. There's a whole bunch of stuff going on," Long said.
During the interview, Long admitted that his aggressive style might make it hard to find employment in the security industry, adding that some employers might be "more concerned about their liability than what's going on."
Long became the beneficiary of a crowd-sourced fundraising campaign earlier this year after one of his videos went viral on Reddit. More than $23,000 was ultimately raised for Long via Crowdtilt.
Reddit user reactions to the news of Long's job were mixed. Some were convinced that the job loss was the best thing for Long's safety, while others were critical of his approach to keeping the peace.
"The last video I saw [the] dude went way too far. He was instigating the arguments and fights, putting his hands on people, pushing them when there was no reason for it. He tazed the one guy for no reason," user "philhouse64" wrote. "Just goes to show what a little power and fame can do to a person. He was security guard, not a cop."
Sarah F. Cliffe, a former United Nations assistant secretary general who is now director of the Center on International Cooperation, a research organization at New York University, said she expected a reprise of the tensions that erupted between the United States and the United Nations during the administration of President George W. Bush. John R. Bolton, who was ambassador to the United Nations under Mr. Bush, once said the United Nations would be more effective without its top 10 floors, where its senior leaders have their offices. Mr. Bolton is one of Mr. Trump's many would-be candidates for secretary of state.
But Ms. Cliffe said Mr. Trump may also find the United Nations useful.
“He prides himself on making deals,” she said. “The U.N. is the forum where countries make deals in their own national interests but that also does some collective good.”
His own comments about the United Nations are difficult to parse. At a 2005 Senate hearing about planned renovations of the United Nations headquarters, he described himself as “a big fan” and said that “the concept of the United Nations and the fact that the United Nations is in New York is very important to me and very important to the world as far as I am concerned.”
As one of Manhattan's pre-eminent builders, he also offered to handle the renovation at half the price. In 2012, he complained on Twitter about the marble behind the speaker's lectern at the General Assembly hall, claiming he could build it better.
Greetings, fair Norrathians!
The team has been busier than a pack of Brownies in a bag of catnip! There's plenty coming up this year, so let's get right to it, shall we?!
First, on Tuesday, May 9th we are launching the first of our Level 100 Co-opetition Challenges in the Proving Grounds! What the heck is “co-opetition”? Well…Cooperative Competition, of course!
In teams, you can compete side-by-side with other groups – and even sabotage their progress – as you mow through baddies so you can win! Why win? For new loot and bragging rights! We will start with one Co-opetition Challenge and switch it out with a new match type or layout periodically. Woot!
But what if you aren't level 100?! We've got your back! If your EverQuest II account was created before today (April 20, 2017), you will be able to claim one free Level 100 Boost Bauble for one character. The Boost Bauble offer will begin on Tuesday, May 9 around noon PDT and end on Monday, May 22 at 11:59PM PDT. The Boost Bauble will get a single character to level 100 (if it is below that level) and grant you a set of gear that will allow you to jump right into the Co-opetition Challenge and compete. The Boost also makes characters heroic enough for Kunark Ascending expansion content! If you have a new account created today or later, you can claim a Boost Bauble if you buy an active membership during the date and time ranges noted above.
If you want to check out the action, we will be livestreaming the morning it goes live! Come watch as developers show off their first foray in the Proving Grounds as they try to win against a team of players. Details of the livestream are below and we hope you can join us!
When: Tuesday, May 9 at 10:00AM PDT
Where: www.facebook.com/EverQuest2
At the same time, you can bid a warm welcome to a new feature: Familiars! Norrathians will begin to form lifelong bonds with mysterious, menagerie creatures. These creatures grant their owners benefits and bonuses that will take your hero to new heights! (Some Familiars will give players stats that allow them to go beyond stat caps!) Familiars will drop in the Proving Grounds as well as Kunark Ascending missions and public quests!
Not only all that, but we are preparing to release another Time-Locked Expansion Progression Server called “Fallen Gate” this summer. This particular server is unique in a few ways. I call it the “Heritage Hoarder” server. Why? Every Heritage quest you complete will enable all the characters on your account to claim new Heritage rewards! Expansions on Fallen Gate are set to unlock every twelve weeks. The dates will be on a schedule we will make available.
For more details on all this news and more on Fallen Gate, please read Kander's Candor post here.
Also, in case there was any doubt, I wanted to share that we have been working on this year's expansion for quite a while now. Look for more on that coming later in the year.
As we head into the summer, we wanted to renew our commitment to chatting with players. I invited Lauren McLemore, our producer, to tell you more about our in-game chat plans and more!
Sincerely, as ever,
Holly “Windstalker” Longdale
Hello friends!
I'm very happy to announce that Windstalker, Kander, and I, along with some other team members, will be hosting Ask Me Anything's on live servers later this month! We want to get in the game and hear from you. To that end, each server will have its own timeslot so everyone will have the chance to come and chat with us. These AMA's will be spread out over April 26th through May 1st and each is planned to last an hour. We'll do our best to answers as many of your questions as we can!
You can find the detailed schedule of the AMA's near the bottom of Kander's Candor.
This will be my very first AMA and I can't wait for the chance to talk with all of you. Be sure to get all of your questions ready! I'm really excited for everything upcoming and hope you all are too!
Until then,
Lauren “Mooncast” McLemore
On Friday, October 16th (yes, that's THIS coming Friday!) Beach House will release Thank Your Lucky Stars, their second LP of 2015. The album (recorded during the same two month span as Depression Cherry) is now available for preorder through Sub Pop Mega Mart, Bandcamp, Amazon, iTunes, and will be available at your local independent purveyor of fine records this Friday, Oct. 16th.
Beach House also issued this note about the special release:
“Thank Your Lucky Stars is our sixth full length record. It was written after Depression Cherry from July 2014 - November 2014 and recorded during the same session as Depression Cherry. The songs came together very quickly and were driven by the lyrics and the narrative. In this way, the record feels very new for us, and a great departure from our last few records. Thematically, this record often feels political. It's hard to put it into words, but something about the record made us want to release it without the normal “campaign.” We wanted it to simply enter the world and exist. Thank you very much, Beach House”
LP and digital copies of the album will be available beginning Friday, October 16th, with the CD version following on Friday, October 30th. LP preorders through megamart.subpop.com will receive the limited “Loser” edition on green vinyl (while supplies last).
Beach House's worldwide tour in support of both Depression Cherry & Thank Your Lucky Stars resumes on October 24th at Belfast's Mandela Hall, and their 2015 dates end with a sold-out 3-night stand December 17-19 in San Francisco at The Fillmore. (details below)
In further exciting news, Beach House will appear on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert on Friday, October 16th (at 11:35pm ET / 10:35pm CT), so set those DVR's, folks.
Tour Dates
Oct. 24 - Belfast, UK - Mandela Hall
Oct. 25 - Dublin, IE - Vicar Street
Oct. 26 - Glasgow, UK - ABC
Oct. 27 - Manchester, UK - The Ritz
Oct. 29 - Paris, FR - Pitchfork Music Festival
Oct. 30 - London, UK - Shepherds Bush Empire
Oct. 31 - London, UK - Shepherds Bush Empire [Sold Out]
Nov. 02 - Amsterdam, NL - Paradiso
Nov. 03 - Brussels, BE - Autumn Falls @ AB [Sold Out]
Nov. 04 - Koln, DE - Gloria
Nov. 05 - Luxemborg, LU - Den Atelier
Nov. 07 - Reykjavik, IS - Iceland Airwaves
Nov. 10 - Oslo, NO - Sentrum Scene
Nov. 11 - Gothenburg, SE - Tradgarn
Nov. 12 - Stockholm, SE - Debaser Medis [Sold Out]
Nov. 13 - Copenhagen DK - Vega [Sold Out]
Nov. 14 - Hamburg, DE - Kampnagel K1
Nov. 16 - Berlin, DE - Huxley's
Nov. 17 - Munich, DE - Freiheiz
Nov. 18 - Lausanne, CH - Les Docks
Nov. 20 - Barcelona, ES - Apolo [Sold Out]
Nov. 22 - Madrid, ES - La Riviera
Nov. 23 - Lisbon, PT - Armazén
Nov. 24 - Porto, PT - Teatro sa da Bandeira
Dec. 07 - Santa Ana, CA - The Observatory [Sold Out]
Dec. 09 - Los Angeles, CA - The Fonda Theatre [Sold Out]
Dec. 10 - Los Angeles, CA - The Fonda Theatre [Sold Out]
Dec. 11 - Los Angeles, CA - The Fonda Theatre [Sold Out]
Dec. 12 - Los Angeles, CA - The Fonda Theatre [Sold Out]
Dec. 17 - San Francisco, CA - The Fillmore [Sold Out]
Dec. 18 - San Francisco, CA - The Fillmore [Sold Out]
Dec. 19 - San Francisco, CA - The Fillmore [Sold Out]
For ticket info please visit http://www.beachhousebaltimore.com/tour.
Luckily, most of our typos don't wind up changing world history. Not everyone is so lucky.
We've all experienced the sting of the typo. Whether it's spelling your boss Ted's name with an A and two S's in a company wide email or listing "jail" as your previous residence on a job application, they can happen to anyone, and often at the most unfortunate times.
7 The Source of Spinach's Power
Popeye the Sailor Man: you gotta love him. He talks like he's been using his head to hammer nails for the past eight decades, likes his girls anorexic, starts more fights than Joe Biden on a month-long speech bender and sports enormous forearms that Mark McGwire can only whack off to. The source of his powers: spinach.
Back when steroids came in a can.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The Typo:
Unfortunately, it turns out that spinach's claim to fame can be attributed to a typo from the 19th century, followed by one of the greatest conspiracies in the history of agriculture.
A 1870 German study that served as the basis for Popeye's spinach-fueled 'roid rage accidentally printed the decimal place for spinach's iron content one spot too far to the right. For our non-mathematically inclined readers, that means the report claimed the vegetable had 10 times its actual amount of iron, which ended up equaling out to almost as much as red meat.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Scott Pruitt, Donald Trump's pick to head the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, has fought President Barack Obama's measures to curb climate change at every turn as attorney general of Oklahoma. Now he is hoping to take apart Obama's environmental legacy from the inside out, a task that could prove tougher than it sounds.
Scott Pruitt Attorney General of Oklahoma arrives to meet with U.S. President-elect Donald Trump at Trump Tower in Manhattan, New York City, U.S., December 7, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
Legal experts and former EPA officials said Pruitt could score some early easy wins in January, killing regulations the Obama administration rushed through during his final months in office, such as the agency's rule to curb methane emissions from the oil and gas industry.
That is because a little-used law called the Congressional Review Act allows Congress to erase such ‘midnight' rules with a simple majority vote, something that should come easily in the Republican-controlled Congress.
But regulations that have been on the books for longer, most of those Obama ushered through during his two four-year terms, will be more difficult to reverse, experts on both sides of the political divide said.
For these regulations, which include the Clean Power Plan that requires states to cut carbon output, along with vehicle emissions standards, Pruitt will have just a handful of options, none of them easy, and nearly all of them triggering drawn out legal battles against well-funded environmental groups and attorneys general from Democratic Party-controlled states.
The outcomes of these battles will have broad impacts on American industry, air and water quality, and the country's role in global climate change, which an overwhelming majority of scientists say is causing sea level rise, increased droughts, and more frequent violent storms.
Republican Trump campaigned on a promise to slash regulation to free up drilling and coal mining, something he said was possible without compromising air and water quality. He vowed that within his first 100 days in office he would rescind Obama's Clean Power Plan, eliminate “unwarranted restrictions” on hydraulic fracturing oil drilling technology, cut “outdated” regulations, and pull the country out of a global pact to curb warming of the planet.
Trump's transition team named Pruitt as his pick to lead the EPA on Thursday, cheering industry and enraging green groups – both sides citing the 48-year-old lawyer's repeated lawsuits against the agency he now seems destined to lead.
Pruitt did not respond to requests for comment.
ROUNDS OF LITIGATION
One of the first categories of established EPA regulation that Pruitt may target are those that are already being challenged in court: the Clean Power Plan and the Waters of the United States Act, which expands the number of waterways that are federally protected.
As state prosecutor in oil- and gas-producing Oklahoma, Pruitt joined coordinated legal efforts by states to block these rules, calling them examples of federal overreach. As head of the EPA, Pruitt will likely try to take the simple step of halting the EPA's defense of these regulations.
Jody Freeman, a law professor at Harvard University, said such a move could create complications for the EPA, however, as it may be required legally to explain and support the change in direction.
And even if the EPA was able to withdraw its defense for the rules, other interested parties, including state governments and businesses, could intervene to defend them - raising the specter of a lengthy court battle.
New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman said he is “leading a coalition of states that is already aggressively fighting back against efforts to reverse the progress this country has made in combating climate change over the past eight years.” California Governor Jerry Brown's top aide Nancy McFadden said California will “stand our ground” against attempts to gut EPA rules.
Another option Pruitt could take would be to challenge the very basis upon which Obama's EPA created many of its climate change focused regulations: its finding that carbon dioxide endangers public health. Successfully overturning the so-called “endangerment finding” would remove the foundation upon which most of the administration's clean air regulations were based, experts said.
But doing so would be hard given the volumes of scientific research that support it, and the requirement to build up a new case that shows carbon dioxide is innocuous.
The effort would likely also trigger lawsuits. The DC Circuit Court of Appeals, which hears all cases challenging federal clean air rules, has been supportive of the scientific evidence for manmade climate change.
“I do think that the new administration will have to expend substantial effort for a rule that rolls back or repeals the endangerment finding to withstand legal challenges,” said Megan Berge, a lawyer for Baker Botts who represent power companies.
David Doniger, a lawyer for the Natural Resources Defense Council, said he believed “there is no chance you could get either the DC Circuit, or Supreme Court, to find that CO2 and other pollutants don't endanger public welfare and health.”
Bob Perciasepe, former Deputy EPA Administrator under Obama, said challenging the endangerment finding would have to be done through the Administrative Procedures Act, which outlines a long process of gathering and considering public feedback.
Pruitt could also try to undo the existing regulations using the same steps Obama's EPA used for adopting them, legal experts and former government officials said. But that is a months-long process of proposal, public engagement and public comment that would lead to heated debate and potential litigation.
Perhaps easiest would be to slash staff and reduce the agency's funding, making it powerless to enforce its own rules. In this case, as with the others, Pruitt seems likely to be taken to court.
“I stand ready to use the full power of my office to compel their enforcement by the agency,” said New York's Schneiderman.
Susan Dudley, a top regulatory official under President George W. Bush, who also attempted to shrink EPA regulation, said campaign promises to gut the government bureaucracy can be tough to fulfill.
“None of those initiatives has succeeded at accomplishing more than minor changes at the margin,” she said.
The Canadian Press
OTTAWA - Leader Justin Trudeau says a Liberal government would repeal the Conservative government's two-tier citizenship law, and ensure a strong and united Canada where all citizens are treated equally.
Trudeau told Canada's largest Islamic conference on Saturday that "Liberals believe in a Canada that is united -- strong not in spite of its differences, but precisely because of them."
Trudeau told the gathering in Mississauga, Ont. that under Stephen Harper, Canadians are being encouraged to be fearful of one another, and there has been a decline in family reunification, refugees, and citizenship applicants.
He said Harper and NDP Leader Tom Mulcair are playing the politics of division and fear, while his party will ensure a more equal society.
Harper spoke to the group Friday, mentioning the issue of homegrown terrorism and praising Muslim leaders for their efforts to curb youth radicalization.
Harper had no public campaign events planned this weekend and NDP Leader Tom Mulcair is off the campaign trail until Sunday.
Think Progress caught something you rarely see on tape, but it is prevalent in our political culture–it is a politician directly begging a billionaire one-on-one for money. Here is Sen. Scott Brown telling David Koch how helpful the thousands he funneled into his last race were and how he would like some more this time.
Running a campaign for Congress is very expensive, so you either need to be an ultra-rich, self-financed person, or you need to spend a lot of time asking a lot of ultra-rich people, like David Koch, to give your campaign money.
The problem, of course, is that members of Congress spend much of their time only talking with rich people and hearing about the concerns of rich, as the Gov. Walker prank call showed. Knowing they are going to spend a large part of their day asking rich people to give them money, they often end up spending a lot of time thinking about what would make very rich people happy. For example, how happy it would make billionaire hedge fund managers to keep in place the carried interest loophole that allows them to pay lower taxes than teachers.
Of course, if we at least had a voluntary public campaign finance system, like most other democracies, we could have some people running–viably running–for Congress who spend most of their time taking with regular voters instead of trying to make rich people like them enough to give them money.
But until that happens, members of Congress are going to continue to be like Scott Brown. They will spend a lot of time listening to the weird ideas of a handful of billionaires who spend millions on elections, and they will make sure to vote the right way, so these billionaires will continue to show them financial love in the next election.
Look, the basketball: it was good. But, with the exception of a wild Game 4, the NBA Finals unfolded as expected: The Warriors dominated and destroyed the Cavaliers, despite Cleveland's best efforts.
While the final result wasn't surprising, we did have some twists and turns along the way. From Rihanna's appearance, to J.R. Smith's deleted tweet, to KD and Steph's moms dancing after a win, here are the best moments of the 2017 NBA Finals.
1. When Rihanna won Game 1
Rihanna showed up courtside and walked by Jeff Van Gundy, who was all of us when he yelled, “ARE YOU KIDDING ME?”
Things only got better from there. Rihanna's a huge LeBron fan, so she bowed to him during the game at one point, then turned around to dab on the fans who told her to sit down. Never tell Rihanna to sit down.
Amazing.
Rihanna bows to LeBron then hits a dab and small waves a Warriors fan telling her to sit down.
pic.twitter.com/q0IyIPIbGK — Rob Perez (@World_Wide_Wob) June 2, 2017
Not long after, Rihanna's long time friend and assistant Jenn Rosales yelled out “BRIIIICK” during a Durant free throw. Durant then appeared to stare Rihanna down after nailing a three-pointer, though that depends on who you ask. He wouldn't confirm or deny. But, I mean ... show me a world in which Rihanna doesn't get in someone's head, and I'll show you a world in which a current NBA team can beat the Warriors.
Steph Curry tried to play it off like Rihanna didn't have everyone completely shaken, saying that she's never been on a Warriors locker-room playlist. Which is clearly their loss: There are few songs inspire the vanquishing of enemies like Desperado.
2. When it came out that LeBron and KD once recorded a rap song together
The track is ... something. I mean, it's not good. I mean, it's bad. Let's hope these guys don't quit their day jobs to pursue their art anytime soon.
3. When Jay-Z taught the world how to take a truly great candid photo
He's a pro.
4. When we learned that JaVale McGee has a hairless cat named Raja
Where were you when you realized that JaVale McGee not only owns a sphynx cat named Raja, but has created an Instagram account for her?
Where were you when you realized she gets massages?
5. When we all got to meet LintBron James
I am not in the business of being speechless, but this sculpture made out of 30 pounds of dryer lint rendered me completely mute.
LintBron James. She said she made this out of 30 pounds of dryer lint. pic.twitter.com/brkeeITHYn — J.A. Adande (@jadande) June 7, 2017
Breathtaking.
6. When the dude washing the court pulled off the most incredible scooting motion America has ever seen
But you'll just have to take a look and decide that for yourself.
7. When KD and Steph's moms got super amped together after their sons won Game 3
Do you know how incredible it feels to watch your son torch another team in the NBA Finals? Unless your son is an NBA player, then no, you don't. Seems pretty great, if this video of Sonya Curry and Wanda Durant celebrating after their sons won Game 3 is any indication.
MAMA CURRY AND MAMA DURANT ARE HYPE A post shared by NBC SPORTS BAY AREA (@nbcsauthentic) on Jun 7, 2017 at 8:55pm PDT
8. When Mark Jackson said “full steam of head” instead of “full steam ahead”
LOL! I could be wrong (gotta check the facts) but I'm pretty sure this was the greatest mix up in the history of the English language. “Play it by year” and “in eggshell sits Deio” have nothing on “full steam of head.”
Slightly related: Highly recommend saying “that train has sailed” or “whatever toots your boat” in everyday conversation. Really kicks people for a loop.
9. When Kyle Korver dunked and Draymond Green smiled
Even Draymond Green liked Kyle Korver's dunk.
( Kyle Terada-USA Today) pic.twitter.com/wmYb003B5Z — SB Nation (@SBNation) June 8, 2017
Look, it's not every day that we get a Korver dunk, OK? Even Draymond realized this was something special to behold.
10. When Steph Curry appeared to maybe pretend to poop on the court and then said he didn't (I know, I can't believe this is where we are, either)
There was this whole thing where Steph squatted down on the court at one point during Game 3, and everyone was like, “Oooooh Steph mimed pooping on the floor!”
So a reporter asked about it:
“Steph, I'm sorry we keep asking you about squatting, but while Draymond and Steve were arguing with the ref and one of them got the technical, it looked like you squatted down. And were you just stretching there, and what did Richard Jefferson say to you?”
“Are you serious right now?” Curry said to the reporter.
“You got to be better,” Durant added.
Sports writers, folks.
11. When Jeff Van Gundy defended Khloe Kardashian?
JVG went on this whole soliloquy about how people should stop saying that Khloe is the reason Tristan Thompson has been playing badly. JVG: not a fan of the Kardashian Kurse.
12. When Dwyane Wade showed up in a tracksuit to Game 4, and the internet roasted him for it
Everybody had jokes when D. Wade appeared on the sidelines dressed like Usher.
13. When Draymond did or didn't get a technical for elbowing Iman Shumpert in the head
I mean, he did. But then when he got another technical, the refs said that the first technical was supposed to be on Steve Kerr, so Draymond didn't end up getting tossed out of the game. Which is totally fine and normal and not at all something that would make anyone suggest the NBA is in anyway (to quote Ayesha Curry) “absolutely rigged for money.”
14. This goddamn self-alley-oop from LeBron James ...
LeBron makes me hyperaware of my physical limitations. How do you DO THIS in the middle of a GAME?!
15. ... which J.R. Smith credited to the fact that LeBron is a Gatorade Baby
JR in LeBron's self alley-oop: 'He's a Gatorade baby. He was made in a lab somewhere.' pic.twitter.com/41CEC3Trfx — Sports Illustrated (@SInow) June 10, 2017
What on God's green Earth is a Gatorade Baby, J.R.? The “made in a lab” part I largely agree with, given what LeBron can do, but the Gatorade part is giving me pause. Maybe J.R. is referring to those 90s ads where Mia Hamm ran around to that “Everything you can do I can do better” song.
Or maybe this doesn't make sense nor mean anything, but we're going to roll with it because it's J.R.
16. When the third quarter of Game 4 turned into a WWE match
LeBron and KD mouthed off at each other, Draymond almost got ejected ... we were one metal ladder away from Undertaker coming out of retirement to drop Kerr with a piledriver.
17. When the Warriors blew a 3-0 lead and the internet exploded with 3-1 lead jokes
They wrote themselves. And namely consisted of: Remember that time the Warriors blew a 3-1 in the 2016 Finals with the first-ever unanimous MVP?
18. When Draymond basically called all of Cleveland stupid
I mean, if you're going to play games like WWE matches, you can't begrudge Draymond for really leaning into his role as a heel.
Cavs fans don't like Draymond. The feeling is mutual. A post shared by SB Nation (@sbnation) on Jun 9, 2017 at 10:32pm PDT
19. When Snoop Dogg showed up to Game 5 dressed like Merlin
Maybe he didn't get the memo that D.C. wasn't in the finals, because he was doing his best Wizard impression.
Snoop x 40 Water x Stephen A pic.twitter.com/dWMcogXFDk — Bay Area Sports Guy (@BASportsGuy) June 13, 2017
20. When LeBron dunked KD through space and time back to Oklahoma City in Game 5
The laws of physics don't apply when you're LeBron James.
21. When David West and Tristan Thompson got into a fight and accidentally kissed in Game 5
Things got heated on the court when West rebounded a layup that Kyrie missed in the second quarter of Game 5, and then Kyrie tried to take the ball back. West snapped, then Thompson got involved, and then all hell broke loose when the two big basketball men appeared to kiss each other before refs and teammates separated them.
The Bachelorette might've gotten pushed from Monday night because of Game 5, but at least we still got a make out. It raised the very important question: Is kissing on the court a technical foul?
22. When the intimate moments continued, and Draymond caught Klay and held him up in Game 5
“Never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down, never gonna turn around and desert youuuu...”
23. When the Warriors pulled away like a getaway car leaving a bank, went up 122 to 110 with three and a half minutes left, and we were all like, oh, that's right. The Warriors have Kevin Durant. And this is all over. And it's ending just the way we thought it would, only one game later, so we still got to make our 3-1 lead jokes, and now we can all go to sleep and wake up next June when the Warriors are in the Finals again
^That's all I have to say about that.
24. When Wanda Durant also deserved to get a ring
KD and the real MVP ❤️ pic.twitter.com/LSPNrz00nO — SB Nation (@SBNation) June 13, 2017
25. OK, fine, here's a celebration picture because KD's mom is in it
26. And the best GIF of all time, maybe
When it's a school night but ur parents let u stay out past ur bedtime pic.twitter.com/yUP8jMvXMH — Pete Blackburn (@PeteBlackburn) June 13, 2017
Congrats, Warriors, on the basketball.
27. And finally, here it is, the best moment of the Finals: When J.R. Smith tweeted and then deleted “Cavs in 7”
Minutes after Game 3 ended, a tweet appeared on J.R. Smith's timeline that said “Cavs in 7.” He or someone else deleted the tweet after it had racked up close to 40,000 retweets.
In the parking lot after the game, J.R. claimed he was hacked (classic) but that he agreed with whoever sent it.
Who knows. Maybe J.R. sent it. Maybe J.R. was hacked. But you know what? It doesn't matter. Because that transparency — whether it was Russell Westbrook's pettiness, or Draymond's taunts, or the Celtics showing up to Game 6 against the Wizards in D.C. wearing all black — was what kept us on our toes this NBA season. We all knew what would happen. We all expected to be here. It was the little dramas, the glorious gossip, the deleted tweets that gave it life.
So here's to next season. The Warriors just dunked on a year's worth of 3-1 lead jokes, and it's hard to imagine a world in which we don't find ourselves right back here when June comes around again. So, to that I say: Cavs in 7, Gatorade babies.
Follow @big_inning
TOP OF THE EIGHTH: DIAMONDBACKS 9 (4) – 2 CARDINALS
I check the MLB Gameday feed and see this in the 8th inning: Single to center fielder Jeremy Hazelbaker. Below that: Single to center fielder Jeremy Hazelbaker. Again: Single to center fielder Jeremy Hazelbaker. And for the coup de grâce, the quadruple-stacked burger of cardinal meat, there's a fourth update: Single to center fielder Jeremy Hazelbaker.
Has this happened before? It must be approaching some kind of MLB record. Jeremy Hazelbaker standing there in the outfield grass, fielding hit after hit, like he's at the bottom of a giant grass funnel, endowed with powers he can use only for team-sabotage and not offense, wondering—is this ever going to end?
Someone should check the ball for doctoring. And keep an eye on Hazelbaker. He might be ready for a world record yet, knocking off the world champ from his unappreciated perch–most magnetic man alive.
So with Jonathan Broxton on the mound in relief, Jake Lamb comes up first for the Diamondbacks, sneaking a ground-ball single down the left-field line past a diving Matt Carpenter.
It's another long bullpen night for the Cardinals, with Carlos Martinez done after five so-so innings, and Michael Wacha having imploded the night before. See Big Inning #38.
First-base coach Dave McKay whispers in Lamb's ear, whipping out a stopwatch to time Broxton's delivery, peering out behind half-shaded sunglasses almost matching the charcoal gray of Arizona's new uniforms. There's a familiarity with McKay and Busch Stadium, having assistant-coached the '06 and '11 Cardinals champs, and just now the camera cuts up to his old boss, Tony La Russa, taking notes up in one of the executive boxes, now CBO for the Diamondbacks.
Lamb takes a lead, McKay steps back onto the grass beside first, and Broxton sets up on the mound as Yasmany Tomas steps in to the box.
He walks. No outs, two on. Nothing spooky yet.
Catcher Chris Hermann comes up, and knocks a perfect sac bunt back toward the mound, thrown out by a charging Yadier Molina who whips the ball over to first. Runners on second and third, one out. Brandon Drury up. Intentional walk. Drury lays his bat in the dirt and trots to first.
The camera cuts back to Tony La Russa, still beloved in St. Louis, and Dave McKay puts his hands on Drury's hips, whispering advice into his ear now, too.
Chris Owings comes up now, only the second appearance of that surname in MLB history, unrelated to former D-Back Micah Owings.
He fouls off a pitch, then fouls off another, another, another, and another. He's batting .391 with the bases loaded, looking to bump that up over .400, and Broxton delivers again.
Owings waits on a ball breaking left to right through the zone, and it's Single to center fielder Jeremy Hazelbaker #1. Tomas scores easily from second. Diamondbacks lead: 6-2.
A two-run single by @cowings5 pushes the #Dbacks lead to 6-2! — Arizona Diamondbacks (@Dbacks) May 21, 2016
“That is a big-league at bat right there by Chris Owings,” says Arizona announcer Bob Brenly, “what a grind that was!”
Rickie Weeks Jr. comes on to pinch hit, and he lofts a slider in the air above short, and it's Single to center fielder Jeremy Hazelbaker #2. Another “long, grinding at bat,” in the words of Bob Brenly, now rewarded. 7-2 Arizona.
There's a mound meeting, Broxton's night is done, manager Mike Matheny snatches the ball and twists it around in his palms, his infield huddled around him, as Kiekhefer jogs in from the bullpen and readies to get to work. The mob splits up and jogs back to their spots.
Jean Segura comes up next, setting up into a low crouch, his bat waggle at full force. Kiekhefer unfurls lanky, Chris-Sale-like arms, and whips home, inducing a ground-out right back to the mound, spinning and throwing to second for the force-out.
Interesting trivia here from Bob Brenly: Kiekhefer was selected in the 37th round of the 2007 MLB draft, then declined to accept, betting on his future chances, only to be drafted in the 36th round three years later. Can't fault him for feeling undervalued there…
Michael Bourn steps in now, against Kiekhefer, getting stuck right away in an 0-2 count, and then it's Single to center fielder Jeremy Hazelbaker #3. Low line-drive to center.
Michael Bourn knocks in his 2nd run of the game. It's a four-run 8th for the #Dbacks who now lead it 8-2. — Arizona Diamondbacks (@Dbacks) May 21, 2016
Broxton couldn't stop the Hazelbaker magnetism. Kiekhefer can't stop the Hazelbaker magnetism. This now has the makings of a horror movie, with the unseen bad guy a force of nature and not a villain, creeping through your own teammates, your own homeland to wreak untold havoc. Matheny must be aware of it now, but unable to speak out lest be becomes its next victim. He keeps young Hazelbaker in the game, the only buffer between him a full magnetic hex.
Paul Goldschmidt rips a line-drive to center and it's, yes, Single to center fielder Jeremy Hazelbaker #4.
9-2 Diamondbacks now, and Hazelbaker is glowing in center field, with strange, comic-book squiggly lines around him, the grass by his feet a radiant orange—stuck in the endless pull of a magnet ray.
Who's behind all this? A conniving, all-powerful fan for the other side? Tony La Russa? Dave McKay?
“They've been keepin' Hazelbaker busy out in center this inning,” says Bob Brenly, chuckling. Could it be him?
Or could it, according to Hazelbaker himself, be the haunted house he's been living in? If so, this might all lead back to Lance Lynn. Spooky.
A @TheCatonFox investigation: Jeremy Hazelbaker thinks there may be paranormal activity at Lance Lynn's home. #STLCardshttps://t.co/qFVyk4eD5I — FOX Sports Midwest (@FSMidwest) May 19, 2016
Jake Lamb comes up again, the D-Backs have batted around, and he smacks the hardest-hit, farthest-hit ball of the inning, to center. Over the head of—you guessed it—Jeremy Hazelbaker. High in the air. Going, going, going, caught. On the warning track. Just short of a three-run homer for his second hit of the inning. Three outs.
Is the curse broken? The Diamondbacks are fourth in the NL West. If they keep up the baseball magnetism, first place might be theirs by the end of the week.
To be continued…
Follow @big_inning
Previously:
11th Inning: ARZ vs. SFG
9th Inning: STL vs. PIT
6th Inning: STL vs. ARZ
The Sopranos
I remember where I was when it happened, in the same way people remember where they were for blackouts and reports of catastrophes and assassinations. I was at my friend Sue's house. We were watching the last episode of the greatest drama in the history of television, The Sopranos. Tony, having seemingly vanquished all his enemies, was taking his entire family out to Holsten's, an ice-cream parlor in Bloomfield, New Jersey. He put a coin in the jukebox. "Don't Stop Believin'" started to play. The man in the Member's Only jacket got up to go to the bathroom. The narrative tension rose to excruciating levels. Was this it for Tony Soprano? Was he going to live or was he going to die? And then, as Steve Perry sang the words, Don't stop!, everything stopped.
The screen went black.
We, Sue and I, joined the throngs of the outraged. We immediately thought we were victims of some kind — at first, of a power outage, oddly particularized to HBO subscribers, and then of the show's creator and maestro, David Chase. He had copped out. He had ripped us off. So unblinking during the seven-year run of The Sopranos, he had saved his blink for the worst possible moment — the last. Over the next few days, Sue and I called each other, using each new interview that Chase gave to the press as pretext for continuing our speculation over Tony's ultimate end. Sue was among those who thought him still alive, forced by his misdeeds to the sentence prefigured at Holsten's: A life devoted to a contemplation of death, in which every man in a Member's Only jacket figures as a possible executioner. I was among those who thought him conclusively dead, based on Chase's comments that "Anybody who wants to watch it, it's all there," and his disgust at the viewers who "wanted blood," who "wanted to see [Tony's] brains splattered against the wall."
Sue thought that we were in the hands of a master manipulator — "he wanted us to keep talking about it!" — while I thought that Chase was betrayed by the terms of his own creation. He wanted to make The Sopranos more than a show about mobsters, and he found out at the end that if he actually showed what happens to men like Tony Soprano, it would never be anything more than a show about mobsters. There would be blood, there would be brains splattered against the wall, and after seven years that's what people would remember.
So I became one of those people who argued the point of Tony's death while professing not to care about Tony's death, because David Chase let us down. It wasn't the blackout punctuating the finale of The Sopranos that haunted me; it was Chase's artistic failure, his inability to see his creation through. And so, when I watched the finale of Six Feet Under, a show I hardly watched and barely cared about, I judged it inestimably superior to what Chase had done — or hadn't done — with Tony. A show about death, Six Feet Under ended by showing the deaths of all its major characters. It hit a note, and the note resolved everything that had come before. It didn't leave us hanging on the words of Steve Perry. It didn't resort to a trick not so far removed from a declaration that what we had watched for the last seven years had all been a dream.
But that was a long time ago. I have forgotten the finales of Six Feet Under and just about every other show I've ever seen — hell, the inevitable disappointment of the finales of just about every other show I've ever seen, no matter how artfully they were done. But I've never stopped being haunted by the last moments of The Sopranos, because time itself has filled in that final consuming blank. I've been to Holsten's, in Bloomfield, New Jersey, and went there years before Tony Soprano existed. I can even remember, vaguely, that the tables were bolted to the floor. But I didn't know that by the last episode of The Sopranos, James Gandolfini, the actor who created Tony Soprano and made him indelible, had grown so large that he couldn't fit into the booth unless the table bolted to the floor was unbolted — and I only knew that, of course, because James Gandolfini was dead, and people were wondering what killed him.
Indeed, I can remember where I was when I heard that James Gandolfini died, because I can remember the message I got from my friend Sue: "Well, I guess we finally know what happened to Tony. He died." I was right, all along — but so was David Chase. It really is all there, for anybody who wants to watch. There's a man in a Member's Only jacket waiting for all of us. For James Ganodolfini, it was his appetite — not the stranger who loomed as a possible assassin, but the ice cream he ordered with his family. For Tony Soprano, well, such is art that we'll never know. What David Chase did at the end of The Sopranos was a trick, all right, and nobody will be able to use it again. But Chase really was the master manipulator, as my friend Sue insisted. He not only managed to end his show on an exclamation point; he contemplated mortality onscreen in a way that actually felt like death. He did us the favor of refusing to finish off his main character. Life would do the rest. —Tom Junod
Biram-kumang would never forget his first meeting with Mr Rao after they had moved in. “Mr Soren,” Mr Rao said to Biram-kumang after they had made some small talk over tea and biscuits. “I hope you don't mind my asking this. Could you please tell me a bit more about yourselves? Where are you from?”“Yes, sure. As I said earlier, we are from Jharkhand,” Biram-kumang said.“You see, I have been to Jharkhand,” Mr Rao said, surprising Biram-kumang with the slight hesitation he began with. “To Ranchi and Palamu... It was a long time ago; it was all Bihar then. Jharkhand became a separate state only a few days ago.”“Yes, in November,” Biram-kumang said.“Er... Mr Soren, I hope you won't mind my asking this... Will you?”“No, sir. Not at all,” Biram-kumang said tensely. “Please, ask.”“Er... Isn't Soren a tribal surname? Please, I just want to know. For information's sake.”Biram-kumang was shocked at being asked this so directly, especially by the gentle-seeming Mr Rao, but he kept his composure.“Yes, sir,” Biram-kumang answered. “We are tribals. Santhal.”“Please, I hope you don't mind, Mr Soren, I have nothing against tribals. I have worked with tribals in my various postings all over the country. I have even lived in Ranchi. I respect all communities. And in this city, you see, even we are outsiders.”“I... I understand that, sir,” Biram-kumang said, unsure what Mr Rao was getting at.“You see, Mr Soren, I asked this because not everyone here might have the same attitude as me.”Biram-kumang was all ears.“Vadodara is a strongly Hindu city,” Mr Rao continued. “People here believe in purity. I am not too sure what this purity is, but all I know is that people here don't eat non-veg. You know? Meat, fish, chicken, eggs. Nor do they approve of people who eat non-veg.”“Yes, sir.” Biram-kumang nodded.“Tribals, even lower-caste Hindus, they are seen as impure. I hope you understand.” Mr Rao seemed almost contrite as he said this.“Yes, sir. I have some idea of this,” Biram-kumang said.“Muslims and Christians, they don't stand a chance here. They have separate areas where they live. Cities within a city. Separate bastis for Muslims, for Christians.”Biram-kumang kept nodding.Biram-kumang hesitated, then said, “What is it, sir?”“You see Mr Soren... people may want to know about you. They are always curious. If they ask you where you're from, please, will you just tell them that you're from Jharkhand? Just that much, nothing more. Better still, can you tell them that you've been transferred from Bhubaneshwar? Mentioning a well-known city usually clears the air quicker. You understand, don't you?”“Sure, sure, I do.” Biram-kumang relaxed a little. He had been told to expect all this.“As for me,” Mr Rao added, “if someone asks me, I'll tell them I know you through colleagues and friends I know and trust. I'll say that you are a good person.”Biram-kumang forced a smile. “That would be very kind.”Mr Rao heaved a sigh of relief. “Thank you, Mr Soren. You see, even we used to eat meat and chicken. And eggs. We used to have eggs for breakfast almost daily. My sons, they eat non-veg. But not when they're here. When we decided to settle here – because this place is so neat and tidy – we had to pay a small price. I hope you understand.”Biram-kumang only said, “Of course, I understand.”“But still we can't be sure. Who holds a grudge against whom. What tensions there are underneath all the civility. I don't know how many people here, in this colony, where we've lived for a decade or so, hate us for not being from Gujarat. One can never tell. The family living in that house there,” Mr Rao pointed to the house right across the narrow street, “the Mohammeds. Not everyone in this colony is comfortable with their presence. So you see, one has to be cautious all the time.”“That's right,” Biram-kumang nodded in agreement.Biram-kumang thought for a second or two. What else was coming? “Yes,” he said. “What is it?”“Can you assure us that you won't cook any non-veg in my kitchen? No meat-mutton-egg-chicken-fish. Nothing.” Biram-kumang came downstairs and recounted the meeting to Panmuni-jhi. She only clutched her head in her hands and kept sitting where she was, silently, for a long time.
~~~
“Jhapan, where have we come?” Panmuni-jhi lamented on a visit to her niece.Jhapan-di said, “Don't worry, jhi, you will get used to this place.”Panmuni-jhi asked in outrage, “How can people dislike those who eat meat? We need haku or sim-jill every Sunday, and eggs nearly every day!”“What to do, jhi?” Jhapan-di said wistfully. “Jyamon des, tyamon bhes. While we can buy everything here in the campus market – mutton, chicken, eggs, alcohol – we don't do that outside. Anyway, nothing is available outside, not in the entire Vadodara bazaar.”Panmuni-jhi shook her head in disbelief.“Don't worry, jhi.” Jhapan-di laughed and patted Panmuni-jhi on the knee. “When you feel like eating jill-haku, come to our place. Have you got your phone connection yet?”“No, not yet,” Panmuni-jhi said. “We”ll get it next week or so.”“All right, jhi. As soon as you get your phone line, call us. Then we'll fix a date for a lunch or a dinner. A traditional Santhal meal – daka and sim-jill. Done?”“That's good, Bo!” Rabi laughed.“Good?”“Yes, at least you won't spoil your tummy. Each time you eat chicken you get indigestion.”“Not when I cook the chicken, son.”“Don't worry, Bo. Change your diet. You're getting older. Old people shouldn't eat meat and eggs. They cause heart problems, cholesterol, fat, indigestion. And gout!”This only annoyed Panmuni-jhi more.
~~~
In spite of the restrictions on her diet, Panmuni-jhi fell in love with Vadodara within a year. The markets, the roads, everything was so clean and neatly arranged.It was an old town but there was so much open space and greenery. It was so unlike Odisha and Jharkhand. The shift in loyalties was finally sealed when she went to eat at a restaurant in town.“Outside?” Panmuni-jhi was stunned.“Arrey! You have to eat out to see how the restaurants here are. They are not like the hotels in Bhubaneshwar. They're different. Cleaner.”Curious, she followed Biram-kumang into an eatery.It was a simple place, but spacious, airy and – as Panmuni-jhi noticed right away – clean. There was ample space between the tables for patrons and staff to walk. The tables had white tops, but they had been cleaned so well there were no haldi stains, no stains from the bases of glasses and cold drink bottles. Also, there were no puddles of water accumulated anywhere, no dirt deposited in the corners, no shoe or mud stains. It was like Panmuni-jhi's own house.Biram-kumang and Panmuni-jhi ordered a Gujarati thali each. Panmuni-jhi liked the taste of the food, plain as it was. However, it was the cleanliness which made the strongest impression upon her.
~~~
The Sorens would regularly visit Jhapan-di. But as the family grew busier – with Biram-kumang's office and Hopon's school – and as Panmuni-jhi too got used to Vadodara, their visits decreased in frequency. Still, they ensured a meeting at least once a month.Similarly, their menu at Jhapan-di's too underwent a change. Jhapan-di would be more than eager to entertain her aunt's family from Jharkhand, and would cook a lot of chicken and fish. However, as the Sorens more or less stopped eating non-vegetarian food, and began enjoying the vegetarian meals that they often had at restaurants in Vadodara, they asked Jhapan-di to not bother. Bhat, dal, one tarkari, and for that token non-vegetarian dish, even a simple egg curry would do.“Of course, this city is neat and clean, jhi,” Jhapan-di said to Panmuni-jhi. “This is one of the charms of living here. Everything here is in order. You haven't been to Ahmedabad yet, have you, jhi?”“No,” Panmuni-jhi said. “I've heard about it, though. It's a nice place, no?”“Hmm... I'll ask your kumang to take us there one day.”“You must, jhi. You see, jhi, cities in Gujarat too were dirty. All kachra on the roads and congestion. But there was a plague epidemic here – you remember? Some six-seven years ago?”Panmuni-jhi nodded. She remembered. She had been at the Ghatshila Railway Station one day that year when the station master had announced that the Ahmedabad-Howrah Express would pass through the station, and people had started moving away from the platform. As soon as the Ahmedabad-Howrah Express arrived, whistling wildly as it thudded through, everyone had turned their faces away and covered their mouths, noses and faces with their palms or handkerchiefs.“Ever since that outbreak, the government here has made sure that the towns and cities are kept clean,” Jhapan-di said.“I tell you, Jhapan,” Panmuni-jhi often said to Jhapan-di on their Santhali-lunch afternoons, “I always tried to avoid eating at roadside restaurants in Bhubaneshwar. Whenever Rabi and Hopon bought me any outside-food, I would fall ill. Stomach ache, gas. I was so scared I would hardly eat outside. If your kumang asked me to eat out, I would tell him to take me to a good and clean place, an expensive place, like Swosti or Mayfair, or I wouldn't go. But here, Jhapan, I like eating outside.”“I told you, you'll get used to this place, jhi.”
~~~
But old habits die hard. The Sorens did wean themselves – and quite successfully, to some extent – away from fish, chicken and mutton. However, at times, they would crave the simple sin of an egg.There was a small shop in a far corner of the market near the Subhanpura Colony, run by an immigrant from Bihar. It was the only shop in the entire market which sold eggs, and there were always a fair number of people at that shop. Biram-kumang or Hopon would go there, look around to make sure there were no familiar eyes spying on them, buy two eggs, wrap them up discreetly, put them in their cloth shopping bag, and return home.If buying eggs was a difficult task, cooking one was a mission in itself. Cooking more than one egg at the same time was the same as getting caught. If Hopon ate one egg on a given day, he would have the next egg only after a week or so, when Panmuni-jhi was sure that the odour of the egg she had cooked had wafted out of the house, out of Subhanpura Colony itself.Each morning, the Sorens would tie up all the garbage – vegetable peels, wrappers, waste paper, tea leaves – in the polythene bags they lined their garbage bins with, and either Biram-kumang or Hopon would throw these bags into the municipal garbage bin outside the colony. On days the garbage included eggshells, they would go even further. On some days, when they couldn't throw the eggshells in the garbage, they would bury them in the kitchen garden.On days like these, Panmuni-jhi would miss the freedom of Bhubaneshwar, and the cool sea breeze of the Bay of Bengal which touched each person in the same way. In Bhubaneshwar, Panmuni-jhi remembered, she would regularly cook two-egg omelettes for Rabi and Hopon. She would make delicious katla-machh which all the Santhal women of the city would praise. And, of course, there were the regular chicken and mutton dishes. The aroma of eggs, fish, chicken and mutton dishes would waft out of her kitchen and flow all over the HIG Housing Board Colony. No one raised an eyebrow, no one came to her house to grab her husband”s collar and demand of him: “Soren, didn't I tell you not to cook non-veg?” No. Instead, her neighbours would only ask her: “Bhoujo, ei dish tawmo kemti taiyar kawrochho?” And she would happily tell them how she had made the dish.Excerpted with permission from the short story 'They Eat Meat!', The Adivasi Will Not Dance: Stories, Hansda Sowvendra Shekhar, Speaking Tiger.
McLaren's silver/grey livery caused something of a stir today with many observers surprised that the team opted for colours that were so closely connected with the team's partnership with Mercedes from 1997 to 2014.
Keeping with Mercedes-style look
The team noted that the MP4-30 "features an evolved colour scheme that firmly contextualises McLaren's brand in the 21st century.” At first glance it would appear that Ron Dennis is convinced that the world associates the current livery with McLaren as a team, and not Mercedes, even if others in the camp may believe differently.
However this writer understands that while the team has not stated that what we saw today is an interim or testing livery, the car could yet look different by the first race in Melbourne – and at the very least the option still exists to change.
Santander negotiations ongoing
It's worth noting too that while Santander remains on the team's website it did not feature on the car or drivers today. Apparently negotiations are still ongoing, and the death last September of the company's former boss and huge F1/Alonso fan Emilio Boton may have complicated matters. Intriguingly Jenson Button Tweeted recently that he was filming a Santander ad.
It remains to be seen whether a new deal with Santander or perhaps another yet-to-be-announced sponsor means that what we saw today is a temporary livery that was a quick and easy solution for the launch.
It was certainly one that will match the transporters and so on that will be in the paddock at the three upcoming tests in Spain. If there is a late change of car livery before Australia then there is plenty of time to repaint the transporters before they are next seen again at the Spanish GP in May.
Meanwhile a pre-Melbourne reveal of an all-new livery would be a second bite of the PR cherry for both the team and Honda.
Show full PR text Subaru BRZ Concept – STI to Debut at Los Angeles International Auto Show
-- First look at Subaru BRZ styling
-- STI-tuned chassis and carbon-fiber roof deliver the ultimate in handling and CoG
-- First RWD Subaru sports car
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 1, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- Subaru of America, Inc. announced today that it will show an all-new concept version of its upcoming BRZ sports car at the 2011 Los Angeles International Auto Show. Dubbed the Subaru BRZ Concept- STI, the concept car represents the next step in lightweight performance sports cars combined with the race-bred tuning of Subaru Technica International (STI).
The first BRZ concept car to be shown with bodywork, the Concept – STI strongly hints at the styling of the production BRZ and features unique STI performance features.
Styling
Sleek, low and tightly coiled bodywork blends with STI performance touches for a sporting profile. A hexagonal front grille, hawk eye headlights and fin-shaped fog lamps are instantly recognizable as Subaru. The exterior colour "WR Blue Pearl II" is a new generation of the iconic WR blue paint scheme that has adorned both racing production STI's.
The body is set-off with aero-tuned lower front spoiler and unique rear fascia, a rear wing for added down-force and a carbon-fiber roof to lower its already record setting center of gravity specification. The rear design features bold rear fender flares and large rear-diffuser giving way to polished stainless-steel quad-tailpipes. Vented rear bumper corners contribute to improved aerodynamics performance.
Engine
The concept car employs the totally new Subaru "FA" Boxer engine exclusively designed for the RWD BRZ sports car. In order to achieve properties best-suited for the BRZ sports car, the overall structure of this 2.0-liter naturally-aspirated four-cylinder boxer engine has been designed with a square bore and stroke of 86 X 86 mm. The inherent qualities of the Subaru Boxer engine were mated to a direct injection fuel system, which further improves combustion efficiency, running smoothness up to high rpm and high environmental standards.
Chassis
The lightened Concept – STI features an STI-tuned suspension, Brembo brakes and unique 18-inch wheels and tires. The Subaru-engineered and built chassis boasts a rigid frame housing a two-plus-two interior and front engine/rear-wheel drive layout. With the engine mounted low and rearward in the engine compartment to allow for near-perfect balance and one of lowest CoG's of any car on the market.
The BRZ Concept – STI is designed to combine lightweight, a low polar moment and razor-sharp reflexes for the ultimate handling machine. The low engine placement also allows for a very low and blade-like hood design. Short front and rear overhangs reduce the yaw moment of inertia.
Compared with other Subaru models, which already feature a low centre of gravity and optimal weight distribution, the engine in the Subaru BRZ - STI - sits even lower, 4.7 inches lower in fact and is positioned 9.4 inches closer to the centre of the chassis.
The first RWD Subaru, the production Subaru BRZ will begin production in spring 2012 as the only mass-produced front-engine, Boxer engine rear-wheel drive sports car in the world.
SUBARU BRZ Concept – STI Specifications
Body size (Overall: Length x Width x Height): 166.7 X 70.9 X 50.4 inches
Wheelbase: 101.2 inch
Engine: Subaru Boxer "FA" engine - 2.0-liter naturally-aspirated four-cylinder Horizontally-Opposed Boxer engine
Tire size: 215/45R18 (Front), 225/45R18 (Rear)
We're expecting to finally see the production version of the Subaru BRZ sports car at the Tokyo Motor Show in early December, but not before the automaker teases us with one more concept. At this year's Los Angeles Auto Show Subaru will unveil this, the BRZ Concept – STI (yes, that's its official name), showing what the automaker's in-house tuner can do with the all-new, lightweight, rear-wheel drive sports car.Curiously, the STI team has chosen to leave the BRZ's 2.0-liter naturally aspirated Boxer four untouched. A shame, since a turbocharged version of the all-new powerplant would certainly make sense for an STI-badged version of the car. Subaru has, however, fitted upgraded suspension bits, new Brembo brakes and larger 18-inch wheels.The neat thing about the STI Concept is that this is actually the first time we've seen the Subaru's exterior design – we've only seen full models of the Toyota/Scion version of this car. We like what we see so far, though we're not exactly blown away. Then again, we probably shouldn't expect much from an automaker that hasn't exactly been known for aesthetics over the years. Of course, this being the STI version, a large wing has been fitted to the rear deck, and the car is painted in a new evolution of Subaru's classic blue, called WR Blue Pearl II.We'll see the car in person in just two weeks, but for now, hit the jump for Subaru's press release and see some official renderings of the BRZ STI in our attached high-res image gallery.
Billi Bierling
Mountaineering journalist, Kathmandu
Bear Grylls flew a paraglider at 8,990m (29,494ft)
A British Everest summiteer has become the first man to fly higher than the top of the world in a powered paraglider.
Bear Grylls, who at the age of 23 became the youngest British climber to scale Mount Everest in 1998, achieved a feat that had been deemed impossible by many critics prior to the mission.
On 14 May 2007, Grylls and his fellow pilot and inventor of the parajet engine, Giles Cardozo, took off from the small Himalayan village of Pheriche, which lies at an altitude of 4,400m (14,435ft) about 20 miles (32km) south of Mount Everest in eastern Nepal.
For their amazing adventure the two pilots chose the main Himalayan climbing season, which is currently seeing more than 100 expeditions on both the north and south sides of Mount Everest.
'Clapping and cheering'
However, Grylls, who reached the top of the world on 26 May 1998 and has lived through many other adventures, said the challenges of flying a paraglider at such a high altitude were different from mountaineering.
It was a very special moment when I realised that there was no mountain in the world above me
Bear Grylls
"The propeller, oxygen bottle and all the other equipment strapped to my back weighed more than 120kg (264lbs). It took me three attempts to get off the ground but when I was finally in the air, I noticed the crowd of people sitting on the ridge clapping and cheering," Grylls said on his return to Kathmandu.
After having waited for about two hours for the launch, which kept on being delayed due to technical difficulties, the Sherpas and employees of GKN, the UK-based technology company that sponsored the Everest mission, had started having their doubts whether this ambitious adventure would actually get off the ground.
"I thought they had a 30% chance at best as it meant getting all the equipment to the mountain at the right time and being lucky with the weather. They only had a three-day weather window, which is very tight," said Andy Elson, British adventure engineer and first man to fly over Mount Everest in a balloon in 1991.
"However, I was proved wrong and it was great achievement for Cardozo's paramotor and for Bear's flying."
Technical challenges
Grylls and Cardozo flew successfully to 8,535m (28,001ft) when a fault in Cardozo's engine forced him to abort only 300m (984ft) below the summit. Grylls continued to ascend until he reached 8,990m (29,494ft) at 0933 local time.
It felt weird just hanging off a few strings with an engine on your back
Giles Cardozo
"When Giles descended and I found myself alone so high up I was feeling a lot more vulnerable but I knew the weather and wind conditions were perfect."
"It was so amazing to look into Nepal, India and Tibet and all of a sudden these great Himalayan giants looked so tiny.
"It was a very special moment when I realised that there was no mountain in the world above me, especially after having stood on the top of the world myself nine years ago."
Grylls and Cardozo, who is considered one of the top paragliding pilots in the world, hatched the idea about one year ago when 28-year-old Cardozo invented a parajet engine that would carry them up to 8,848m (29,028ft) - the height of Mount Everest.
One of the main technical challenges was to produce an engine that was light enough to carry and generate enough power to fly in the rarefied atmosphere of the high Himalaya.
Few strings attached
"It felt weird just hanging off a few strings with an engine on your back that produces more power than a truck. It was an incredible experience to be up there and to look down at all these mountains. But I don't think we will ever do this again and I doubt that anybody else will either," Cardozo said.
Giles and Bear celebrate their epic flight
Prior to their mission both pilots and their 14-member strong team had to go through the regular acclimatisation process, which is necessary to survive at high altitude. The team and 3,000 kg of technical and filming equipment flew to Namche Bazaar, the colourful Sherpa capital that lies at an altitude of 3,400m (11,154ft).
From there they took three days to walk to Base Camp at Pheriche, where the density of oxygen is only 60% of that at sea level.
The pilots were also taking Diamox, a drug that reduces cerebrospinal fluid formation and helps the human body to acclimatise more quickly.
THE Duterte administration will spend a record P890.9 billion on vital infrastructure next year in line with plans to further hike expenditures to up to 7 percent of the gross domestic product (GDP) within the next six years, Budget Secretary Benjamin E. Diokno said.
The Department of Budget and Management (DBM) will submit for President Duterte's approval the proposed P3.35-trillion 2017 national budget, a record-high amount over a tenth bigger than this year's P3.002 trillion, Diokno told reporters on Thursday.
ADVERTISEMENT
Next year's expenditures on infrastructure will account for 5.2 percent of GDP, Diokno said, adding that the Duterte administration will focus on “pure” infrastructure on top of capital outlays.
In the 2016 budget, P762.5 billion were allocated for capital outlays, of which P631.9 billion would be spent on infrastructure.
Diokno said more money will be infused into projects for the construction of new as well as improvement of airports, seaports, major roads and bridges, farm-to-market roads, as well as post-harvest facilities.
To rollout infrastructure projects faster, Diokno said the Duterte administration will order non-stop or 24-hours-a-day, seven-days-a-week construction work on most urban-based projects, citing huge economic costs brought about by delays.
Asked how the new administration will address the slow absorptive capacity of government agencies when it comes to spending their budgets, which was among the reasons blamed for the underspending on public goods and services during the past few years, Diokno said the President “will not tolerate incompetence.”
“If you cannot perform, you're out… We will not tolerate delays,” the Budget chief said.
Diokno said biddings for government projects will be conducted in the fourth quarter of the year prior to the year of implementation, short of award.
The Budget chief, however, said they will put on hold plans to construct new buildings for government offices, such as those planned for the Department of Finance, the National Economic and Development Authority as well as the Office of the Solicitor General.
Also, the Duterte administration will enjoin more public-private partnership (PPP) ventures in infrastructure, Diokno said. “We are open to unsolicited proposals, subject to Swiss Challenge. This will give us the opportunity to fast-track PPP projects,” he said.
Ramping up infrastructure spending to up to 7 percent of GDP before the end of the Duterte administration will help narrow the infrastructure gap, Diokno said, noting that the Philippines has among the worst infrastructure in Asean.
ADVERTISEMENT
“In the short term, higher infrastructure spending will create jobs, increase incomes and boost the economy. For long term, it will propel us to a growth path of 7-8 percent [GDP expansion],” the budget chief said.
The Duterte administration has set an annual economic growth target of 7-8 percent from 2018 to 2022.
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
Candidates ignore climate change debate Environmentalists want issue addressed in race
This combination of file pictures shows US Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney (L) speaking during the American Legion 94th National Convention on August 29, 2012 in Indianapolis, Indiana, and US President Barack Obama (R) speaking during an event in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building on the White House campus August 3, 2012 in Washington, DC. AFP PHOTO/ Justin Sullivan/Getty Images/AFP - Brendan SMIALOWSKI/AFP-/AFP/GettyImages less This combination of file pictures shows US Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney (L) speaking during the American Legion 94th National Convention on August 29, 2012 in Indianapolis, Indiana, and US ... more Photo: -, AFP/Getty Images Photo: -, AFP/Getty Images Image 1 of / 9 Caption Close Candidates ignore climate change debate 1 / 9 Back to Gallery
When President Obama and Mitt Romney square off Wednesday in their first debate, global warming may be the biggest topic that neither wants to touch.
Obama devoted all four sentences to climate change in his speech at the Democratic National Convention last month. Romney rarely mentions it at all.
It's a stark change from the 2008 presidential race, when both Obama and his Republican opponent, John McCain, preached the need to reduce greenhouse gases. And environmentalists are furious.
"The silence of Gov. Romney and President Obama on climate change is deafening," said Erich Pica, president of the environmental group Friends of the Earth Action.
His organization has launched a campaign called Climate Silence to inject global warming into the presidential race, working with another group called Forecast the Facts. The campaign's website features photos of Obama and Romney with duct tape over their mouths.
"Voters deserve to know where they stand on the most serious threat to our nation," Pica said in a news release. "Anyone who is elected to lead the country - or aspires to do so - should realize that true leadership means a willingness to engage difficult issues, not sweep them under the rug."
Nine environmental groups circulated petitions asking journalist Jim Lehrer, the moderator of Wednesday's debate, to press the candidates on global warming. About 160,000 people signed.
"It's often true that political speech lags behind public understanding," said Steve Cochran, vice president of climate policy at the Environmental Defense Fund, which participated in the letter-writing campaign. "The population is ahead of the politicians on this."
Reasons for avoidance
But the last-minute efforts may not succeed. Each candidate, analysts say, has reasons to avoid discussion of the issue.
Among Republicans, skepticism about climate change has hardened into outright rejection. They tend to view efforts to cap the greenhouse gas emissions that come from burning fossil fuels as heavy-handed government interference in the free market, if not a threat to personal liberty. After Solyndra's bankruptcy, they deride government support for clean-energy companies.
A poll conducted last month by Bloomberg found that only 26 percent of Republicans believe human activity is warming the planet. Contrast that with 78 percent of Democrats and 56 percent of independents.
"The GOP is as stony a ground for that issue as you can find today," said Jerry Taylor, a senior fellow at the Cato Institute libertarian think tank and a frequent critic of federal environmental policy.
As governor of Massachusetts, Romney explored ways to fight global warming. But he eventually backed out of a multistate plan to limit greenhouse gas levels through the use of a cap-and-trade system, in which power plants buy and sell permits to emit those gases.
Now Romney says he is uncertain about the extent of warming and people's role in it, and he supports more research into the issue. He does not back climate change policies that could boost energy prices.
"What I'm not willing to do is spend trillions of dollars on something I don't know the answer to," Romney said last year at a campaign appearance in New Hampshire.
For Obama, the political calculus of global warming is far more complex than it is for his challenger.
Obama placed climate change at the heart of his 2008 campaign. His economic stimulus package in 2009 steered billions of dollars to companies building solar power plants or wind farms that generate electricity without greenhouse gases. And he set new car mileage standards that will double fuel economy to 54.5 miles per gallon by 2025, slashing oil use.
But he let die in Congress a bill to create a federal cap-and-trade system in 2010, bitterly disappointing many environmentalists. Now he may be worried about alienating independent voters, whose concern about climate change isn't as strong as it is among Democrats.
His official campaign website still calls for fighting climate change and touts the rapid growth of renewable power on his watch. But it doesn't mention cap and trade or setting hard limits on the country's production of greenhouse gases.
"Obama probably feels that with bringing up the issue, there are potential losses and not too many gains," said Lester Brown, president of the Earth Policy Institute. "A real response (to global warming) would include a lot of substantial changes - in the forms of energy we use and the way we use it - and that makes people uncomfortable."
Different approach
Some analysts argue that Obama is being too cautious.
A recent poll by researchers at George Mason University and Yale University found that 65 percent of undecided voters believe humans are causing global warming, the same percentage as among likely Obama voters. And 61 percent of undecided voters in the poll said climate change would be one of the issues they would consider when casting their vote.
"Obama's political handlers are telling him that people in the middle of the spectrum - independents - are likely to be alienated when he says 'global warming' and 'climate change,' " said Edward Maibach, director of the Center for Climate Change Communication at George Mason. "And we found it's just the opposite. On this issue, independents look a lot more like Democrats than Republicans."
Taylor, however, cautions that the same may not be true in key battleground states that rely heavily on the fossil fuel industry, places such as Ohio or Pennsylvania. There, Romney has accused Obama of waging a "war on coal" with proposed regulations that would limit greenhouse gas emissions from new power plants, regulations that would be difficult for coal-burning plants to meet.
"Amongst those voters, swing voters in swing states, there's very little appetite for doing anything on climate change," Taylor said.
My new app Cuddlr is all about the power of touch, though some folks are confusing “touch” with “sex”. Oddly enough, the hubbub shows exactly why the app and the discussion it is creating are necessary in the first place.
Coming this week, Cuddlr connects you with new people in your immediate area who are up for a cuddle. (It's sort of like Tinder or Grindr, but for public cuddling instead of hookups.) Once you and the other party agree to cuddle, the app helps you find each other, and the rest is up to preference and communication. For each user, the app shows a tally of how many successful cuddles they have had already: the more someone has been vetted by other users, the more likely they are to be good at cuddling, communication, and respecting boundaries.
As word spreads, people find the idea exciting, think the app has potential to be “amazing” and say it's “exactly the app I've been waiting for”. We've also heard some reservations, which helps us refine parts of the app.
The biggest challenge may be understanding app-enabled cuddling gives the same power-of-choice found in app-enabled dating, and even with sex in general: You don't say yes to everyone. Not every request will be worth replying to, some cuddles will be better than others, some will be amazing and you'll want to cuddle with that person again and again, others will be fine but nothing special. And some will be absolute creeps who you'll want to block. This is just the inevitable result of the distribution of human personalities. But from some folks, there also seems to be a visceral reaction against the idea of casual platonic cuddling.
Why this edginess around touch? It can't be just that people are reluctant to enter intimate situations with near-strangers (the popularity of Tinder and Grindr demonstrates we obviously love doing that). Trends show many of us have slept with someone we've met through the web or an app. And yet: while app-enabled sex has their (presumed) blessing, this middle ground of nonsexual intimacy makes them queasy. Why could this be? Why would someone be more willing to pursue sexual intimacy than platonic closeness? When people use a hookup/dating app, they are generally looking for sex or dates (or both), often-though-not-always with the goal of finding and vetting potential long-term partners. We enter into these situations willing to put up with the bad-to-mediocre dates, the disappointing hookups, in pursuit of two huge, overriding genetic imperatives: procreation (or rather its simulacrum: orgasm) and experiencing a protective, nurturing closeness.
While we seem wired to pursue both sex and closeness, we aren't necessarily wired to expect them to come packaged together into one experience. Before the birth of the modern egalitarian relationship, no one would have expected a romantic partner to also be a friend, a confidante, to share one's taste in music or books. Now, if and when we find a partner we'd like to marry, or have children with, or buy a house with or just stay together with for a long, long time, there's a presumption that we no longer need close touch to come from anywhere else.
But we are born needing, even craving touch. As children, we revel in the closeness we get from snuggling with parents and close family members. As teenagers or young adults, we discover sex, and generally speaking we try to do as much of it as we think we can get away with. By the time we form a stable adult peer group, we've effectively trained ourselves not to cuddle except for with people we're sleeping with: not because it wouldn't be pleasant or fulfilling, but because of inherited social rules left over from our ancient pregnancy anxiety. These include: don't get pregnant outside of a permanent relationship, don't get STDs, and be careful about what else you are seen to be doing, in case you should fall into disrepute. But also, in particular: physical intimacy means sex, and so being physically close with another adult is in a sense asking for sex, if not outright consenting to it. And doing this in public is a way of advertising your status, of saying “I am having sex with this person, or at the very least I am considering doing so in the near future”. The thing is, very little of this is true anymore: women can and do decide to have children alone, STDs remain best avoided but are more often manageable or curable than ever before, and only people in small closed groups (high school, high society) lack the ability to escape a tarnished reputation. We can bring about the same evolutionary change for nonsexual intimacy as well, and as a culture we seem finally ready to make that step.
In many parts of the Arab world, for example, it is common for two men or boys to show physical affection by holding hands. This can be a source of confusion for visitors who presume this gesture to only mean people are sexually or romantically involved.
And in the West, physical touch becomes important when people are grieving. When there has been a death or other tragedy, our need for comfort becomes so strong that it overrides our unspoken cultural ban on physical affection. We hug strangers and acquaintances, we take people's hands and hold them, we sit next to each other and cry. Sadly, this can create a link between affection and sadness when someone's only experiences of this kind of affection come at times of deep grief. Surely if we cultivate the ability to have these experiences at other times, the association can be one of happiness and joy, of strength and community, which will serve us even better in times of grief and sadness.
I love the experience of touch, and I think we don't get enough of it. Growing up, I've experienced the gradual dropping away of physical affection from same-sex friends as homophobia and awkwardness sets in, and as that same energy is refocused toward dating and relationships. This is something I've previously tried to chip away at, for instance by getting my male friends to start hugging each other, but that's too easily turned into an ironic, faux-macho gesture. We need to delve deeper, to go beyond rejecting cliché and start actually challenging the ways we interact (or the ways we don't feel we are allowed to interact).
One of the reasons I'm so ecstatic about my partner is that she and I have pretty successfully moved past the jealousy that plagued many of the relationships of my twenties. We don't pretend to be all things to each other, and the thought of cuddling someone else is more something to consider rationally instead of a knee-jerk reaction or shutting down discussion. It's so valuable for me to feel like either of us could say anything — not that anything would be enthusiastically received or that nothing would require serious further discussion — but that there aren't any topics that have been blacklisted; nothing where we need to toe the party line in order to keep from arguing.
It's not just me: a friend who had moved away to teach at a private high school came back for a visit, and when I gave her a “welcome back” hug she was momentarily overcome with emotion. It took us both a moment to realize why this was happening. Then she said, “I just realized that I haven't actually made contact with another human being for three months.” There she had been, unaware of the sort of contactless confinement she'd fallen into even as she was surrounded by people all day long. When people relocate, we rarely acknowledge how it will also radically affect our day-to-day intimacy needs, nor do we have any systems in place to accommodate. I think future civilizations would find her lack of opportunity for benign touch disturbing. We find it normal. That's not something we should let continue; it's something we should work to change.
That is my intention with Cuddlr. Aside from finding like-minded cuddlers, it's also a way of contributing to a larger discussion about closeness, intimacy, and sexuality. Imagine how it can broaden the scope of acceptable behavior: someone might date only men, or only women, but be open to cuddles from both. Someone might generally date people who look a certain way, but cuddle people who look lots of different ways. Sometimes this might even realign their views on who they'd be happy dating; other times it will just get them more cuddles. Furthermore, there's no script for cuddling: every pair of people has to decide what's going to happen next. Will there be a big spoon and a little spoon? If so, who will be which? Will you cuddle sitting up, or lying down? How long will the cuddle last? How much talking will there be?
Aside from it being just an app for single people, I see Cuddlr as a tool for communication in couples, too: When the options for what to do with another person are “sex” and “nothing”, that sharp divide makes it easier for members of a couple to assume all of the rules, rather than explicitly discussing them. That divide is an illusion, and bringing platonic cuddling into the public discussion of commitment and monogamy-and-its-variants will help couples negotiate what they are and aren't comfortable with (and even start to explore why). People may not be willing to indulge other sex partners, but may see the appeal in the occasional bit of casual cuddling. This, of course, takes trust. But if you can't trust someone to be honest and self-controlled about cuddling, how can you trust them to be honest and self-controlled about sex, or for that matter parenting, cohabitation, feelings, or desires?
Will some people cuddle, and then decide they want more? Absolutely. Just like everything else people do together: rugby, pizza delivery, surgery, graduate degrees — some of the participants in these activities will decide they need to get it on together. So long as everyone stays communicative and respectful, this is great. Will a few people try to ‘upgrade' their cuddle mid-flight? As much as we might wish it were otherwise: yes, they probably will. For this reason, it's possible to report someone who cuddles inappropriately, and we encourage first-time pairs to do their cuddling in a public place. While there are potential risks in any activity, cuddling should be safer and more manageable than many things we do every day. The practice of actually deciding and communicating what you want and don't want is one that will benefit us not just in our romantic relationships, but also outside them, in jobs, friendships, and everyday interactions.
So, when is your next cuddle?
Cuddlr is now available on the App Store for iOS (bit.ly/Cuddlr). An Android version is coming eventually, too, settle down. Sign up at http://cuddlrapp.com to hear when the Android version arrives.
Years ago, I worked for a magazine in Delhi. I wanted to live near the magazine office, but the rent was too damn high. In a low-rent area nearby, I rented a dingy room my girlfriend named “The Black Hole.” In buildings sitting across the street from mine, rents were many folds higher. This did not make sense. It took me years to realize that I was living in an “illegal colony.”
Nearly one-third of the people in Dehli live in illegal colonies.Nearly one-third of the people in Delhi live in illegal colonies where they do not have secure property titles. Illegal colonies violate zoning regulations and master plans. Water connections, sewer lines, electricity, and roads do not function very well because illegal colonies are not even supposed to exist. Some of them are more populous than many American cities.
Rents are low, but these properties are expensive because owners expect the government to legalize them. It is difficult to redevelop these dilapidated buildings because the threat of eviction is always there. Hundreds of thousands of people who migrate to Delhi every year settle in such colonies because formal housing is too expensive. Developable land is scarce, and complying with building codes is a luxury they cannot afford.
Land Everywhere, but Nowhere to Live
Land is not scarce in Delhi, as I learned in one of those days, when a friend drove me around the city. There is enough land for everybody to live in a mansion. Delhi has nearly 20,000 parks and gardens. Large tracts of land remain idle or underutilized, either because the government owns it, or because property titles are weak. Politicians and senior bureaucrats live in mansions with vast, manicured lawns in the core of the city. Some of these political eminentoes farm on valuable urban land while firms and households move to the periphery or satellite cities where real estate prices are lower. So the average commute is long, roads are too congested, and Delhi is one of the most polluted cities in the world.
In Delhi, the floor space-to-land ratio is usually 2. In Los Angeles it can be as high as 13, and in Singapore it can get as high as 25.Zoning regulations inflict great harm. But it is difficult for Americans to imagine the cost of zoning in Indian cities. Delhi is one of the most crowded cities in the world, and there is great demand for floor space. But real estate developers are not allowed to build tall buildings. In Delhi, for apartment buildings, the regulated Floor Area Ratio (FAR) is usually 2. FAR, an urban planning concept, is the ratio of built-out floor space to the area of the plot.
This means, in Delhi, developers are not allowed to build more than 2,000 square feet of floor space on a 1,000 square feet plot. If a building stands on the whole plot, this would be a two-storey building.
To understand the harm this inflicts on the world's second-most populous city, remember that in Midtown Manhattan, FAR can go up to 15. In Los Angeles, it can get as high as 13, and in Chicago, up to 12. In Hong Kong's downtown, the highest FAR is 12, in Bahrain it is 17, and in Singapore it can get as high as 25. Not surprisingly, office space in Delhi's downtown is among the most expensive in the world. It is impossible to profitably redevelop these crumbling buildings in Delhi's downtown because they are under rent control.
Delhi is by no means an exception. There are far worse urban planning tragedies among Indian cities. Floor Area Ratios are usually between 1 and 2 in most Indian cities, though some of these cities are more populated than most countries.
I have never lived in Mumbai, where the average person consumes less floor space than an American prisoner. Mumbai is India's most prosperous city, but in 2009, the average floor space consumption in Mumbai was merely 48 square feet. There are instances of 10-12 people living in a tiny room. Over half the households have only one room. As early as 1978, a draft of the Department of Justice had accepted that prisons in the United States should offer single rooms of at least 80 square feet per man.
The High Cost of Zoning
Every day, about nine people die while traveling in Mumbai's overcrowded trains. Many of them would have survived if Mumbai had taller buildings and fewer people would have to commute into the city. Millions of migrants in Mumbai consider this a price worth paying. They live in squalid conditions, risk their lives, and squeeze themselves into congested spaces because migrating to Mumbai is their best bet to becoming far more productive overnight.
Indian wages are unusually low by global standards. It is possible to earn incomparably more by migrating to the first world. Low-skilled Indians find this almost impossible to do. It is much easier to migrate to Mumbai, where the per capita income is nearly twice the rest of India. Mumbai offers better living standards, though in many ways American prisoners are better off. Mumbai tries to prevent such migrants from coming in without so much as imposing migration restrictions. Building height regulations do not have quite the same effect, but it is close.
Nearly half the people in Mumbai live in slums, though they are not poor by Indian standards. In rent-controlled buildings, rents could be as low as 1/1000th of the market rent. Many live in crumbling rent-controlled buildings that may collapse anytime. Such buildings are redeveloped only when the government is willing to foot the bill.
The average person in Mumbai has less floor space than an American prisoner.The experience of Mumbai and Delhi with zoning regulations is merely illustrative. There is stark similarity in zoning regulations in Indian cities. In Mumbai, Delhi, and other Indian cities, the regulated FAR is nearly uniform even from commercial to residential areas. So labor markets in Mumbai are fragmented, and the average commute is close to an hour. In most cities, there is great variance between FARs of commercial and residential buildings.
In most cities, FARs are higher near mass-transit corridors. To allow redevelopment of buildings, regulated FARs are usually higher than FARs of existing buildings. Indian cities, however, do not conform to these norms. Floor area ratios in Indian cities bear little relationship to real estate prices.
Mumbai is the densest major city in the world, but in Mumbai's downtown, FAR is 1.33. This is not true of any global city. In 1964, urban planners decided to decongest Mumbai by restricting real estate development in the center. Socialists believed they could decongest Mumbai by restricting real estate development in the best parts of the city.
Like all such grand plans, this too failed. Zoning regulations did not stop people from migrating to Mumbai. Instead, migrants responded by consuming less and less floor space. They settle down in congested spaces. They build informal settlements in slums. They live in buildings where floors crack, walls crumble, rats eat infants, and clean water is rationed. They occupy rent-controlled buildings where people live so close that petty squabbles lead to riots. It is a joke on planners that Mumbai is now the most crowded city in the world.
There are, of course, many other reasons. Mumbai is one of the most geographically challenged cities in the world. Land is scarce in a city built on the narrow tip of a peninsula. Two-third of the land at a 25-kilometer radius from Mumbai's downtown is covered by water. Large tracts of publicly owned land remains idle in and around Mumbai's downtown. Much of the land that belonged to Mumbai's long-closed cotton mills remains idle too. Mumbai even has a national park that spreads over an area of 104 square kilometers.
People Are Not the Problem
Alain Bertaud, the world's foremost expert on land-use regulations in developing countries, has long been pointing out how zoning regulations have ruined Mumbai. Mumbai does not have bridges that connect the mainland to docks. As Bertaud points out, such bridges built across San Francisco Bay and Pearl River Delta have turned topographical liabilities into assets. According to Bertaud, with coastal zone regulations as stringent as Mumbai, New York, Hong Kong, Singapore, San Francisco, and Rio de Janeiro would not even have been built.
Knight Frank once estimated that a luxury home in Mumbai costs 308 times the average annual income in India. In New York, a luxury home costs only 48.4 times the average income in the United States. Planners blame this on Mumbai's rising population.
This is nonsense. In 1984, the average floor space consumption in Shanghai was 3.6 square meters. By allowing tall buildings, Shanghai raised average floor consumption to 34 square meters by 2010. Cities across the world have raised floor space consumption by allowing tall buildings. In 1910, 16 people lived on a typical floor of 920 square feet in Manhattan. In 2010, four people lived on a typical floor, because floor space consumption had risen four times.
In saner cities, when population rises, floor space consumption rises too. But this is an unpleasant truth planners do not want to hear.
A beaver attack is an attack on a human or domestic pet by a beaver. Beaver attacks are relatively uncommon but are becoming more frequently reported, because it is now more common for humans to enter and disturb the natural habitat of these animals.
Beavers have been known to be extremely aggressive in defending their territory against perceived encroachment.[1] They may attack humans when suffering from rabies,[2] and "can also become disoriented during the daytime and attack out of fear".[3] Attacks on land and in water have been recorded for both Eurasian beavers and North American beavers. The trademark sharp front teeth of both species pose a particular danger, as they are long enough to pass through limbs and cause significant bleeding.[4]
At least one beaver attack on a human is known to have been fatal: a 60-year-old fisherman in Belarus died in 2013 after a beaver a bit open an artery in his leg.[3] The incident was described by the media as "the latest in a series of beaver attacks on humans in the country", where a burgeoning beaver population has led to increased aggressive interactions with people.[3] However, others criticized the victim, noting that he likely provoked the attack when he grabbed the beaver in an effort to take a photo with it.[5]
Non-fatal attacks on humans have included: an attack on a saltwater snorkeler off the coast of Nova Scotia, which was unusual given that beavers are usually limited to fresh water;[4] the mauling of an elderly woman in Virginia by a rabid beaver;[2] an attack on a Boy Scout leader in Pennsylvania, after which members of the Scout troop killed the rabid animal by stoning;[6] and an attack on a man swimming in Dobra River, Croatia.[7]
Beaver attacks can also be fatal for domestic animals. A dog died during surgery after being bitten by a beaver in 2010 at University Lake in Alaska, where a number of unprovoked attacks against pets were recorded.[8] A husky was killed by a beaver attack in Alberta, which has also had several non-fatal attacks.[9]
Culture [ edit ]
A mid-1990s interview recounting a beaver attack is among the most frequently requested recordings from the archives of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation.[10]
Molson Canadian incorporated a beaver attack into an advertisement that portrayed a Canadian drinker's stereotypical pet attacking a mocking American in a bar.[11]
Signs and symptoms Edit
Causes Edit
Causes of AvPD are not clearly defined,[17] but appear to be influenced by a combination of social, genetic and psychological factors. The disorder may be related to temperamental factors that are inherited.[18][19] Specifically, various anxiety disorders in childhood and adolescence have been associated with a temperament characterized by behavioral inhibition, including features of being shy, fearful and withdrawn in new situations.[20] These inherited characteristics may give an individual a genetic predisposition towards AvPD.[21] Childhood emotional neglect[22][23][24][25] and peer group rejection[26] are both associated with an increased risk for the development of AvPD.[18] Some researchers believe a combination of high-sensory-processing sensitivity coupled with adverse childhood experiences may heighten the risk of an individual developing AvPD.[4]
Subtypes Edit
Millon Edit Psychologist Theodore Millon notes that because most patients present a mixed picture of symptoms, their personality disorder tends to be a blend of a major personality disorder type with one or more secondary personality disorder types. He identified four adult subtypes of avoidant personality disorder.[27][28] Subtype and description Personality traits Phobic avoidant (including dependent features) General apprehensiveness displaced with avoidable tangible precipitant; qualms and disquietude symbolized by repugnant and specific dreadful object or circumstances. Conflicted avoidant (including negativistic features) Internal discord and dissension; fears dependence; unsettled; unreconciled within self; hesitating, confused, tormented, paroxysmic, embittered; unresolvable angst. Hypersensitive avoidant (including paranoid features) Intensely wary and suspicious; alternately panicky, terrified, edgy, and timorous, then thin-skinned, high-strung, petulant, and prickly. Self-deserting avoidant (including depressive features) Blocks or fragments self awareness; discards painful images and memories; casts away untenable thoughts and impulses; ultimately jettisons self (suicidal).[28] Others Edit In 1993, Lynn E. Alden and Martha J. Capreol proposed two other subtypes of avoidant personality disorder:[29] Subtype Features Cold-avoidant Characterised by an inability to experience and express positive emotion towards others. Exploitable-avoidant Characterised by an inability to express anger towards others or to resist coercion from others. May be at risk for abuse by others.
Diagnosis Edit
Treatment Edit
Treatment of avoidant personality disorder can employ various techniques, such as social skills training, psychotherapy, cognitive therapy, and exposure treatment to gradually increase social contacts, group therapy for practicing social skills, and sometimes drug therapy.[31] A key issue in treatment is gaining and keeping the patient's trust, since people with avoidant personality disorder will often start to avoid treatment sessions if they distrust the therapist or fear rejection. The primary purpose of both individual therapy and social skills group training is for individuals with avoidant personality disorder to begin challenging their exaggerated negative beliefs about themselves.[32] Significant improvement in the symptoms of personality disorders is possible, with the help of treatment and individual effort.[33]
Prognosis Edit
Being a personality disorder, which are usually chronic and long-lasting mental conditions, avoidant personality disorder is not expected to improve with time without treatment. It is a poorly studied personality disorder and in light of prevalence rates, societal costs, and the current state of research, AvPD qualifies as a neglected disorder.[34]
Controversy Edit
There is controversy as to whether avoidant personality disorder (AvPD) is distinct from generalized social anxiety disorder. Both have similar diagnostic criteria and may share a similar causation, subjective experience, course, treatment and identical underlying personality features, such as shyness.[35][36][37] It is contended by some that they are merely different conceptualisations of the same disorder, where avoidant personality disorder may represent the more severe form.[38][39] In particular, those with AvPD experience not only more severe social phobia symptoms, but are also more depressed and more functionally impaired than patients with generalized social phobia alone.[39] But they show no differences in social skills or performance on an impromptu speech.[40] Another difference is that social phobia is the fear of social circumstances whereas AvPD is better described as an aversion to intimacy in relationships.[31]
Epidemiology Edit
Data from the 2001–02 National Epidemiologic Survey on Alcohol and Related Conditions indicates a prevalence rate of 2.36% in the American general population.[41] It appears to occur with equal frequency in males and females.[42] In one study, it was seen in 14.7% of psychiatric outpatients.[43]
History Edit
The avoidant personality has been described in several sources as far back as the early 1900s, although it was not so named for some time. Swiss psychiatrist Eugen Bleuler described patients who exhibited signs of avoidant personality disorder in his 1911 work Dementia Praecox: Or the Group of Schizophrenias.[44] Avoidant and schizoid patterns were frequently confused or referred to synonymously until Kretschmer (1921),[45] in providing the first relatively complete description, developed a distinction.
See also Edit
Charles Kane never thought he would be cavorting with topologists. “I don't think like a mathematician,” admits Kane, a theoretical physicist who has tended to focus on tangible problems about solid materials. He is not alone. Physicists have typically paid little attention to topology—the mathematical study of shapes and their arrangement in space. But now Kane and other physicists are flocking to the field.
In the past decade, they have found that topology provides unique insight into the physics of materials, such as how some insulators can sneakily conduct electricity along a single-atom layer on their surfaces.
Some of these topological effects were uncovered in the 1980s, but only in the past few years have researchers begun to realize that they could be much more prevalent and bizarre than anyone expected. Topological materials have been “sitting in plain sight, and people didn't think to look for them”, says Kane, who is at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia.
Now, topological physics are truly exploding: it seems increasingly rare to see a paper on solid-state physics that doesn't have the word topology in the title. And experimentalists are about to get even busier. A study on page 298 of this week's Nature unveils an atlas of materials that might host topological effects, giving physicists many more places to go looking for bizarre states of matter such as Weyl fermions or quantum-spin liquids.
Scientists hope that topological materials could eventually find applications in faster, more efficient computer chips, or even in fanciful quantum computers. And the materials are already being used as virtual laboratories to test predictions about exotic and undiscovered elementary particles and the laws of physics. Many researchers say that the real reward of topological physics will be a deeper understanding of the nature of matter itself. “Emergent phenomena in topological physics are probably all around us—even in a piece of rock,” says Zahid Hasan, a physicist at Princeton University in New Jersey.
Some of the most fundamental properties of subatomic particles are, at their heart, topological. Take the spin of the electron, for example, which can point up or down. Flip an electron from up to down, and then up again, and you might think that this 360° rotation would return the particle to its original state. But that's not the case.
In the strange world of quantum physics, an electron can also be represented as a wavefunction that encodes information about the particle, such as the probability of finding it in a particular spin state. Counterintuitively, a 360° rotation actually shifts the phase of the wavefunction, so that the wave's crests become troughs and vice versa. It takes another full 360° turn to finally bring the electron and its wavefunction back to their starting states.
This is exactly what happens in one of mathematicians' favorite topological oddities: the Möbius strip, formed by giving a ribbon a single twist and then gluing its ends together. If an ant crawled one full loop of the ribbon, it would find itself on the opposite side from where it started. It must make another full circuit before it can return to its initial position.
The ant's situation is not just an analogy for what happens to the electron's wavefunction—it actually occurs within an abstract geometric space made of quantum waves. It's as if each electron contains a tiny Möbius strip that carries a little bit of interesting topology. All kinds of particles that share this property, including quarks and neutrinos, are known as fermions; those that do not, such as photons, are bosons.
Most physicists study quantum concepts such as spin without worrying about their topological meaning. But in the 1980s, theorists such as David Thouless of the University of Washington in Seattle began to suspect that topology might be responsible for a surprising phenomenon called the quantum Hall effect, which had just been discovered. This effect sees the electrical resistance in a single-atom-thick layer of a crystal jump in discrete steps when the material is placed in magnetic fields of different intensities. Crucially, the resistance remains unchanged by fluctuations in temperature, or by impurities in the crystal. Such robustness was unheard of, says Hasan, and it is one of the key attributes of topological states that physicists are now eager to exploit.
Physics with a twist
In 1982, Thouless and his colleagues unravelled the topology behind the quantum Hall effect, which ultimately helped to win Thouless a share of last year's Nobel Prize in Physics. Like the electron's spin, this topology occurs in an abstract space. But in this case, the underlying shape is not a Möbius strip, but the surface of a doughnut. As the magnetic field ramps up and down, vortices can form and disappear on the surface, like the wind pattern around the eye of a hurricane.
Vortices have a property known as a winding number, which describes how many times they loop around a central point. Winding numbers are topological invariants—they do not change as the shape is deformed. And the total sum of the winding numbers of vortices that wink in and out of existence as a magnetic field is applied around the doughnut always stays the same. That sum is called the Chern number, named after the Chinese-American mathematician Shiing-Shen Chern. It had been known to topologists since the 1940s.
The most astounding discovery was yet to come. Until the mid-2000s, the quantum Hall effect and other topological effects had been seen only in the presence of strong magnetic fields. But Kane and his colleagues, and separately another team, realized that some insulators made from heavy elements could provide their own magnetic fields through internal interactions between electrons and atomic nuclei. This gave electrons on the surface of the material robust, ‘topologically protected' states, which allowed them to flow with next to no resistance. By 2008, Hasan's group had demonstrated the effect in crystals of bismuth antimonide, which were dubbed topological insulators. “That was the beginning of the fun,” he says.
The discovery shook the physics world, says Edward Witten, a theoretician at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton and the only physicist ever to have won a Fields Medal, the most coveted award in mathematics. Far from being exotic exceptions, topological states now seemed to offer a vast array of possibilities for discovering unknown effects in nature, he says. “The paradigm has changed.”
One of the biggest surprises was that these states could often be explained by theories that had been invented to solve completely different problems, such as reconciling gravity with quantum physics. Concepts such as Witten's topological quantum-field theories, which had subsequently led to breakthroughs in pure mathematics, were now coming back to physics in unexpected places. “It was a marvellous circle of ideas,” says mathematician Michael Atiyah, another Fields medallist, who is now at the University of Cambridge, UK, and who also worked on these theories.
Sheer weirdness
Another major source of excitement is that in a topological material, electrons and other particles can sometimes form states in which they collectively behave as if they were one elementary particle. These ‘quasiparticle' states may have properties that are not present in any known elementary particle (see page 324). They could even mimic particles that physicists have yet to discover.
Some of the most hotly anticipated quasiparticles were found two years ago. Known as Weyl fermions, or fermions without mass, they were conjectured in the 1920s by the mathematician Hermann Weyl. All of the fermions that have been discovered in the menagerie of conventional particles have some mass. But Hasan calculated that topological effects inside crystals of tantalum arsenide should create massless quasiparticles that act like Weyl fermions. For a quasiparticle, being massless means that it moves at the same speed whatever its energy. In 2015, Hasan's team confirmed that experimentally, as did a group led by Hongming Weng at the Chinese Academy of Sciences in Beijing. Researchers hope that these sorts of material might one day be used in applications such as superfast transistors. Electrons moving through a crystal usually scatter when they hit an impurity, which slows their progress, but the topological effects in Hasan's tantalum arsenide crystals allow electrons to travel unimpeded.
Meanwhile, Marin Soljai, a physicist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Cambridge, and his colleagues had observed something very similar to Weyl fermions, but in electromagnetic waves rather than in a solid crystal. First, they built a gyroid structure—a mesmerizing 3D pattern that looks like a system of interlocking spiral staircases—by carefully drilling holes through a stack of plastic slabs. Then they fired microwaves at the gyroid, and saw that the photons—which are massless bosons—were behaving like the Weyl fermion quasiparticles in Hasan's material. One of the most exciting prospects for this booming area of topological photonics would be to use crystals to create optical fibres that allow light to go in only one direction. This would prevent light from bouncing back off imperfections and would dramatically increase the efficiency of long-distance transmissions.
On the sheer weirdness scale, perhaps the only quasiparticles that top Soljai's boson–fermions are curious things called anyons. Ordinarily, individual particles can be either fermions or bosons. But anyons—quasiparticles that live in 2D, atom-thin materials—break that rule. Researchers can observe this transgression when two identical particles swap places. In bosons, the swap has no effect on the collective wavefunction; for fermions, it shifts their wavefunctions' phases by 180°, similar to what happens when a single electron does a 360° turn. But for anyons, the phase of the wavefunction changes by an angle that depends on the type of anyon. What's more, theory suggests that in some cases, swapping the anyons back again does not restore their original wavefunction.
So if researchers could create several of these anyons next to each other and shuffle them around, their quantum states would ‘remember' how they had been shuffled. Physicists can visualize this process by adding the anyon's 2D spatial motions to a third dimension, representing time. The result is a tracery of lines that tangle together into beautiful braids. In principle, such braided states could be used to encode quantum bits, or qubits, the units of information in quantum computers. Their topology would protect the qubits from external noise, something that has plagued every other technology for storing quantum information.
In 2005, Microsoft made a big investment in quantum braids when it put mathematician Michael Freedman in charge of its efforts on quantum computing. Freedman had bagged a Fields Medal in 1986 for cracking the topology of 4D spheres, and went on to develop some of the key ideas about braiding qubits in the 1990s. Initially, Freedman's team focused mostly on the theory side. But late last year, Microsoft hired several star experimentalists from academia. One of them was physicist Leo Kouwenhoven of the Delft University of Technology in the Netherlands, who in 2012 was the first to confirm experimentally that particles such as anyons remember how they are swapped. He is now setting up a new Microsoft lab at the Delft campus, which aims to demonstrate that anyons can encode qubits and do simple quantum computations. The approach is at least two decades behind other forms of quantum computing, but Freedman thinks that the robustness of topological qubits will ultimately win the day. “If you're going to build a new technology, you have to get the foundation right,” he says. Hasan is attempting similar experiments, but thinks that topological quantum computers are at least four decades away. “My projection is that topological phases of matter will remain in university labs for many years,” he says.
A topological atlas
There might be a way to speed up the work, however. Experimentalists looking for new topological insulators have conventionally relied on a laborious process that involves calculating the possible energies of electrons in each material to predict its properties.
A team led by theoretical physicist Andrei Bernevig of Princeton University has now found a shortcut. The researchers created an atlas of topological matter by looking at all 230 different symmetries that can exist in a material's crystal structure. Then they systematically predicted which of these symmetries could, in principle, accommodate topological states, without having to first calculate all their energy levels. They think that between 10% and 30% of all materials could display topological effects, potentially amounting to tens of thousands of compounds. Until now, only a few hundred of these topological materials had been identified. “It turns out that what we know so far is just a small part of a multitude of topological materials that can exist, and there's a lot more,” Bernevig says.
The team included three specialists in the mathematics of crystals at the University of the Basque Country in Bilbao, Spain, and researchers will soon be able to consult the Bilbao Crystallographic Server to find out whether a particular crystalline material is potentially topological. Wei Li, a physicist at Tsinghua University in Beijing, says that Bernevig's method is “definitely a more efficient way” to search for new topological insulators. “I believe there will be a lot of new materials coming out,” he says.
“Knowing that a material has some topological state of matter, however, does not mean immediately predicting its properties,” cautions co-author Claudia Felser, a materials scientist at the Max Planck Institute for Chemical Physics of Solids in Dresden, Germany. These properties will still have to be calculated and measured for each material, she says.
Most of the topological materials studied so far—including those in Bernevig's atlas—have been relatively easy to understand, because the electrons inside them feel very little of each other's electrostatic repulsion. The next big challenge for theorists is to understand ‘strongly interacting' topological materials, in which the electrons push hard against one another. If theorists can crack that, Hasan says, “you'll find a whole zoo of new physics phenomena that we cannot even imagine”.
It is this interplay between maths and physics that lies at the heart of the field, says Kane: “What drives me is the intersection of something which is both incredibly beautiful, and also comes to life in the real world.”
This article is reproduced with permission and was first published on July 19, 2017.
Cassini delivers this stunning vista showing small, battered Epimetheus and smog-enshrouded Titan, with Saturn's A and F rings stretching across the scene.
The color information in the colorized view is completely artificial: it is derived from red, green and blue images taken at nearly the same time and phase angle as the clear filter image. This color information was overlaid onto the previously released clear filter view (see Stunning Vistas) in order to approximate the scene as it might appear to human eyes.
The prominent dark region visible in the A ring is the Encke gap (325 kilometers, or 200 miles wide), in which the moon Pan (26 kilometers, or 16 miles across) and several narrow ringlets reside. Moon-driven features which score the A ring can easily be seen to the left and right of the Encke gap.
A couple of bright clumps can be seen in the F ring.
Epimetheus is 116 kilometers (72 miles) across and giant Titan is 5,150 kilometers (3,200 miles) across.
The view was acquired with the Cassini spacecraft narrow-angle camera on April 28, 2006, at a distance of approximately 667,000 kilometers (415,000 miles) from Epimetheus and 1.8 million kilometers (1.1 million miles) from Titan. The image captures the illuminated side of the rings. The image scale is 4 kilometers (2 miles) per pixel on Epimetheus and 11 kilometers (7 miles) per pixel on Titan.
The Cassini-Huygens mission is a cooperative project of NASA, the European Space Agency and the Italian Space Agency. The Jet Propulsion Laboratory, a division of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, manages the mission for NASA's Science Mission Directorate, Washington, D.C. The Cassini orbiter and its two onboard cameras were designed, developed and assembled at JPL. The imaging operations center is based at the Space Science Institute in Boulder, Colo.
Ezekiel 16:49-50 (NLT) Sodom's sins were pride, gluttony, and laziness, while the poor and needy suffered outside her door. She was proud and committed detestable sins, so I wiped her out, as you have seen.
Most of us in the church world, at some point, have heard preachers, right-wing Christian media or leaders talk about the sin of Sodom. Those Sodomites. Sodomization. The abhorrent abomination that was Sodom and Gomorrah! And there was never any question what they were talking about when you heard about Sodom: homosexuals. Perversion. Men having sex with men and a lust of the flesh that lead them down a dark path to the point that they wanted to even rape male angels of God! And that was that: God punished Sodom because of the gays. Because sexual perversion had reached such a pinnacle peak that there was not one righteous person left in the city, and God had to burn it! This “fact” has so been embedded, so sure in the minds of many conservative Christians that it has led to entire new theories, doctrines, books and even influenced politics. Here is their reasoning: if our society is, once again, sinking into the moral sinkhole of the abomination of the gays of Sodom, then fiery judgment will come upon the United States! Make no mistake, that when you hear the religious right and conservative politicians talk about getting back to “family values” and saving America from the moral corruption overtaking us, they have “SODOM” emblazoned on their metaphorical foreheads.
However, there is just one small problem with this… the Bible does not say homosexuality was the sin of Sodom. Being gay, as we know it in our culture today, had nothing to do with Sodom and Gomorrah at all. It is absolutely mind-boggling to me how so many could completely overlook the point of this often-mis-quoted Biblical account. One must only actually read Genesis 19 to see this, and then read Ezekiel 16:49-50 for a further interpretation, context and complete understanding that makes the reason for the fire and brimstone crystal clear. CRYSTAL. But I will start with Genesis.
Violence, sexual violence, mob mentality and other “sins” which are not yet identified have overtaken this city in Genesis 19. The men of the town are so corrupt and violent that they come in a mob to Lot's house demanding to be given the visiting strangers so they can rape them. Lot, showing the level of acceptance of this culture he has reached and his own desensitization to sin, offers instead his own virgin daughters to the men to rape! The town is so unsafe, so full of violence that there has been a breakdown of order. Chaos, mobs and sexual violence rule. The angels of God practically have to drag Lot away, begging him to save his own life and that of his family (which says a lot about Lot and has further consequences if you read on). This breakdown of society had nothing to do with homosexuality, but everything to do with moral depravity. The men of the town were motivated by violence, wanting to rape, possibly kill, the visitors. They were ready to beat down the door of their neighbor to do this. This was not monogamous gay marriage, Will and Grace, Elton John's wedding or your friendly lesbian neighbors who are raising their family! It had nothing to do with being gay, and it is not inferred as such in the scripture.
The problem is that people have continued to use this narrative for the purpose of applause lines, political purposes, or maybe because they were simply under false teaching and genuinely believed it to be true, never actually checking the Bible for themselves. Mankind misusing and twisting scripture, once again. So one must ask, or should be asking, how did the city get to the point where a foreigner cannot visit and walk outside a house without threat of gang rape? What were the sins of Sodom that lead to the Genesis 19, verse 13 proclamation: “…we are going to destroy this place. The outcry to the Lord against its people is so great that he has sent us to destroy it”? It does not tell us in Genesis what this outcry was besides showing us the point to which this city had fallen, but in the book of Ezekiel it explains it quite well. Crystal clear.
“Sodom's sins were pride, gluttony, and laziness, while the poor and needy suffered outside her door. She was proud and committed detestable sins, so I wiped her out, as you have seen Ezekiel 16:49-50 (NLT).” Another translation reads, “Now this was the sin of your sister Sodom: She and her daughters were arrogant, overfed and unconcerned; they did not help the poor and needy. They were haughty and did detestable things before me…(NIV)” Proud. Greedy. Unconcerned while the poor and needy were suffering. Arrogance. This was the sin of Sodom. Every time those who were “overfed” and arrogant denied the needs of the poor, the vulnerable in society – that was the outcry against the Lord, clearly. Crystal.
This understanding of the truth of God's word changes things. When we preach about fire and brimstone, abomination before the Lord and how America is morally and spiritually failing, I will not deny that I believe this is absolutely true, according to the Bible, which says: They were GREEDY! PRIDEFUL! They had plenty while showing no concern for the POOR, the SICK, the VULNERABLE! Put this into context in today's language and this is what we have: those who have plenty but wish to deny the sick health care they need. Those who themselves can afford to take care of the health needs of an aging parent or the special needs of a disabled child, but are unconcerned with the plight of those who have no way to pay for such care, to the point that they are willing to move all heaven and earth to desperately pass a bill to strip away even the hope of the availability of health care for millions. The poorest of the poor in society who rely on Medicaid and food stamps because their jobs don't pay enough to buy both food and rent and health care, or they are disabled and have no options. This is the abomination.
What is the sin of the New Sodom? Looking on as people share their stories, one after another, about what will happen to their lives if an already too-expensive health care system is dismantled and defunded, yet callously going about spending their energy on doing just that. Giving gifts in the form of tax breaks to those few who already have plenty, while millions are suffering outside their door. Proud and detestable. And it does not end at health care: homelessness is on the rise, and they want to defund affordable housing initiatives. Extreme poverty and hunger affects millions in the richest country on earth, yet they are against a livable wage and want to cut food stamps. Mentally ill individuals and drug addicts are in prison instead of receiving the care they need, as private prison profits line their donor's pockets. All of this is the epitome of a Biblical definition of Sodom.
Ironically, it is this same group who spends great resources to fight LGBT rights. They're out protesting about where people use the toilet in public restrooms, who can serve in our military and who gets married to whom. If their core reason for doing so has anything to do with what they were taught about the sins of Sodom, may they receive this as a new Sunday school lesson, not from Christina Forrester but straight out of the Word of God, which I believe is “living and active, sharper than any two-edged sword (Hebrews 4:12).” The real moral decline in our nation does indeed scare me. Because the right-wing Evangelicals, “Trump-vangelicals” and religious right might actually be right – God's judgment will be upon our nation if we allow the values of New Sodom to take over.
God, save us from the New Sodom.
About Pyganim
Pyganim (pronounced like "pig" and "animation") is a Python module for Pygame that makes it easy to add sprite animations to your Pygame game programs. Pyganim works with Python 2 and Python 3.
The mascot of Pyganim is a red vitruvian pig.
Pyganim was written by Al Sweigart and released under a "Simplified BSD" license. Contact Al with any questions/bug reports: [email protected]
Download
Download pyganim.py
Download example programs
Pyganim requires that Python and Pygame are installed.
Documentation
Completely New to Programming?
All of the classes and methods used in Pyganim are explained in the Read The Docs documentation site
If you don't know how to program, it's a fun and useful skill to learn. The creator of Pyganim is also the author of a free programming book aimed at complete beginners: Invent Your Own Computer Games with Python.
The Pyganim Example Programs
You can see examples of programs that use the Pyganim module here:
Download example programs
Here are some (not animated) screenshots of the example programs:
THE MOODY BLUES TO EMBARK ON HISTORIC “DAYS OF FUTURE PASSED – 50TH ANNIVERSARY TOUR”
PERFORMING THEIR ICONIC ALBUM LIVE ONSTAGE IN ITS ENTIRETY – FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER
LEGENDARY BAND TO BRING AUDIENCES ACROSS THE U.S. AND CANADA A FIRST-EVER LIVE TOUR OF THEIR ENTIRE LANDMARK ALBUM FEATURING “NIGHTS IN WHITE SATIN,” “TUESDAY AFTERNOON” AND MORE; PLUS GREATEST HITS
TOUR BEGINS JUNE 3 THROUGH JULY 23
Los Angeles, CA (Feburary 16, 2017)– The Moody Blues will launch a special live tour celebrating the 50th Anniversary of their iconic, landmark album, DAYS OF FUTURE PASSED, which was originally released in 1967. The band will reflect back on five decades of some of the most well beloved music in pop culture history this summer, when they perform live onstage, for the first-time ever, their epic album that marked the first time a rock band had fused their sound with a symphony orchestra. The tour, titled DAYS OF FUTURE PASSED – 50TH ANNIVERSARY, will bring the live excitement of seeing the band perform their greatest hits in the first half, and then finish with DAYS OF FUTURE PASSED performed in the second half. The tour begins on June 3 in Rancho Mirage, California, and continues through July 23 in Atlanta, Georgia, hitting 25 cities (and 28 performances), including Los Angeles, New York, Chicago, Boston, Philadelphia, Minneapolis, Milwaukee, Seattle, Baltimore, Denver, Cleveland, Nashville, and many more.
Fans will have waited 50 years to experience this moment in time, as the band's first full-length studio album, DAYS OF FUTURE PASSED, was a ground-breaking concept album when it was first released. So unique in its approach, the recording of their first studio album turned out to be pieced of music history. Their record label, Decca Records, had requested that the band record an album to test “stereo recording,” which was in its infancy at the time. Being primarily a classical label, The Moody Blues were asked to record a rock version of Dvorak's 9th Symphony. The band complied, but wanted to record it on their own terms. Behind closed doors, they came up with the concept of fusing classical music with rock, but written to their own soundtrack. The result was DAYS OF FUTURE PASSED, an album that today, many consider a masterpiece – featuring one full album without breaks, chronicling “a day in the life of” a person with songs that include: “The Day Begins,” “Dawn: Dawn Is a Feeling,” “The Morning: Another Morning,” “Lunch Break: Peak Hour,” “Tuesday Afternoon (Forever Afternoon),” “Evening Time to Get Away”; Twilight Time” and “The Night: Nights In White Satin.”
From DAYS, the song “Tuesday Afternoon” became a massive worldwide hit, and “Nights In White Satin” marked one of the first four minute songs played on the radio, going on to become one of the biggest selling singles in history, and hitting #1 three separate times on Billboard. The ultimate result: one of the greatest-selling albums of all-time.
Says Hayward, “Little did we know when we made DAYS OF FUTURE PASSED that it would eventually change our lives — it took five long years to make it the top of the charts. But we mustn't take all the credit for this remarkable project — there were many creative minds who contributed at the time, and who believed in us when we were young and inexperienced. We just wrote the songs — about every-man. My dearest wish is that maybe the album has made the world a better place. It will be a joy to return to it, live.”
Adds Lodge, “DAYS OF FUTURE PASSED…seven days that changed my world…”
From the time the British band first hit the rock scene, The Moody Blues have continued to produce music that bridge the gap between rock, classical and pop-rock genres. Featuring guitarist/vocalist Justin Hayward, bassist/vocalist John Lodge, and drummer Graeme Edge, The Moody Blues' sound has held its ground in a genre of music that is ever-changing.
The Moody Blues have sold in excess of 70 million albums worldwide and have been awarded 14 platinum and gold discs. Their roster of hits includes: “Nights In White Satin,” “Tuesday Afternoon,” “Ride My See Saw,” “The Story In Your Eyes,” “Isn't Life Strange,” “Question,” “I'm Just A Singer (In A Rock And Roll Band),” “Your Wildest Dreams,” and “I Know You're Out There Somewhere,” to name a few. The Moody Blues' No. 1, Top 5, Top 10, Top 20, Top 40, Multi-Platinum, Platinum and Gold albums and singles, have generated sold-out tours on a consistent basis over the course of several decades, making them one of the top-grossing album and touring bands of all time.
“DAYS OF FUTURE PASSED – 50TH ANNIVERSARY TOUR” dates are as follows:
6/3/17 Agua Caliente Casino Rancho Mirage, CA
6/4/17 Starlight Theater Pala, CA
6/6/17 The Mountain Winery Saratoga, CA
6/7/17 The Mountain Winery Saratoga, CA
6/9/17 Edgefield Portland (Troutdale), OR
6/10/17 Chateau Ste. Michelle Seattle (Woodinville), WA
6/11/17 Chateau Ste. Michelle Seattle (Woodinville), WA
6/17/17 Hollywood Bowl Los Angeles, CA
6/18/17 Ironstone Amphitheatre Murphys, CA
6/20/17 Fiddler's Green Amphitheatre Denver (Englewood), CO
6/27/17 Orpheum Theatre Minneapolis, MN
6/28/17 Milwaukee Summerfest Milwaukee, WI
6/30/17 Ravinia Park Chicago (Highland Park), IL
7/1/17 Fraze Pavilion for the Performing Arts Dayton (Kettering,) OH
7/2/17 Hard Rock Live Cleveland (Northfield), OH
7/6/17 Sony Centre For Performing Arts Toronto, ON
7/7/17 Sony Centre For Performing Arts Toronto, ON
7/9/17 Toyota Presents the Oakdale Theatre Wallingford, CT
7/10/17 Blue Hills Bank Pavilion Boston, MA
7/12/17 Nikon at Jones Beach Theater Wantaugh, NY
7/13/17 PNC Bank Arts Center Holmdel, NJ
7/15/17 Mann Center for the Performing Arts Philadelphia, PA
7/16/17 Saratoga Performing Arts Center Saratoga Springs, NY
7/18/17 Sands Bethlehem Events Center Bethlehem, PA
7/19/17 Pier 6 Pavilion Baltimore, MD
7/20/17 Wolf Trap Vienna, VA
7/22/17 Ryman Auditorium Nashville, TN
7/23/17 Chastain Park Amphitheatre Atlanta, GA
For ticket and VIP Package information visit: www.MoodyBluesToday.com/tour.
Gays in the military can wed their partners on base with a military chaplain -- if the ceremony is in a state where gay marriage is legal and the chaplain's religious affiliation permits clergy to officiate at same-sex marriages, according to Religion News Service.
The CNN Belief Blog writes that the two paragraph Pentagon memo, made public Friday,
... carefully stops short of fully embracing the idea of same-sex marriage, saying that "a military chaplain's participation in a private ceremony does not constitute an endorsement of the ceremony by DoD" (the Department of Defense).
The chaplain corps has been in uproar over DADT -- pro and con -- for years and conservative Christian groups say ending the policy puts chaplains in a religious liberty bind. During the summer, the U.S.House of Representatives tried unsuccessfully to block gay weddings on bases.
But even for couples who do wed, benefits won't change much:
Existing standards of personal conduct, such as those pertaining to public displays of affection, will continue regardless of sexual orientation.
This article originally appeared on AlterNet.
Watching the results of the 2016 presidential election unfold, I was struck with the immediate fear that this will likely bring about the end of the tumultuous ride that was the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare.
Advertisement:
Obamacare is far from the solution to our complex health care system. We all have seen the projections regarding how much costs are going up — 116 percent in Arizona and above 50 percent in six other states. I personally know several individuals and families who, given this hike in cost, are going to make the tough choice to take the penalty and live in the risky world of the uninsured, because they cannot afford their new rates. This is unacceptable and was the whole impetus behind the Affordable Care Act.
I understand why many Americans are frustrated and express the desire to blow up the system. But let's not make the folly of forgetting all of the amazing steps forward that this legislation made possible. No longer could insurance deny coverage or hike up costs because of pre-existing conditions. No longer could chronically or catastrophically ill patients reach lifetime maximum payouts. More than 20 million Americans gained coverage who did not have it previously. Medicaid was expanded and numerous waivers helped families avoid the financial strain of medical costs, particularly poor Americans (if their states accepted it).
When these features are spelled out, it is hard to imagine why anyone would want to repeal the Affordable Care Act without a viable alternative. And that brings me to my family.
In February 2014, my wife and I welcomed our first child to the world. In the first days of her young life, our daughter Juniper appeared to be perfectly healthy and happy. And then we took her in for her initial two-week appointment. What started with the pediatrician noticing her breathing was slightly deeper than normal quickly turned into our daughter being admitted to the hospital and on the verge of death within days. She was diagnosed with dilated cardiomyopathy, a relatively rare heart condition in which the heart is structurally fine, yet does not function as it should. This causes the heart to work much harder and become increasingly larger and more ineffective.
After unsuccessfully treating it pharmaceutically, it was determined that our three-week-old daughter would require a heart transplant. For the next six months, we lived in the hospital and waited for a matching heart to become available. Our daughter made it this long because she was surgically attached to a giant live-saving machine, the Berlin Heart, which pumped blood for her failed heart. She eventually received her transplant and is now living the relatively normal life of a toddler. Unfortunately, a transplant is not a cure, and she has to take numerous prescriptions daily and will need another transplant at some indeterminate time in the future. The pain of knowing the reality and existence our daughter faces hangs over me and my wife every day.
The pain I haven't been forced to feel, though, is the pain of the financial strain that traditionally comes with devastating medical diagnoses in this country. Juniper's medical bills throughout the first year of her ordeal totaled more than $3 million. Because of Obamacare and the fact that we live in a state that embraced it, she qualified for a Medicaid waiver. Once this waiver came through, our financial burden was mostly lifted. Additionally, we did not have to worry about the fact that she might not ever get covered, or be forced to pay ridiculous premiums, or hit a lifetime maximum payout within the first few months of her life. The donor, donor's family, doctors, nurses, specialists and medical technology saved our daughter. Obamacare saved our family.
Advertisement:
Juniper, like many people across this country, did nothing to bring this condition upon herself. Through testing, we discovered that she had a completely random genetic mutation that caused her cardiomyopathy. My wife and I do not share the same mutation. There's no way we could have known about it or prevented it. Through sheer bad luck, Juniper entered this world with the cards stacked against her. I am a teacher. My wife recently became a nurse. Like most Americans, bills totaling $3 million and vital medications that cost $1,000 a month would bankrupt us — particularly because one of her prescriptions isn't generic and another is a compound, which allows her insurance not to cover either of them.
I have to think that most Americans want to keep these aspects of the ACA. While we never anticipate medical catastrophe to land on our doorsteps, it can happen to any of us. One takeaway from spending half a year living in a children's hospital is realizing how many families face the reality of chronic or terminal illness. I have to believe that nobody wants to see them lose everything while dealing with tragedy. To ensure that we keep these things, there must be a feasible and viable alternative in place.
If Obamacare is repealed without setting up an alternative that places similar regulations on the health insurance field, what is to stop insurance companies from returning to the same nefarious, calculated practices of denying coverage or payment that prompted President Obama to act? What will families like mine, and those who are less fortunate, do if the Medicaid expansions and waivers disappear? Even if something as seemingly innocuous as the personal and employer mandate — which is actually what earns the most scorn from the ACA's opponents — is scrapped, that would render Obamacare financially insolvable, as many more millions of Americans would simply choose to leave the system, placing the financial burden on fewer people.
Whatever route is taken in the months after President-elect Donald Trump takes office will give us all insight into what kind of leader he will be. In the recent past, he has advocated for a single-payer government-provided health care system. However, when pressed on it during the primaries, he disavowed that notion. He has proposed changes as simple as allowing for insurance trades to occur across state lines, which probably wouldn't be enough to satisfy the Repeal Obamacare crowd. More recently, once news of the 2017 rate hikes hit, his talking point moved to unequivocally dismantling it. In which case, he will instantaneously cause conceivably millions of his voters and their family members to lose coverage. Simultaneously, he will further ostracize Hillary Clinton voters, who boast a 71-percent approval rating of Obamacare. GOP senators and representatives will also show us if they really think their constituents want Obamacare gone, or if their repeated efforts to repeal it were political theater aimed at pandering to voters while banking on the knowledge that President Obama would always veto their efforts.
Advertisement:
Meanwhile, I, like many of my fellow Americans, may be on the cusp of financial ruin, simply for trying to keep my two-year-old daughter alive.
Abstract: Which instructions and addressing modes are used most often. What is the average instruction length.
Which instruction is the most common one in your code? In this test, three popular open-source applications were disassembled and analysed with a Basic script:
All programs were developed with Microsoft Visual C++ 6.0.
Most frequent instructions
The most popular instruction is MOV (35% of all instructions). Note that PUSH is twice more common than POP. These instructions are used in pairs for preserving EBP, ESI, EDI, and EDX registers across function calls, and PUSH is also used for passing arguments to functions; that's why it is more frequent. CALLs to functions are also very popular.
More than 50% of all code is dedicated to moving things between registers and memory (MOV), passing arguments, saving registers (PUSH, POP), and calling functions (CALL). Only 4th instruction (CMP) and the following ones (ADD, LEA, TEST, XOR) do actual calculations.
From conditional jumps, JE and JNE (equal and not equal) are the most popular. CMP and TEST are commonly used to check conditions. The percentage of the LEA instruction is surprisingly high, because MS VC++ compiler generates it for multiplications by constant (e.g., LEA eax, [eax*4+eax] ) and for additions and subtractions when the result should be saved to another register, e.g.:
LEA eax, [ecx+04] LEA eax, [ecx+ecx]
The compiler also pads the code with harmless forms of LEA (for example, the padding may be LEA edi, [edi] ). As it is easy to see, the top 20 instructions include all logical operations (AND, XOR, OR) except NOT.
Though LAME encoder uses MMX technology instructions, their share in the whole code of the program is very low. Two FPU instructions (FLD and FSTP) appears in the top 20.
But what about other instructions? It turns out that multiplication and division are very rare: IMUL takes 0.13%, IDIV takes 0.04%, and both MUL and DIV do 0.02%. Even string operations such as REPZ SCASB or REPZ MOVSB are more common (0.32%) than all IMULs and IDIVs. On the contrary, FMUL is more common than FADD (0.71% versus 0.27%).
Average instruction length
75% of x86 instructions are shorter than 4 bytes. But if you multiply the percentage by length, you will find that these short instructions take only 53% of the code size. So another half of a typical executable file consists of instructions with 32-bit immediate values, which are 5 bytes or longer.
The number and type of operands
Here are some examples of operand types:
immediate: 00000008, 00401024 ;
; register: eax, esp ;
; absolute address: dword[00401024], byte[00401024] ;
; indirect address: dword[esp + 10], dword[00401024 + eax * 4] ;
The parser is fairly limited and operands of the JMP and CALL instructions are counted as immediate, while in fact they are absolute addresses. Still you can see that most operands are registers. Global variables are rare in modern programs.
Instruction formats
Examples of these instructions:
register-memory: ADD eax, [esp + 10]; MOV eax, [00401024]
register-register: ADD eax, ecx
register-immediate: CMP eax, 10
memory-register: MOV [esp + 10], eax; MOV [esi + ecx * 4], eax
memory-immediate: MOV [esp + 10], 0
Conclusion
Certainly, some observations are true only for MSVC++ compiler. Other compilers will use other instructions; for example, some of them can't do the trick with LEA instruction, and they will use IMUL or MOV/ADD instead. But you can see several general trends: most instructions have 2 operands; memory-register format is less frequent than register-memory; MOV is the most popular instruction and so on.
Download source code (Basic, AWK) and Excel sheet with all data (19 Kb)
Amazing how some people have the silly notion that rightwing hate in this country might be something to worry about:
The Southern Baptist Convention, the nation's largest denomination, has been embarrassed by the comments of the Rev. Wiley Drake, a former officer in the convention, who said he is praying for the death of the president. Drake, a former SBC vice president who ran for president last year, said in a recent interview on Fox News Radio that he is praying an “imprecatory prayer” against the president. Those are prayers that ask for evil or misfortune. Asked if he was seriously praying that the president of the United States would die, Drake said, “If he does not turn to God and does not turn his life around, I am asking God to enforce imprecatory prayers that are throughout the Scripture that would cause him death, that's correct.”
Americans United for the Separation of Church and State had this to say:
When lawmakers vow to make sure middle class taxes don't rise by a penny, there's one thing they're invariably ignoring. Working Americans are poised to face a tax hike next year no matter the outcome of fiscal cliff negotiations.
Employees' share of the Social Security payroll tax is set to rise by 2 percentage points in 2013 after being lowered to 4.2 percent for two years. President Obama and Speaker John Boehner are at an impasse in fiscal cliff talks, but they've effectively agreed to end the payroll tax holiday.That alone means the average working American would take home $40 less per paycheck. Although it would raise the federal government's revenue by more than $100 billion for the year, it would also cause a hit to the economy because those with lower incomes spend more of their earnings.
Ending the payroll tax cut and emergency unemployment compensation (which Democrats are more determined to extend) would together lower economic growth by 0.7 percent between 2012 and 2014, according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office.
Democratic leaders have said they want to either extend the payroll tax holiday or enact something with comparable stimulative effects. But the White House's latest offer to Boehner would end the tax break and instead make unspecified infrastructure investments. GOP proposals also end it. With no firm allies left, the costly tax cut is all but doomed.
Republicans don't want to continue the tax break because they oppose short-term stimulus, a principle party leaders adopted shortly after Obama took office in 2009. They were bloodied in their failed effort to block a clean extension of the tax cut one year ago. This time around, neither the White House nor top Democrats are fighting for it. Liberals are happy to end the break because it taps a revenue stream dedicated to Social Security.
Anti-tax conservatives have been silent on the payroll tax, having written it off as a temporary patchwork measure destined to end. Instead they're focusing their energies on pushing Republicans to block any legislation that would permit income taxes to rise in any way.
High-profile series like Transparent and Orange is the New Black have been celebrated by critics for including honest and accurate portrayals of transgender people in their storylines. But it isn't just Hollywood that's applauding: Recently, researchers from the University of Southern California pointed out that these shows have a huge influence on changing negative public perceptions of transgender people — even more than news stories about actual transgender people.
The research, published in the journal Sex Roles, is the first to demonstrate what effect cumulative exposure to transgender characters on multiple TV shows has on the attitudes of viewers. Carried out on 488 participants, the study suggests that the best way to positively influence people's attitudes and about transgender people and policies is through entertainment, not the news. Much as programs featuring queer characters like Ellen and Will & Grace helped decrease prejudice against queer people in the 1990s, the study suggests that shows featuring transgender people might have the same effect.
This particular study focused on the effect of an episode of the USA Network show Royal Pains that included a transgender teenager played by transgender activist Nicole Amber Maines.
Though the scenes involving Maines' character only amounted to 11 minutes, the researchers found that they created more positive attitudes about transgender people and related policies than actual news events about transgender issues and Caitlyn Jenner's transition. These real-life events, the researchers found, did not influence attitudes at all.
“Watching TV shows with nuanced transgender characters can break down ideological biases in a way that news stories may not,” the researchers write. “This is especially true when the stories inspire hope or when viewers can relate to the characters.”
INVERSE LOOT DEALS Meet the Pod The first bed that learns the perfect temperature for your sleep, and dynamically warms or cools according to your needs. Buy Now
The researchers also found that viewing two or more transgender storylines beyond Royal Pains reduced “the association between viewers political ideology and their attitudes toward transgender people by half.” The more transgender characters they watched on television, the more transgender-supportive their attitudes became.
Even conservative viewers became increasingly positive of transgender individuals. Overall, however, politically conservative people still reacted with more “disgust” to these storylines compared to politically liberal people, who were more likely to feel hopeful about the character or identify with them.
Laverne Cox as Sophia on "Orange is the New Black."
The results of this study are similar to previous papers that found queer television characters positively the influenced perception of real queer people. These portrayals in turn gathered support for LGBTQ issues: A 2012 poll conducted by The Hollywood Reporter found that 27 percent of people who are pro-gay marriage became that way because of their exposure to gay characters on television.
While there has been a steady increase of transgender characters on television, there is still work to be done. A 2015 analysis, also from the University of Southern California, found that in a sample of the 100 top films of 2015, only 32 speaking or named characters were lesbian, gay, bisexual, or transgender, and only one character within this subset was transgender.
Still, as representations of transgender people increase across pop culture, so likely will supportive attitudes about transgender people increase as well. In light of President Trump's recent attempt to ban trans individuals from serving in the U.S. military, it seems this bit of good news couldn't have come soon enough.
Editors' Note: This article is part of the Patheos Public Square on Consumerism Gone Wild. Read other perspectives here.
Humanists don't believe that any god dictates morality or public policy, but they nevertheless are outspoken on issues of economic justice. With no grounding in divinities or religion, humanists take progressive positions on issues such as wealth disparity, universal health care, access to education and housing, and the rights of workers. This egalitarianism comes not from any divine commandments or revelation, but from the naturalistic and pragmatic principles underlying humanism.
From a naturalistic standpoint, humanists understand that the human animal, a product of evolution, has innate impulses that are both desirable and undesirable in a modern social setting. People can be cooperative, creative, and compassionate, but our species also has horrifically destructive capabilities that are well documented throughout history. As such, humanists believe public policy should be used to nurture the more desirable tendencies. We need to encourage the good.
From a pragmatic standpoint, social stability requires that all segments of society enjoy some level of material security, because experience shows that systemic injustice destabilizes society. The exact standard of necessary material comforts can be debated, and will inevitably change as technology advances (for example, even though aristocrats lived without electricity a few generations ago, we expect even our poorest neighbors to have it today), but certain minimums should be expected.
For most humanists, these naturalistic and pragmatic considerations lead in an egalitarian direction that would allow a reasonable level of freedom and prosperity for all. This not only reflects the better aspects of our nature — compassion, fairness, and good will, among others — but it also encourages stability and security. Such egalitarianism doesn't require absolute economic equality, but it rejects perverse levels of wealth disparity and it assumes that important technological progress (medical advancements, for example) should be available to all.
Rejecting Ideology
While it's easy to see that naturalistic humanism differs from supernatural religion, humanistic egalitarianism can also be distinguished from other secular approaches. Unlike libertarians on the right and Marxists on the left, humanists reject ideology by emphasizing balanced values and practical results.
A strict libertarian would scoff at the notion of publicly funded health care, for example, even if just for the poor, saying that market forces and charity should dictate care. The libertarian exalts one value, freedom, above all others. The pragmatic humanist, however, understands that numerous values must coexist — freedom, fairness, compassion, security, and others — and therefore approaches issues not by exalting any one value, but by considering what end result would be best with all the relevant values in mind.
On the left, Marxian ideology sees virtually all economic interactions through the lens of class conflict, explaining the underlying historical forces as a dialectical process that will lead to the eventual demise of capitalism. Humanist egalitarianism doesn't rely on these theories, but is more concerned about practical, hands-on efforts to build a better society with the tools available today.
Humanism assesses current realities and rationally considers the best end result that is achievable with all relevant values in balance. Ideology is not needed to question the wisdom of a system that allows a tiny sliver of the population to amass the vast majority of material wealth while others go without basic needs. Instead, practical questions are asked: What allows the wealthiest to amass such fortunes? Does the One Percent contribute to the greater good in such a way as to justify its lopsided wealth, or do systemic flaws allow for such accumulation?
Putting People First
In answering such sensible questions, humanists see systemic defects that obstruct human-centered policy. Clearly, America has serious fundamental problems that result in government catering to wealthy and powerful institutional interests, not real humans. The legal, political, budgetary, and regulatory environments all slant in favor of the large institutions that control them, and we live with the results, from enormous military budgets to trade deals that export jobs and essentially give corporations veto power over health, safety, and environmental regulations. Average citizens can do little.
Hibs forward Brian Graham has been told he can leave, if he can find himself a new club.
The former Ross County forward, who scored in yesterday's 4-0 win over Montrose in the Betfred Cup, has failed to hold down a regular place in the Hibs side since arriving from Dingwall last summer.
According to the Scottish Sun, Hibs boss Neil Lennon has told the player he will not stand in his way, despite him still having a year left on his Easter Road contract.
Graham, 29, has only managed 6 goals in 35 appearances in a green and white jersey.
St Johnstone were linked with a move for their former player earlier this summer, this could open the door on a return to Perth for the 6ft 2in striker, who was loaned to the Saints from Dundee Utd during the 2014/15 season.
Graham has also played for Morton, Raith Rovers and East Stirlingshire during his career.
Tell us what you think of this news on our messageboard HERE
Feminism, the pessimists say, is over, drowned in a froth of pink tulle and buried with a stiletto heel through its heart. For those who have struggled to measure its success by its victories in equal pay and boardroom jobs, progress has been dishearteningly slow. The forces of darkness never seem far away, ready to berate the feckless undermining of the patriarchy, or to mock the reluctance of women to fight their way to the top as honorary men. Feminists have had their chance and it turned out no one wanted what they were selling.
Next weekend's sellout UK Feminista summer school should make the gloating critics reconsider. There is a resurgence in feminist activism, driven partly by a new appetite for direct action, from demonstrations like the SlutWalks earlier this summer to flash protests like last month's Eff Off, Heff against the new Playboy club in London. Campaigns against the pink princess phenomenon have made shops like the Early Learning Centre think more carefully about how they sell their stuff.
Grabbing headlines is important. It inspires and makes people think. But it can only ever be a part of the strategy: it's no good entertaining the movement's extroverts if you cannot deliver a result. It's worse if it reinforces the old slur about hairy-legged man-haters that left a generation of women embarrassed to say they were feminists. Below the horizon, though, there is something else going on that is not only about women fighting on traditional women's issues. Other new-model organisations like London Citizens or NHS Direct Action are finding that the way they do things encourages women to emerge as leaders. Working in intimate groups on issues like the living wage, with horizontal rather than top-down communication, makes it easier for women to contribute.
But change is hard, and slow. It needs the kind of momentum that comes from outrage, but it also takes someone to do the hard grind, to focus on the analysis and provide the ammunition. The Fawcett Society, part of the struggle for nearly 150 years, has made the running since the budget by taking the government to court for failing to consider the impact of cuts on women. And at Westminster there is proof that slow-burn campaigns make a difference too. Labour's determination to raise the number of women MPs forced the Tories to act in the end. The result, at last, is an intake of women that, although it is still less than a fifth of the total, has established itself as independent-minded and original. Every time Stella Creasy argues for better controls on loan sharks or Louise Mensch warns David Cameron not to change the law on anonymity for alleged rapists, another small step is taken on the long road to equality.
322 SHARES Share Tweet Share Share Print Send
California just dealt Monsanto a blow as the state's Environmental Protection Agency will now list glyphosate — the toxic main ingredient in the U.S.' best-selling weedkiller, Roundup — as known to cause cancer.
Under the Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986 — usually referred to as Proposition 65, its original name — chemicals that cause cancer, birth defects, or other reproductive harm are required to be listed and published by the state.
Chemicals also end up on the list if found to be carcinogenic by the International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) — a branch of the World Health Organization.
In March, the IARC released a report that found glyphosate to be a “probable carcinogen.”
Besides the “convincing evidence” the herbicide can cause cancer in lab animals, the report also found:
“Case-control studies of occupational exposure in the U.S.A., Canada, and Sweden reported increased risk for non-Hodgkin lymphoma that persisted after adjustments to other pesticides.”
California's decision to place glyphosate on the toxic chemicals list is the first of its kind. As Dr. Nathan Donley of the Center for Biological Diversity said in an email to Ecowatch, “As far as I'm aware, this is the first regulatory agency within the U.S. to determine that glyphosate is a carcinogen. So this is a very big deal.”
Now that California EPA's Office of Environmental Health Hazard Assessment (OEHHA) has filed its “notice of intent to list” glyphosate as a known cancer agent, the public will have until October 5th to comment. There are no restrictions on sale or use associated with the listing.
Monsanto was seemingly baffled by the decision to place cancer-causing glyphosate on the state's list of nearly 800 toxic chemicals. Spokesperson for the massive company, Charla Lord, told Agri-Pulse that “glyphosate is an effective and valuable tool for farmers and other users, including many in the state of California. During the upcoming comment period, we will provide detailed scientific information to OEHHA about the safety of glyphosate and work to ensure that any potential listing will not affect glyphosate use or sales in California.”
Roundup is sprayed on crops around the world, particularly with Monsanto's Roundup-Ready varieties — genetically engineered to tolerate large doses of the herbicide to facilitate blanket application without harming crops. Controversy has surrounded this practice for years — especially since it was found farmers increased use of Roundup, rather than lessened it, as Monsanto had claimed.
Less than a week after the WHO issued its report naming glyphosate carcinogenic, Monsanto called for a retraction — and still maintains that Roundup is safe when used as directed.
On Thursday, an appeals court in Lyon, France, upheld a 2012 ruling in favor of farmer Paul Francois, who claimed he had been chemically poisoned and suffered neurological damage after inhaling Monsanto's weedkiller, Lasso. Not surprisingly, the agrichemical giant plans to take its appeal to the highest court in France.
It's still too early to tell whether other states will follow California's lead.
SOURCE
Single Dating Diva has been around for 3 years now and boy what a ride it has been! For something that started as me sharing my stories with my friends, it's ballooned to something I couldn't imagine in my wildest dreams! I've started a dating consulting business, I'm giving workshops, I'm helping people find love, I'm co-hosting a podcast, I've met so many interesting people and heard some amazing stories and even won some awards along the way. I'm soooo grateful for everything. But, what have I learned about dating? Well …
What I have Learned About Dating in 3 Years
Dating is about the process and not the outcome, be patient and don't latch on to anyone
Dating is about the process and not the outcome, be patient and don't latch on to anyone Single is not a bad word, be happily single
Give people a chance because you might be pleasantly surprised
Most people don't know what they want
Casual sex isn't for most people because they can't handle the emotional impact of rejection after the fact
Booty calls rarely turn into relationships
You always need to be clear about your intentions and expectations
Always put your best foot forward
If someone wants to be with you they will be, you won't have to stress over it, you'll just know
You should be whole on your own and not look for someone to complete you
You should want to be with someone and not need to be with someone
Online dating shouldn't be your only method of meeting people
Always close the loop, never leave someone hanging
Don't play hard to get, be hard to forget
Not everyone is going to like you, get over it
Listen to your gut, signs are always there so open your eyes for red flags
Be true to yourself and honor your values
Go out of your comfort zone and try something new or someone who's not your type
Never assume anything … especially that you're in a relationship unless it's explicitly stated
Take care of your baggage before entering into something new, it's no one's job to carry it for you
Date safe and take all precautions necessary to protect yourself
Dating should be FUN!! If it's not then you're doing it wrong or have the wrong attitude
The MAIN thing I learned is to ALWAYS treat others as I want to be treated in life and ESPECIALLY IN DATING! It's the golden rule right? All people know this, but not everyone practices it.
Thank you so much for all your support! I am overwhelmed by all the positive feedback I've received over the years.
I thoroughly enjoy chatting with each and every one of you, so please keep stopping by to say hi!!
I wish you all the happiness and love you truly desire!!
Your Sister in Dating Bliss,
Single Dating Diva
Copyright Single Dating Diva
TAMPA, Fla. (AP) — A woman was rescued by Florida authorities after they received a call from India that she was being beaten and held against her will by her husband and his parents.
The Hillsborough County Sheriff's office said 33-year-old Silky Gaind called her parents in India on Saturday to tell them of the abuse. They then called authorities.
When a deputy arrived, no one responded to repeated knock. Then Gaind attempted to open the door and screamed for him to help her and her 1-year-old daughter. The deputy forced his way in and found Gaind severely bruised.
Investigators say 33-year-old Devbir Kalsi told his parents he needed help with a disobedient wife, and they traveled from India and participated in the beatings.
Kalsi in his parents were being held in jail. It was unknown if they have a lawyer.
Yes, you read right. Chris Grayling did say that, not on lobby terms to a journalist but in front of the entire world in the Commons this afternoon.
His comments came during the debate on the Government's plans to railroad through English Votes for English Laws secured by our Alistair Carmichael. He used an obscure Common device to discuss the process rather than EVEL itself.
The Government basically chickened out of the vote today. They were heavily defeated by 291 to just 2. The vote isn't binding but the Government's plans sounded more ill-considered and incoherent as the debate wore on.
A vote is scheduled to take place on amendments to Commons standing orders which would prevent MPs from outside England voting on matters deemed by the Speaker to be English only. This, Carmichael and many other speakers argued, was tantamount to foisting a massive Constitutional reform on the UK without proper scrutiny.
The Government is doing it this way because it knows that its plans would come unstuck in the Lords if it tried to do it by primary legislation.
But back to Grayling's comments about preferring the SNP to the Liberal Democrats. It's hardly a surprise. If the Lib Dems had 57 MPs, the Tories wouldn't have a majority and would not be able to inflict this and many other types of prejudice-stirring measures on us.
This is what he said to the SNP's Pete Wishart:
Pablo Martinez/AP President Barack Obama speaks during a visit to the Disaster Operation Center of Red Cross National Headquarters to discuss superstorm Sandy, Tuesday, Oct. 30, 2012, in Washington.
It's a bird! It's a plane! It's Barack Obama engineering a destructive hurricane just in time to rig this year's election!
Or, perhaps it's God's punishment.
Amid the post-storm chaos, several conservative critics, religious fundamentalists and — let's face it — unhinged conspiracy theorists have a slew of explanations for the destruction caused by Superstorm Sandy.
(MORE: Sandy Batters the Northeast: Live updates on the Superstorm)
Right-wing preacher John McTernan warned his online following that God was “systematically destroying America” for failing to heed his wishes on issues such as gay marriage, and that the hurricane was part of His punishment for the two “pro-homosexual” candidates fielded by America's two main political parties. The Almighty, as McTernan put it, smote the country with a “huge bucket of vomit in America's face during the election.” (Or, as Salon's Mary Elizabeth Williams put it, a giant ‘Frankengaystorm.')
With power outages continuing to affect up to 7.5 million people on the east coast and with more than 48 people so far killed by the storm, others are saying that if it wasn't God who ordered the rapturous storm, it may have been the President himself.
Conspiracy websites, including InfoWars.com, The IntelHub and ConsfearacyNewz, have posted stories in the last few days suggesting that the Obama administration has used a covert weather manipulator known as The High Frequency Active Auroral Research Program (HAARP) to help engineer Superstorm Sandy, according to U.S. News and World Report.
(MORE:An ‘Embarrassed' Harold Camping Apologizes for Rapture Missteps)
HAARP is a real government-run research program based in Alaska that studies the ionosphere, or the upper atmosphere, aimed at enhancing “communications and surveillance systems for both civilian and defense purposes.” For years, conspiracy theorists have blamed HAARP for natural disasters, claiming that the government uses the program to “manipulate the weather with the help of electromagnetic waves,” U.S. News and World Report adds.
Indeed there are so many conspiracy theories about the storm that Buzzfeed has compiled a helpful ‘best of' guide for the uninitiated. One Facebook user opines that New York “rarely experienced these weather effects before gay marriage.” Another post proclaimed that “the liberal smug bastion of NEW YORK CITY will again be receiving a warning from God.” Most of the 25 Best Hurricane Sandy Conspiracy Theories were culled from the Fox Nation and Fox Facebook pages, according to Buzzfeed.
MORE: Superstorm Sandy: Basic Health and Safety Tips
LARISSA, GREECE—The world's oldest profession is giving a whole new meaning to love of the game. Players on a cash-strapped Greek soccer team now wear pink practice jerseys with the logos “Villa Erotica” and “Soula's House of History,” two bordellos it recruited as sponsors after drastic government spending cuts left the country's sports clubs facing ruin.
Brothel owner Soula Alevridou, centre, the benefactor of the Voukefalas amateur soccer team, holds up their new jersey for photographers, during a local championship match, in the city of Larissa, central Greece. ( Nikolas Giakoumidis / AP )
Other teams have also turned to unconventional financing. One has a deal with a local funeral home and others have wooed kebab shops, a jam factory and producers of Greece's trademark feta cheese. But the amateur Voukefalas club — whose players include pizza-delivery guys, students, waiters and a bartender — has raised eyebrows with its flamboyant sponsorship choice. “Unfortunately, amateur football has been abandoned by almost everyone,” said Yiannis Batziolas, the club's youthful chairman, who runs a travel agency and is the team's backup goalkeeper. “It's a question of survival.”
Article Continued Below
Prostitution is legal in Greece, where brothels operate under strict guidelines. Though garish neon signs advertising their services are tolerated, the soccer sponsorship has ruffled some feathers in the sports-mad city of Larissa. League organizers have banned the pink jerseys during games, saying the deal violates “the sporting ideal” and is inappropriate for underage fans. Batziolas acknowledges the sponsorship took his team by surprise. “They didn't believe it in the beginning,” he said. “But when they saw the shirts printed, they thought it was funny.” Near-bankrupt Greece is struggling to meet creditors' relentless demands to slash spending and keep the euro as its currency. As Greece heads toward a sixth year of recession, drastic budget cuts have hammered many ordinary people: Retirees have been left to cover their own medical expenses, children have lost school bus services, and sports teams have scrambled to find sponsors as businesses close under the burden of emergency taxes. Brothel owner Soula Alevridou, the team's new benefactor, has already paid more than 1,000 euros ($1,280 CDN) for players to wear her jerseys. The team is appealing the game ban, but that doesn't worry the 67-year-old Alevridou, who says she's only in it because she loves soccer. “It's not the kind of business that needs promotion,” she said, dressed all in white and flanked by two young women in dark leggings at a recent game. “It's a word-of-mouth kind of thing.”
Her businesses, plushly decorated pastel-colored bungalows where 14 women are employed, have weathered the country's financial disaster far better than most, and she readily acknowledges her success. “If we don't help our scientists and athletes, where will we be?” she asked. “Greece has educated people, cultured people and good athletes. It's better to help them than take our money to Switzerland.”
Article Continued Below
Alevridou watched in disappointment as her team lost its fourth straight game, 1-0, despite her promise to players of “a special time” at her businesses if they won. “There's a lot still missing. We have no midfield,” said Alevridou, a slightly built woman with a husky voice. “Many of our boys have jobs that keep them working at night. And if we have a game the following morning, they can't have a real presence on the pitch. . . . They need more help.” They aren't the only team suffering. Greece's Amateur Athletics Federation suspended all its activities for several weeks earlier this year to protest funding cuts. And even the major soccer clubs sent most of their star players abroad this summer in the face of financial trouble and poor attendance, with fans no longer able to afford tickets. Government cuts have hurt most of the teams in the amateur league in Larissa — the majestically named Olympus, Hercules, Fearless and Sagittarius clubs, as well as Voukefalas, named after Alexander the Great's horse. The impact of the crisis on sports is a major local concern. The town of 200,000 fielded the only professional club to ever break big-city domination of the league, winning the national championship in 1988. In 2007, Larissa FC also rebounded from bankruptcy for victory in the prestigious Greek Cup. Voukefalas says it needs about 10,000 euros ($12,820 CDN) a year to meet expenses, and Alevridou has promised more cash. “Here is where it all begins, with amateur sport. It's where the talent is bred,” she noted. “I am a Greek woman, and I love my country.” She watched quietly, holding a cigarette and wearing a straw fedora with a leopard print band, as her team struggled. “The team will get better,” she said. “I'm certain of it.” AP writer Costas Kantouris in Thessaloniki contributed to this report.
Read more about:
Each night, you place your head on your pillow, close your eyes, and, barring insomnia, you lose consciousness of the world around you, drifting into blissful oblivion. Eventually, you reawaken, only to hallucinate in a paralyzed body. These hallucinations are called dreams. Why do dreams happen, and what function do they serve? Although these are simple questions, the purpose of dreaming (and to a large extent, sleep itself) is far from understood.
Sleep takes place in several stages. Each repeated cycle of stages takes roughly 90 minutes to complete. During the first four stages, brainwaves recorded with EEG gradually slow in frequency and increase in amplitude. “Spindle” activity detected in the EEG may represent the efforts of the thalamus and cortex to suppress sensory processing. Oddly enough, semantic processing (i.e., understanding words) can still take place during the first two stages of sleep. This is evidenced by the observation of the N400 response, a neural signature of semantic processing in EEG recordings during stage 2 sleep. Stages 3 and 4 are dominated by strong delta activity, slow brainwaves which occur at 1 – 4 cycles per second, which indicate strong neural synchrony. It is believed that consciousness is minimal in delta sleep because there is less functional differentiation of the cortex as compared with wakefulness.
After stage 4, a bizarre transition occurs: EEGElectroencephalogram, a technique that places electrodes on ... recordings become almost indistinguishable from the awake brain, the eyes move rapidly behind their shut lids, and the mind hallucinates whilst the skeletal muscles remain paralyzed. This is known as rapid eye movement (REM) sleep, and it is the stage of sleep during which dreams are most frequently reported. The physiological correlates of dreaming have been well studied, but the purpose of dreaming is almost entirely unknown. Theories attempting to explain dreaming range from the romantic to the utterly banal. Some hypothesize that dreams, such as those that commonly occur during REM sleep, give us deeper insights into ourselves, perhaps as a form of natural, internal psychotherapy. A less romantic view of REM sleep is that it has been selected for by evolution simply to jostle the ocular fluid, which provides the lens of the eye with oxygen, since the lens lacks capillaries and its tissue dies if the fluid stagnates.
Both views may be partially correct. It is possible that REM sleep evolved to fulfill a low level physiological purpose, and dreaming occurred as a side effect: the neocortex's attempt to interpret neural noise as meaningful sensory input. Spatial patterns of brainwave activity, known as ponto-geniculo-occipital (PGO) waves, occur prior to and during REM sleep and may be signals that generate dream imagery. PGO waves are recorded invasively, starting in the region of the brainstemThe part of the brain found just above the spinal cord (in r... known as the pons then moving through parts of the thalamusA subcortical structure that serves as a relay between senso... and visual cortex. A direct association has yet to be made between the brainstem and dreaming; however, patients with lesions to the parietal lobe often stop experiencing dreams.
Dreaming may indeed represent a final frontier for neuroscience and psychology. Despite being so intimate, we arguably understand less about dreams than we do about the far reaches of outer space. If you are a young person interested in brain science, you may one day be among the first researchers to discover the true purpose of REM sleep and dreaming!
~
Images made by Jooyeun Lee and adapted from wikimedia commons.
~
References:
Javier Brualla, Marı́a F Romero, Marı́a Serrano, José R Valdizán (1998). Auditory event-related potentials to semantic priming during sleep, Electroencephalography and Clinical Neurophysiology/Evoked Potentials Section, Volume 108, Issue 3, Pages 283-290
Hartmann, E. (1995). “Making connections in a safe place: Is dreaming psychotherapy?”. Dreaming 5 (4): 213–228. doi:10.1037/h0094437.
Ferenczi, S. (1913) To whom does one relate one's dreams? In: Further Contributions to the Theory and Technique of Psycho-Analysis. New York: Brunner/Mazel, 349.
Lim A.S., Lozano A.M., Moro E., Hamani C., Hutchison W.D., et al. 2007. Characterization of REM-sleep associated ponto-geniculo-occipital waves in the human pons. Sleep 30:823–7
Solms, M. (2000). Dreaming and REM sleep are controlled by different brain mechanisms (23(6) ed.). Behavioral and Brain Sciences. pp. 793–1121.
Like this: Like Loading...
OpenITU: Adaptive Lighting - The Future of Lighting Design
What is adaptive lighting and how will it change the future of architecture? Join us for a discussion at ITU on October 23.
Om eventen Hvornår
23. oktober 2015 16:30 - 17:30 Hvor
Auditorium 1
A new paradigm of lighting design is emerging that focuses on creating lighting systems that continuously adapt to the user.
Until recently, most artificial lightning tended to be static - it was either on or off. But with the development of LED lights and the emergence of Smart Home technologies and the Internet of Things, it is now possible to create dynamic lighting systems that adapt to the user. This means that you can create environments where the light changes in color, intensity and direction according to how people behave in the room.
Join the event on Facebook
This has great implications for how new buildings are being designed, as there are great benefits in incorporating these technologies – for humans as well as the environment. Companies such as Apple, Google and Samsung are all working to become central players in this new field.
The challenge for these future lighting systems is not what is technologically possible, but rather how such systems are to be designed and how the user is incorporated in the development.
In this OpenITU debate, Associate Professor Kjell Yngve Petersen and Allan Ruberg, Head of ÅF Lighting, will introduce examples of novel intelligent lighting designs. Join them for a discussion of the adaptive lighting systems of the future.
The event will be live streamed here:
Bios
Kjell Yngve Petersen
Kjell Yngve Petersen, Associate Professor, ITU
Kjell Yngve Petersen received his PhD at CAiiA – Center for Advanced Inquiry in Integrative Arts, Planetary Collegium, University of Plymouth, UK, 2009. He is trained as actor and theatre director, and has produced theatre, opera, performance art, installations arts and media arts since the early 1980's. His research has specific focus on the development of new compositional models that integrate telemedia technology, and utilizes emergent and performance-based methods to explore new performance forms and expressions. His research engages with telepresence and tele-ecologies, and involves the design of dynamic adaptive architectural light, textures and acoustics. His research often involves close cooperation with industry sectors, and international partners within research, arts and industry.
adaptive.itu.dk/
Allan Ruberg
Allan Ruberg, Head of ÅF Lighting
Allan Ruberg is the Head of ÅF Lighting and the founder of this business area within the ÅF Consultancy Group. Allan is a leading driver in the continuous development of ÅF Lighting and has been a leading force in developing lighting consultancy as a profession in Scandinavia. With more than 18 years of experience in the field of lighting consultancy and design he has been working with all aspects of lighting from functional road lighting to scenographic lighting designs. Allan ensures a positive development by working closely together with architects, public contractors and industry partners. ÅF Lighting has under Allan's leadership created many award-winning lighting projects. He is always eager to debate lighting issues and is a sought after lecturer internationally.
About OpenITU
OpenITU is an initiative by the IT University of Copenhagen opening the university to the public, with topics in ICT publicly debated over a Friday afternoon beer. We aim to create a relaxed platform where researchers and audience are on equal footing and conversations on ICT topics can be easily followed.
All OpenITU events are free of charge and open to the public.
Find out more about OpenITU
Mr. Rizzo's position, together with the fact that the C.I.A. inspector general, John L. Helgerson, is now examining the matter, indicates a greater level of internal concern at the agency over the destruction than Gen. Michael V. Hayden, the C.I.A. director, indicated in his message to agency employees on Thursday. General Hayden's message said that Mr. Helgerson's office had reviewed the tapes in 2003, but did not mention whether the inspector general had signed off on their destruction.
In a statement released on Saturday, General Hayden said he welcomed the inquiry and the “C.I.A. will cooperate fully.”
Investigators will gather facts to determine whether a full inquiry is warranted. If it is determined that any agency employee broke the law, the standard procedure would be for Mr. Helgerson to issue a criminal referral to the Justice Department.
The investigation comes after both the Senate and House intelligence committees started their own investigations into the destruction of the tapes. In a statement on Saturday, the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, Representative Silvestre Reyes, Democrat of Texas, said the inquiry would be an “important first test” for Attorney General Michael B. Mukasey to demonstrate his independence. “I have yet to receive a satisfactory answer as to why Congress was kept in the dark about this matter,” he said.
In a letter to the C.I.A. on Saturday, Assistant Attorney General Kenneth L. Wainstein, who heads the Justice Department's National Security Division, requested to meet with Mr. Helgerson and Mr. Rizzo early next week to discuss the inquiry.
Mr. Rodriguez, who could not be reached for comment, announced his retirement from the agency this summer. The New York Times has made a request through an agency spokesman to speak with him.
Officials have acknowledged that the destruction of evidence like videotaped interrogations could raise questions about whether the C.I.A. was seeking to hide evidence of coercion. A review of records from military tribunals indicates that five lower-level detainees at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba, were initially charged with offenses based on information provided by or related to Abu Zubaydah.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Military defense lawyers said the fact that interrogation tapes were destroyed could provide a way to challenge other cases that may be based on information from Abu Zubaydah, though such challenges would face major legal obstacles under the current rules for military prosecutions. They said the defense could argue that the tapes might have raised questions about whether the information was believable or whether Abu Zubaydah had invented it simply to stop aggressive interrogation techniques. Col. Steven David, the chief military defense lawyer for the Guantánamo war crimes cases, said at a trial, “The inference is they destroyed it because it was bad for them.”
He said the disclosure of the destroyed tapes “raises serious concerns” about other potential prosecutions, but it was too early to say how many, or how serious the damage might be. In any case based on information from Abu Zubaydah, defense lawyers could raise the issue of the destroyed tapes as a way to challenge the case. From a defense lawyer's perspective, Colonel David said, “the issue becomes what is lost, what is destroyed, what else has been destroyed and what else is out there that we are not aware of.”
Abu Zubaydah and Mr. al-Nashiri, who is said to be the chief planner of the 2000 attack on the Navy destroyer Cole, are the only suspected Qaeda figures identified so far as the subjects of interrogations recorded on the destroyed tapes.
The destruction of the tapes has intensified the focus on Abu Zubaydah, who was captured in March 2002. As one of the first close associates of Osama bin Laden to be caught after the 9/11 attacks, Abu Zubaydah became a test case on which the C.I.A. built and then adjusted its program of aggressive interrogations and overseas secret jails in the years that followed.
Current and former intelligence officials have said that Abu Zubaydah was subjected to coercive techniques by C.I.A. interrogators even before the Justice Department issued a formal, classified legal opinion in August 2002 declaring that the coercive techniques did not constitute torture.
It is not known whether the videotape depicting his interrogation preceded the 2002 opinion, nor is it known what acts were recorded on the tapes. General Hayden said in his statement that the tapes were intended as an “internal check on the program in its early stages,” despite what he called “the great care taken and detailed preparations made.”
But the destruction of the tapes in 2005 appeared to reflect what former and current intelligence officials have described as longstanding worries about the legality of the C.I.A.'s interrogation practices and the possible legal jeopardy for any employees who engaged in them.
Abu Zubaydah's case opens a window on a broader debate about the Bush administration's interrogation policies and the tactics used on Abu Zubaydah and other terrorism suspects.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
President Bush has argued, since officially confirming the existence of the interrogation program in September 2006, that Abu Zubaydah's case proved the value of harsh interrogation methods because Abu Zubaydah yielded valuable intelligence about the 9/11 plot only after those tactics were employed. That assertion was repeated on Thursday by General Hayden.
But other government officials have long disputed some aspects of the C.I.A.'s version of events. These officials said Abu Zubaydah, who had been taken to a secret location in Thailand, cooperated with interviewers from the F.B.I., who used a nonconfrontational approach, until C.I.A. interrogators took over the questioning in April or May of 2002 and used more aggressive techniques.
After the Thailand confrontation, the F.B.I. forbade its agents from taking part in sessions in which harsh methods were used. In his early F.B.I. interviews, Abu Zubaydah, who had been severely wounded during his capture, identified Khalid Shaikh Mohammed as the chief planner of the 9/11 attacks. He also identified Jose Padilla, an American who was convicted in a Miami federal court in August on terrorism-related charges, as a low-ranking follower of Al Qaeda.
Government officials said that during Abu Zubaydah's interrogation sessions, his C.I.A. questioners used tactics including noise, stress positions, isolation and waterboarding, in which a subject is made to believe he is being drowned. In 2002, during parts of June and July, current and former intelligence officials have said, the C.I.A. suspended the use of harsh techniques against Abu Zubaydah.
Smoking marijuana may be a criminal offence, but Vancouver police won't be looking to make arrests at a pro-pot rally on Monday that is expected to attract thousands of people.
Const. Jana McGuinness said officers will be present at the event, which takes place in front of the Vancouver Art Gallery every April 20.
“As long as there isn't a public safety issue, where things would move into the streets, then the event will be able to continue,” she said.
Last year, about 6,000 people took part in the 420 gathering to celebrate marijuana culture.
Despite open pot use, no arrests were made. That many people are expected to return this year and to spark up joints at 4:20 p.m.
Jodie Emery, Green party candidate for the Vancouver-Fraserview riding, said the event is a celebration of Canadians' “autonomy.”
The B.C. Green Party platform for the May 12 election includes the legalization of marijuana.
“Millions of dollars go into enforcing marijuana laws, and this money could be used to prevent more serious problems like violent crimes or identity theft,” she said.
Jodie Emery is married to Marc Emery, founder and president of the B.C. Marijuana Party.
He's facing extradition to the U.S. for selling marijuana seeds to Americans online.
– Article from Metro Vancouver.
A Gamer's Perspective — Gaming Efficiently (Part 2): Justifying Time Wasted [Column]
For those of you not quite in ‘the know' (which is like a hip way of saying ‘for those of you who don't know', I suppose), I wrote a column a while back explaining the importance of time management for gamers, and making my challenge to myself (which myself then accepted) to manage my time more efficiently publicly known. If any of what I just said excited or interested you in the slightest and you didn't pick up on the fact that the words ‘a column' being highlighted in blue indicated that they were a link to the column in question (as opposed to gremlins in our text formatting or something), then you're the kind of person who needs to be told that you can click on the aforementioned highlighted text to go to the aforementioned column.
Anyways, as I'm sure most of you inferred from the title, this is the long awaited (if this actually rings true, consider my fist pumped), promised Part 2 to the column in question.
There's quite a bit which I could highlight and talk about which came to mind during my period of (mostly successful) attempted self-refinement. I could discuss the illogical nature of instinct, the practical tools I used to reward myself and keep myself motivated during and after work or I could even tell you about the multi-tiered rating system I created for the front-page Reddit articles for every day of the last four weeks, though that last one may cause your faith in the success of my endeavour to wane.
What I have decided to focus on for today's column, however, is something which can be summed up in the following (possibly vaguely familiar) statement:
With great potential for time wasting comes the burden to justify time wasted.
Yeah, one little-known fact is that I was a contributing writer for the Superman script. It was Superman, right? Yeah, I'm sure it was… (inb4 fanboy rage)
Anyways, what I'm getting at here is that as gamers, we have (as I'm pretty sure I said in Part 1 of this column, too) some of the richest sources of escapism and entertainment on the planet available to us. One need look no further than the amount of time Cavie has spent not sleeping (read: playing Skyrim), and the amount of time you have probably spent doing the same to realise that.
The thing is, as our parents, teachers, significant others and most of the rest of society delight in telling us, the time we spend playing games is essentially time wasted in the grander scheme of things. Now, I'm fully aware that there are cases to be made to the contrary of that assertion (feel free to make them in the comments section below), but I'm prepared to accept that in the case of the majority of gamers, the assertion stands.
In fact, this is probably the strongest and most valid criticism levelled at games – after all, most people don't make their living by playing games, and most certainly do not develop any skills which are applicable in the ‘real world' while playing them. The question, then, is how can we as people who love games get away with playing our games aloof of this criticism?
Now, I'm not suggesting for a second that we need to do what our critics say simply because they say it, but if we as a community can weigh up the cases of our critics rationally and accept their merits, that says a whole ton about the maturity of our community as a whole. So, by merit of the criticism levelled, I think it is important that we as gamers are able to justify spending obscene amounts of time giving those scumbaggish dragons what's theirs in Skyrim, because those bastards (the dragons, that is) have it coming to them. And that part about being aloof of our critics is important too.
In all honesty, I think that justifying spending time playing games is a lot simpler than we think. I mean, think about it: If we stay fit, stay on top of our work, get the school or university marks we need to, pay attention to our partners, feed the dog and do whatever else it is that people complain you aren't doing when you're playing games instead, all of their arguments pretty much fall by the wayside, and you find that they have no grounds to criticise your gaming habits.
You'll find that you, as a gamer, are justified in spending your time playing games.
The things I would really highlight there are fitness and marks, because if you nail those then not only are you silencing the critics, but they both have huge positive impacts on your life.
So, I'd like to end this column with another challenge: Sort your life out first, game second.
The question is, do you accept the challenge? If not, why not? Do you disagree entirely with everything I've said? Believe it or not, these are things which I, as a columnist, actually care about, so please do let me know in the comments!
The Big East and Fox Sports have partnered with New York Life to be the presenting sponsor of all Big East conference championships 2014-15 academic year, the conference announced on Monday. The Big East Men's Basketball tournament at Madison Square Garden will be the highlight of the partnership.
New York Life, one of the largest life insurers in the world, has agreed to be the presenting sponsor during the basketball tournament. The partnership provides a comprehensive sponsorship of the Big East Men's basketball tournament which includes: a co-branded center court tournament logo, co-branding on tickets, programs and anything else marketing the tournament and stand -alone New York Life logos on the court and other camera visible signage.
The agreement also mandates overtime periods to be branded as "Keep Good Going Overtime presented by New York Life," "Keep Good Going" features incorporated into all conference game telecasts, which include TV vignettes featuring "Keep Good Going" stories from Big East coaches, players and legends and New York Life's inclusion in Fox Sports 1 and Big East basketball on-air promotion.
"The Big East is synonymous with academic and service values, intense competition and a spirited brand of big city basketball built upon tremendous fan support," Big East Commissioner Val Ackerman said in a conference press release Monday afternoon.
"We are impressed with New York Life's passion for community, as evidenced by its impactful "Keep Good Going" initiative, and are proud to have crafted an alliance that will celebrate our shared values and extend the BIG EAST's reach nationwide."
The agreement with New York Life is the first partnership package to be finalized since Fox Sports and the Big East entered into a partnership in October 2013. The two-year deal names New York Life as the presenting sponsor for all 22 conference championship events and gives the conference exclusivity for use of marks and logos of all kinds.
The company's "Keep Good Going" is a part of a comprehensive media and marketing buy that allows it to promote this notion across all platforms, including television, digital entities and social media.
"The Big East has a long tradition of excellence in delivering for its fans, just as New York Life has delivered for our policyholders since 1845," said Chris Sorgie, a director of media and strategy for New York Life. "We are proud to be part of this great tradition with the BIG EAST which involves the world's greatest sporting arena, Madison Square Garden,"
Virton residents quickly adapted to the Canadian way of life: an ice-skating rink was built, bars started serving American and Canadian beer and, of course, huge American cars with Canadian Air Force license plates became a common sight. Generally speaking soldiers didn't ship the cars over from Canada, they purchased them directly from independent American car dealerships who went through the hassle of importing them from the other side of the Atlantic.
The shop in Chatillon was one of a handful of dealers that specialized in selling and fixing American cars. A neighbor who is well into his 80s today told me the garage opened up in the early 1950s and gradually began to sell and repair American cars when the Canadians arrived. It became particularly successful over the second half of the 1950s because it was relatively close to Virton, especially for Canadians who were used to driving long distances, because the owner had learned how to speak English in order to better communicate with his customers and because he knew American cars far better than anyone else in the region. Parts proved to be a little problematic to find so cars that were wrecked or deemed too old to repair by their owners were usually saved. A collection had begun.
French President Charles de Gaulle was worried that NATO would make France and the rest of Western Europe dependent on the United States and Canada for defense. In 1965 he publicly announced plans to pull out of NATO, and on March 11, 1966, he went to the American embassy in Paris to announce France's resignation from the group, asking all NATO forces to leave the country as soon as possible.
Most Canadian soldiers stationed in Marville were transferred to an RCAF base in Lahr, Germany, and the Canadians had all but left Virton by the spring of 1967. Local army officials asked the owner of the shop to consider moving to Lahr with them because they didn't think they could find a good mechanic on location. The owner considered the proposition, but his son was still in school so he decided to stay in Chatillon. Without a steady diet of American cars to fix, he shifted the focus of his shop to European cars.
It was easier to find parts for, say, a Fiat 600 than a Chevrolet Biscayne, but the mechanic continued hanging on to cars, and at one point there were nearly 400 run-down cars scattered across Chatillon. The clearing in the forest was full of them, the land around the repair shop was full, there was a small plot of land located next to a farm about 500 yards away from the forest that was chock-full, and the last batch was stored next to a garage on the opposite end of town. The owner began winding down his business as he got older but he never fully retired. The cars that were new in the 1950s were now classics so his collection began to attract enthusiasts from Belgium and from a handful of neighboring countries. The shop was still opened when he died approximately eight years ago.
Killing the graveyard
I briefly caught up with the owner's son in a bid to get his side of the story. He wasn't terribly interested in helping me piece together the story of the cars in the clearing but it's hard to blame him, people have been bugging him about them on a regular basis for nearly a decade now. Although I wasn't able to convince him I wasn't yet another paparazzi hoping to score a free split-window Volkswagen Bus carcass, he agreed to provide some insight into what's happened over the past few years.
After his father died the cars sat essentially un-touched, he wasn't a mechanic and he had no interest in taking over the business. The world didn't know about them yet, the clearing was little more than an overgrown regional junkyard, but everything changed when a Flemish TV station got word of the cars and went out to film a documentary about them in which the host disclosed their exact location. The owner's son was quick to point out that the documentary wasn't authorized, his family didn't find out about it until it after it aired, and he never received a dime in compensation. Almost immediately after the documentary aired throngs of enthusiasts and photographers drove out from all over Belgium to see the cars in person. Pictures were posted on various sites and forums, and all of the sudden people from all over Europe were lining up in a tiny village that's barely on the map to get a glimpse of the cars into the clearing. What was once essentially a private collection gradually snowballed into a world-famous tourist attraction.
The owner's son initially tolerated car-savvy photographers treading lightly and taking a few pictures, but things quickly got out of hand and he frequently had to kick groups of over 15 individuals out of the woods. Collectors trekked out to Chatillon in the middle of the night to steal parts, and people went to the clearing to party, leaving litter on the ground and in neighboring fields. The small house next to the repair shop was broken into more than a few times, too. A city official who asked to remain anonymous told us there was another, perhaps more insurmountable issue to deal with: the owner's son was the mayor's assistant on environmental matters and his opponents used the cars against him. How can you be credible as a environment-focused politician when you own an open-air junkyard with over 200 cars? The clearing that the cars were parked on was classified as farm land so the junkyard was illegal. The owner's son's political opponents took advantage of the zoning issue to take the matter to court and won. Faced with the prospect of getting fined by the region of Wallonia, he decided not to appeal the lawsuit and instead get rid of all of the cars and move on.
An old Mercedes-Benz Unimog fitted with a snow plow was used to push the cars out of the forest. They were all crushed, though the owner's son first invited a few of his father's good friends and long-time customers to pick out any parts they needed and buy anything that was salvageable, either for parts or for restoration. The whole process took about two weeks. The owner died about eight years ago, as mentioned above, and the cars have been gone for roughly five so the graveyard didn't stay abandoned for very long.
The legacy of the Chatillon cars
A vast majority of the Chatillon residents I talked to said the cars didn't bother them in the slightest, though a few said they weren't too happy about the people that showed up to see them six or seven years ago. Residents of all ages unanimously said they've forgotten about the cars, except for the few that still have to tell strangers “nope, they're gone, you came out here for nothing.” It's life as usual in Chatillon.
There are still some signs of the Canadian presence in the area. Notably, there's a huge totem in downtown Virton that the RCAF gave to city officials before they left in 1967 to thank them for their hospitality. A few of the cars driven by soldiers during the 1950s and the 1960s are still around today, it's not uncommon to see classic Pontiacs and Lincolns in the area. The Marville army base has been abandoned on and off since France left NATO. Currently, many of the buildings are unoccupied, though a few businesses have set up shop there and – contrary to what city officials like to admit – a handful of families has transformed old army buildings into houses and actually live on the base. Overall it's turned into a rather decrepit and depressing place, the French version of the Hills Have Eyes could be filmed there.
The owner of the shop wasn't the only Chatillon resident who liked hanging on to old cars, and there's an abandoned early-1990s Renault Super 5 in a field not too far from the forest. I consider it a consolation prize for those who take a trip out to Belgium to admire 200 classics and find nothing but tires, rims and pine needles.
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) — A Democratic schoolteacher defeated a Republican businessman in a special election for an Oklahoma state House seat in a traditionally GOP district, making it the third GOP-held seat Democrats have captured in special elections in the red state this year.
Unofficial election results from Tuesday's election show Democrat Jacob Rosecrants won 60 percent of the vote over Republican Darin Chambers for the House District 46 seat in west Norman, despite a nearly 3,000 voter-registration advantage for the GOP there.
Republicans still hold a 72-28 edge in the Oklahoma House, but Democrats have been chipping away at GOP advantages in the Legislature.
Rosecrants and Chambers were vying to replace Republican former state Rep. Scott Martin, who resigned in May to take a position as director of the Norman Chamber of Commerce.
A seventh-grade geography teacher, Rosecrants focused on improving public education. He also tapped into growing voter frustration over state budget problems and several recent sex scandals involving Republican officials.
On the day of the election, a Republican state senator resigned from office after an Uber driver told police he grabbed her head and kissed her neck while she drove him to a bar in June. Former state Sen. Bryce Marlatt, a married father of four from Woodward, was the third GOP state legislator to resign from office this year amid a sex scandal in Oklahoma.
State Rep. Dan Kirby resigned in February after being accused of sexually harassing two former legislative assistants, and ex-state Sen. Ralph Shortey was indicted in federal court last week on charges of child sex trafficking and producing and transporting child pornography. In both of those Republican-leaning districts, Democratic candidates defeated Republicans in special elections.
Republicans in Oklahoma hold a 3-to-1 advantage in legislative seats along with every statewide elected office, both U.S. Senate seats and all five U.S. House seats. But Democrats are hoping to build on the momentum of victories in special elections.
Democratic candidates for governor in 2018 already are hammering on budget and education issues as term-limited Republican Mary Fallin leaves office, and Democrats believe the congressional seat held by Republican Rep. Steve Russell in Oklahoma City could be within reach.
Funding for public schools and other services has dwindled in recent years as the Legislature cut taxes on both individual income and oil and natural gas production. The state has grappled with budget shortfalls since oil and gas prices plummeted around 2014. Schoolteachers haven't had a raise in a decade, and over the past three years, state funding for public schools has declined by more than $48 million, even as student enrollment increased by nearly 8,000.
“Right now our state is failing because of Republican leadership,” said Oklahoma Democratic Party Chair Anna Langthorn. “I think (Rosecrant's victory) is indicative of the trend that Oklahomans are frustrated, they're paying attention and that we'll continue to see success in 2018 and we'll probably surprise a lot of people.”
___
Follow Sean Murphy at www.twitter.com/apseanmurphy
U.S. Supreme Court rules against Houston man paralyzed in 2010 police shooting But Sotomayor backs local man shot by officer
Portrait of Ricardo Salazar, 27, a father of three who will spend the rest of his life in a wheelchair after he was shot in the back by an HPD officer who stopped him for speeding on the Southwest Freeway Tuesday, June 4, 2013, in Houston. The officer suspected Salazar had been drinking, and ordered him to the rear of the pickup he was driving. There was a brief confrontation, and the construction worker turned his back on the officer and was walking to his truck when the officer shot him once in the back. Salazar has filed a lawsuit against the city of Houston for violation of his civil rights and using excessive force. ( Johnny Hanson / Houston Chronicle ) less Portrait of Ricardo Salazar, 27, a father of three who will spend the rest of his life in a wheelchair after he was shot in the back by an HPD officer who stopped him for speeding on the Southwest Freeway ... more Photo: Johnny Hanson, Staff Photo: Johnny Hanson, Staff Image 1 of / 19 Caption Close U.S. Supreme Court rules against Houston man paralyzed in 2010 police shooting 1 / 19 Back to Gallery
The nation's highest court has rejected attempts to revive a civil rights lawsuit brought by a Houston paint contractor who was shot in the back and paralyzed by a police offer in 2010.
In declining to hear the case, the U.S. Supreme Court on Monday agreed that lower courts acted properly in granting Houston Police Officer Chris Thompson qualified immunity in the shooting incident, which took place following a late-night traffic stop on the Southwest Freeway.
Thompson stated he feared for his life as an apparently intoxicated Ricardo Salazar-Limon walked away from him after resisting arrest. Thompson claimed the man was reaching toward his waistband beneath an untucked shirt when he fired, though it turned out Salazar-Limon was not armed.
In a forceful dissent to the high court's unwillingness to consider the case, Justice Sonia Sotomayor said a jury should have been allowed to address Salazar-Limon's assertion that the police officer acted without provocation. He denied pushing Thompson and claimed he was only walking back toward his pickup. He also denied reaching into his waistband.
"The question whether the officer used excessive force in shooting Salazar-Limon thus turns in large part on which man is telling the truth," Sotomayor wrote. "Our legal system entrusts this decision to a jury."
Sotomayor, joined in dissent by Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, wrote that issuing summary judgment in favor of police is appropriate only when significant facts are not in dispute. She said she was troubled by a "disturbing trend" of instances of alleged excessive police force that never resulted in a trial because judges continually grant qualified immunity.
"Only Thompson and Salazar-Limon know what happened on that overpass on October 29, 2010," Sotomayor said. "It is possible that Salazar-Limon did something that Thompson reasonably found threatening; it is also possible that Thompson shot an unarmed man in the back without justification. What is clear is that our legal system does not entrust the resolution of this dispute to a judge faced with competing affidavits."
The 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in June 2016 that a lower judge had properly dismissed Salazar-Limon's lawsuit because of the threat perceived by Thompson, who testified that he had been pushed toward freeway traffic before a combative Salazar-Limon turned away.
Sotomayor noted that a different Court of Appeals had decided in 2014 that the absence of a weapon in police shooting cases is potential evidence to discredit police testimony.
In such cases, a jury should weigh the credibility of differing accounts, she wrote.
Responding to Sotomayor's dissent, Justice Samuel Alito insisted that the high court had acted uniformly over the years in applying the law and had always maintained a neutral posture.
Salazar-Limon suffered a spinal cord injury, resulting in paralysis of his lower body. After a period of rehabilitation, he pleaded no contest to charges of resisting arrest and driving while intoxicated.
STATEN ISLAND, N.Y. -- Everyone knew Army Staff Sgt. Michael H. Ollis was a hero, but new details have surfaced documenting the leadership, selflessness and bravery that cost him his life.
One Army commander called Ollis a "Great American" and Rep. Michael Grimm said the New Dorp man displayed the "ultimate act of heroism."
Ollis, 24, died in Afghanistan Aug. 28 protecting a Polish soldier from a suicide bomber during an attack on their base that according to Army Times, included "grenades, rockets and a 3,000-pound bomb."
The Fort Drum, N.Y., soldier, of the 2nd Battalion, 22nd Infantry Regiment, 1st Brigade Combat Team, 10th Mountain Division (Light), stepped into the path of an unnamed Polish officer, blocking him from the suicide vest of an insurgent who had raided Forward Operating Base Ghazni.
"In emotional interviews with investigators, the Polish officer repeatedly praised SSG Ollis and credited him with saving his life," according to an Army account of the Aug. 28 action obtained by Army Times.
"Unfortunately, we lost a great American there from 10th Mountain Division in that attack, but the defenders did extraordinarily well," said Army Lt. Gen. Mark Milley, the No. 2 commander for the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force. Milley is a former commander of the 10th Mountain Division.
Staff Sgt. Michael Ollis, 24, of New Dorp, died saving another soldier.
In a ceremony on Sunday at the base, four American and two Polish army soldiers were recognized for valor in the attack, according to the Army Times, "which began when a car bomb breached the base's eastern perimeter wall, allowing 10 insurgents in suicide vests to infiltrate the compound."
The Army Times gave this account of the attack:
Said Rep. Michael Grimm (R-Staten Island/Brooklyn): "If there was any doubt -- and there shouldn't have been -- this man was a hero. A hero in the truest sense of the word."
Grimm underscored that Ollis' actions had nothing to do with his unit advancing, "this was about protecting people we don't even know...The congressman noted that Ollis' heroism "epitomizes why we are exceptional" and is symbolic of the men and women of the U.S. military who defend our right to freedom.
Said Grimm: "It's the ultimate act of heroism and a reminder that freedom isn't free."
Ollis has since been nominated for a Silver Star, the third highest military decoration for valor, an Army source told Army Times. The nomination is working its way through Ollis' chain of command in Afghanistan.
"It's more than well-deserved," said Grimm. "He [Ollis] has made us all so proud."
---
Follow @siadvance on Twitter and Staten Island Advance on Facebook.
What are the best cenotes in Mexico? Yucatan is known to have the world's most widespread range of underwater sinkholes and caves called cenotes. Some of these cenotes are open like a lake, others completely closed with only a small opening. There are more than 6000 of them in the Yucatan, so you have plenty of options to choose from.
Leer este post en Español.
What Is a Cenote?
A cenote (Mayan dzonot, “well”) is the word used to describe a natural pit made with limerock that has groundwater underneath. They were formed by naturally-acidic rain filtering down over thousands of years and dissolving away the limestone.
Mayans believed that cenotes were an entrance to the underworld, so they were often used for sacrifices, both human and material ones. In fact, at the Sacred Cenote found within Chichén-Itzá, archeologists have found many important ceramics, jewelry and bones.
Each cenote is inhabited by colorful fish, some have cliffs to jump from or you can even find a zipline. Whether you're staying in Cancun, Playa del Carmen, Tulum or near Merida you can easily find a few cenotes around. Here is my list of the best cenotes in Mexico – enjoy!
At the cenotes in Mexico, you'll be asked to swim without any lotions or creams on your skin at all, as can poison fish, sea plants, and other delicate marine life. However, you can get a biodegradable sunscreen at some cenotes.
Please note: all prices are in Mexican Pesos (MXN).
Best Cenotes in Mexico for Snorkeling & Diving:
Dos Ojos
Located just 15 minutes drive from Tulum, Cenote Dos Ojos is one of the largest and probably one of the most famous cenotes in Mexico. The cave system of the cenote is known to be at least 61 km and 118 m deep. As the name ‘two eyes' indicates this cenote is divided into two sections: one with blue waters perfect for snorkeling and the other dark one for diving.
Open: daily 9am-5pm
Price: 300+ for snorkeling + 130 for diving
How to get there? You can take a colectivo from Tulum towards Playa del Carmen and ask the driver to drop you off at the cenote.
El Pit
Located in the jungle, The Pit is an exceptional cenote that's part of Dos Ojos. It's also one of the deepest in the area. The entrance is steep and narrow what makes the whole experience even more exciting. El Pit continues deep below the cloud and narrows into darkness down to over 40m so you'll need a flashlight.
Open: daily 9am-5pm
Price: 140 Pesos (free if visited the same day as Dos Ojos)
How to get there? Once you take a colectivo either from Tulum or Playa del Carmen, ask them in basic Spanish to drop you off at The Pit Cenote. However, you'll most likely go diving there so your diving school will offer you transportation.
Carwash Cenote
This cenote with a mysterious name is in Tulum, on the way to Coba. I was convinced that someone named it after many amazing plants, but I was wrong. This cenote is so close to the main road that people used to wash their cars there! Fortunately, it's not happening anymore and now you can snorkel and dive in it.
Carwash has some incredible caves, so make sure you do some diving. However, even if you snorkel you'll see a ton of fantastic water lilies, turtles, and fish.
Open: daily 9am-4pm
Price: 50 Pesos
How to get there? You can get a colectivo from Tulum towards Coba – ask the driver to drop you off at Carwash cenote. If you're driving from Tulum towards Coba it will show up on your left side, very close to the road.
Ik Kil
Ik Kil is probably the most photographed cenote in the Yucatan. While many visitors think it's one of the best cenotes in Mexico, I tend to disagree. From the top, you can see a big hole surrounded by vines which is impressive unless you arrive after 9 am and you'll see hoards of tourists in orange life jackets instead. We ended up not even getting in as human-made stairs and crowds made the experience not fun at all.
Open: daily 9am-5pm
Price: 80 Pesos + optional 30 Pesos for lifejacket
How to get there? Unless you're on a tourist bus to Chichen Itza you'll need a car to get to Ik Kil.
Gran Cenote
Gran Cenote is a perfect cenote for everyone with its sandy bottom and bats living in the cave. The center garden includes palm trees, water lilies and elephant ears with a platform for sunbathing. Keep an eye out for toucans if you happen to be visiting during January or February as they tend to pop out of nowhere sometimes.
Open: daily 9am-5pm
Price: 180 Pesos + options 30 Pesos locker rental
How to get there? You can take a colectivo from Tulum towards Coba and ask the driver to drop you off at the cenote.
Best Cenotes near Tulum & Playa del Carmen:
Cenote Azul
Cenote Azul is one of my favorite cenotes. It's 26 meters deep and has crystal clear water perfect for swimming in. You can also meet some iguanas living in the bushes around. Although the place can get quite crowded everyone can find a spot to either relax or jump from a cliff.
There are plenty of fish that will swim around your legs, so be prepared to be tickled a lot. If you can hold your breath for long enough there is a small underwater cave passage that you can free dive through.
Open: daily excl. Saturday 9am-5pm
Price: 100 Pesos
How to get there? All three cenotes (Azul, Eden, Cristalino) are just 20 minutes away from Playa by public transportation. In order to get there, you need to jump on a collectivo – a Mexican minibus. You can take them from a stand located on Calle 2 Norte between Avenida 15 and 20 and ask the driver to drop you off at one you want to go to.
A photo posted by Anna L ✈ AnnaEverywhere (@anna.everywhere) on Feb 17, 2016 at 5:27am PST
Cenote Jardin del Eden
Considered one of the most beautiful cenote near Playa del Carmen. You can jump off the climb or even a tree and chill on a terrace right above the cenote. The water is clear and you can find huge rocks in the center where you can swim to and rest. While you sit there little fish will come to you and eat the dead skin – just like at the “fish spas” on 5th Avenue in Playa del Carmen.
Open: daily 9am-5pm
Price: 100 MXN
How to get there? Look up Cenote Azul.
Cenote Cristalino
Cenote Cristalino is one of the groups of three cenotes next to each other, along with Azul and Jardin del Eden. This cenote has a half-cave you can swim through and see a contrast between to lighten up water and the one from the cave.
Open: daily 9am-6:30pm
Price: 100 MXN
How to get there? Look up Cenote Azul.
Best Underground Cenotes:
Cenote Choo-Ha
Deep inside the ground, 5 minutes drive from Coba ruins, you'll find an incredible cenote called Choo-Ha. Stalagmites are everywhere what makes it a photographer's dream. Surprisingly the water isn't very cold and you can find some cool black fish swimming around.
Open: daily 9am-4pm
Price: 55
How to get there? If you came to Coba with a driver ask him to get you to cenotes – it's just 5 minutes away. If you're driving everyone can give you directions.
>> Read More about Renting a Car in Mexico <<
Cenote Multum-Ha
Multum Ha is another cenote near Coba and the best for snorkeling as it has the clearest water, but I didn't see any fish so I'm not sure if I would recommend it.
Price: 55 MXN
How to get there? If you came to Coba with a driver ask him to get you to cenotes – it's just 5 minutes away. If you're driving everyone can give you directions.
Cenote La Noria
La Noria is a cenote on the road of cenotes close to Puerto Morelos. It's a great cenote for diving as it's very deep, but also you can swing inside a cave what I haven't seen in any other cenote. There's also a floating platform at the center of the cenote, so you can swim to reach it and float.
Price: 140 MXN
How to get there? This cenote is located on the road of cenotes near Puerto Morelos. You might need to rent a car to get there as there are no colectivos, but if you can't drive get a cab from Playa del Carmen.
Dzitnup
The story says that this cenote was discovered after a pig felt down to it while being walked by his farmer. Dzitnup, also known as Xkeken, is one of the cenotes you need to go around noon when the light stream goes through the top and gives a great visual effect. If you go earlier or later you won't be able to see this spectacular light. You can also find some blackfish.
Unfortunately, recently some colorful lights were installed inside what makes it quite touristy looking, but it's still worth your time.
Price: 60
How to get there? You can ride a bike from Valladolid, but the easiest form of transportation would be a rental car as it's 10 km away from town.
Off-the-Beaten Path Cenotes:
Zaci
Cenote Zaci was one of the first cenotes I've seen, but also one of the best as it was almost completely empty. Located very close to the main plaza of Valladolid it's easy to get to and it's cheap. If you're able, be sure to walk the entire way around the entire sinkhole because every angle gives you a different view.
Open: daily 8:30am-5:30pm
Price: 50 MXN
How to get there? If you're already in Valladolid you can easily walk over to the cenote in 15 minutes.
Cenote Xoch
A little town of Cenotillo has over 100 cenotes. We searched for someone to show us one of them, literally going from door to door. There's no other way. Many locals were afraid of going to cenotes; telling us stories that some people who went never came back and their bodies were never found. Spooky. When we finally managed to find a guide, he took us to this hidden gem where I immediately took over the raft.
Price: depending on who's taking you to the cenote
How to get there? Drive to Cenotillo town and ask locals who can take you to some cenotes.
Difficulty level: Extreme!
Cenote Cristal
Cenote Cristal is a small cenote that might not have the most crystal waters you'd see but it's a bit off the beaten path place to hang out. Also, the cutest little cat came to me, then stayed with and cuddled the whole time purring.
Open: daily 9am-5:30pm
Price: 120, but you get free access to Escondido as well.
How to get there? You can easily bike 3km from Tulum as that's what I did, but if you want to get there faster get a cab as it shouldn't be very expensive.
Cenote Escondido
Cenote Escondido is far from being the most beautiful cenote near Tulum, but it's really hidden and you can enter for free if you visit Cenote Cristal. It has a cool rope to jump from and apparently an underwater cave I failed to discover when I visited.
Best Cenotes for Activities:
Verde Lucero
Verde Lucero is an open cenote with various small caves that you can explore and use some floaties. Like the majority of cenotes in the area of Puerto Morelos, it has a zipline and a cliff for jumping. The whole scenery look very jungle like so you'll surely enjoy it!
Open: daily 9am-5pm
Price: 120 MXN
How to get there? This cenote is located on the road of cenotes near Puerto Morelos. You might need to rent a car to get there as there are no colectivos, but if you can't drive get a cab from Playa del Carmen.
Tamcach-Ha
What makes this cenote special is the two platforms you can jump off. I didn't have the courage, but everyone seemed to love jumping from an 11m platform.
Open: daily 9am-4pm
Price: 50
How to get there? If you came to Coba with a driver ask him to get you to cenotes – it's just 5 minutes away. If you're driving everyone can give you directions.
Want to read more about Mexico? Check out my Mexico: Travel & Live section! If you have any specific questions join my Mexico Travel Tips community group on Facebook
ARRANGE YOUR TRAVEL INSURANCE
Don't forget to arrange a health insurance before heading to the best cenotes in Mexico. The easiest and the most reliable travel insurance is Travel World Nomads Travel Insurance. Get it before your trip to avoid unnecessary troubles that might ruin your holidays!
Share this: Share
Facebook
Twitter
The principal problem with Mitt Romney's foreign policy statements is not that his position swings widely, or that he often reverses himself, according to the audience and the daily news. This is no surprise in American presidential campaigning. But is there an underlying scheme lurking in what he says? Does Mr. Romney actually possess a serious understanding of American foreign relations, their past, present and the problems they will present to a new administration? Is he capable of assembling what he says into a coherent national policy?
“No” seems the clear answer to that question. It is no surprise to find a businessman who is clueless with respect to America's international relations. His concerns are elsewhere. But when a businessman is running for the American presidency, you would expect an effort to read, learn and make a serious effort to see the patterns that might lie within the competitive “brainwashings” (to borrow a fateful phrase from Mitt's father, George) being conducted by rival politicians and press and television.
To take an obvious case, Mr. Romney early in the campaign said that since Benjamin Netanyahu, prime minister of Israel, had been a business associate of his early in their respective careers, he would trust Mr. Netanyahu's advice on Middle Eastern affairs, and would never do anything that went against advice of the Israeli prime minister. He seemed to be saying that the Netanyahu would provide him with impartial counsel.
At that time, the Israeli leader was attempting to manipulate the Obama administration, by way of political blackmail and direct appeals to Congress over the president's head, into supporting an Israeli military strike against Iran, or joining Israel in such an action.
Without getting into the argument about where Iran currently stands with respect to constructing such a weapon, and asking what it would be able to do with such a weapon if it had it, on both of which professional opinion greatly differs, a candidate for the presidency — Republican or Democrat — should understand what is going on around him.
If he read the newspapers and talked to professionals and his advisers, he would have known that it was and remains in the national interest of Israel, as Netanyahu sees it, as well as in Netanyahu's personal partisan interest, to persuade the United States to attack Iran or to underwrite such an attack by Israel. He is anything but impartial. Mr. Romney offered Israel on a silver platter an American commitment to a war that the American public does not wish to wage.
On Monday of this week, that assurance to Israel was nowhere to be found in the foreign policy speech Mr. Romney gave at the Virginia Military Institute. He promised a second aircraft carrier for the region and declared “the world must never see any daylight between our two nations.” But that was as far as he went.
I see daylight already, in Mitt Romney's changed position. Don't you? Netanyahu surely does. But then hope springs eternal, and Mr. Romney has gained poll points against President Obama since last week's debate, so the Israeli prime minister has new reason to hope that Romney can win the election.
Mr. Romney himself, now presenting himself as a man of moderation, has announced that Russia is America's greatest geostrategic enemy, and that China is a currency manipulator which has been “running over” the United States for the past 20 years. He thereby assures that he would enter office with both of them as enemies. Why? Surely making powerful enemies is not the right way to become elected.
He deplores American national indebtedness, which the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff and the secretary of defense both characterize as the nation's “number one national security threat.” Yet he accuses Obama of “arbitrary and crippling” cuts in defense spending, and promises to spend more on weapons. Again, why? With whom does he foresee a new war?
This brings up the question of his advisers, of whom there are a great many, of several schools of thought. There are elderly liberal internationalists from the George H.W. Bush administration, hoping to restore moderation, international law observance and civility to American policy.
There are neo-conservatives left over from the George W. Bush administration, responsible for the Iraq and Afghanistan invasions, and in favor of doing the same to Iran.
There are tea-party populists, some of them isolationists, some aggressive promoters of American exceptionalism and militarism.
There is John Bolton, who has never seen an international organization he does not fear and despise.
If Mitt Romney becomes president, all these will be fighting one another, like buzzards tearing at street-kill, in order to get back into command positions. But they contradict one another.
Each item in Mr. Romney's array of policy statements and claims makes an appeal for votes from some individual segment of the electorate. Together, they are a puzzle. There has to be guiding intelligence applied to make something coherent from them. But there is little sign that this intelligence belongs to Mitt Romney.
Visit William Pfaff's website for more on his latest book, “The Irony of Manifest Destiny: The Tragedy of America's Foreign Policy” (Walker & Co., $25), at www.williampfaff.com.
With the All-Star break firmly behind us it's time to look forward to the end of the season. The San Francisco Giants are currently 1 game behind the Los Angeles Dodgers, no one else matter since they are all too far back to contend for the division title. I'm going to evaluate both teams remaining schedule and try to determine who will end the season with the title.
The Giants thankfully have the easier of the two schedule based on the quality of the opponents they will be facing. The combined winning percentage of the Giants upcoming opponents is (.490) meanwhile the Dodgers schedule has a (.496) winning percentage, so the advantage goes to the Giants. 39 of the 67 upcoming games are against teams that have a losing record (under .500) compared to the Dodgers only playing 30. The Dodgers are playing 35 games against teams with a winning record while the giants only have to play 27. The Giants are playing games against the top five teams 18 times and teams in the bottom five 16 times, the Dodgers play ten games against teams from the top five and 18 from the bottom five. So in the end the Giants have the advantage in combined winning percentage and facing teams under and over .500. The Dodgers meanwhile have the advantage when it comes facing top five and bottom five teams. Here is a list of each teams opponents.
San Francisco Giants
Dodgers X9 (.557)
Phillies X7 (.442)
Padres X7 (.432)
Rockies X7 (.421)
Brewers X6 (.552)
D-Backs X6 (.417)
Mets X4 (.474)
Tigers X3 (.582)
Nationals X3 (.548)
Pirates X3 (.516)
Royals X3 (.511)
Marlins X3 (.468)
Cubs X3 (.426)
White Sox X2 (.469)
Los Angeles Dodgers
Giants X9 (.547)
Padres X9 (.432)
Braves X7 (.547)
Cubs X7 (.426)
Brewers X6 (.552)
Rockies X6 (.421)
D-Backs X5 (.417)
Angels X4 (.606)
Nationals X3 (.548)
Cardinals X3 (.542)
Pirates X3 (.516)
Mets X3 (.474)
As shown above the Giants and the Dodgers play each other nine times in the coming months, six games in San Francisco and three in Los Angeles. The Giants have the easier schedule but overall it's hard to argue that the Dodgers aren't the better team, especially if they make a move at the deadline. In the end those nine games between the two will determine who wins the division. The Giants are 6-3 against the Dodgers this year. In the end I think the Giants have a chance to win the division. Only if they get Angel Pagan back and the Dodgers don't make a big move at the deadline.
Advertisements
Alessandro Boyd, Gleaner Writer
Nigel Hoyow, president of the Jamaica Amateur Radio Association (JARA), has stated that there was a deficiency in young amateur radio operators (ham) due to the fact that the current system operates under Morse code, a method which is long outdated.
Hoyow made the comment at a handing over ceremony at the Office of Disaster Preparedness and Emergency Management in Kingston on Thursday.
The Canadian International Development Agency and the Canada Caribbean Disaster Risk Management Fund made the donation of telecommunications equipment to JARA.
"It goes without saying that the old operators are phasing out, youngsters such as the ones from the physics department at the University of the West Indies (UWI) are technologically advanced and hence require more recent systems. Many of these young operators have migrated to other countries such as Canada and the United States due to the Morse code, it is stifling our growth," he told The Gleaner.
Outdated technology
Morse code is a requirement from the Spectrum Management Agency (SMA) to receive the training to attain an amateur training licence.
"Youngsters that are in the physics department at UWI, and even sixth-form students are having difficulties in an attaining amateur radio licence because of Morse code being a requirement. It is no longer being used in radio communication throughout the world," he added.
The SMA regulates amateur radio operation in Jamaica and issues a licence to anyone who sits the exam. Morse code is a requirement for this exam.
Gerald Burton, operations manager of JARA, said the SMA had sent a request to the Ministry of Commerce, Science and Technology to remove the Morse Code Act from being a requirement to attain the amateur radio licence. It was sent in 2005 and since then there has been no response.
When contacted, Minister Phillip Paulwell said he was not aware of the request and would seek more information.
Amateur radio operators currently operate at five vantage points across the island, the additional two units that were donated at the ceremony will be placed in St Thomas and Westmoreland. The equipment is in commemoration of the 'Telecommunications Infrastructure Strengthening Project for Emergency Communications and Early Warning Systems Efficacy' Project.
"In the case of a hurricane, they can send messages of any affected communities to the Office of Disaster Preparedness and Emergency Management and to other vantage points such as the centre in Miami and across the island, to name a few. Nothing has been done since the SMA sent the request in 2005 and that is stifling the growth of amateur radio in Jamaica," Burton added.
Evernote became the latest member of the "we've been hacked" club. And the thing is, what was once a pretty exclusive club now lets just about everyone in these days. I'm a member too. And as I discovered when I was hacked last year, my experience was distressingly commonplace. And yet while being hacked may be increasingly familiar, it isn't getting any less stressful or confusing. It's hard to know what to do, or where to begin, immediately afterward.
Whether you were hacked, phished, had malware installed or just don't know what the heck happened but there's somebody all up in your e-mail, here are a few good first steps to take following an incident. This is by no means comprehensive, but it's a good start.
Ask Yourself Why
While you are fixing things, it's a good time to take a step back, and ask yourself a more basic question: What was the reason for the breach? If it was your bank account, the answer may be obvious. In other cases, such as e-mail, it can be for a host of reasons – from using it to send spam, to requesting money from your contacts, to getting password resets on other services. An attacker may even be trying to gain access to your business. Knowing why you were targeted can also sometimes help you understand how you were breached.
Reset Your Passwords
Immediately change the password on the affected service, and any others that use the same or similar password. And, really, don't reuse passwords. You should be changing your passwords periodically anyway as a part of routine maintenance. But if you've just been hacked, it's now more urgent. This is especially true if you reuse passwords, or use schemes that result in similar passwords (like 123Facebook, 123Linkedin, 123Google).
"Password reuse is one of the great evils and It's very hard to prevent," says PayPal's principal scientist for consumer security Markus Jakobsson. Sites can set up password requirements – for example a character length or that a password include symbols and numbers – but they cannot force people into not reusing the same or similar passwords. "It's very common for people to use similar or the same password but it's very rare for people to realize that it creates a liability for them to do it and that they need to change their password after they've been hacked."
Update and Scan
There's a possibility that the attacker got in via your machine. Almost all malware is installed by victims themselves, if unknowingly. And if something nasty is on your computer, you need to get it off before you start a recovery process. Make sure you are running the most recent version of your operating system. Download a solid anti-virus product and run a scan for malware and viruses that may have been the source of the attack. This is the most basic thing you can do, so do it now. And moreover, use a brand-name commercial program that you pay for.
"Malware antivirus software isn't perfect – they have a hit ratio of 50 to 75 percent and can miss almost as much as they find, but it's better than nothing," explains Jakobsson. And why should you pay for it? "Most people who search for 'free antivirus' end up installing malware."
Take Back Your Account
Most of the major online services have tools in place to help you get your account back after it has been taken over by someone else. Here's how to do that on Apple, Facebook, Google, Microsoft, Twitter and Yahoo. Typically, you're going to need to be able to answer some questions about your account. Facebook has a novel method that relies on friend verification. Are you using a service not listed here? Typically you can find your way back in by searching for its name plus "account recovery."
Check for Backdoors
Smart hackers won't just get into your account, they'll also set up tools to make sure they can get back in once you've gotten them out. Once you have your accounts back, you should immediately make sure there isn't a back door somewhere designed to let an attacker back in. Check your e-mail rules and filters to make sure nothing is getting forwarded to another account without your knowledge. See if the answers to your security questions were changed, or if those questions themselves have changed.
Follow the Money
If there is an element of commerce involved in the affected account, thoroughly review any activity on that account. Verify that no new shipping addresses have been set up on your account, no new payment methods have been added, or new accounts linked. This is especially true of sites that let you make one-click purchases, or issue payment cards.
"Attackers do things for a reason," says Jakobsson. "If we are talking about attacking your Bank of America account or PayPal the reason is obvious: They want your money. What criminals will often want to do is hook up a debit card to your account. If they add an address and then request a financial instrument, that is a way for them to monetize."
Perform a Security Audit on All Your Affected Accounts
Often, one account is simply used as a gateway to another. Your Dropbox account may only be a means to get at something stored there. Your e-mail might only be a path to your online banking. Not only do you need to secure the account you know was hacked, but you need to check all the others it touches as well. Reset your passwords on those services, and treat them as if they have been compromised.
De-Authorize All Those Apps
This is one of those non-obvious but important steps. One of the first things you should probably do if you've had an account compromise is de-authorize all the associated apps that use that account for login or for its social graph. For example, Google, Twitter, Facebook, Dropbox and many others support OAuth, which enables third party apps to use account APIs without having to give them the account login information. But if a hacker has used it to authorize another device or service, and remains logged in there, simply changing your password won't get them out. There could be a rogue client out there that you remain unaware of even after regaining access to your account. The best bet is to pull the plug on everything you've given access to. Here they are on Google, Facebook and Twitter. It may be a pain to go back through and re-authorize them, but it's less so than leaving a malicious individual lurking in your account. And in any case, doing so periodically is just good hygene.
Lock Down Your Credit
It's bad enough you had your email hacked, but you really don't want your identity stolen as a result. Services like LifeLock will do this for you for a fee, but you can also do it yourself by contacting the three major credit reporting agencies directly. Depending on the state you live in, locking down your credit might be free, provided you've filed a police report.
Speak Out
"Say that your Facebook account gets hacked," says Jakobsson, "there's a good chance you won't lose any money, but your friends might." The mugged-in-London scam works by hijacking your identity to contact friends to request money. It's also true, though less commonly so, on AIM and Google Talk and other services. There may also be data that you need to let others' know has been accessed–from financial matters to sensitive personal information.
But there's another reason to do this too, and it's the same reason for this very article, which is to raise awareness. The best tactic of all is to do everything in your power to not be hacked: to run up to date software, use good password hygiene, and make backups of everything in your system.
"This is an amazing opportunity to educate people," says Jakobsson. ""When you say, 'wow, it could happen to him; it could happen to me,' that's when you change."
69 shares
New data presented by researchers at Lund University and others in the journal Oceanologia shows that the air along the coasts is full of hazardous nanoparticles from ships, posing a greater threat to human health than previously thought.
According to the research, almost half of the measured particles stem from sea traffic emissions, while the rest is deemed to be mainly from cars but also biomass combustion, industries and natural particles from the sea.
“Nanoparticles can be hazardous to our health as they, because of their small size, can penetrate deeper into the lungs than larger particles contributing to both cardiovascular and pulmonary diseases,” Lund University said in their statement announcing the findings.
Adam Kristensson, researcher in Aerosol Technology at the Lund University Faculty of Engineering in Sweden and co-author of the Oceanologia, explains that to arrive at these results, he and his colleagues have studied the air flow from their measuring station in southern Sweden as it passes over the Baltic Sea, all the way to the measuring station on the Lithuanian coast. The wind often travels towards the east, and the particles can travel long distances before they are trapped in our lungs or washed away by the rain. They have also studied the air flow from a station in the Finnish archipelago towards the Lithuanian station.
“Previously, we thought that land-based pollution from northern European countries and emissions of natural particles from the surface of the sea accounted for a much larger proportion”, Kristensson says.
Particles from sea traffic in the North Sea and the Baltic Sea are expected to contribute to 10,000 premature deaths every year, but Kristensson stresses that this estimate is very uncertain, and believes that it is important to continue to conduct these types of measurements.
Check out the video below describing the research team's work and the recent findings:
Since November, when San Diego's Tourism Authority President and CEO Joe Terzi told San Diego 6 that the Tourism Authority was hoping by January to finalize an agreement with Comic-Con International to extend San Diego Comic-Con's stay in the city by another two years, through 2018, things have been quiet on that front.
Obviously, as we're well into January, an agreement wasn't reached as early as the Tourism Authority had hoped – but according to a recent article in the LA Times, Terzi believes that the agreement will be signed “soon, maybe within a month”, to keep Comic-Con in San Diego. The current agreement only runs through 2016.
“It's one of those things you can't take for granted,” San Diego Mayor Kevin Faulconer said in a November interview with San Diego 6. “I won't. We're very lucky to have groups like Comic-Con come to the city.”
A recent study by the San Diego Workforce Partnership estimated that the convention has an economic impact in the area of $160,000,000-$180,000,000 – meaning that it's a huge tourism win for the city. The San Diego Convention Center Corp. also released their own findings on the convention's regional impact, and although their estimates fall on the low end of the spectrum, estimating that SDCC brings in around $135,900,000, it's still the most revenue that any convention brings to the city all year, by more than double.
“For us, Comic-Con is our Super Bowl,” Terzi told the LA Times. “We're very committed to Comic-Con.”
One of the biggest obstacles to keeping the convention in the city, according to Terzi, is the cost of staying at Comic-Con for out-of-town attendees. Those who have tried to book a room through Comic-Con's convention center rates know that even with a special CCI rate, room prices are one of the biggest expenses of the convention, with prices ranging from $152/night for one person at the Comfort Inn and Suites Hotel Circle South Seaworld in Mission Valley, up to $375/night for one person at the Hard Rock Hotel suites. The closer the hotel, usually the higher the price. And without the special Comic-Con discounted rate, rooms can go for over $800 a night, which would price out a large percentage of attendees.
To combat this, the Tourism Authority has been campaigning an ongoing effort to get the more than 50 hotels in the Comic-Con convention room block to lock in current rates through 2018, to ensure that room rates can't rise. Additionally, major waterfront convention hotels have committed to some free meeting space for Comic-Con events, and the center itself will offer a much discounted rent.
“Comic-Con has expressed concern over the last several years that it's getting very expensive for their attendees to come to San Diego and while they recognize that they're here at a premium time of year, they feel they're being taken advantage of to a degree,” Terzi said in an interview with U-T San Diego. “I believe that Comic-Con is ours to keep but we can't get too cocky and create an environment that doesn't work for their customers.”
In the meantime, Comic-Con International has also been hearing presentations from other cities, about what they can offer Comic-Con International.
“The proposals we've received are pretty amazing,” David Glanzer, Marketing and Public Relations Director for CCI, told the LA Times. “It's not an easy decision.”
However, even with stalled movement on the expansion, San Diego makes the most sense for the convention, if it wants to stay in California. The convention center has deep roots in San Diego, having called it home for more than 40 years since its inception. The next largest convention center in California is in Anaheim, which houses San Diego Comic-Con's smaller, sister-show, WonderCon Anaheim. That convention center may boast a larger exhibit floor, but the rest of the convention center is a full 1,000,000 square feet smaller (though a planned 220,000 square feet expansion is currently underway).
“I don't think any of the venues that are trying to compete for Comic-Con are going to offer anything as good as San Diego,” Steven Johnson, a spokesman for the San Diego Convention Center Corp., told the LA Times. “Attendees have grown to love San Diego as a destination.”
Hopefully both sides feel that it's only a matter of time before Comic-Con International's fate is sealed in San Diego through 2018.
How do you feel about Comic-Con potentially staying in San Diego? Let us know in the comments.
LYNCHBURG, Virginia — Evangelicals weren't supposed to like Donald Trump. He's boasted about never asking God for forgiveness, exhibited total biblical illiteracy, and had as many wives as an Old Testament patriarch.
But none of that matters. When the billionaire mogul spoke at Liberty University this morning, he got a rapturous welcome that showed just how much evangelicals love him—and why. The obsequiously warm reception he received may upend conventional wisdom about what conservative Christians want from their presidential candidates. And that's great news for Trump.
Fox News morning programming warmed up the 11,000-strong crowd, and then the university's hipster Christian worship band led students in song.
“We worship you today because you're the great celebrity in this place,” prayed David Nasser, the school's senior vice president for spiritual development, addressing God.
The boisterous crowd—some of whom woke up at 3:30 a.m. to get good seats—proceeded to worship Trump.
Trump's performance certainly drew some sneers, especially when an attempt to pander fell flat after Trump mispronounced a biblical reference as “Two Corinthians” instead of “Second Corinthians.” But despite that, his overwhelmingly warm reception confirms that he's just as competitive as any other Republican among evangelical Christian voters.
This was not always obvious. Many conservative Christian power-brokers—including Penny Nance of Concerned Women for America and Russell Moore of the Southern Baptist Convention—have harshly criticized Trump. And his calls for barring Muslims from immigrating to the U.S. worried many conservative Christians who prioritize issues of religious freedom. But that doesn't matter.
Jerry Falwell Jr., the university president and son of Moral Majority founder Jerry Falwell, introduced Trump to the crowd and left no doubt about his feelings for the golden-haired mogul.
“In my opinion, Donald Trump lives a life of loving and helping others, as Jesus taught in the Great Commandment,” he said.
Then he compared Trump to Reagan.
“My father was criticized in the early 1980s for supporting Ronald Reagan over Jimmy Carter for president, I should say, because Ronald Reagan was a Hollywood actor who had been divorced and remarried, and Jimmy Carter was a Southern Baptist Sunday School teacher,” Falwell said. “My father proudly replied that Jesus pointed out that we are all sinners, every one of us.
“Jimmy Carter was a great Sunday School teacher,” Falwell added, “but look what happened to our nation with him in the presidency.”
The implication was clear as a bell: Evangelical Christians shouldn't stress about Trump's personal life.
But Falwell didn't just compare Trump to Reagan; he also said Trump reminded him of his father, generous and pragmatic. And he compared Trump's presidential campaign to the university itself.
“I'm proud that Liberty is now strong enough financially to refuse gifts if they come with objectionable conditions,” he said. “And it is clear to me that Donald Trump is the only candidate in this national election to make that same claim. He cannot be bought. He is not a puppet on a string like many other candidates—”
The crowd erupted in cheers.
“He is not a puppet on a string like many other candidates who have wealthy donors as their puppet masters,” he continued, essentially indicting the entire rest of the Republican field.
The Trump/Liberty love is a mutual one. After sauntering on stage to sustained applause, Trump announced that the turnout at the event was a new record for a Liberty University convocation—perhaps unaware that student attendance at these weekly meetings is mandatory—and said he would dedicate the impressive feat to Martin Luther King Jr.
Seriously.
A spokeswoman for the university said 11,000 people attended the event and did not confirm if Trump actually broke a record or what the previous record was.
Trump said that being compared to Jerry Falwell the elder was “really an honor for me.” Then he reiterated his promise that department stores will say Merry Christmas if he becomes president (Christians love that, you know).
“I have friends that aren't Christian,” he noted. “They like to say Merry Christmas, they love it, everybody loves it.”
He also noted that he is a big fan of the Bible, saying it is the only book to top The Art of the Deal.
“Everybody read The Art of the Deal,” he said. “Who has read The Art of the Deal in this room? Everybody. I always say, a deep deep second to the Bible.
“The Bible blows it away,” he added. “There's nothing like the Bible.”
He spent the bulk of the speech talking about Iran, the so-called Islamic State widely known as ISIS, and the sad mendacity of the national media (“Twenty-five percent are good. Two percent are great.”). Said sad national media, he argued, has failed to report on just how much support Trump has won.
“You're not getting a real picture of the silent majority, which Jerry Sr. had something to do,” he said. “And that's a phrase you should be really cognizant of. Because it is a silent majority, but I think I'm gonna up it a little bit because it's no longer so silent. It's really a noisy majority.”
Trump wasn't especially articulate there, but the appeal was clear: His success isn't a fluke. Rather, the implication was that Trump's supporters come from a long tradition of grassroots conservatives who seek to use the political process to change cultural norms (see Christmas, War On).
And Trump's pitch was perfect.
“He spoke to the Liberty audience and culture almost as if he was a part of it,” said Johnnie Moore, former senior vice president at the school, “as if he had been a part of it—a graduate or an alumnus or someone who had had kids go there.”
Moore said that's because—despite his “Two Corinthians” flub—he came off as authentic.
“Not a single person in that crowd this morning thought, I wonder if he's lying to me,” Moore said.
He noted that evangelical Christians have two basic approaches to politics: Some want candidates to have as much in common with them as possible—they embrace long-shot contenders like Mike Huckabee and Rick Santorum because they share their identical convictions about Christianity's role in public life. The Falwells aren't in that school of thought. Rather, they like winners, even if that means backing candidates who used to be pro-choice and have a few divorces under their belt. That's why Jerry Falwell Sr. made good with John McCain after the Arizonan called him an “agent of intolerance,” and it's why their family was so undyingly loyal to the Bushes—even as George H. W. Bush struggled to win evangelical support.
The Falwell family hasn't lost its single-minded interest in winning, and that's why Jerry Jr. had such kind words for Trump.
“It was clear that he would be extremely comfortable if Trump was the candidate,” Moore said.
This should surprise no one. In 2012, a few months before Obama's re-election, Trump spoke at the university for the first time. Jerry Jr. praised his most controversial stances in an affectionate introduction.
“In 2011, after failed attempts by Senator John McCain and Hillary Clinton, Mr. Trump singlehandedly forced President Obama to release his birth certificate,” Falwell said, dead serious. And the students roared.
Trump's speech that year was a little bawdier; he encouraged students to get prenups (“I won't say it here because you people don't get divorced, right? Nobody gets divorced! OK, so I will not say have a prenuptial agreement to anybody in this room!”) and he stirred controversy by telling them to “get even” with people who wrong them. Luke 6:29 definitely isn't Trump's favorite Bible verse.
Despite that, Jerry Falwell Jr. practically begged him to run.
“It's not too late to get back in the presidential race, is it?” Falwell said after that 2012 speech.
And now Trump is in, and Falwell seems to love it. This puts him a bit at odds with other evangelical leaders; a coterie of conservative Christian influencers secretly agreed last month to coalesce behind Ted Cruz, as National Review reported. But Falwell is hedging. Cruz, who announced his presidential campaign last year in the same room where Trump spoke, might be more faithful than Trump, and he might not have been married a bunch of times, and he might have that neat Harvard Law degree. But that doesn't necessarily make him a winner.
Students at the school shared Falwell's energy for the candidate. Five bros wore shirts that spelled out the word TRUMP—one letter per T-shirt—and spent the time before the event posing for photos and fielding media questions. Others woke up early to get front-row seats for the mogul's speech.
Christian Malave, a student at the university, said he likes Trump's attitude.
“He just thinks about everyone before himself,” he said. “And yet he has the most money in the world.”
Sophomore Emma Jerore and Freshman Mary-Madison Goforth said they were in line for the speech by 6 a.m. so they could get good seats.
“He's a very wise businessman,” Goforth said.
Jerore said she is trying to pick between Rubio and Trump. Goforth said she faced the same dilemma.
“Today definitely motivated me a little more towards Trump's side,” she said.
“We both got to shake his hand, so that was, I mean, enough in itself,” she added.
A number of students said they were trying to decide between Trump and Cruz. Brian Teague, a sophomore studying aviation who sported a Trump T-shirt, said Carson lost support when news broke in early December that he doesn't believe in hell.
“A lot of people were leaning towards him because he was so humble, you know, his morals,” Teague said. “But when he left the idea of hell, I think that's when he lost a lot of people.”
That said, Liberty isn't all Trumpkins. Caleb Fitzpatrick, a freshman from Tampa, Florida, said he thinks the billionaire is the worst Republican candidate.
“I think he has no idea what's going on in the world,” he said. “I think he's arrogant, I think he's a narcissist, I think he's perverted.”
Still, students gave Trump an adoring welcome. If Trump wants to build a new moral majority, he'll know where to find footsoldiers.
Facebook has begun digging through its users' public posts for insight into their political views and will give the findings to ABC News and BuzzFeed to help their coverage of the 2016 presidential election.
The company confirmed the partnership with the two news organizations in an email to The Huffington Post on Friday. As part of the experiment, Facebook will categorize status updates about politicians and policy issues by adult Facebook users in the U.S. as positive, negative or neutral. The data will guide ABC and BuzzFeed's reporting on the political leanings of certain demographics.
Facebook's data will first be used by ABC News during its midterm election coverage next week, specifically discussing 2016 presidential candidates and issues. BuzzFeed News will use the data regularly for political analysis.
The partnership was first reported by Politico.
A Facebook spokesperson told HuffPost that the company will look only at public status updates and not pull data from private messages or replies to other users' posts. The company also stressed that it will anonymize the aggregated data reports before they hand them over to ABC and BuzzFeed.
Those promises might ring hollow with Facebook users: A recent survey of 4,000 Americans found that 82.9 percent of the respondents did not trust Facebook with their personal information.
That sentiment almost certainly has something to do with Facebook's long history of keeping tabs on users. The company analyzes users' browsing history and sells that data to third-party companies for targeted advertising. Facebook has also shared with an outside firm data on how its users discuss TV shows.
Share
According to Nielsen's latest Cross-Platform report that studies how content is consumed, the average amount of live television watched each day has dropped by approximately two percent over the previous year. Alternatively, the amount of time spent watching content recorded on a DVR has increased by approximately eight percent over the same time period. In addition, the number of people watching television programs over the Internet on a computer or streaming shows on a mobile smartphone has increased year-over-year. Regarding physical media, the amount of people watching DVD or Blu-ray discs decreased slightly over the same time period and video game usage remained the same.
Specific to age, older adults were vastly more likely to spend more time watching live television than younger adults. Men over the age of 35 spend approximately five and a half hours per day watching television while women of the same age range spend a bit over six hours. The younger 18 to 34 year old demographic spends about three and half hours watching television on the male side and slightly more than four hours per day on the female side.
DVR usage was highest among adults between the ages of 35 to 64 while watching video on the Internet was most popular with young adults between the ages of 18 to 34. When it comes to watching video on a mobile phone, children between the ages of 12 to 17 and young adults between the ages of 18 to 24 were the most likely to watch programming on their smartphone. Regarding ethnicity and race, African-Americans consumed the most traditional live television with an average of 210 hours per month while Asian-Americans watched the least with an average of 100 hours per month.
When it comes to cord cutting, the amount of people that are subscribing to cable television has dropped by about five percent year-over-year. Television service through satellite or telecommunication companies has stayed relatively stable. Interestingly, the number of people that subscribe to broadband Internet service and only watch broadcast television over-the-air has increased over the past twelve months.
Regarding home theater hardware, the amount of DVD or Blu-ray players used in U.S. homes decreased by nearly three percent while the amount of DVR devices has increased by nine percent year-over-year.
In addition, the amount of high definition televisions within U.S. homes increased by nine percent and video game console market penetration also increased by three percent. Specifically, forty-six percent of U.S. homes have a gaming console and thirty-nine percent have a seventh-generation gaming console within the home.
In addition, gaming consoles are getting more usage as an entertainment hub than a standalone DVD or Blu-ray player. Beyond simply playing games, PlayStation 3 owners spend an average of 36 minutes on the console each day for other entertainment like streaming video on Netflix, Vudu or Hulu Plus. In addition, Xbox 360 owners spend about 32 minutes per day on the console and Wii owners spend about 17 minutes on the console each day. Households that utilize a seventh-generations gaming console are more likely to have broadband Internet access, spend money each month on extra services and experiment with new electronic devices within the home.
The Obama administration's disdain for the rule of law continues to reverberate. One way is its Title IX madness, which has caught numerous colleges and universities in its web. Among them is Amherst College, which now faces a lawsuit brought by a student who makes a compelling case that he was wrongfully expelled.
The facts revolve around a drunken hookup between two students and the woman's subsequent efforts at covering up her more than willing participation by blaming the male student and accusing him of assault. Amherst's administration was equally complicit, however, pronouncing the man guilty on flimsy and incomplete evidence, then refusing to reconsider once evidence that the woman had fabricated her story came to light.
And the dark force driving the school to make an example of the student was the Education Department's Office for Civil Rights (OCR).
On the night of February 4-5, 2012, John Doe (as he is called in the court documents) was so drunk that he “blacked out” and couldn't remember much about the night, including even his interaction with Sandra Jones (again a pseudonym). The two were making out in a dormitory common area when another student said that they ought to go somewhere private. Jones led Doe to her room, where she performed oral sex on him. Her room was available because her roommate—Doe's girlfriend—was away.
Doe thought little more about that drunken night with Jones until he was dumbfounded to receive a notice from Amherst in December of 2013 that he had been charged with rape. He would have to appear at a hearing in ten days.
For that hearing, he was allowed to choose an “advisor” from a list given to him by the school, but that individual could only suggest questions for the examiner, not speak for the accused or cross-examine witnesses. That list didn't include anyone with the slightest legal training. (The person Doe chose was an Amherst administrator with a degree in Social Justice Education, who was of no help.)
Unknown to Doe, Amherst had decided to follow the Obama administration's preferred system for adjudicating sexual assault complaints, namely hiring an investigator who would look into the case, question some witnesses, and then make a presentation to a panel. That panel would then decide on disciplinary action, if any.
But that process was stacked against Doe from the beginning. The investigator was a local attorney who had been trained in the OCR's witness-believing, guilt-presuming approach to these cases. Moreover, the three members of the panel were all drawn from a group of administrators from local schools who had likewise received this training. They had all gone through a seminar on “the dynamics of sexual misconduct, the factors relevant to a determination of credibility, the appropriate manner in which to receive and evaluate sensitive information… and the application of the preponderance of the evidence standard.”
That last point is particularly noteworthy. The OCR insists on a minimal level of proof to find a student guilty. The evidence need only indicate that it is slightly more likely than not that the student had committed a wrongful act. In practice, this means that an accused male student will be found guilty so long as the female accuser has any credibility at all.
In Doe's case, the panel that decided his case consisted of two student-life officials from other colleges in the area and an administrator at a third whose doctorate was in Social Justice Education. Those individuals were certainly not inclined to probe deeply for weaknesses in the accuser's story or evidence that Doe had not committed any assault.
Finally, while Doe's advisor was not allowed to act as an advocate for him, the school's chosen advisor for the accuser was permitted to act as an advocate against him, and did.
The result of the trial was a foregone conclusion. Doe was found to have assaulted the female student, even though the panel found it “credible” that he was so drunk that he had little or no knowledge or control. Consequently, Doe was immediately expelled.
After his expulsion, which is now a permanent part of his academic record, Doe hired a lawyer to dig into the case, and his lawyer found a lot of evidence that Amherst's hired investigator had not. His lawyer subpoenaed the texts that Sandra Jones had sent that night and they utterly demolished the story she had concocted in an effort to portray herself as an innocent victim.
Those texts showed that she was desperate to cover up the fact that she had initiated sex with Doe and also that, far from feeling distraught over being assaulted, she had invited another male student she was interested in to come over and “entertain” her after she'd gotten Doe out of her room. (For details on those communications and about Amherst's one-sided hearing in the case, see this Minding the Campus essay by Professor KC Johnson.)
When Doe's attorney asked Amherst to reopen the case in light of all the new evidence he had uncovered, it refused. Evidently, rectifying an injustice was less important to Amherst than being able to say it had nailed a male student and thus helped to combat the rape epidemic. In that respect, Amherst's treatment of “John Doe” is the same as Yale's treatment of star basketball player Jack Montague; it wanted a scalp and got one, as I explained in this article.
Doe decided to sue Amherst in federal district court.
The case was assigned to Judge Mark Mastroianni, an Obama appointee. Amherst moved to have the case dismissed. Judge Mastroianni carefully evaluated all of Doe's allegations and ruled that several of them were strong enough to warrant a trial. That might cause Amherst to regret its eagerness to mete out the college equivalent of capital punishment for a student just to appease the OCR and campus rape zealots.
The first, and I think most important, part of the ruling concerns Doe's argument that Amherst had a contractual duty to provide all its students with fair procedures in the event of a disciplinary proceeding, and that in his case it failed to abide by that contract.
Judge Mastroianni's decision agreed with Doe that Amherst was contractually obligated (through its Policy and Procedures handbook for students) to ensure that Doe received “thorough, impartial and fair” procedures. He found sufficient evidence that it did not for the case to go to trial.
That is significant. Schools across the nation have been so ready to follow OCR's directives that they have forgotten that they have contractual obligations to the students they enroll. Crucially, this means they can be liable for railroading students through kangaroo courts. Pleading “But we were just following orders from the federal government” probably won't work as a defense.
Colleges and universities across America should take heed.
Second, Judge Mastroianni found sufficient grounds for Doe's allegation that Amherst was guilty of sexual discrimination against him that the case can proceed.
Specifically—and again based on evidence that was presented only after the stacked trial—Doe claims that Amherst treated him differently than it did Jones, because there was at least as much reason to regard her as having committed sexual assault as to think he did. But Amherst ignored the former, leading the judge to conclude that “a court can infer gender-based discrimination may have played a role in the College's responses.”
Although several elements of Doe's complaint did not survive Amherst's motion to dismiss, that's irrelevant. What matters is that his central claims did and now the school can either settle or face trial. Compensating Doe for the harm it has done to his reputation after falsely branding him as a sexual predator will most likely prove to be very expensive. Amherst supporters might reconsider their giving plans.
College officials should note this ruling well: You probably have a legal obligation to treat all students accused of wrongful behavior with fairness. The Obama-era rules, weighted against due process, no longer apply.
The Orchestre de l'Alliance, under the baton of Pejman Memarzadeh, performed at Vahdat Hall in Tehran earlier this week. Other performances are scheduled in the Iranian cities of Isfahan, Kerman and Shiraz.
In 1995 Pejman Memarzadeh, conductor and cellist of Iranian origin, founded the Association Les Musiciens de la Prée, with the aim of proposing a humanistic and innovative approach to classical music. In 2000 it became the Orchestre de l'Alliance.
All music related posts on the blog: https://theotheriran.com/tag/music/
Orchestre de l'Alliance rehearsing in Tehran, Iran (2016) – Photo credit: Javad Hadi / Fars News Agency Orchestre de l'Alliance rehearsing in Tehran, Iran (2016) – Photo credit: Javad Hadi / Fars News Agency Orchestre de l'Alliance rehearsing in Tehran, Iran (2016) – Photo credit: Javad Hadi / Fars News Agency Orchestre de l'Alliance rehearsing in Tehran, Iran (2016) – Photo credit: Javad Hadi / Fars News Agency
Sources: Tavoos Online, Wikipedia | Orchestre de l'Alliance, Fars News, Honar Online
Here are several typical UX designer interview questions. You are suggested to read them carefully and make advance preparation if you want to pass your interview successfully.
In addition, please pay special attention that there isn't only one absolutely correct answer to any question. Whatever question you are faced with, you can speak out your point of view combined with the experience from the actual projects you have made before. So let's read the following UX design interview questions and answers.
1. What do you think of interaction design and user experience? What're the differences between the two?
If the interviewer asks you this kind of UX designer interview questions, he/she doesn't intend to test your memory but your understanding of basic concepts. Therefore, you should speak out your own understanding but not cram up the definitions from books.
2. What do you think is the core of interaction design?
Please recall all of your designs and think about the common goals of these jobs you have done.
3. What do you think is the best things you have done in your projects? Are there any considerate or special designs?
Your interviewers can't gain insight into your designs in such a short time, so they want to measure your design capacities through your explanations of one or two design points. You are supposed to elaborate why you designed it in that way, how you came up with the scheme and what your design can bring for users. If you didn't think over these questions when designing, you can't speak out any highlight. But don't worry too much, because in such a short UX design interview, the interviewer does not expect you to come up with a superexcellent masterpiece to change the world; to answer this UX designer interview question, you just need to tell some interesting points after thorough consideration.
4. What do you think is the difference between the Web and the mobile (or any of the platforms you've done)?
Under normal circumstances, the interviewer will ask you the differences between the platforms you have ever done before, or may also ask you to give an analysis on the characteristics of the platforms you haven't done. For example, assuming that you haven't made any PC client before, if you are applying for a PC interaction designer , the interviewer is more likely to mention the relevant topics. It requires that interviewers should sort out the characteristics of several major platforms before the interview. Regardless of which two platforms are going to be compared and whether the differences are great or small, you do not have to look into the details ( you will otherwise waste much time if you take details too seriously), you can divide the differences into several aspects, such as the size of the device, the typical time of use, typical scenes, etc.
5. Aimed at a prototype you've done, the interviewer picks up a point and asks why you designed it this way.
There are roughly two purposes of the interviewer: one is to check whether this prototype is really what you do. Another purpose is to know your design ideas. What you should do is to clearly express your design ideas. If you encountered some difficulties during the design process, you can also talk about how you overcome these difficulties.
6. Is there a book, or an article, the views of which you do not agree with?
This UX designer interview question is aimed at examining the depth of your reading and the ability to think independently. When reading a book and an article, if you don't think thoroughly with a doubt and critical vision and practice it by yourself, it is difficult to find some unreasonable places or omissions of the article.
7. What do you think is the disadvantage of our product? How do you think should it be improved?
If you are interviewed for an interactive designer of a specific product, then the probability of the problem being mentioned is quite high.
For example, if you are going to be interviewed for an interactive designer of a news client iOS platform, you are supposed to install, use and study the product before the interview. You can write down the advantages and disadvantages of this product. Think about what you think are the weaknesses and how it should be improved.
If you're going to be interviewed for a particular department but not for a specific product. You can also prepare for this topic and study and summarize one or two products you are interested in, so as to show your product thinking and express your attention to this product. In this way, if you are employed, the leadership is very likely to let you participate in the development of this product.
8. What do you do when you disagree with the product manager?
This UX designer interview question is aimed at examining your communication skills and attitude toward work.
Please focus on how you understand your colleagues, how to insist on what you think is the right things, and finally how to deal with the problem from the overall situation.
9. How do you persuade yourself when you are disagreeing with the visual designer?
This UX designer interview question is to examine your communication skills. Please focus on how you understand your colleagues and how to communicate with colleagues on this issue.
10. What is your usual workflow? What do you do specifically?
Through this UX designer interview question, the interviewer wants to use your answer to infer whether you know exactly what you should do.
11. What do you think of yourself? What do you think of your strengths and weaknesses?
Through this UX designer interview question, the interviewer wants to know whether your characters match the team culture.
12. Do you have any question to ask me?
Examination and interview are very different. An examination is a one-way choice, and an interview is a two-way choice; an interview is a process of mutual understanding.
Therefore, in this section if your interviewer asks you an UX designer interview question like this, you can ask the interviewer any topic you care about, and then think over whether you really want to join in this team.
Read More:
COLUMBUS, Ohio — A bill aimed at expanding the scope of work that physician assistants can do suddenly is at the center of a heated battle over birth control.
A last-minute amendment from State Rep. Lynn Wachtmann, chairman of the House Health and Aging Committee, bans physician assistants from inserting or removing intrauterine devices, or IUDs, a common form of birth control. Currently, they are allowed to do so.
Slipped into the bill minutes before the committee approved the bill on a party-line vote, the chairman's amendment was not the subject of any testimony during the half-dozen hearings on the legislation. Wachtmann told The Plain Dealer he included the provision because of his belief that a fertilized egg is a human life. IUDs prevent pregnancies by not allowing fertilized eggs to implant in the uterus.
"I'm pro-life and I don't want to encourage any medical professionals including PAs to be able to do that," the Napoleon Republican said after the vote.
House Democrats on the committee were angered by Wachtmann's move.
"This is a glaring example of ideology being inserted into legislation where it has no place," said Rep. Nickie Antonio of Lakewood. "The focus of this bill was about expanding the scope of physician assistants and allowing them to better help their patients, and now it's being used to restrict women's rights to health care."
Antonio offered an amendment to gut Wachtmann's provision, but it failed on a party-line vote.
A Columbus Democrat, Rep. John Carney, argued that Wachtmann was asking members to approve something with no justification.
"It doesn't seem like it's in the best interest of this committee to vote blindly on an amendment where we have received no testimony from physicians," he said. "I don't understand why we are voting on this."
Wachtmann told Democrats on the committee that it was simply "a matter of public policy" for lawmakers to decide.
The latest skirmish comes during one of the more active anti-abortion sessions of the Ohio legislature in recent memory. Already during this session, House lawmakers have voted to ban abortions when a fetal heartbeat can be detected and made it tougher for minors to get a judge's permission to get an abortion without parental consent. The so-called "heartbeat" bill, which has stalled in the Ohio Senate, is one of the nation's most restrictive anti-abortion measures.
"It's a systematic and total attack on women's reproductive rights," said Kellie Copeland, executive director of NARAL Pro-Choice Ohio. "It's not their job -- they should be doing what they were elected to do, which is creating jobs and fixing the economy."
The bill now moves to the full House.
Mike Dittoe, a spokesman for GOP House Speaker William G. Batchelder of Medina, said in an email that he didn't know whether the bill would be scheduled for a vote.
There is far more to the life of Charles Manson than anyone could have imagined. Much of what has previously been believed isn't true. Manson lied about almost everything in his background, and there is also much more to the nights of the notorious Tate and LaBianca murders than has ever been revealed. For almost three years I followed Charles Manson's path, from a small West Virginia factory town across America to the fabled mansions of Los Angeles, and all along the way I found new sources of critical information - including Manson's sister and cousin, prison cellmates, musicians and street preachers and free clinic doctors and even the court bailiffs chained to Manson during the trial made famous in Helter Skelter.
The Manson who emerges in this new book is anything but a bloodthirsty lunatic. Instead, Manson is revealed as a gifted, calculating psychopath who used everyone he encountered for his own evil ends, Amazingly, the same traits Manson exhibited on two terrible nights in August 1969 were on full display even as a first grader: Six-year-old Charlie conned girls in his class into beating up a boy he didn't like, and afterward claimed that the girls were doing what they wanted to - he wasn't to blame.
Manson's story is also the tale of the late 1960s in America, a time of tremendous cultural confusion and social chaos. In Manson: The Life and Times of Charles Manson, his life plays out against the backdrop of race riots, war protest marches, and the evolution of rock music into the shaper rather than the reflection of youth. Manson's goal in life was to become more famous than the Beatles, and when his dream was thwarted by music industry giants who found his talent lacking, he was determined to wreak revenge. That homicidal urge was exacerbated by Manson's fear of Black Panther reprisal after a drug deal gone wrong, and his preaching to his followers about a looming, apocalyptic race war that would result in Manson and his followers ruling the world.
There's new information on virtually every page; The real story of Charles Manson's life a is even more fascinating than the mythology.
Earlier this year Splash Damage character artist Jon Fletcher crafted a magnificently twisted take on Mario for Polycount's Brawl contest. Now he gives us his twisted take on Mario's lanky brother and a splash screen for a game we'll never play but desperately want to.
With a full 3D model of large and in charge Mario in place, Fletcher set about giving the portly plumber someone to play with. Enter Luigi, long, lean, and ready to get down to business with his half-unzipped fly and ghost-busting vacuum cleaner strapped to his back. Together the dynamic duo is ready to take down the evil forces of Bowser Petroleum once and for all.
I'll be playing this in my dreams tonight, Mr. Fletcher. While our readers busy themselves visiting the Polycount link below to see how your work progressed over the past months, I'll be desperately trying to move Mario's massive ass through a tiny sewer pipe, while Luigi sits in the corner and cries.
Luigi W.I.P. [Polycount — Thanks, TJ!]
You can contact Michael Fahey, the author of this post, at fahey@kotaku.com. You can also find him on Twitter, Facebook, and lurking around our #tips page.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
AURORA, Colo. -- A tow truck driver ended up having to call for a tow after getting stuck in Cherry Creek Reservoir.
The tow truck was being used to launch a boat at the west boat ramp.
It lost traction because of algae on the boat ramp and slid backwards into the water, according to South Metro Fire Rescue. The truck was almost entirely submerged.
A dive team was sent into the water to hook cables from one tow truck to the other.
South Metro Firefighter / Diver entering the water now. pic.twitter.com/b9FHKouxRP — SouthMetroFireRescue (@SouthMetroPIO) August 21, 2016
The truck was stuck in the ground material, however, so divers had to put an airbag under the truck to lift it up, officials said.
First attempt at pulling the truck out was unsuccessful. Taking another airbag under and reattaching a tow cable. pic.twitter.com/lR6FDLqhuO — SouthMetroFireRescue (@SouthMetroPIO) August 21, 2016
Crews got the truck out of the reservoir at about 4 p.m.
The truck has been recovered from Cherry Creek Reservoir. No injuries and South Metro Firefighters are picking up. pic.twitter.com/5PY2CYq7d1 — SouthMetroFireRescue (@SouthMetroPIO) August 21, 2016
No one was hurt in the accident or the recovery operation, SMFR confirmed.
Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin is done playing the good wife to Anthony Weiner, announcing Monday she is leaving the serially sexting ex-congressman after he was accused of sending raunchy photos and messages to yet another woman.
Abedin, who as vice chair of Clinton's campaign is destined for big things if the Democrat is elected president, stayed with Weiner after a sexting scandal led him to resign from Congress in 2011 and after a new outbreak of online misbehavior wrecked his bid for New York mayor in 2013. She didn't leave even when a recent documentary blew up tense moments in their marriage to big-screen proportions.
But on Monday, she effectively declared she had had enough.
Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin said Monday that she is leaving her husband, Anthony Weiner, after the former New York congressman was accused in yet another sexting scandal. Aug. 29, 2016. (CBS Miami) Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin said Monday that she is leaving her husband, Anthony Weiner, after the former New York congressman was accused in yet another sexting scandal. Aug. 29, 2016. (CBS Miami) SEE MORE VIDEOS
"After long and painful consideration and work on my marriage, I have made the decision to separate from my husband," she said in a statement issued by the campaign. "Anthony and I remain devoted to doing what is best for our son, who is the light of our life."
The New York Post published photos late Sunday that it said Weiner had sent last year to a woman identified only as a "40-something divorcee" who lives in the West and supports Republican Donald Trump. The photos included two close-ups of Weiner's bulging underpants.
In one of the pictures, Weiner is lying on a bed with his toddler son while texting the woman, according to the Post. The tabloid also ran sexually suggestive messages that it said the two exchanged.
Weiner told the Post that he and the woman "have been friends for some time."
"She has asked me not to comment except to say that our conversations were private, often included pictures of her nieces and nephews and my son and were always appropriate," the 51-year-old Democrat told the newspaper.
Weiner didn't return a call, text or email from The Associated Press. He deleted his Twitter account Monday.
The Post didn't say how it obtained the photographs and messages.
Abedin, 41, is a longtime Clinton aide and confidante who is often referred to as the candidate's second daughter.
Charles Dharapak / AP Then-New York Rep. Anthony Weiner and his wife, Huma Abedin, an aide to then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, are pictured in 2011. Then-New York Rep. Anthony Weiner and his wife, Huma Abedin, an aide to then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, are pictured in 2011. (Charles Dharapak / AP) (Charles Dharapak / AP)
Trump immediately seized on the aide's marital split to accuse Clinton of "bad judgment." He suggested that Weiner might have compromised national security, but offered no evidence to support the allegation.
"I only worry for the country in that Hillary Clinton was careless and negligent in allowing Weiner to have such close proximity to highly classified information," Trump said in a statement. "Who knows what he learned and who he told?"
Abedin has been under scrutiny during the probe into Clinton's use of a private email server while she was secretary of state. Federal prosecutors declined to file charges in the investigation, but FBI Director James Comey said Clinton and her aides had been "extremely careless" in their handling of classified information.
Abedin began working for the former first lady as a White House intern and became a trusted aide as Clinton won a seat in the Senate representing New York in 2000, ran for president in 2008 and served as President Barack Obama's secretary of state. Former President Bill Clinton officiated when Abedin and Weiner married in 2010.
The marriage would provide years of fodder for political commentators, armchair psychologists and spouses all over America who wondered: How could she stay with him?
Abedin was pregnant with the couple's son, Jordan, when a photo of a man's bulging underpants appeared on Weiner's Twitter account in 2011. After initially claiming his account was hacked, Weiner acknowledged inappropriate online communication with several women.
Two years later, Abedin was all in for her husband's mayoral bid, raising money, appearing on the campaign trail and participating in interviews in which the couple talked about rebuilding their trust and marriage. Then a new series of sexually explicit pictures and messages emerged, and Weiner was forced to acknowledge he kept sexting after he had resigned from Congress.
Still, Abedin said, "I love him, I have forgiven him, I believe in him, and ... we are moving forward."
Voters weren't ready to forgive, however. Weiner lost the Democratic primary.
Weiner has since remained in the public eye, commenting on politics on cable news shows. "Weiner," the documentary offering a cringe-inducing inside view of his mayoral campaign and its unraveling, played in theaters earlier this year and is set to air on Showtime this fall.
He recently refused to answer when asked whether he was still sexting, telling The New York Times Magazine in an interview published Aug. 16: "I'm not going to go down the path of talking about any of that."
Some psychology experts, while cautioning they haven't treated him, suggested his behavior smacks of extreme impulsiveness, compulsion or addiction.
"Impulsivity is something that a lot of people really struggle with," said Jeannette Stern, a New York therapist. While there are various approaches people can try to change such behavior, she noted, "they have to really be willing to stop."
Associated Press
The tectonic plates beneath the US-Israel co-dependent relationship have begun to shift in the last few years. One obvious reason is that the traditional notion of the US trying to broker a two-state solution in Israel/Palestine has now become a target of deserved ridicule. I've begun to find myself halting even to use the words “peace process” to describe Israel's relentless de facto annexation of the West Bank. It seems increasingly like an abuse of the English language and a fiction that no honest observer can really attest to as reality.
From George W. Bush's “road map” onward, the Israeli government has played the US to the point of absurdity. It first waged a brutal air war on Gaza with impunity. Then it resumed its aggressive and relentless expansion of colonial settlements and settlers on the West Bank. Netanyahu has recently shown he'd rather release murderous terrorists from jail than give up an inch of Greater Israel. The Israeli public has no interest or belief in compromise, as the hard right strengthens its grip on the country's politics and as the settler faction maintains a stranglehold on the central government. The Israeli economy can continue to flourish even as the the Arab subjects of Greater Israel remain mired in a vast de facto holding pattern, without dignity, without a vote, without any leverage in any peace process. They are behind the wall, and kept in fences. And this is perfectly sustainable for the indefinite future with enough force of arms and economic growth, as the indispensable Roger Cohen recently argued.
The Kerry initiative – his frenetic, relentless attempt to make some progress – reveals merely, I'm afraid, that there is no progress to be made. The entire trajectory of Israel's founding to today, as John Judis has ably demonstrated, has been the continuous resolution to create a Jewish state all across Palestine, and to slowly punish and immiserate any Palestinians caught on the wrong side of the line, in the hope that they will leave. It would be great to believe that this were not so, but that would require wiping the last decade from our collective memory. I used to believe that Israel was desperate for peace and that the main sticking point was Palestinian intransigence. You could plausibly have held that view a decade and a half ago, but surely not any more.
Palestinians on the West Bank remain as they long have been, kept in tightly controlled areas with checkpoints in between, denied the right to vote for the government that controls their every move, and subject to financial and economic leverage from the Israeli state. Meanwhile, privileged Jewish settlers are given incentives to colonize the Palestinian land, and Israel barrels ahead to make sure no part of Jerusalem could ever be the capital of Palestine. I don't know of any US ally that behaves this way. I don't know of any ally that keeps whole populations under its control without a right to vote, and does so on ethnic and religious lines. The last one that did so was South Africa.
If we are talking definitions of words, this is of relevance:
According to the 1998 Rome Statute, the “crime of apartheid” is defined as “inhumane acts… committed in the context of an institutionalized regime of systematic oppression and domination by one racial group over any other racial group or groups and committed with the intention of maintaining that regime.”
How does that not describe the West Bank and Gaza? It may offend some to think of the Jewish state as increasingly as the old South African one. But that, alas, is solely because the the hopes of the past still occlude the ugly reality of the present. It seems to me important that if the United States has no real power to change that brutal unending reality, it can at least call it what it is.
(Photo: Alex Wong/Getty)
iStockphoto.com
(CBS News) A new study finds that men prefer heavier women when under stress.
"This suggests that our body size preferences are not innate, but are flexible," said study co-author Martin Tovée, a neuroscientist at Newcastle University in the U.K., told TIME.
For the study, which was published in PLoS ONE on August 8, researchers looked at 81 white males between the ages of 18 to 42. About half of the group was asked to act like they were in a job interview, and were asked to speak in a microphone and countdown by 13 from 1022, as correctly and as quickly as possible in order to mimic a stressful situation.
Twenty minutes later - in order to correspond to peak response - the men were asked to rank their preferences for female body size using 10 photographs which represented a range of BMIs, from underweight to obese. Each man had to rate the attractiveness of the image on a scale of one to nine - nine being the most attractive - and were asked to pick which image they found the most physically appealing. Then they were asked to rate the largest figure they liked and the thinnest body they liked.
Subjects in the control group quietly waited in a separate room during the interview portion of the experiment, and only were asked to rank the photographs.
The stressed men ranked the heavier women slightly higher in terms of attractiveness. Men who were in the non-stressed group found women who were underweight the most attractive, while men in the stressed group found women who were between underweight and normal weight the most appealing. The researchers also found that the stressed men had a wider range of body sizes that they found attractive. The largest size that was appealing was in the overweight range for the stressed men, while the largest size for the non-stressed men stayed within the normal-weight range.
Researchers say that the study shows that environmental factors may play a role in what people perceive as attractive. For example, when resources are scarce, people find a partner with a heavier body more appealing because they are more fit for their surroundings.
"If you follow people moving from low-resource areas to higher resource-areas, you find their preferences shift over the course of about 18 months. In evolutionary psychology terms, you try to fit your preferences to what works best in a particular environment," Tovee said to the BBC.
However, Steve Gangestad, a professor of psychology at the University of New Mexico, who was not involved with the study, proposed to HealthDay that the stressful situation might have lowered the subject's "social self-esteem."
"Perhaps, then, this is the reason men in that condition were less rejecting of body types that, given Western norms, are generally less preferred," he explained.
The researchers caution that the study does not show if stress affects how women perceive men or how stressed the 41 men really were. Still, they find the subject intriguing because body image issues are so prevalent, and they believe it is important to understand how outside influences can change people's mentality about attractiveness.
"Tovee told HealthDay, "It is also important to understand how stressful changing environmental conditions - such as rapid industrialization in the developing world - may alter peoples' body shape preferences and ideals and the health implications for these changes."
A NEW conflict in Gaza is likely unless Israel lifts its blockade on the Palestinian enclave, a senior UN aid official has warned.
James Rawley, the chief UN humanitarian official for the Palestinian territories, said that the international community had failed during more than a month of fighting between Israel and Hamas, which has killed nearly 2000 Palestinians and 67 people on the Israeli side.
Speaking as a new three day ceasefire began in the Gaza strip, Mr Rawley called for the Palestinians to be allowed to trade freely with the outside world again.
Read Next
“The blockade must be lifted not only to get material into Gaza in order to rebuild it but to allow Gaza to do what it was doing very well just 10 years ago, to trade with the outside world,” he said.
Mr Rawley said Israel's legitimate security concerns must be addressed but warned that unless the blockade was ended, another round of fighting was “likely”.
“Not only will we see very little in the way of reconstruction, but I am afraid that the conditions are in place for us to have another round of violence like we're seeing now,” he said.
“It (another conflict) would be likely... it doesn't make me feel good to say that.”
The latest ceasefire, announced on Sunday, has cleared the way for the resumption of talks on a long-term truce to end a month of heavy fighting in the Gaza strip that has taken over 1,930 Palestinian lives.
It marked the second time in less than a week that the bitter enemies had agreed to Egyptian mediation. A similar three-day truce last week collapsed in renewed violence over the weekend.
In Cairo, the Egyptian Foreign Ministry said the truce scheduled to take effect at midnight would allow humanitarian aid into battered Gaza neighbourhoods and the reopening of indirect talks on a more lasting and comprehensive deal.
Hamas is seeking an end to the Israeli-Egyptian blockade against Gaza, while Israel wants Hamas to dismantle its formidable arsenal of rockets and other weapons.
Palestinian negotiators accepted the proposal early on Sunday after meeting with Egyptian officials throughout the weekend. Israeli officials concurred later. Both delegations are back in Cairo.
Qais Abdelkarim, a member of the Palestinian delegation, said indirect talks with the Israelis would begin Monday “with the hope of reaching a lasting ceasefire.” The goal, he added, was to end the blockade, which he called “the reason for the war.”
The recent fighting has been the heaviest between Israel and Hamas since Hamas took control of Gaza in 2007. More than 1900 Palestinians have been killed, including hundreds of civilians. On the Israeli side, 67 people have been killed, including three civilians. Nearly 10,000 people have been wounded and thousands of homes destroyed.
The fighting ended in a three-day ceasefire last Tuesday. Egypt had hoped to use that truce to mediate a long-term deal. But when it expired, militants resumed their rocket fire, sparking Israeli reprisals. The violence continued throughout the weekend, including a burst of fighting late Sunday ahead of the expected ceasefire.
The Israeli military reported some 30 rocket attacks from Gaza on Sunday. Palestinian medical officials said seven people were killed in Israeli air strikes, including the bodyguard of a Hamas leader, the medical officials said.
Israel had walked away from ceasefire talks over the weekend. “Israel will not negotiate under fire,” Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said earlier Sunday, warning that his country's military campaign “will take time.”
Last week's talks failed in part because Israel rejected Hamas' demand for a complete end to the blockade. Israel says the closure is necessary to prevent arms smuggling, and officials do not want to make any concessions that would allow Hamas to declare victory.
A senior Palestinian negotiator acknowledged that the Palestinians would make more modest demands this time around. He said they will seek an end to the bloodshed in Gaza and an easing — but not an end — to the blockade.
“We might not get everything we want, particularly on freedom of movement. But we believe the Israelis and the world have gotten the point that Gazans should live normally and things should be much better than today,” the negotiator said, speaking on condition of anonymity because he was discussing internal Palestinian deliberations.
Israel says Hamas must disarm. Hamas has said handing over its arsenal, which is believed to include several thousand remaining rockets, is out of the question.
The blockade has greatly limited the movement of Palestinians in and out of the impoverished territory of 1.8 million people for jobs and schooling. It has also limited the flow of goods into Gaza and blocked virtually all exports.
An Egyptian crackdown on smuggling tunnels along Gaza's southern border has made things even tougher by robbing Hamas of its key economic pipeline and weapons conduit. Gaza's unemployment rate surpasses 50 per cent, and Hamas is unable to pay the salaries of tens of thousands of workers.
An easing of the blockade would mean an increased role for Western-backed Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, whose forces were ousted by Hamas seven years ago. Officials said the rival Palestinian factions were already exploring options that would give Abbas, who now governs in the West Bank, a foothold in Gaza, including the likely control of its border crossing with Egypt.
At a minimum, Israel will want guarantees that the rocket fire will stop. A 2012 ceasefire promised an easing of the blockade but was never implemented — in part because of sporadic rocket attacks by various armed factions in Gaza.
Israeli Justice Minister Tzipi Livni said Hamas could get the blockade lifted by accepting longstanding international demands to renounce violence and recognise Israel's right to exist.
“They want to get legitimacy as a terrorist organisation without accepting the requirements of the international community,” she told a news conference.
In the West Bank, Palestinian health officials said an 11-year-old boy was shot and killed Sunday by Israeli forces in a refugee camp near the city of Hebron.
Witnesses and relatives of the boy said Israeli security forces opened fire at Palestinian stone-throwers. They said the boy was standing on the road in front of his home at the time.
The military said its forces encountered a “violent riot” and opened fire. It acknowledged that the boy was killed in the violence and said it was investigating.
The current Gaza war escalated from the abduction and killing of three Israeli teens in the West Bank in June. Israel blamed the killings on Hamas and launched a massive arrest campaign, rounding up hundreds of its members in the West Bank. Hamas and other militants unleashed rocket fire from Gaza.
already mentioned Intel's one-chip Haswell platform on several occasions, but we have managed to get a few extra details about this chip. As we have stated many times before 1 chip Haswell has BGA packaging packed with SoC that integrates a Haswell CPU as well as Lynx Point LP PCH chipset inside.
The SoC packaging leads to lower production costs, power footprint and lower TDP, everything that you need in order to drive the SoC price down. We remembered Dave Orton, the former CEO of a company acquired by AMD that went by the name of ATI, explaining the importance of APUs and SoCs. The explanation is rather simple, the more you integrate the cheaper the chip ends up, the fewer pins you have and theoretically you can make more money. This conversation happened in the summer of 2007, roughly a year after AMD acquired ATI and announced its plans to produce Fusion APUs.
Since the top ARM chips such as Qualcomm Snapdragon 800 / 600 and Tegra 4 have multiple cores, chipset elements and graphics all on the same package, it was only natural for Intel to take the same approach with Haswell. Qualcomm, Nvidia and Intel are after the same market, tablets, notebooks, convertibles with a slight advantage that Intel has X86 and the other two don't.
Let's not forget that Haswell 1- chip is much bigger than any ARM based top performers, but at the same time Haswell brings a lot more performance. Despite billions of transistors and 22nm SoC design tablets and Ultrabooks based on 1-chip Haswell or Haswell-ULT how some call it, you can expect 8- to 10-hour battery from products based on this Y processor line chips. This is a respectable score for PC like performance and having a scenario design power (SDP) typical expected TDP at 7.5W these products come close to the top ARM performers that have 5+W TDP.
Intel stresses that these chips won't simply land in tablets and Ultrabooks. It plans to use them in detachable, foldable and similar designs usually represented as the result of an unholy coupling between a notebook and a tablet.
The bad thing is that Y line of tablet, Ultrabook, de-attachable, switchable SoC Haswell chips only comes in Q4 2013 so we are in for a pretty long wait.
Chronology Edit
The history of Spiro is typically divided into archaeological phases: Evans Phase (900–1050 CE)
Harlan Phase (1050–1250 CE)
Norman Phase (1250–1350 CE)
Spiro phase (1350–1450 CE)[5] Residential construction at Spiro decreased dramatically around 1250, and people settled in nearby villages, such as the Choates-Holt Site to the north. Spiro was used as a ceremonial and mortuary center through 1450.[6] The mound area was abandoned about 1450, although nearby communities persisted until 1600.[4] The cultures following in the wake of Spiro were less complex and hierarchical.[7]
Mounds and plaza area Edit
A reconstructed house. Grass-thatched roofs were typical of the later, historic Wichita and Caddo, but their houses were round with high-pitched roofs. Mississippian culture spread along the lower Mississippi River and its tributaries between the 9th and 16th centuries. The largest Mississippian settlement was Cahokia, the capital of a major chiefdom that built a six-mile-square city east of what is now St. Louis, Missouri in present-day Southern Illinois. Mississippian culture ranged from the Great Lakes to the Gulf Coast, and along the Ohio River and into both the lowland and mountain areas of the Southeast. Mississippian settlements were known for their large platform earthwork mounds (usually truncated pyramids) surmounted by temples, the houses of warrior kings and priests, and the burial houses of the elite. The mounds were arranged around large, flat plazas believed to be used for ceremonial community gathering and ritual games. Archaeological research has shown that Mississippian settlements such as Cahokia and Spiro took part in a vast trading network that covered the eastern half of what is now the U.S. and parts of what is now the Western U.S. as well. The Spiro site includes twelve earthen mounds and 150 acres of land.[4] As in other Mississippian-culture towns, the people built a number of large, complex earthworks. These included mounds surrounding a large, planned and leveled central plaza, where important religious rituals, the politically and culturally significant game of chunkey, and other important community activities were carried out. The population lived in a village that bordered the plaza. In addition, archaeologists have found more than twenty related village sites within five miles of the main town. Other village sites linked to Spiro through culture and trade have been found up to 100 miles (160 km) away. Spiro has been the site of human activity for at least 8000 years. It was a major Mississippian settlement from 800 to 1450.[4] The cultivation of maize allowed accumulation of crop surpluses and the gathering of more dense populations. It was the headquarters town of a regional chiefdom, whose powerful leaders directed the building of eleven platform mounds and one burial mound in an 80-acre (0.32 km2) area on the south bank of the Arkansas River. The heart of the site is a group of nine mounds surrounding an oval plaza. These mounds were the bases of the homes of important leaders or formed the foundations for religious structures that focused the attention of the community. Brown Mound, the largest platform mound, is located on the eastern side of the plaza. It had an earthen ramp that gave access to the summit from the north side. Here, atop Brown Mound and the other mounds, the town's inhabitants carried out complex rituals, centered especially on the deaths and burials of Spiro's powerful rulers. Archaeologists have shown that Spiro had a large resident population until about 1250. After that, most of the population moved to other towns nearby. Spiro continued to be used as a regional ceremonial center and burial ground until about 1450. Its ceremonial and mortuary functions continued and seem to have increased after the main population moved away.
The Great Mortuary Edit
Southeastern Ceremonial Complex Edit
Mississippian iconography Edit
Caddoan Mississippians Edit
See also Edit
References Edit
Further reading Edit
Science fiction is part of mainstream culture now: movies franchises like Star Wars and television shows have attracted millions of followers. This is a very different environment from that of the earlier days of science fiction, when the genre was largely confined to dedicated fans reading every magazine and novel they could get their hands on. The transition from niche group to mainstream attraction didn't happen overnight: there were early starting points that began to tip science-fiction into the popular consciousness. One such point was Pierre Boulle's 1963 novel, La planète des singes, better known as Planet of the Apes.
Boulle was born 1912 in Avignon, France. He trained as an engineer, and in 1936, he travelled to Malaysis to work on a rubber plantation. With the outbreak of World War II, he was called into service. When Indochina fell, he fled to Singapore, where he joined the Free French Mission. He was captured in 1943 and sentenced to a life of hard labor. In 1944, he escaped, making contact with British forces and then serving out the rest of the war in Calcutta as a Special Forces soldier.
At the end of the war, Boulle returned to Paris and began to write, publishing William Conrad in 1950 and Le sacrilège malais in 1951. However, it was his third book, Le Pont de la rivière Kwaï, which brought him to the world's attention. Published in 1952, the book drew heavily on his experiences during World War II. The novel was later translated as The Bridge on the River Kwai and turned into a movie in 1956, sta rring Alec Guinness. The movie went on to win an Oscar for Best Picture, Best Actor, and Best Screenplay.
Boulle penned several other novels in the following years, but it was his 1963 novel La planète des singes that brought him into the realm of science fiction. The novel was translated into English by Xan Fielding in 1964 as Monkey Planet, and later as The Planet of the Apes. The novel was a satirical science-fiction adventure in which a team of astronauts is sent out into space, where they come across an Earthlike planet orbiting Betelgeuse. There, they find that the planet is inhabited by intelligent, advanced apes, who take them prisoner. Humans on this planet are treated like cattle, but they slowly convince their captors that they are intelligent. They're given freedom, and learn that there was once an ancient city on the planet that proved that humans had at one point been intelligent.
Continue reading >
Later, they escape from the planet and return home, only to find that Earth has followed a similar path: apes have overtaken humans here as well. The book is revealed at the end to have been a recounted story that a pair of apes come across, and they believe it to be a fantasy.
The Encyclopedia of Science Fiction described the book as "a witty, philosophical tale à la Voltaire, full of irony and compassion," and the novel quickly became a popular one. Prior to the novel's release, Boulle sold the rights to Arthur P. Jacobs, known for movies such as Doctor Doolittle, to adapt the book into a movie, and he brought the project to 20th Century Fox. The studio brought Rod Sterling, known for The Twilight Zone, onboard to pen the first screenplay for the movie. Ultimately, his draft was rejected because of the expense, and the studio scaled the film down. The end result kept parts of the original screenplay but veered away from the book significantly: rather than taking place on another planet, it takes place on a future Earth, which is revealed when lead star Charlton Heston discovers the Statue of Liberty.
The Planet of the Apes, directed by Franklin J. Schaffner was released on February 8, 1968, and quickly became one of the most popular movies of the year, grossing over $30 million on a $5 million budget. The film was highly praised from critics, and quickly became one of the largest science-fiction movie franchises of the 1960s.
Following the massive success of Planet of the Apes, the studio approached Boulle to draft up a sequel to his work, along with Rod Sterling. Both efforts, however, were later rejected. A new film progressed forward, however, and Beneath the Planet of the Apes was released in 1970. Further sequels followed yearly: in 1971, Escape from the Planet of the Apes appeared in th eaters, followed by Conquest of the Planet of the Apes in 1972 and Battle for the Planet of the Apes in 1973. The latter two films imagined the rise of the planet seen in the first movie. A television show followed in 1974, and another in 1975, before the franchise largely ended. Follow-up novelizations of the other films involved other authors like Michael Avallone, Jerry Pournelle, John Jakes, and David Gerrold, in an early sort of expanded universe, in which multiple authors worked on a shared project and universe. Boulle remained in touch with the production of the movies, consulting on various story elements.
Beyond his more famous science-fiction creation, Boulle retained some science-fiction elements in his later stories: his 1966 novel Gardens on the Moon, which follows a fictional space race, is but one example. However, his name is indistinguishable from the franchise that he helped create. Planet of the Apes is notable because it was one of the most successful examples of science-fiction cinema up until the release of Star Wars in 1977. The movie franchise helps to mark the 1960s as a point when science fiction as a distinct genre began to reach mainstream audiences: before this time, genre stories largely existed in magazines and novels. By the end of the 1960s, this was changing: shows such as Star Trek and franchises such as Planet of the Apes were introducing larger audiences to genre stories. As cinema and viewing habits changed, science fiction became only more and more popular with audiences.
Boulle's creation has continued to last to the present day: In 2001, director Tim Burton helmed a reboot of Planet of the Apes, which was largely a critical and commercial failure. But more recently, new remakes of the series, Rise of the Planet of the Apes (directed by Rupert Wyatt in 2011) and Dawn of the Planet of the Apes (directed by Matt Reaves in 2014), have found major success. A third sequel is currently in planning stages.
Andrew Liptak is a freelance writer and historian from Vermont. He can be found online at his site and on Twitter @andrewliptak.
The effect violent video games have on real-world behavior has long been a hotly debated topic. Some argue there is assuredly a link between playing violent video games and increased levels of aggressive behavior, while others maintain that games themselves don't cause violence, but are rather one prominent risk factor for violent real-world behavior. Now, another study has been published, this one claiming that there is no evidence to support the notion that violent video games lead to increases in real-world violent crimes.
The study, Violent Video Games and Real-World Violence: Rhetoric Versus Data, was conducted by researchers at Villanova University and Rutgers University, and was published recently in the Psychology of Popular Media Culture. Through four unique data analyses, the researchers looked at how popular video game trends, like annual and monthly video game sales, as well as Google Trends keyword search volume, compared to real-world crime rates.
"Finding that a young man who committed a violent crime also played a popular video game, such as Call of Duty, Halo, or Grand Theft Auto, is as pointless as pointing out that the criminal also wore socks"
What the researchers found surprised them. If it's true what some researchers are saying, that playing violent video games might lead to increases in real-world violence, you would expect this new study to bear that out. But it was not the case. In fact, the research showed that there is no evidence that violent video games are positively correlated to real-world crime rates in the United States.
Need the short version? The research is summed up thusly:
"Annual trends in video game sales for the past 33 years were unrelated to violent crime both concurrently and up to four years later. Unexpectedly, monthly sales of video games were related to concurrent decreases in aggravated assaults and were unrelated to homicides. Searches for violent video game walkthroughs and guides were also related to decreases in aggravated assaults and homicides two months later. Finally, homicides tended to decrease in the months following the release of popular M-rated violent video games."
"Finding that a young man who committed a violent crime also played a popular video game, such as Call of Duty, Halo, or Grand Theft Auto, is as pointless as pointing out that the criminal also wore socks."
It's a fascinating finding, even if it does have some limitations (like most major studies). I recently had the chance to speak with one of its authors, Patrick Markey, an associate professor of psychology at Villanova. You can read the study for yourself here, and see my full conversation with Markey below.
What inspired you to launch into this research in the first place?
Many people in the media and even my fellow researchers have linked violent video games and other forms of media to real acts of horrific violence. For example, in testimony before the U.S. Senate Dr. Craig Anderson argued that '... high exposure to media violence is a major contributing cause of the high rate of violence in modern U.S. society.' More recently, in the pages of Pediatrics Dr. Strasburger claimed that '.. an estimated 10% to 30% of violence in society can be attributed to the impact of media violence.' However, these statements are based on research that has not actually examined serious acts of violence--most previous studies either examined proxy assessments of aggression--giving a person spicy hot sauce, exposing a person to an irritating noise--or self-reports of hostility. We wanted to see whether such findings generalize to homicide and aggravated assault rates.
Your research shows there is no evidence to support a link between violent video games and real-world violent crime in the US--do you think you'd find similar results in other regions?
There is no reason to believe the effects would be any different. However, this is an empirical question and we hope future researchers might consider examining it.
Click on this image to bring up a full-size version
What were some of the most surprising findings of your research?
By far the most surprising finding was that violent video games were negatively related to aggravated assault and homicides. This really surprised me. However, after this discovery we replicated this finding examining violent movies. It turns out, like violent video games, the popularity of violent films is inversely related to violent crime.
It seems to me like a major limitation of this study is that it only accounts for one risk factor for violent behavior--violent video games. What's your response to this?
Obviously correlation does not imply causation so one needs to always be cautious when interpreting ecological data--this same issue applies to whether we are examining links between autism and vaccines or smoking and lung cancer. However, in this study we did not simply look at the relations between violent video games and crime. We also accounted for various trends in the data which might explain this relationship. For example, we eliminated seasonal trends which remove any extraneous results which might have occurred because video game sales tend to be high in the winter and crime tends to be high in the summer. We also removed linear trends which might occur if violent crime is generally going down and video game sales are generally increasing. We also examined various predictors (video game sales, searches for violent video games, release dates of violent video games) both annually and monthly. Even with all these issues considered the same result emerged--violent video games were negatively related to violent crime.
"I think the biggest 'take home' of this study is that violent video games were not related to increases in violent crime--not even a little" -- Professor Markey
Why did you decide to conduct your study using the methods that you did? What other possibilities were considered?
Ecological studies, like this one, are probably the best way to examine events like homicides. Such a--fortunately--rare behavior cannot really be studied in the laboratory.
Some of your results suggest that there is actually a decrease in violent crime in response to violent video games; are you saying here that playing violent games might potentially make the world a safer place?
This is where we need to be careful--otherwise, we run the risk of being sensationalistic. I think the biggest 'take home' of this study is that violent video games were not related to increases in violent crime--not even a little. However, if we assume that violent video games are actually related to decreases in violent crime, we can speculate about why this might have occurred. It is possible that violent media might reduce severe acts of violence because it effectively removes violent individuals from other social venues where they might have otherwise committed a violent act. In other words, violent individuals might attend a movie, watch television, or play a video game instead of engaging in other activities--going to a bar, socializing on the streets---that are more likely to result in a violent altercation.
"There is no evidence that, even in the laboratory, violent video games have a different effect on mundane acts of aggression than other forms of violent media" -- Prof. Markey
Was it difficult for you when conducting this study to separate, as you say, scientific results from scientific conjecture? How did you overcome that?
As scientists--and reporters--we need to use caution when generalizing results from laboratories and questionnaires to things like violent crime rates. In a similar manner, restraint is warranted when research collected in university laboratories is used to explain the idiosyncratic behavior of a specific individual--e.g., the Aurora, Colorado shooter, James Holmes. Given that the public, media, and lawmakers tend to be concerned about trends in violent behavior and specific acts of violence, it is understandable why some researchers might be tempted to make sensationalistic claims based only on laboratory and questionnaire research. However, it is important for us, as researchers, to be aware of the tentative nature of such claims and consistently acknowledge these limitations.
Your study is not the first to reach this conclusion, yet video games continue to be singled out as movies, books, and other mediums are often overlooked in the popular discussion on the role violent video games might have on behavior. Why do you think this is?
There is no evidence that, even in the laboratory, violent video games have a different effect on mundane acts of aggression than other forms of violent media--the 'effect sizes' found in studies are similar regardless of the media examined. However, you are correct that violent video games are always the focus. Probably the best explanation for this is what Dr. Chris Ferguson calls a 'Moral Panic.' That is, people who are the leaders of a society often blame things which they do not value for societal ills.
In the wake of the Sandy Hook shooting, many lawmakers proposed new measures against violent video games, though none have really panned out. What effect do you think your research could have on future legislative action?
As a researcher my job is to present the science and let others figure out what should be done with it. My hope is simply that others consider these data whenever a person suggests violent video games are 'a major contributing cause of the high rate of violence in modern U.S. society,' or that 'an estimated 10% to 30% of violence in society can be attributed to the impact of media violence.'
"I do hope results from studies like ours will cause researchers to reevaluate their previously held beliefs about violent video games" -- Prof. Markey
As I understand it, your study was conducted prior to the arrival of the Xbox One and PlayStation 4, new consoles from Microsoft and Sony that offer better graphics than their predecessors. Do you think that as time goes on and games become far more life-like and fully realized, we could see a different trend than the one you observed?
During each new generation of game consoles there has not been a noticeable change in violence. Additionally, research in laboratories has not found that more 'realistic' graphics have bigger effects of even mundane acts of aggression. So it is unlikely the next generation will alter the trends observed in the study.
What are you looking at for further research on this topic?
No idea--maybe your suggestion about looking at different countries.
You have been studying games and violence for a long time now. Over the course of those years, how has your perception of the video game industry shifted?
I don't really have a strong opinion about the game industry itself. They make a product and my job is basically to figure out if that product might be harmful. However, I do hope results from studies like ours will cause researchers to reevaluate their previously held beliefs about violent video games. After all, we all want pretty much the same thing. We want to uncover the 'truth.' We want science, not sensationalism, to inform policies concerning violent video games. We want to protect others from any threats posed by violent video games, but we do not want violent video games to distract from the more important causes of horrific acts of violence.
Analyses featured in this study included data from GameFAQs, which is owned by CBS Interactive, the parent company of GameSpot.
Eddie Makuch is a news editor at GameSpot, and you can follow him on Twitter @EddieMakuch
In October of 1936, as news broke of Franco's rise in Spain, roughly 100,000 demonstrators gathered in the streets of London's predominantly Jewish East End to counterprotest a British Union of Fascists march. The police beat back crowds of mostly Jewish and Irish residents to make way for Oswald Mosley, the British Union of Fascists' leader, who wanted to spread the gospel of fascism to Britain. On Cable Street, fascists and anti-fascists were facing off. Fascists alternated between chanting, “The Yids, the Yids, we are going to get rid of the Yids” and “We want free speech!” In response, anti-fascist demonstrators turned over a truck, mattresses, and furniture to block the road. When police charged at them, they threw boxes of gunpowder. It would become known as the Battle of Cable Street. The result: Oswald Mosley called the march off. Deliberate violence had beaten the fascists back.
For as long as there have been fascists, there has been debate over the way to respond to them. In his new book, Antifa, historian and organizer Mark Bray traces various leftist anti-fascist movements from the 1930s Europe to the “Antifa” movements we see on the streets today. The history of anti-fascism, it seems, is stuck on repeat, with the same arguments over free speech and uncompromising resistance cropping up repeatedly.
Disruption—sometimes violent disruption—has been central to anti-fascist action from the beginning. Many Jewish anti-fascists in Britain argued, “fists can be put to better service than propelling pens.” Communist anti-fascist papers in Germany read, “Hit the fascists wherever you meet them!” and “Wherever a fascist dares to show his face in the quarters of the working class, workers' fists will light his way home. Berlin is red! Berlin is staying red!”
But others were quick to rebuff these tactics. After the Battle of Cable Street, the older Jewish generation argued that the anti-fascists were “copying the Nazi violence which we loathe and detest.” They thought Jews should take the moral high ground and “show the world that the Jew can be as good a citizen as anybody else.” Some political groups issued leaflets arguing for “Dignity, Order, and Discipline.” Rather than facing off with the fascists, those who opposed fascism should attend a rally in support of the Spanish Republic nearby instead, they argued. Fascism could be quashed through legal and electoral means.
One of the reasons the debate over the use of violence against fascism is difficult to resolve is that fascism itself is difficult to define. Bray describes it as “a form of political behavior marked by obsessive preoccupation with community decline, humiliation, or victimhood and by compensatory cults of unity, energy, and purity, in which a mass-based party of committed nationalist militants, working in uneasy but effective collaboration with traditional elites, abandons democratic liberties and pursues with redemptive violence and without ethical or legal restraints goals of internal cleansing and external expansion.”
Fascism, it seems, is more easily identified in retrospect. As Eric A. Johnson and Karl Heinz Reuband explained in their book about Nazism, What We Knew, “far from living in a constant state of fear and discontent, most Germans led happy and even normal lives in Nazi Germany … most tell us that they did not fear being arrested.”
The problem is that you can't resist fascism in retrospect, so the anti-fascist response throughout history has taken as many forms as the fascist forces it opposes. Bray defines anti-fascism as an organizing strategy, not a group of people, “a model of resistance” undergirded by an understanding of fascism's history: “anti-fascists have concluded that since the future is unwritten, and fascism often emerges out of small, marginal groups, every fascist or white-supremacist group should be treated as if they could be Mussolini's one hundred Fasci.” There is no leadership, no spokesperson, no single headquarters. Many disparate groups have ascribed to anti-fascist ideology from the anti-Faschistische Aktion of Weimar Germany, and Comité d'Action anti-Fasciste in France, to the Jewish veterans' Ex-Servicemen's Movement Against Fascism in England.
When anti-fascists in Germany began defacing Nazi flags, the entrenched leadership argued against it on the grounds that it was illegal, “We shall make ourselves ridiculous with all this nonsense,” they said. This defacement — three downward arrows painted over the swastika — would become the anti-fascist flag that is still widely used today.
In the case of pre-WWII Europe, the condoned legal channels proved entirely ineffective in halting the tide of fascism. As Bray explains, “the traditional right thought they could control Hitler by bringing him into government.” While Hitler himself suggested that opposition to the Nazis failed because opponents couldn't understand what the Nazis were actually doing.
Protest has always been inextricably linked to questions of free speech. But as Bray demonstrates, the most effective fascist movements seek to grow their support base by taking on more palatable mantles. Overtly xenophobic messaging doesn't appeal to everyone, but rights discussions are something more people can get behind. (Sound familiar?)
Of course, critics of violent anti-fascism are correct in arguing that violent actions can inspire a backlash that accelerates fascism. As Bray points out, three separate assassination attempts on Mussolini's life “were used to eliminate all non-fascist political parties and journals, thereby inaugurating Mussolini's dictatorship.” (Though it's worth noting that none of these attempts were claimed by anti-fascist groups).
Perhaps no one knows better how to beat fascism than a fascist himself. Looking back on the Nazi rise to power, Hitler suggested that it could have only been stopped if opposition forces “had from the first day annihilated with the utmost brutality the nucleus of our new movement.” There was a window of opportunity for their destruction — and it was early. Like all movements, fascism in Europe during this period began small. In 1919, Mussolini had only 100 supporters. And as Goebbels said, “If the enemy had known how weak we were, it would probably have reduced us to jelly…. It would have crushed in blood the very beginning of our work.”
“To-day we publish a full report of the proceedings in reference to the unfortunate nurse, Miss CAVELL, who was executed by the German authorities in circumstances of cold-blooded cruelty. Universal horror and indignation will be felt and expressed in every country – except, of course, a Teutonic one – when the real facts are known.”
To describe Edith Cavell as an “unfortunate nurse,” as the leader on page 8 which found a new cause to castigate the Germans for, seems to be understating things somewhat. The leader acknowledged that technically she was in the wrong, and wondered, ironically for such an article, whether “all comment is not superfluous” in this case, not that it was holding back – “Nothing, probably, can now brand with fouler infamy the German name, stained as it is by all the damning items in its past record, from Louvain and the Lusitania down to the murder of an English nurse,” and “Our enemy has incurred the disgust and loathing of all honourable and merciful men in Europe and America” for example. Pages 9 and 10, meanwhile, contain the lengthy documentation of the case.
Also in today's paper
- There is disquiet in Italy over the Allies' treatment of Greece, according to E. J. Dillon in Rome, who seems to fear their monarchs leading them over to supporting the Central Powers, whilst the situation in Serbia is reported to be critical – page 9
Acclaimed champion and accused cheat, Lance Armstrong still hasn't distanced himself from all those chasing after him.
The seven-time Tour de France winner who in February saw a two-year federal investigation into his alleged use of performance-enhancing drugs dropped without charges being filed, is back in the spotlight of doping suspicions.
The U.S. Anti-Doping Agency has accused Armstrong and five former members of his support staff — three doctors, a trainer and a team manager — of engaging in a massive doping conspiracy from 1998 to 2011. Armstrong, 40, who retired from cycling last year, could see his Tour titles get stripped as a result.
USADA's letter to Armstrong dated June 12 includes previously unpublicized allegations against him, saying blood samples taken in 2009 and 2010 were "consistent with blood manipulation including EPO use and/or blood transfusions."
Armstrong: Key recent events Allegations of performance-enhancing drug use followed Tour de France champion Lance Armstrong throughout his career and even after. A look at some of the recent developments:
May 2010: Floyd Landis, who won the Tour in 2006 but was stripped of the title for drug use, admits to cheating and accuses Armstrong of doping in a series of emails to sponsors and sports officials. Summer-Fall 2010: Federal investigators call several prominent cyclists and others with Armstrong ties to testify before a Los Angeles-based grand jury probe into pro cycling. Armstrong's lawyers complain about leaks to the media regarding witnesses. November 2010: An American delegation including lead federal investigator Jeff Novitzky, U.S. Anti-Doping Agency CEO Travis Tygart, and prosecutor Doug Miller holds secret meetings in France with European authorities as part of the probe. February 2011: Armstrong retires from cycling for the second and final time. May 2011: Former Armstrong teammate Tyler Hamilton, a cyclist with a record of doping, tells “60 Minutes” that Armstrong took blood-booster EPO in the 1999 Tour and before the race in 2000 and 2001. Feb. 4: Federal prosecutors announce they are closing their investigation of Armstrong without pressing charges. Tygart says USADA will continue to investigate. June 13: USADA accuses Armstrong of doping, and charges his team manager, a team trainer and three doctors with being involved. Armstrong has until June 29 to respond.
Source: The Associated Press
But they are not positive tests. As it did with disgraced Olympic champion sprinter Marion Jones, USADA has built a non-analytical case, based on evidence such as testimony.
The letter, first reported by The Washington Post, says riders with firsthand knowledge will testify that Armstrong used EPO, blood transfusions and testosterone and that he administered them to other cyclists from 1998 to 2005. Witnesses also will testify, the letter says, that Armstrong used human growth hormone before 1996.
Armstrong fired back with a defiant denial of the charges, as has become his custom. In a statement Wednesday posted on Twitter, he said, "These charges are baseless, motivated by spite and advanced through testimony bought and paid for by promises of anonymity and immunity."
He repeated his denial of doping and said he has passed more than 500 drug tests and never failed.
The USADA, which oversees anti-doping in U.S. Olympic sports, can issue bans but cannot bring criminal charges. It will forward the case to a review board, which recommends whether to proceed with a hearing before an arbitration panel.
The letter to Armstrong says that if a hearing is held, it should take place by Nov. 1 but could occur before then, a person familiar with the case told USA TODAY Sports on the condition of anonymity because the letter was not released.
Travis Tygart, CEO of USADA, would not comment but said in a statement that it is the agency's duty "to fairly and thoroughly evaluate all the evidence available and when there is credible evidence of doping, take action."
David Howman, director general of the World Anti-Doping Agency, declined to assess the strength of the evidence but told USA TODAY Sports, "I think it's significant that it's not an athlete alone being charged. It's an athlete/entourage. I think the charge is significant."
When asked about non-analytical cases and the fact that Armstrong hasn't tested positive, Howman pointed to the sanctions against Jones. "There have been a lot of athletes who have faced sanctions through non-analytical evidence," Howman said. "We do not rely on science only nowadays. You cannot accept that science alone will find those who might be breaching the rules. So this is not unusual. It's something that's becoming more normal and accepted."
The USADA's letter and an earlier letter from one of Armstrong's attorneys details the level of animosity that exists — and has for years — between the two.
The USADA letter alleges that Armstrong's team engaged in an organized conspiracy to conceal and cover up doping conduct dating to 1999. It says it has witnesses who will testify that "Lance Armstrong and other co-conspirators engaged in activities to conceal their conduct and mislead anti-doping authorities including … attempts to intimidate, discredit, silence and retaliate against witnesses."
Last week, Armstrong's attorney, Robert Luskin, sent a letter to USADA declining the agency's invitation to meet with Armstrong to discuss the allegations in person.
The June 8 letter, a copy of which was obtained by USA TODAY Sports, accuses the USADA of conducting not an investigation but "a vendetta, which has nothing to do with learning the truth and everything to do with settling a score and garnering publicity at Lance's expense."
As part of the process set into motion by the USADA's letter, Armstrong is banned from competing in triathlon, a sport that he focused on after retiring from cycling competition.
In the wasteland of principles that is Westminster, Tim Montgomerie has always been an exception. The area is filled with ambitious, bland careerists whose idea of taking a stand (as with most of the commentariat) consists of trying to locate two ‘extremes' before comfortably wedging themselves equidistant between them. But in resigning from a lifetime's membership of the Conservative party, Tim Montgomerie has demonstrated that there is still room for principles in politics.
Because nothing has so highlighted Westminster's prevalence of careerism over principle than the aftermath of the great EU renegotiation charade. In private absolutely nobody thinks that David Cameron achieved anything real with his ‘renegotiation'. Yet in public a swathe of job-seekers in the Conservative party are seriously trying to herald this cretinous fakery as an actual achievement. Consider just one example.
The Conservative MP Nick Herbert launched his career by being a Eurosceptic. Indeed his stepping-stone into Parliament was heading a group that opposed ever-closer union. Now after milling around Westminster for a few years it is announced that he is heading a group of pro-EU Conservatives who will argue that the Prime Minister has magisterially won everything everyone ever wanted out of the EU. Is that because the EU has become an infinitely more admirable organisation over the course of the last fifteen years? Or is it more likely the case that Mr Herbert just wants a better job sometime soon?
It isn't only a Conservative party problem. Many members of both main parties are currently trying to invent ways to explain how they could back the EU at this juncture when they have been criticising it throughout their political lives. But the problem of dishonesty in the Conservative party is particularly pronounced. As Tim Montgomerie says in his resignation letter in the Times:
If Britain remains chained to Brussels after this charade we'll be in a weaker position than before. We'll be the country that made Eurosceptic noises for decades but capitulated when it mattered. The EU's bureaucracy, courts and politicos will see us as all-bark, no-bite moaning minnies.
All of which is true. And which makes some of the responses to Tim's resignation all the more surprising. Take the Conservative MP called Guto Bebb. Last night, in response to this principled resignation Bebb tweeted:
Should we care that an US based never elected Tory has resigned? — Guto Bebb (@GutoBebb) February 17, 2016
The first response to this butter-fingered sneer might be to point out that it is not precisely a fault of Tim Montgomerie's that he is currently employed by the Times newspaper to cover the US elections. Most people would regard that as a rather good and important position. Of course Mr Bebb did not mention this, presumably because he was using ‘US based' as a sneer. Mr Bebb, it would seem, wishes to mislead his few followers into thinking that Tim has in fact abandoned the old country. That way Mr Bebb, who is in the process of selling-out his country, can pretend to his constituents that he is in fact still standing up for it.
But here is the bigger problem for the Bebbs of Westminster. It may well be that they shouldn't care about the founder of Conservative Home, and one of their party's most loyal and thoughtful members, choosing to leave the party. Just as they may for the time-being not mind taking all those leaflet-deliverers for granted while riding against their core wishes. But one day they may wake up to discover that amid all the high-handed dismissals and principle-free careerism, there is nobody around left to watch their political backs. What a day that will be. And perhaps it will come sooner rather than later.
On those occasions when I've had anything to do with the Conservative party's grassroots it has always seemed to me that they are infinitely more principled and sensible on the EU question than the people they elect to represent them. Tim Montgomerie has just put his country before his party. The Conservative party's members will soon be given the only opportunity in their lives to do the same. I hope they also rise to the occasion.
1 of 2 2 of 2
A lot of public feedback that the City of Vancouver has received related to the fentanyl crisis is unsympathetic toward people who struggle with an addiction.
“If people want to use illegal drugs, I'm not paying for them,” reads one letter typical of those included in a response to a freedom-of-information request filed by the Georgia Straight.
“They can drop dead for all I'm concerned,” it continues.
The FOI package covers correspondence received by the mayor's office and the city manager's office from April 14, 2016—when the provincial government declared a public-health emergency—up to the beginning of December.
During those eight months, the mayor and city manager received 81 pieces of public feedback related to fentanyl or the overdose epidemic.
Of those, 35 emails can be described as taking a negative position toward people addicted to drugs.
“If you're stupid enough to do drugs regardless of what your drug of choice is and your bad choice leads to an overdose (and potentially death), you deserve what you get,” reads another citizen's letter. “Has anyone considered that this 'epidemic' is just nature's way of eliminating the walking stupid who share our space?”
Only 16 emails expressed sympathy for people affected by the fentanyl crisis. Another 30 emails were "neutral" on the issues of addiction or drug use but were included in the FOI-response package because they discussed related issues: for example, arguing that health care is primarily a responsibility of the provincial government.
Much of the correspondence that is either neutral or negative about drug users concerns a 0.5-percent increase to property taxes that the City of Vancouver implemented last December to boost its response to drug-overdose deaths.
“Why should property owners be penalized with a higher property tax to cover the costs of fentanyl overdoses,” reads one typical neutral email.
Of those 81 emails reviewed by the Straight, just three expressed support for that initiative.
City council passed the property-tax increase on December 13. It is estimated to equate to a extra $11 a year for owners of a single-family home, $4 annually for condo owners, and $19 for people who own an average commercial property; it is expected to raise $3.5 million for the city.
In a telephone interview, NPA councillor Melissa De Genova said the fentanyl issue—and especially the property-tax increase—produced substantially more feedback from the public than what was obtained by the Straight. She noted the FOI response does not include messages only sent to councillors and that emails have been “pouring in” to her inbox on a scale she's rarely seen since entering politics in 2011.
De Genova said she suspects the way Vision Vancouver councillors handled the property-tax increase made people less likely to support its larger response to fentanyl.
“If Vancouverites understood where their money was going, or if they had a chance to have input as to how it will be directed towards combatting the opioid crisis, perhaps we could get more of them on board,” she said. “That would have perhaps been a better option than springing something on taxpayers in 48 hours….There was no consultation.”
Vision Vancouver councillor Kerry Jang said that responding to the fentanyl crisis has been complicated by stigma and a lack of understanding of addiction as a disease. He told the Straight those factors are likely at work in some of the feedback the city has received on the overdose crisis.
“People don't seem to realize—I don't think even our opposition realizes, when it says stuff like, ‘We should hand this over to the province'—that we had over 920 deaths last year,” Jang said. (There were 922 deaths across B.C. attributed to illicit drugs in 2015. That compares to 513 the previous year and 366 in 2014.)
“That's why we've been sending out so many press releases, trying to help people understand,” he continued. “I've written back many of them [citizens] explaining that what we're doing is providing money to first responders to help them cope with the number of calls.”
TRAVIS LUPICK / B.C. CORONERS SERVICE
For the week of February 26 to March 4, Vancouver firefighters recorded an all-time high for overdose calls. That number was 174, a tally that does not include calls to police or ambulance services.
The following week (March 6 to 12), firefighters recorded 92 calls for overdoses. Although that marks a substantial decline, that number is still way above what the department once considered normal.
The week after that (March 13 to 19), the number of calls rose again, to 104.
"The City's first responders and front line community service workers are at a breaking point, shouldering a large share of the overdose response in the fentanyl crisis," Mayor Gregor Robertson said in a release detailing those figures.
That document warns that the number of overdose deaths recorded in the city of Vancouver during the month of March is expected to set a record.
“Twelve deaths last week,” Jang said via phone. “Fourteen the previous week. How long do we have to wait?”
De Genova suggested the city spend more money on enforcement.
“I'd like to know where we're at with our drug squad and the Vancouver Police Department,” she added. “Did they receive enough funding?”
UNIVERSAL CITY, California — We're not sure how it happened, but at some point in the last year or so, Hollywood decided that archery was the archaic skill du jour. With movies like "The Hunger Games," "The Avengers" and "Snow White and the Huntsman" arming their characters with bows and arrows, someone was going to have to teach these actors how to handle their weapons.
Unfortunately, that man was Lester Boonshaft.
In a short film produced especially for the 21st annual MTV Movie Awards, J.J. Abrams and Jennifer Lawrence shared their experiences working with Boonshaft, played by the very dedicated Joel McHale.
"It's about taking all that focus and energy and releasing those juices in one explosion ... like diarrhea," said Boonshaft, sharing just one nugget of his archery skills.
But Boonshaft is not the fantastic coach that he makes himself out to be. "Lester Boonshaft was hired to be my archery teacher for 'The Hunger Games,' " Lawrence said. "Did I find it out that an archery teacher didn't know how to hold a bow and arrow? Yeah."
Abrams, one of the highest-profile directors working today, had his own negative things to say about Boonshaft. "There's this whole Klingon archery subplot in the new 'Star Trek' that I completely cut out so I didn't have to work with him," he said.
Boonshaft didn't mince words when it came to Abrams. "I love everything J.J. has done except for his films and TV shows."
But Boonshaft's offenses go beyond his lack of archery skill. "I made the mistake of giving Lester my phone number," Lawrence said. "At first, he would just call and give me tips about archery. Now, it's just this." She held up a cell phone screen too dirty for basic cable.
"I don't even know what part of the body that is."
"That's my d---," Boonshaft said.
Regardless of what Abrams and Lawrence had to say about Boonshaft, he did offer Lawrence real advice on the set of "The Hunger Games." "Oh, it's me, Lester Boonshaft," said Lawrence, mockingly. "And if you hold the bow and arrow like this and put your shoulders back, it makes your tits look better."
"Was I wrong?" Boonshaft asked.
Jaw-dropping, heart-pounding, gut-busting moments galore. See what just happened at the 21st annual MTV Movie Awards!
Scott "no apologies" Brown.
Scott "no apologies" Brown.
Titled “Got Caught,” the ad features members of the public suggesting the undocumented claim is untrue, with the first speaker calling it “a lie.” [...] A Globe review of Warren's legal career, which included two dozen interviews, also found a wide range of professors and administrators who recruited or worked with Warren who said her ethnic background played no role in her hiring.
Sen. Scott Brown has definitively answered the question of whether he has any shame. He doesn't. He has a brand-new ad out hitting Elizabeth Warren on her claim to be a Native American, pushing an issue her employers have uniformly debunked.But he still released this ad. And that's after a week in which Brown has been pummeled for refusing to apologize to the Cherokee nation for the racist behavior of some of his senior staff at a recent rally. And after his only public statement on that event was basically to blame Elizabeth Warren for making claims that forced his staff to be racist assholes.
Now, because he has absolutely nothing else to run on and refuses to engage on his record or on the issues, he's pushing the Native American thing, again. He's trading away his only advantage in this race—his image as a good guy—for cheap hits.
That's truly a sign of a desperate, losing politician. Not to mention a colossal asshole.
Please donate $3 to Elizabeth Warren on ActBlue.
The new speaker of the House skipped a nationally televised memorial in Arizona honoring victims of Saturday's shootings, opting instead to host a cocktail party Wednesday night.
Speaker John Boehner (R-OH) declined an offer to ride to Tucson on Air Force One with President Barack Obama and other lawmakers, Politico reported.
A Democratic leadership aide told the newspaper it was “disrespectful” of the speaker to miss the memorial service in order to attend a partisan political event, whether or not it was planned in advance.
The party, organized by Boehner's political action committee, featured 168 members of the Republican National Committee, according to published reports. It took place at at a Maryland resort near Washington at 7 pm EST, coinciding with the memorial slated for 8 pm.
A spokesperson for Boehner told Roll Call Wednesday that the Ohio Republican intended to leave the reception before Obama's address began.
But that didn't help the optics of his situation, and newspapers widely reported on Boehner's decision. The move invited mockery from critics, who suggested the 20-year congressman was having trouble settling into his new role.
At the memorial, President Obama poignantly pleaded for civility in the wake of the national tragedy that left six dead, one of whom was a federal judge, and over a dozen wounded, including Democratic Rep. Gabrielle Giffords of Arizona.
His speech, in which he called on Americans to transcend partisanship and vitriol as they mourn the victims, was roundly praised by liberals and conservatives.
The service was attended by First Lady Michelle Obama, Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA), Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer, and Arizona Republican Sens. John McCain and Jon Kyl.
Swedish man accused of killing girlfriend in Fifty Shades of Grey-style sado-masochistic sex game
Major TW for violence against women
A Swedish man is to go on trial charged with killing his girlfriend in Fifty Shades of Grey-style sado-masochistic sex game.
“The unnamed 31-year-old is accused of killing his German girlfriend after she was hit 123 times with a wooden blackboard pointer while bound with nylon tights and condoms.
The man claims the 28-year-old woman was a willing ‘sex slave', but police later found a diary in which she wrote: “You once said you did not want to see me in real pain. I am subservient but no masochist.”
The man was charged last week in connection with the woman's death in October. She is said to have been an exchange student who had only been in the country for nine days to meet the boyfriend she had befriended on a previous visit and had kept in touch with online.
Police said the man raised the alarm after he noticed his partner had stopped breathing during their S&M session at his home in Umea, northern Sweden.
He tried in vain to resuscitate her before the ambulance arrived, with the woman spending two days in intensive care before her life support machines were switched off.
She is said to have sustained “terrible” brain damage as a result of her airways being restricted.
Local prosecutor Åsa Jonsson said she had her mouth stuffed with something which led directly to her death, adding: “It is our belief he is directly responsible for her death.”
The manslaughter trial gets underway next week.”
Source: The Independent | Graphic source
Horrifying and sad. This is why we're posting so much about the movie. IT IS TEXTBOOK ABUSE AND A TEXTBOOK FOR ABUSE.
See also: Fifty Abusive Moments in Fifty Shades of Grey (link TW for stalking, rape, threat, abuse)
#FiftyDollarsNotFiftyShades
#FiftyShadesofAbuse
After Nick Fairley drunk drove past an Alabama state trooper at 100 miles per hour, I wrote that 79 NFL players have been charged with DUI or DWI since 2007 and that this crime should be an automatic suspension.
Less than two weeks later, Giants tackle David Diehl blew a .18. At 304 pounds, he would have needed to consume 17 drinks in three hours before getting behind the wheel.
Diehl received no suspension from the league.
According to the PFT police blotter, 12 NFL players have been charged with DUI after Fairley's arrest: Jerome Felton, Justin Blackmon (“aggravated”), Diehl, Aaron Berry, Eric Wright, Robert Quinn, Marshawn Lynch, Kenny Britt, Michael Turner, Alameda Ta'amu, and finally Josh Brent.
This brings the total to 91 since 2007.
Michael Turner, who is 30 years old and has played in the league for nine seasons, got pulled over for drunk driving 97 in in 65 just hours after his Falcons beat the Broncos on Monday Night Football. Turner started the next week in San Diego and thus far has not faced any discipline from the league.
The NFL has a four-game suspension for a positive Adderall test, but not for needlessly, selfishly, and recklessly risking the lives of innocent others.
Yesterday, the Dallas Morning News reported that Cowboys defensive lineman Josh Brent was over twice the legal limit following his crash that killed his teammate Jerry Brown:
Irving police, who are not commenting on the case, have previously said that the 321-pound Brent failed field sobriety tests immediately after the deadly crash. He refused a breathalyzer test but because his wreck resulted in a death, authorities could draw his blood against his will. Brent's blood alcohol level was reportedly 0.18. According to one online blood alcohol content calculator, a person Brent's size would have to drink about 20 shots over a four-hour period to reach that blood alcohol level.
This is the second time in less than four years that an NFL player DUI has led to the death of an innocent man–Donte Stallworth pled guilty to DUI manslaughter in 2009.
I'm not naive enough to believe that drunk driving is only an NFL problem. It is an issue that transcends age, race, gender, and socioeconomic status. The Bush/Cheney administration had at least three DUI arrests. Ted Kennedy's DUI ended the life of a female acquaintance and he continued to serve in the senate for the next 40 years. Several of my closest friends have DUIs.
In the NFL, where players can get safe rides home in a town car for $85, there needs to be a greater deterrent to prevent future tragedies.
Mike Florio details the punishments for first-time offenses:
Currently, a first offense results in a fine equivalent to two game checks, barring aggravating circumstances. Per a source with knowledge of the situation, the league has pushed hard for a two-game suspension for a first offense, but the union has resisted. The source said that the parties had agreed to a one-game suspension plus a one-game fine last year for a first offense, but the finalization of that agreement has been bogged down by the parties' inability to agree to the procedures for HGH testing.
This is not enough for the gravity of the crime and the extent to which other less serious offenses are punished by the league.
I'm almost always pro-union and anti-management, but the union is wrong to be holding this up. They should not be protecting the right for their constituency to drive drunk. This is a serious issue for the league that needs to be corrected sooner than later.
Off my soapbox, onto brief picks:
Records
Ryan
Last week :7-9
This week (so far): 0-1
Season: 93-112-5
Asif
Last week: 9-7
This week (so far): 1-0
Season: 102-103-5
Green Bay (-3) @ Chicago
Ryan: Jay Cutler will start this game, but I don't think he finishes it. Packers cover.
Asif: Packers cover.
NY Giants (-1.5) @ Atlanta
Ryan: No idea. Flipping a coin. Giants cover.
Asif: Giants cover
Tampa Bay @ New Orleans (-3.5)
Ryan: I think this Tagliabue ruling will be the last Saints victory this season. Tampa Bay covers.
Asif: Bucs cover
Washington (-1.5) @ Cleveland
Ryan: Umm, shouldn't this line be higher? Redskins cover.
Asif: Washington covers.
Jacksonville @ Miami (-7)
Ryan: CHAD HENNE REVENGE GAME. Dolphins cover.
Asif: Miami covers.
Denver (-2.5) @ Baltimore
Ryan: Haven't we figured out that the Broncos are really good and the Ravens aren't? Denver covers.
Asif: Denver covers.
Indianapolis @ Houston (-8.5)
Ryan: Line is too high to pick against Chuckstrong. Colts cover.
Asif: Colts cover.
Carolina @ San Diego (-3)
Ryan: This should be a WWE-style losing coach leaves town match. Carolina covers.
Asif: Chargers cover.
Seattle (-5.5) @ Buffalo
Ryan: The Seahawks are like butter ‘cuz they're on a roll. Seattle covers.
Asif: Seattle covers
Detroit (-6) @ Arizona
Ryan: Detroit is bad, but they still play hard. Lions cover.
Asif: Lions cover
Pittsburgh (-1.5) @ Dallas
Ryan: Dallas is better than people think. Cowboys cover.
Asif: Steelers cover
Kansas City @ Oakland (-3)
Ryan: Wait, the Raiders are favored in a game? How? Chiefs cover.
Asif: I'm pretty sure that watching this game is classified as torture under the Geneva Convention. Raiders cover.
San Francisco @ New England (-5)
Ryan: New England is like Limp Bizkit: Rollin' Rollin' Rollin'. Patriots cover.
Asif: Niners cover
NY Jets @ Tennessee (-2)
Ryan: We really need the Jets to make the playoffs. Jets cover.
Asif: Jets cover
TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's first quarter growth handily beat initial estimates on an unexpected surge in capital spending, fresh signs the world's third-biggest economy is in better shape to weather a hit to consumption from a sales tax hike.
A woman walks past a board promoting a bargain sale at a shopping district in Tokyo July 11, 2011. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
Capital spending, long a weak link in the economy, is a key focus in Tokyo's campaign to engineer a revival after two decades of sub-par growth and grinding deflation.
“Companies don't tend to ramp up spending ahead of the sales tax hike, so the increase likely reflects improvements in corporate profits and diminishing slack,” said Mitsumaru Kumagai, chief economist at Daiwa Institute of Research.
Japan's economy grew an annualized 6.7 percent in the first quarter, data showed on Monday, up sharply from an initial reading of a 5.9 percent rise, and confirmed the fastest pace of growth since July-September 2011. The data beat the median market forecast for GDP to rise 5.6 percent.
The upward revision was largely due to a recalculation in capital expenditure that took into account finance ministry data showing a solid increase in spending.
Adding to the optimism, current account data showed foreign visitors spent more money than Japanese traveling abroad for the first time in 44 years, boding well for Japanese companies in the retail and tourism industry.
In other encouraging news, Japanese consumer confidence rose for the first time in six months in May, further underscoring recent signs that the economic pain from the sales tax hike would be temporary. The service-sector sentiment index also edged up.
The tax, which was raised to 8 percent from 5 percent on April 1 to fix Japan's tattered finances, has caused distortions in data and raised worries about the outlook.
Monday's positive figures, however, back the Bank of Japan's view the economy will recover moderately led by domestic demand, with growing evidence of an uptick in business investment a particularly pleasing result for policymakers.
In comments to Parliament, BOJ Deputy Governor Kikuo Iwata sounded suitably upbeat, saying that he expects Japan's exports to turn up as advanced nations recover.
“The Japanese economy will continue growth above its potential rate as a trend as exports turn up and domestic demand remains firm,” Iwata told parliament, adding that the economy is on a steady track to meet the BOJ's 2 percent inflation target.
ON TRACK
Corporate capital spending rose 7.6 percent, up from a preliminary 4.9 percent increase, an encouraging sign for Prime Minister Shinzo Abe who is keen for companies to spend more of their cash piles to drive a sustainable economic recovery.
On a quarterly basis, the economy grew 1.6 percent in January-March, up from a preliminary 1.5 percent expansion. It compared with a median market forecast for a 1.4 percent rise.
Some analysts warn of uncertainty ahead as companies start to feel the pinch from an increase in the sales tax to 8 percent from 5 percent in April.
“A surge in domestic demand helped Japan achieve high growth in January-March. But a reactionary slump is inevitable, which means the economy will contract in April-June,” said Takeshi Minami, chief economist at Norinchukin Research Institute.
Moreover, analysts say weak factory output and household spending falling at the fastest pace in three years in April point to the tax hike's chilling effect on consumer spending.
Still, there are signs the economy will overcome the temporary dips in growth.
Under its “qualitative and quantitative easing” program launched in April last year, the BOJ has been aggressively pumping money into markets on hope that banks will lend more to companies, which will then boost wages and capital spending.
Bank lending rose 2.3 percent in May from a year earlier, increasing for the 31st straight month and growing at a faster pace than 2.1 percent in April, BOJ data showed on Monday.
There was little market reaction to the GDP data.
“The market is more focused on data pertaining to inflation and its possible impact on the Bank of Japan's monetary policy,” said Shinichiro Kadota, chief Japan FX strategist at Barclays in Tokyo.
The BOJ has said Japan can weather the tax hike impact and resume a moderate recovery in July-September as exports - now a soft spot in the economy - gradually pick up.
Reflecting the continued weakness in exports, Japan posted its biggest trade deficit for the month of April, leading to a smaller-than-expected current account surplus, Ministry of Finance data showed on Monday.
But the current account data also showed that the travel balance swung to a surplus for the first time since 1970 as foreign visitors outnumbered Japanese traveling abroad.
By
Over the weekend, two animated GIFs took the sports web by storm because, well, they are hilarious.
Tim Duncan and Buck Showalter, two men who have experienced significant success in their respective sports, would seem unlikely candidates to be left hanging when offering their hand out for a high or low five. Duncan is a surefire, fire-ballot Hall of Famer. Showalter helped build the Yankees and Diamondbacks into World Series-ready franchises.
And yet both men recently had to deal with ignominy of being left hanging by their teammates/players.
So the question is: who played it off better?
First, let's look at Tim Duncan:
Duncan reacts with genuine emotion.
He gets passed up by two teammates, even thrusting his hand forward for an unrequited high five to the second one. Then he leaves his hand hanging in mid-air for a moment before plaintively closing his unslapped hand into a melancholy fist and dropping his head in either sadness, shame, or both.
A legend like Tim Duncan should never have to deal with something like this. Shame on his teammates. That's Tim Duncan you inconsiderate, disrespectful slobs.
Unlike Duncan, Buck Showalter shows no visible signs of disappointment at being left hanging. In fact, he plays it off about as well about as well as one can when being left hanging in full view of the cameras.
As you can see, Mark Reynolds does not even acknowledge his manager trying to give him some dap. In fact, it looks like Reynolds doesn't even see him, which means more of the blame in this case should be placed on Showalter for making a poorly-timed, inconspicuous low five attempts. In Duncan's case, I'm not sure how his teammates could not have seen his attempt.
But Showalter does a great job of pantomiming a completed five, jolting his hand downward as if it had been fived upon, then even adding a vertical fist bump to the action for good measure. While this follow-up action looks nice, I think it would have been awkward to pull off in reality with Reynolds' momentum taking him the other way. A horizontal knuckle pound likely would have been the only option for a post-five follow up.
So…who played it off better?
My vote goes for Duncan, because he didn't really play it off at all. He simply allowed his genuine emotion to be visible to all, which is rare for a guy whose stoic disposition and utter lack of on-court emotion have been well documented.
Showalter is definitely calm and cool, and he makes a great attempt with the pantomime, but it's unrealistic both in execution and underlying emotion. Showalter had to be sad inside despite his collected outward demeanor. Come on, this is a guy who has led two franchises to the brink of greatness, only to be relieved of his duties and see the franchise – the Yankees and the D'backs – win the World Series the next year.
Something tells me Reynolds gave a strong five, probably followed by a pull-forward one-arm hug and back slap, to whoever offered up their hand next. That's just how things go for Buck Showalter.
So I'm going with the Hall of Famer Duncan for flipping the script and showing some real emotion.
Who gets your vote?
Who played off being left hanging better? Tim Duncan
Buck Showalter View Results
Loading ... Loading ...
And to close, let's make the sports world whole again. There is no need for these two sportsmen to be left hanging.
Complete that five guys:
There, doesn't that feel better?
*****
Three Stars of the Week
Ryan Gropp, LW, Seattle Thunderbirds (WHL) - Gropp registered a point in each of Seattle's four games during the week (one goal, three assists over the span). The Rangers' second round pick (41st overall) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft extended his point streak to six games (two goals, five assists) and he has tallied eight points (two goals, six assists) in nine games with the Thunderbirds in 2016-17. Gropp leads Seattle in points per game this season (0.89).
Tyler Wall, G, UMass-Lowell (NCAA) - Wall posted a 2-0-0 record, along with a 1.50 GAA and a .945 SV% (52 saves on 55 shots) in two appearances against the University of Vermont last weekend. The Rangers' sixth round pick (174th overall) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft has posted a 6-1-1 record, along with a 1.81 GAA, a .932 SV%, and 1 SO in eight appearances this season. Wall has also earned a win in each of his last three appearances, posting a 1.67 GAA and a .939 SV% in those contests. Wall is tied for third in the NCAA in wins, is tied for ninth in GAA, and ranks 11th in SV% this season.
Gabriel Fontaine, C, Rouyn-Noranda Huskies (QMJHL) - Fontaine tallied a point in each of the Huskies' first two games of the week (one goal, one assist), extending his point streak to five games (two goals, five assists over the span). The Rangers' sixth round pick (171st overall) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft has registered a point in nine of his first 11 QMJHL games this season, recording 13 points (six goals, seven assists). He ranks fifth on the Huskies in points per game thus far this season (1.18).
Emerging from the Pack
Marek Hrivik registered two points (one goal, one assist) and posted a plus-two rating on Nov. 4 vs. Bridgeport. He leads Hartford in assists (five), points (nine), and plus/minus rating (plus-three), and is tied for the team lead in goals (four) through 10 games this season.
Nicklas Jensen tallied two goals on Nov. 4 vs. Bridgeport. Jensen is tied for the team lead in goals (four) and ranks second on the Wolf Pack in points (seven) in 2016-17.
Ryan Graves notched two assists and recorded three shots on goal Nov. 4 vs. Bridgeport. The Rangers' fourth round pick (110th overall) in the 2013 NHL Entry Draft has tallied three points (one goal, two assists) and has registered 18 shots on goal over the last four games. Graves ranks fifth in the AHL - and ranks second among AHL defensemen - in shots on goal this season (35).
Quick Hits
Sean Day, D, Windsor Spitfires (OHL) - Day registered the game-winning goal and was selected as the game's Third Star on Nov. 6 vs. Barrie. The Rangers' third round pick (81st overall) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft has recorded a point in eight of 11 OHL games this season, registering 10 points (five goals, five assists). Day is tied for fourth among OHL defensemen in goals this season (five). In addition, he ranks second among OHL defensemen in goals per game (0.45) and ranks 12th among OHL defensemen in points per game (0.91) in 2016-17.
Tim Gettinger, LW, Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds (OHL) - Gettinger tallied an assist on the game-winning goal and recorded seven shots on goal on Nov. 5 at Flint. The Rangers' fifth round pick (141st overall) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft has registered nine points (five goals, four assists) in 16 games with the Greyhounds this season, and he has recorded a point in four of the last six games (three goals, two assists over the span). In addition, he has registered 19 shots on goal over the last three contests. Gettinger leads the Greyhounds in shots on goal (55) and is tied for fifth on the team in goals (five) in 2016-17.
Adam Huska, G, University of Connecticut (NCAA) - Huska stopped 23 of 25 shots he faced in a 2-2 tie on Nov. 4 at UMass. The Rangers' seventh round pick (184th overall) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft has posted a 1-1-2 record, along with a 2.40 GAA and a .935 SV% in four appearances this season. Huska ranks ninth in the NCAA in SV% thus far in 2016-17.
Brad Morrison, C, Prince George Cougars (WHL) - Morrison tallied an assist in Prince George's 4-2 win against Kamloops on Nov. 5. The Rangers' fourth round pick (113th overall) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft has registered a point in 13 of 18 games this season, recording 21 points (seven goals, 14 assists). Morrison leads Prince George in assists and points, and he ranks second on the team in goals in 2016-17.
Ty Ronning, RW, Vancouver Giants (WHL) - Ronning registered two goals, including the game-winning goal, on Nov. 5 vs. Lethbridge. The Rangers' seventh round pick (201st overall) in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft has tallied a point in 12 of 16 WHL games this season. Ronning is tied for second on the team in assists (eight), ranks third in points (15), ranks fourth in goals (seven), and is tied for fourth in plus/minus rating (plus-five).
Igor Shesterkin, G, SKA St. Petersburg (KHL) - During the past week, Shesterkin represented Russia at the Karjala Cup. In his one appearance during the week, the Rangers' fourth round pick (118th overall) in the 2014 NHL Entry Draft stopped 25 of 27 shots he faced to help Russia defeat Sweden, 3-2, on Nov. 5. Shesterkin was also named KHL Goaltender of the Month for October, as he posted a 6-0-0 record, along with a 0.49 GAA, a .981 SV% (155 saves on 158 shots), and 4 SO in seven appearances during the month.
Sergey Zborovskiy, D, Regina Pats (WHL) - Zborovskiy registered an assist and in each of Regina's two games during the week (two assists). The Rangers' third round pick (79th overall) in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft extended his assist/point streak to six games (six assists), and he has registered a plus-two rating or better in five of the six contests (plus-12 rating over the span). Zborovskiy has tallied a point in 11 of the 12 WHL games he has played in 2016-17 (one goal, 10 assists), and he has posted a plus-two rating or better in eight of the 12 contests. He ranks second in the WHL in plus/minus rating (plus-22) this season, and he is tied for 11th among WHL defensemen in points per game (0.92).
Workers World, 55 W. 17 St., NY, NY 10011
Email:
Subscribe
Support independent news Articles copyright 1995-2012 Workers World. Verbatim copying and distribution of this entire article is permitted in any medium without royalty provided this notice is preserved.Workers World, 55 W. 17 St., NY, NY 10011Email: [email protected] Subscribe [email protected] Support independent news DONATE
Captain America: Civil War: Team Iron Man and Team Captain America rosters revealed
One of the biggest questions going into Captain America: Civil War is what character is siding with who when Captain America goes up against Iron Man. For those of you who lost count, the current roster of characters includes: Captain America, Iron Man, Hawkeye, Black Widow, Winter Soldier, Falcon, War Machine, Vision, Scarlet Witch, Ant-Man, Spider-Man and Black Panther.
According to Heroic Hollywood, this is how the teams are broken down. Starting for Team Captain America we have:
• Captain America
• Hawkeye
• Falcon
• Scarlet Witch
• Winter Soldier
• Ant-Man
Starting for Team Iron Man, we have:
• Iron Man
• Vision
• Spider-Man
• Black Widow
• War Machine
As for Black Panther, he's going to be staying neutral throughout the whole film. This leads me to think that Black Panther is in the middle of the conflict between Tony and Steve. Heroic Hollywood also suggests that one of the characters on Team Iron Man is a double agent for Team Captain America.
Can you guess who it is?
Captain America: Civil War battle in theaters on May 6, 2016.
EUROPEAN AIRLINES HAVE taken safety measures after the region's air safety body issued a warning about Russian missiles being fired at Syria.
The European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) took action to avoid a repeat of the tragedy involving Malaysia Airlines flight MH17, which was shot down over war-torn eastern Ukraine last year, killing all 298 people on board.
Dutch investigators concluded in their final report yesterday that the Boeing 777 was brought down by a Russian-made BUK missile.
Russia is intensifying its air campaign against insurgents in Syria and last week also launched a salvo of cruise missiles from its warships in the Caspian.
Lebanese clerics protest the Russian action Source: AP Photo/Hussein Malla
Hong Kong-based airline Cathay Pacific said it had halted all flights over the area in response to the dangers from last Thursday “until further notice”.
Cathay already has a long-term policy not to overfly Iraq, Afghanistan, Ukraine and Syria, its statement said.
Air France said it had introduced measures after receiving the EASA warning on 9 October.
“From 10 October, on the recommendations of its safety directors, Air France has temporarily put in place special measures concerning the flyover of Iran and the Caspian Sea,” France's national flag carrier said, adding that security considerations prevented it from giving further details.
Source: AP Photo/Christophe Ena
Air France is not currently flying over Yemen, eastern Ukraine, Syria, Iraq and Libya.
Creating awareness
In its safety information bulletin, EASA said “missiles en-route to Syria crossed airspace in Iran and Iraq below flight routes used by commercial transport aeroplanes”.
The missiles had been launched from the Caspian Sea, it said, adding that the advisory was to “create awareness” for airspace users.
Source: EASA
Australian carrier Qantas said it had chosen not to suspend flights over the area.
“The Europeans said that those issues were there, but didn't make any recommendations or changes to what airlines do,” its Irish chief executive, Alan Joyce, said.
If there was a problem, and if it does turn into being a problem, Qantas will not be flying aircraft through that airspace. But the information that we have is it is safe to do so.”
Qantas flies over Iran on its Dubai to London leg.
Qantas CEO Alan Joyce Source: AP Photo/Rick Rycroft
Back to normal
Singapore Airlines said it had “resumed normal routings” after previously diverting some flights to avoid the Caspian Sea area.
The airline said decisions on flight routes were “based on numerous factors” and added that it only used routes that had been cleared for use by the authorities.
Low-cost European operator Norwegian suspended its flights over Iran on Friday as part of its routes between Scandinavia and Dubai following advice from the EASA, but resumed services yesterday.
Austrian Airlines said its planes were continuing to fly over the Caspian Sea.
Our planes fly at 10,000 metres while Russian missiles only reach a very low altitude and therefore present no danger for the moment,” spokesman Wilhelm Baldia said.
Russia's defence ministry said its jets hit 40 Islamic State targets in new strikes in Syria over a 24-hour period, destroying several ammunition depots and training camps.
Washington and its allies – engaged in their own air war against the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq – accuse Moscow of targeting moderate Western-backed rebels and seeking to prop up President Bashar al-Assad, a long-time Russian ally.
Short. Distinct. Successful.
Photo by Philippe Huguen/AFP/Getty Images
Writing a recipe for startup success is like trying to bottle lightning. Estimates, after all, put the startup failure rate as high as 90 percent; there's a reason “fail fast, fail often” is a Silicon Valley mantra. Several years ago, a study of venture-backed firms by researchers at Harvard University found that entrepreneurs who have succeeded once are more likely than first-timers to succeed in the future, but that still just scratched the surface of what works for company founders and why.
Last week, a new study published in Science, “Where Is Silicon Valley?,” attempted to come a little closer to identifying what separates the startups that make it from the ones that don't. The researchers' findings: Startups that are more likely to succeed have short names, are not named after their founders, and are located in regions associated with “high quality” ventures. In particular, the authors write that eponymous firms are more than 70 percent less likely to succeed than others while firms with short names (defined in their paper as three or fewer words) are 50 percent more likely to succeed than those with long names. Menlo Park, Mountain View, and Palo Alto are the top-rated cities for so-called entrepreneurial quality. Successful firms were considered ones that achieved an initial public offering or an acquisition within six years of being founded.
To conduct their study, the authors looked at data on for-profit business registrations in California between 2001 and 2011, as well as data from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and Thomson Reuters. After rating the firms for their entrepreneurial quality, the researchers estimated the average quality of firms in each California city and ZIP code. The records they used in the process were important because they let the authors look at companies right from their founding—before venture capital had been invested or anything else. So when Menlo Park and Mountain View and Palo Alto emerged as the best cities for entrepreneurial quality, it wasn't necessarily because the companies in that area had more funding off the bat that allowed them to set up shop there.
From “Where Is Silicon Valley?”
“What we've been able to do here is move one step back and sort of get the raw material at inception rather than the impact of venture capital,” Scott Stern, one of the study's authors and a professor of management at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, told me. “We're trying to measure things that companies do naturally when they have the ambition and potential to grow.”
That startups with shorter names tend to perform better is consistent with other research on naming. In 2013, a report from career site TheLadders found that shorter first names were correlated with higher annual salaries. With companies, particularly in tech, there has been a tendency to form names by misspelling common words, dropping vowels, or appendly “ly” (think: Flickr, Feedly, Pinterest, and so on). While the study in Science only examined name length in terms of number of words, Stern says the principles of eliminating letters are probably the same. “Firms are looking for names that are easy to remember, that will come up in a search,” he says. “If you have a smaller number of letters and you're missing a vowel, you will have that distinctive search pattern.”
Of course, all this isn't to say that startups will succeed just because they launch in the best-ranked areas for entrepreneurship and come up with short names. Rather, it's that ambitious startups with ambitious founders tend to do the things that the ultimately successful companies do. “Our indicators are the digital trail of ambitious, high-potential entrepreneurs,” Stern says. “Simply having those digital trail markers is not enough—what needs to be true is the founders need to have ambition and potential so that those choices make sense in their overall business plan.”
That said, anyone narrowing down a list of possible monikers for their new venture might want to pre-emptively strike any long or eponymous name ideas from their list. It can't hurt.
BURBANK, Calif. (August 10, 2016) – After an incredibly successful Comic-Con International: San Diego, DC Entertainment has even more good news to share with fans as writer Tim Seeley has reached an agreement to create content solely for the company's DC and Vertigo imprints.
”It's really exciting to see the level of talent that continues to choose DC as their creative home,” said DC Entertainment Editor-In-Chief Bob Harras. “Tim Seeley is an incredible storyteller and I'm very proud to have him as part of our Talent family.”
Along with co-writer Tom King (BATMAN, Vertigo's SHERIFF OF BABYLON) and artist Mikel Janin (BATMAN), Tim Seeley set the comic book world afire with his conversion of Dick Grayson from superhero to globe-trotting super spy in the pages of GRAYSON from 2014 to 2016. Now teamed with artists Javi Fernandez and Marcus To, Seeley returns the character to his superhero roots in the pages of NIGHTWING, where the debut story arc finds the hero learning new methods from a new and more ruthless teacher named Raptor, in “Better than Batman.” This October, Seeley will also be delivering a qruesome and stylish return to the 80's as writer of THE LOST BOYS, the sequel to the cult classic vampire film.
"Working with DC for the past several years has been a total pleasure, and has allowed me to collaborate with some of the best editors and writers and artists in all comics,” said Seeley. “DC has given me the opportunity to work on some of my favorite books, including Batman, Robin War, Nightwing and The Lost Boys, as well as nurture my desire to create new content. This made it easy to call DC my new creative home.”
For more information about DC, visit the website at www.dccomics.com.
A New Jersey man has admitted he participated in January's high-profile cyberattack on the Church of Scientology that took its website offline and caused as much as $70,000 worth of damage.
Dmitriy Guzner, 18, of Verona, New Jersey, helped carry out the crippling distributed denial of service (DDoS) assault because he believed it furthered the goals of the anti-Scientology group "Anonymous," to which he claimed to belong, according to court documents filed in federal court. He has agreed to plead guilty to a single felony charge of unauthorized impairment of a protected computer.
He agreed to pay $37,500 in restitution, a fee he is "jointly and severally liable" for with others who participated in the attack. He faces a maximum of 10 years in federal prison. A sentencing hearing has not been scheduled. Guzner is a student who participated in, but did not organize, the attacks, said his attorney, Jeffrey Chabrowe, of The Blanch Law Firm in New York.
The attacks, which at times rendered Scientology's website unreachable, were said to be in retaliation for its misuse of copyright and trademark law in censorship of criticism against the church. The DDoS attacks, which take websites offline by bombarding them with more traffic than they can handle, were largely unsophisticated brute force, floods, security experts have said.
The Church of Scientology responded by moving its systems to a managed service run by security firm Prolexic.
Assistant US Attorney Wesley Hsu declined to provide additional details about the attack except to say that Guzner was located on the east coast while participating in the attack and that the Scientology servers were located in California.
This is the second time this month that an operative claimed to be linked to Anonymous has been hauled into court for hacking crimes. Last week, the son of a Tennessee legislator pleaded not guilty to charges he illegally broke in to the Yahoo Mail account of US vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin. Screenshots from Palin's account eventually were posted to the Wikileaks website, an act Anonymous took credit for.
Guzner was tracked down by the US Secret Service, the FBI, the Los Angeles Police Department and the Los Angeles County District Attorney's Office. The US Attorney's Office in Los Angeles is prosecuting the case. ®
Can you picture South End as Charlotte's first true functional urban neighborhood?
Towers at least 15 stories high along the light rail corridor. An attractive central park. Streets lined with shops and restaurants. A daytime office lunch crowd. The Atherton Mill smokestack emblazoned with lights.
But the neighborhood would try to maintain its funky vibe, with public support behind art and collaborative workspaces.
That's all according to the South End Vision Plan, a comprehensive and ambitious document unveiled by city leaders over the summer.
The plan is now nearing a decision point. The city's planning commission and City Council are likely to vote on its adoption in the coming weeks.
The planning board will be taking public comments on the plan this Tuesday, November 21 (5 p.m. in the Government Center's room 280, if you're interested).
The full City Council will hear comments on the plan at their December 11 meeting.
Here are a few of the basics. Renderings come from Stantec, the design firm that consulted with the city on the plan, and Depicion Illustration.
South Boulevard and South Tryon as two “Main Streets”
Both of these major roads would be transformed from ugly pseudo-highways to places comfortable for pedestrians and bikers.
South would be more of a shopping and celebration street. City rules could require developers to put retail on the ground floor of all new buildings, and further require them to be built suitable for a wide range of tenants.
Tryon Street would be a little more commercial. Office towers of at least 15 stories (the pink Arlington building is 24 stories, for comparison, and the new Kimpton Tryon Park Hotel is 18 stories) would extend from Uptown and cluster around light rail stations.
The centerpiece would be Wilmore Centennial Park, which is just getting underway.
Gold District
The plan here is to bring in more homes and offices and create a public square around Graham, Bland, Mint, and
Commerce streets.
Camden
This area is probably the closest today to the ultimate vision.
Why does this matter?
It's easy to dismiss this vision plan as pie-in-the-sky. It is, kind of. And it doesn't put any money toward making any of these things happen. It relies heavily on developers buying in to the vision.
But it also comes at a time when Charlotte is taking a hard look at its development standards and what it will require developers to do. A strong vision plan gives developers more certainty and saves them money in the long run, making them more likely to build what we'd like to have.
Charlotte also continually issues bonds for community projects. SouthPark is in the middle of figuring out what it wants to do with $10 million. Plans like this could help South End get more of that money.
If you're not able to go to the public meetings, you can email your feedback to Klint Mullis at Charlotte Center City Partners.
According to the Russian General Staff, the Syrian army now controls 93 percent of the entire city of Aleppo, Fars news agency reported on Friday.
“As a result of a successful advance, 52 districts of Eastern Aleppo have been freed. The territory controlled by militants decreased by one third over the past 4 days. The Syrian army controls 93% of the city's territory,” the Russian General Staff said.
General Lieutenant Sergei Rudskoy said on Friday that more than 1,000 militants have surrendered arms and fled from Aleppo, while 953 of them having been granted amnesty.
Around 8,500 people, including 2,900 children, left militant-controlled areas of Aleppo in the past 24 hours with the help of Russian servicemen, the Russian Peace Coordination Center in Syria said.
“In the past 24 hours alone, 8,461 city residents, including 2,934 children, left districts in the Eastern part of Aleppo city with the assistance of the Russian center of reconciliation,” the center said in a statement released on Friday.
It also said that over a dozen militants who had been actively fighting in Aleppo received amnesty after they surrendered arms.
The Russian center for Syrian reconciliation said, "Fourteen militants, laying down arms, walked out to the Western part of the city towards Syrian troops. In accordance with the decision of the Syrian president all of them were granted amnesty."
Almost a month after questions were first raised about a chunk of missing video from a State Department press briefing, a spokesman for the department has finally admitted that a question from Fox News reporter James Rosen about the government's secret discussions with Iran was deliberately edited out of the video. The government had initially described the missing section as a “glitch.”
State Department spokesman John Kirby told reporters on Wednesday that a staffer erased part of the footage from a December 2013 briefing before it was posted on the Internet. This editor reportedly did so, Kirby said, after receiving a phone call from another department employee telling them to do so. “There was a deliberate request—this wasn't a technical glitch,” he said.
In the missing portion of the video, Rosen asks a State Department spokesperson whether the department was lying when it denied an earlier report that the government was holding secret talks with Iran outside of normal diplomatic channels. In February of 2013, Rosen had asked whether such discussions were taking place and the department said they were not. At the December briefing, he asked then-spokeswoman Jen Psaki about that denial:
Mr. Rosen: “Is it the policy of the State Department, where the preservation or the secrecy of secret negotiations is concerned, to lie in order to achieve that goal?” Ms. Psaki: “James, I think there are times where diplomacy needs privacy in order to progress. This is a good example of that.”
When President Obama's deputy national security advisor described in a recent interview how the administration had manipulated the press about the government's dealings with Iran, and later admitted that there were “discreet” talks between the two, Rosen said he went back to look at the exchange he had with Psaki and it was gone.
Get Data Sheet, Fortune's technology newsletter.
In total, about eight minutes worth of the December press briefing were missing from the uploaded video (although the exchange remained in the text transcript). When Rosen first raised the issue of the missing section of tape, the State Department dismissed it as a “glitch.”
In his statement on Wednesday, Kirby said that “deliberately removing a portion of the video was not and is not in keeping with the State Department's commitment to transparency and public accountability.” However, the department spokesman didn't say who had given the order to edit out the Rosen question, or who had done the actual editing.
On Twitter, Ms. Psaki—who is now director of communications for the White House—said that she was not involved in the editing of the briefing video, and suggested that she did not know about it until it became news. “I had no knowledge of nor would I have approved of any form of editing or cutting my briefing transcript on any subject,” she said. The missing portion of the video has since been restored.
I had no knowledge of nor would I have approved of any form of editing or cutting my briefing transcript on any subject while @StateDept — Jen Psaki NARA (@Psaki44) June 1, 2016
Kirby said that an internal investigation showed that at the time the video was edited there were no rules for how briefing videos were to be handled, but that the department has now instituted policies to make sure that videos and transcripts are not edited without approval from a senior staffer in the department. Any such edits will be noted and made public, he said.
Hi friends! Welcome to this week's Rune Corner. I'm Riot Sparkle, Experience Designer on Runes Reforged and I'm here to be your rune guide for today. This week we're gonna take a break from keystones (but we'll be back soon with more!) to round out a complete set of runes from our Domination path. **!!! WIP DISCLAIMER: **Please do remember that we're still working on these runes, so names, icons, numbers and DEFINITELY in game VFX will change before this ship. That being said, if there's anything you folks really like be sure to let us know! **!!!** As you may remember from [Riot Stashu's post](https://boards.na.leagueoflegends.com/en/c/developer-corner/hFIemE4p-runes-corner-hunt-of-the-blood-moon-sneak-peek?show=flat), Domination is a path focused on stalking prey and taking out targets quickly. The major rune slot in Domination focuses on that first part - tracking down your enemies. We've already seen one rune from this slot in the past - Zombie Ward. First introduced by [RiotWrekz](http://na.leagueoflegends.com/en/news/game-updates/features/coming-preseason-runes-reforged), Zombie Ward is about turning an enemy's safe zones against them. **Zombie Ward ** http://i.imgur.com/waDKZk7.png After killing an enemy ward, a friendly Zombie Ward is raised in its place. Zombie Wards are visible, last for 180 seconds and don't count towards your ward limit. http://i.imgur.com/tI3zre1.gifv But what if you want an option that doesn't require enemy actions to make use of? Or one that loves you? That's where our next choice, Watchful Poro, comes in. **Watchful Poro** http://i.imgur.com/GD5n0T8.png When you enter brush, a poro appears. It will stay behind to give you vision until an enemy champion scares it away or you enter a new brush. http://i.imgur.com/s8dSP24.gifv _Sidenote_: You may notice this poro is definitely not a poro. This is what I mean with the temporary VFX - sometimes you need to use your imagination a little! We'll be getting this little guy a proper model and icon soon. We've seen Watchful Poro used for all kinds of interesting scenarios - personal protection against ganks, pointing out areas with wards for teammates or even deep warding early with some careful pathing. So at this point you may be thinking to yourself, what if I want to stalk my prey WITHOUT having to manage extra thingies in my game? Well, there's an option for that too - Trophy Collector. **Trophy Collector** http://i.imgur.com/uwGjaZg.png Gain +1 Ability Power or +.7 Attack Damage (Adaptive) when you or a nearby ally kill an enemy champion or an enemy ward. Trophy Collector still touches on the core fantasy and gameplay of stalking prey, but instead of focusing on the set up it's more concerned with the payoff. This rune is more unreliable compared to its neighbors but can offer more direct power as well, similar to other aggressive gambits like the Bloodlust rune in Precision. _______ So that's all three runes in this slot! Remember, the way the new runes work means that you can only ever have one of these in your page at a time - they're mutually exclusive. Really excited to read your thoughts and reactions for these runes! We'll be hanging around in the comments section for a while to answer questions and, if we're very lucky, maybe even meme. You can check the previous Runes Corner posts here: Runes Corner: [Runes Content Development Peek](https://boards.na.leagueoflegends.com/pt/c/developer-corner/MZd3jemX-runes-corner-runes-content-development-peek) Runes Corner: [Meteor Sneak Peek](https://boards.na.leagueoflegends.com/pt/c/developer-corner/nVHz5tjE-runes-corner-meteor-sneak-peek) Runes Corner: [Hunt of the Bloodmoon Sneak Peek](https://boards.na.leagueoflegends.com/pt/c/developer-corner/hFIemE4p-runes-corner-hunt-of-the-blood-moon-sneak-peek)
Title
Body Cancel
Save
Desktop 3D printers have offered makers their building chops for some time now, and Carbide 3D is looking to do the same with a highly capable CNC machine. This is the Nomad 883: a mill that takes building beyond ABS and PLA plastics to wood, brass, aluminum and more. The unit wields a brushless DC spindle motor that routs designs on an 8 x 8-inch machining area. Sure, we've seen compact CNC options before, all with varying degrees of utility and durability. Here, a solid aluminum frame is enclosed on the sides with either bamboo or plastic and there's a polycarbonate lid to keep noise and dust to a minimum -- key downsides to most CNC equipment. In terms of exact size, the Nomad ticks the tape at 19 x 17 x 16in. (around 48 x 43 x 40cm) and weighs in at a somewhat hefty 50lbs/22.68kg (for comparison, a MakerBot Replicator 2X is 39.25lbs/17.8kg). If you're looking to snag one, you'll have to wait for the fourth production run (set to ship in November) and be willing to part with $1,999. That's a $500 discount for Kickstarter backers, and the price tag includes a smattering of building materials and two software options to get things started.
As production gets underway on Star Wars Episode VIII, the script may be getting some last-minute revisions.
Rewrites are standard operating procedure in Hollywood, of course, and more often than not movies are being rewritten as they're actually filming (not a great idea, but they do it anyway). In the case of Episode VIII, they're not so far into shooting that we're talking about drastic action. But it does appear that whatever revisions are happening seem to be based more on the audience response to Star Wars: The Force Awakens than any inherent script problems.
So, what's the deal? Well, according to Jeff Sneider on the Meet the Movie Press Podcast (via Cinemablend), the script by Rian Johnson (who is also directing Episode VIII) is being revised to reduce the roles of two new female characters. It seems that with Rey (Daisy Ridley), Finn (John Boyega) and Poe (Oscar Isaac) making such a strong impression on fans in The Force Awakens, a decision has been made to focus more on them and less on introducing more new cast members:
"I said before there were two young female roles, now I actually heard that the rewrite will make these roles smaller. They want to get to know better the characters they already have. So the new rewrite is shrinking the new roles in order to spend more time with Rey, Poe and so on."
Since we don't know who these characters are or what their original importance to the story was, we have no idea about how reducing their screen time will impact the story in Episode VIII. But it seems like a reasonable enough idea to spend more of that time with the characters you've just introduced and get to know them better, while also servicing the classic cast members who are also returning.
Speaking of rewrites, a report over at Birth.Movies.Death indicates that Rogue One: A Star Wars Story has also gone through the same process -- but possibly on a larger scale. The original script was penned by Gary Whitta (Book of Eli), then Chris Weitz (The Golden Compass) took a pass at it. But even after that Lucasfilm wasn't quite satisfied with it, so they handed it over to Christopher McQuarrie, writer/director of the last two Mission: Impossible films and a noted "script doctor" in the business (he did a lot of work on World War Z, for instance).
From what BMD's sources say, McQuarrie -- whose name most likely won't show up in the credits -- "saved" the movie. Prequels, which is what Rogue One is, are inherently tough to make interesting since you already know where the story is headed. Hopefully this one will have the same charm and great characters we've gotten from the Star Wars saga in the past, along with at least a couple of surprises.
Star Wars Episode VIII is out May 26, 2017, while Rogue One arrives Dec. 16 of this year.
Burnley Football Club is delighted to confirm the signing of striker Chris Wood from Leeds United for a club record fee.
The New Zealand international joins the Clarets on a four-year deal to become manager Sean Dyche's sixth new signing of the summer transfer window.
Wood, 25, arrives at Turf Moor after finishing as leading scorer in the Championship last season with 27 goals for the Yorkshiremen.
He also scored on the opening day of the current season before ending a prolific two-year stay with Leeds, which brought him 44 goals in 88 games towards a career total of 101 goals in 293 club appearances.
And Wood's move to Burnley for an undisclosed fee means a long-awaited return to the Premier League following earlier brief spells in the top flight with West Bromwich Albion and Leicester City.
“My ambition has been to play in the Premier League for years,” Wood told Clarets Player HD.
“I've had tastes of being in there but I've never had the chance to give it a proper bash.
“Coming here I feel I've got a proper opportunity to do that. I've never started a Premier League game and this what I want to do.
“This is a club that wants to stay in the Premier League for years to come and it's going that way.
"The squad has done fantastically over the last couple of years to put themselves in the position they are now.
“There have been some great additions this summer, which I'm sure has given everyone an added boost, to move forward and cement us as a Premier League team and looking on further up the league.
“The manager has given me a lot of confidence and backed me to bring me here, which is what you want.
“I've still got a lot of good years ahead of me. I've got lots of ambitions to achieve in the future. I've got goals and dreams that I want to achieve and it starts here.”
Wood helped both West Brom and Leicester win promotion to the top tier, going up alongside Burnley in 2014 as the Foxes finished as Championship winners.
He also claimed a League One title-winner's medal from a successful loan spell at Brighton during 2010/11, which came in between loan stays in the Championship with Barnsley, Birmingham, Bristol City and Millwall.
Auckland-born Wood has scored 20 times in 52 appearances for New Zealand and, as well playing in the 2010 World Cup as an 18-year-old, became the youngest captain of the ‘All Whites' when he led the side for the first time in November, 2014.
Wood is eligible to play for Burnley in the Carabao Cup after being an unused substitute in Leeds' opening-round win over Port Vale and will be available for Wednesday night's second-round tie at Blackburn Rovers.
Andrew Burton / Getty Images Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid on October 12, 2013 in Washington, DC.
The adults may have finally entered the room, five days before the debt-limit deadline that could trigger economic catastrophe.
While House Republicans held a pep rally in the basement of the Capitol on Saturday morning, Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell joined Majority Leader Harry Reid in his office, starting the negotiation process that will reopen the government and avert a U.S. default. The senior Democratic senator from New York, Chuck Schumer, and the senior Republican senator from Tennessee, Lamar Alexander, were also in the room.
Saturday's meeting, the first of significance between McConnell and Reid since the summer recess, signals a softening in the fierce impasse that has permeated the halls of Congress. Senators said Saturday that they will be the ones to lead the country back to the path of fiscal responsibility.
“At this point they have dealt themselves out of this process,” Senate Democratic Whip Dick Durbin (D-Ill.) said of the House. “They cannot agree among themselves. That makes it extremely difficult to take them seriously. ”
“I think that it's time,” said Sen. Kelly Ayotte (R-N.H.). “The House hasn't come forward with a plan today.” She added, “If there is a way that the Senate can come forth with something that opens up the government and addresses the debt ceiling in a responsible way, then obviously we should try to do it.”
The Senate, where a supermajority of 60 is required for most votes, has also been in a state of deadlock as of late, even if not on the same level as the House. The Senate failed Saturday to pass a Democratic bill that would raise the debt ceiling through 2014 without any spending cuts or changes to Obamacare.
The most detailed proposal offered by Senate Republicans, led by Sen. Susan Collins (R-Maine), has little support in the House or Senate. That plan would extend the debt ceiling through January, continue funding the government at sequester levels for six months, and allow more flexibility in administering the federal budget cuts under sequestration. The plan, which hasn't been scheduled for a floor vote, would delay the Obamacare medical device tax for two years and require income verification for Americans seeking subsidies for Obamacare.
House Republicans believe that the proposal is a move to block them from the bargaining table, and House Speaker John Boehner has advocated for just a six-week debt limit extension. Senate Democrats also widely decried the Collins plan, saying that the spending level is too low, among other major concerns.
“There's all kind of ad hoc conversations taking place,” said Sen. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.). “The real conversation that matters now is the one taking place between McConnell and Reid.”
“There are people that have different proposals floating around,” said Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.). “There are probably four or five of those, but the proposal that will get the leadership of the House and the Senate and the President is not out there at this time.”
Orchard Park, N.Y. — Even before Doug Marrone surprisingly opted out of his contract on Wednesday night, one name kept coming up as his potential replacement as Buffalo Bills head coach.
Former Bills quarterback and current San Diego Chargers offensive coordinator Frank Reich is the lead candidate for Buffalo's head coach vacancy, according to Jason La Canfora of CBS Sports.
Adam Schefter reported Wednesday that the Jets have already asked permission to interview Reich, so the Bills won't be his only suitors.
Here are a few things to know about the Bills' head coaching candidate.
Long history in Buffalo
Reich spent 10 seasons with the Buffalo Bills after the team drafted him in the third round of the 1985 NFL Draft. While he spent most of his Bills career backing up Hall of Famer Jim Kelly, Reich is famous for leading the biggest comeback in NFL history: A 41-38 overtime win over the Houston Oilers in a wildcard playoff game after trailing 35-3. Needless to say, Reich holds a special place in Bills history. New Bills owner Terry Pegula brought in plenty of former Sabres when he took over that franchise, and that could be an indication of his behavior in the NFL.
Bill Polian brought Frank Reich to Carolina
Multiple reports suggest that former Bills, Colts and Panthers general manager Bill Polian could be brought in as the Bills' team president sooner rather than later. Guess who Polian made his first quarterback with the Panthers back in the expansion draft in 1995: Frank Reich. If you're looking for a connection, there it is.
He's worked under successful head coaches
OK, so Reich has plenty of ties to the Bills, but can he coach? Well, he's somewhat new to coaching in the NFL, but he's rising up the rankings quickly. It's worth pointing out that Reich started his career under Colts coach Tony Dungy before moving on to coach with the Cardinals under Ken Whisenhunt, who helped Arizona get to the Super Bowl. Most recently, Reich coached under Mike McCoy in San Diego, where Reich was his offensive coordinator.
How did he do as offensive coordinator?
Reich got his first crack at being an offensive coordinator and calling plays in 2014, and he had mixed results. The Chargers looked like one of the best offensive teams in the league early in the season, but they faltered a bit due to injuries and other factors. Still, in terms of yards per game, San Diego's passing offense was in the top 10. Overall, their offense ended up in the middle of the pack by most statistical measures.
Reich is a motivational speaker
While Reich doesn't have head coaching experience at any level, he does have experience as a motivational speaker. He uses his faith and his football experience in his speaking. There is no guarantee that will translate when it comes to motivating an NFL locker room, but it provides a bit of insight into Reich as a person.
This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form.
AMY GOODMAN: It is the 50th anniversary of the Black Panthers. This week, the British website Spiked published an article in which Elaine Brown, former chair of the Black Panther Party, said, quote, “Black Lives Matter has a plantation mentality.” She added, quote, “The next wave of young people running out here, who are complaining and protesting about the murders of young black men and women by the police all over the country, they will protest but they will not rise up in an organized fashion, with an agenda, to create revolutionary change. … We advocated community self-defense organizations to be formed, so that we would not be assaulted by the police, so that we would bear arms and assume our human rights.” Your response to Elaine Brown's critique, and then the trajectory from Black Panthers to Black Lives Matter?
SHAUN KING: Well, you know, I love the Black Panther Party. I spent some time over the past few weeks with Bobby Seale, the co-founder of the Black Panther Party. And he loves the Black Lives Matter movement and has been immensely supportive, encouraging, not only to me but to many activists. So I was disappointed in what—in what Elaine said. And I know Elaine. I've talked with her many times.
When Elaine got involved in the Black Panther Party, it was about two years old. And that's where we are in the Black Lives Matter movement, as well. And so, I think some of what she did was she evaluated the totality of the Black Panther Party and all that it accomplished in 10 years, and compared it to where we are right now in year two. And so, it's an unfair comparison to say where we are in year two compared to where the Black Panther Party was in year two. Two years in, it literally only had 4,000 or 5,000 people, the Black Panther Party, that were committed to it, to its practices. And it was still trying to determine where it went and what it would do. And so, I think if you look at where we are now versus where the Black Panther Party was at this same time, I think we're doing well.
I understand her criticism saying, you know, what are they doing compared to what they accomplished. But even some of us look at the dangers of what happened to Black Panther leaders, from targeted assassinations to COINTELPRO, and some of the lessons that we learned from them has caused us to change our methods. And so, the Black Lives Matter movement is not a carbon copy of what the Black Panther Party did. How we do what we do will be uniquely different. Our time is different. So, I respect her, revere her and admire her, but I was disappointed to read some of what she said.
JUAN GONZÁLEZ: And more importantly, the Black Panther Party was an organization, Black Lives Matter is a movement, which has come up, really, in a spontaneous fashion from all around the country, whereas the Panthers started in one place as a disciplined organization. It's a very different form of attempting to achieve social change.
SHAUN KING: Sure. And what I found is, not just with Elaine, but with many of our elders, is that they are unaware that the Black Lives Matter movement does have a comprehensive platform, that there are hundreds of organizations that see themselves as a part of this movement in all 50 states all across the country, and they have the own policy platforms. And it's difficult for one person, her or anybody else, to wrap their mind around the specific fights and battles that we are fighting. So a lot of people just aren't informed to how organized this movement really is.
AMY GOODMAN: Shaun King, before we wrap, injustice boycott initiative, explain what it is in this last minute.
SHAUN KING: Yeah, on December the 5th, hundreds of thousands of us are coming together to boycott injustice in this country. And what we mean by that is, we believe there are not only cities and states which continue to underwrite the cost of injustice, that continue to back it and support it, be it police brutality or racial violence, but also corporations that are behind it and either say nothing or do nothing or, even worse than that, are specifically backing the police departments which continue to be brutal all over this country. So we're launching a targeted boycott on December the 5th, not for a day or two days, but our model really is the Montgomery Bus Boycott, which lasted for 381 days until they saw change. So—
AMY GOODMAN: Do you have corporations targeted?
SHAUN KING: We do, and we'll be announcing those on December the 5th. And we're holding our cards close to our chest until then, but we do have corporations we'll be targeting, as well.
AMY GOODMAN: So, Shaun King, we want to thank you so much for being with us, Black Lives Matter activist, senior justice writer for the New York Daily News. And we will link to your columns at democracynow.org.
SHAUN KING: Thank you.
Man charged over Indian cabbie's bashing
Updated
A man has been charged over an attack on a Indian taxi driver in Ballarat, in Victoria's west, early this morning.
Police say the man from Navigators, near Ballarat, racially abused and bashed the 24-year-old taxi driver at a Skipton Street service station about 2:00am (AEST).
The taxi driver was not badly hurt in the attack.
The 48-year-old Navigators man has been charged with two counts of unlawful assault, one count of making threats to kill, and one count of criminal damage.
He will appear in the Ballarat Magistrates Court later today.
The President of the Ballarat Indian Association, Khushi Maharaj, says media reports of other attacks may be fuelling copycats.
"It may have been because of the media blow-out in Melbourne and other cities that this sort of thing is creeping into Ballarat also," Mr Maharaj said.
"I think it's too much of the media exposure like that sometimes breeds jealousy also and it spreads."
Mr Maharaj says the bashing will damage Ballarat's reputation.
"I am really surprised about it because I have never heard of a taxi driver being bashed in Ballarat," he said.
"I am a bit disappointed because I thought Ballarat was a very friendly place and we never expected something to happen here."
The chairman of the Ballarat Taxi Co-operative, Stephen Armstrong, says he is grateful the driver was not badly hurt, but says he is disappointed by the attack.
"It's just sad that a guy's out there going about his business, providing a service for the patrons of Ballarat, and has to suffer that kind of verbal abuse and physical abuse just going about the course of his duties," Mr Armstrong said.
Topics: assault, crime, ballarat-3350, vic, navigators-3352
First posted
Only independent distributors will be allowed to bid on the director's latest film, after his last two movies were released by the international arms of Sony and Universal, respectively
After sleeping with the studios with Django Unchained and Inglourious Basterds, Quentin Tarantino is getting back to his indie roots with his upcoming film, The Hateful Eight.
The Weinstein Co., which is producing the director's upcoming Western as well as handling world sales at AFM, is only accepting offers from independent distributors for the film.
This contrasts with Django Unchained, which Columbia Pictures co-produced and Sony bowed in multiple territories, including Japan, Germany and the U.K., and Inglourious Basterds, which Universal's global arm, UIP, handled in most of Europe as well as Australia and Argentina and other territories.
Buyers told The Hollywood Reporter that Tarantino explicitly requested that only indies be allowed to bid on Hateful Eight, which stars Samuel L. Jackson, Kurt Russell, Jennifer Jason Leigh, Demian Bichir, Walton Goggins, Tim Roth, Michael Madsen and Bruce Dern. The film will begin shooting in Telluride next month.
It is unclear whether Tarantino had issues with the studios' handling of his last two films or if he simply wished to reward the indie distributors who have supported him in the past. Before Inglourious Basterds, all the director's movies were distributed almost exclusively through independent companies worldwide.
It likely helps that Hateful Eight, with a reported budget of $44 million, is substantially cheaper than either Django or Basterds, making it easier for indies to get onboard.
It certainly seems as if The Weinstein Co. will have no problem finding distribution for the movie. The company is believed to be fielding multiple offers from all major international territories and is expected to sell out the film by this weekend.
Twitter:@sroxborough
By JACQUELINE FERNANDEZ
EAGLE ROCK — The 17th annual Eagle Rock Music Festival is making its comeback on August 20 after being postponed last year.
The event, which has booked 35 acts, is among the largest free music festivals in Los Angeles and is expected to attract tens of thousands of people. But the community didn't want it growing so large that the festival lost its neighborhood feel. The Center for the Arts Eagle Rock, the event's organizers, worked with Councilman José Huizar's office to re-work the festival to make it more intimate. The center will announce ERMF's musical line-up in the coming weeks.
“We talked with the Center for the Arts and we all agreed that we wanted to be make sure it retained its local roots,” said Paul Habib, Chief of Staff of Council District 14. “We also wanted to continue to make sure it was free to the public, it was manageable and it was family-friendly. We love the event and we want to keep it in that mold.”
Council District 14 also helped the center by giving them direct funds and assisting them with rentals and street closure permits. The center also worked with the Eagle Rock Neighborhood Council, community leaders, their partner venues, local businesses, Occidental College and residents to showcase Northeast L.A.
Guests will see a few new changes this year.
According to Melinda Ann Farrell, Executive Director of the Center for the Arts, there will be a dedicated locals stage on the festival route.
Other new features include a visual arts component along Colorado Boulevard. “Eastside artists and children from our afterschool arts program, Imagine Studio, will have their artwork showcased throughout the festival,” said Farrell.
Neighborhood restaurants will be another focal point of the festival, with neighborhood eateries offering special menus.
After postponing last year's festival, the organizers had initially said the event would be held this spring. But due to scheduling conflicts, the date was pushed back until August. However, the new date will mean the Eagle Rock Music Festival will compete with Echo Park Rising, another large music and arts festival, that will take place on the same weekend.
For those ERMF fans who miss this year's event, they will be glad to hear that some of the musical acts will be featured in a year-around showcase at the Center for the Arts' home on Colorado Boulevard.
“We are launching a monthly Locals Night music series at Center for the Arts Eagle Rock,” Farrell said. “This will allow us to present new talent we've discovered through the festival. With so much great music out there, it makes sense to bring it to the community all year round.”
Jacqueline Fernandez is a Los Angeles-based reporter who's written for various media outlets such as Los Angeles Wave, The Miami Herald and WLRN-Miami Herald News.
Got a story, tip, question or photo to share? Submit it here
Submit An Event
Submit An Event
© Daniel Borris for The New York Times Hunter Garth, 26, a veteran who fought in Afghanistan: “I pulled the trigger. You didn't. Don't take that away from me.”
HUNTER GARTH was in a gunfight for his life — and about to lose.
He and seven other Marines were huddled in a mud hut, their only refuge after they walked into an ambush in Trek Nawa, a Taliban stronghold in Afghanistan. Down to his last 15 bullets, one buddy already terribly wounded, Mr. Garth pulled off his helmet, smoked a cheap Afghan cigarette, and “came to terms with what was happening.”
“I'm going to die here with my best friends,” he recalled thinking.
I didn't know any of this — nor the remarkable story of his survival that day — when I met him two months ago in Colorado while reporting for an article about the marijuana industry, for which Mr. Garth and his company provide security. But I did know he was a vet and so I did what seemed natural: I thanked him for his service.
“No problem,” he said.
It wasn't true. There was a problem. I could see it from the way he looked down. And I could see it on the faces of some of the other vets who work with Mr. Garth when I thanked them too. What gives, I asked? Who doesn't want to be thanked for their military service?
Many people, it turns out. Mike Freedman, a Green Beret, calls it the “thank you for your service phenomenon.” To some recent vets — by no stretch all of them — the thanks comes across as shallow, disconnected, a reflexive offering from people who, while meaning well, have no clue what soldiers did over there or what motivated them to go, and who would never have gone themselves nor sent their own sons and daughters.
To these vets, thanking soldiers for their service symbolizes the ease of sending a volunteer army to wage war at great distance — physically, spiritually, economically. It raises questions of the meaning of patriotism, shared purpose and, pointedly, what you're supposed to say to those who put their lives on the line and are uncomfortable about being thanked for it.
Mr. Garth, 26, said that when he gets thanked it can feel self-serving for the thankers, suggesting that he did it for them, and that they somehow understand the sacrifice, night terrors, feelings of loss and bewilderment. Or don't think about it at all.
“I pulled the trigger,” he said. “You didn't. Don't take that away from me.”
The issue has been percolating for a few years, elucidated memorably in “Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk,” a 2012 National Book Award finalist about a group of soldiers being feted at halftime of a Dallas Cowboys game. The soldiers express dread over people rushing to offer thanks, pregnant with obligation and blood lust and “their voices throbbing like lovers.”
The issue has also surfaced, at least tangentially, with Brian Williams's admission that he'd exaggerated about being in a Chinook helicopter hit by enemy fire. In explaining his failed memory, the NBC News anchor said: “This was a bungled attempt by me to thank one special veteran and by extension our brave military men and women veterans everywhere, those who have served while I did not.”
© Daniel Borris for The New York Times Michael Freedman
The idea of giving thanks while not participating themselves is one of the core vet quibbles, said Mr. Freedman, the Green Beret. The joke has become so prevalent, he said, that servicemen and women sometimes walk up to one another pretending to be “misty-eyed” and mockingly say “Thanks for your service.”
Mr. Freedman, 33, feels like the thanks “alleviates some of the civilian guilt,” adding: “They have no skin in the game with these wars. There's no draft.”
No real opinions either, he said. “At least with Vietnam, people spit on you and you knew they had an opinion.”
“Thank you for your service,” he said, is almost the equivalent of “I haven't thought about any of this.”
For most of us, I suspect, offering thanks reflects genuine appreciation — even if ill-defined. It was a dirty job and someone had to do it. If not these men and women, then us or our children.
Tim O'Brien, a Vietnam vet and the author of the acclaimed book “The Things They Carried,” told me that his war's vets who believed in the mission like to be thanked. Others, himself included, find that “something in the stomach tumbles” from expressions of appreciation that are so disconnected from the “evil, nasty stuff you do in war.”
The more so, he said, “when your war turns out to have feet of clay” — whether fighting peasants in Vietnam or in the name of eradicating weapons of mass destruction that never materialized.
But doesn't their sacrifice merit thanks? “Patriotic gloss,” responded Mr. O'Brien, an unofficial poet laureate of war who essentially elevates the issue to the philosophical; to him, we're thanking without having the courage to ask whether the mission is even right.
It's hard to assess how widespread such ideas are among the men and women of today's generation. So, rather than try to sum up what invariably are many views on the subject, I'll relate more of Mr. Garth's story.
He grew up in Florida, son of a Vietnam vet, grandson of a decorated World War II vet, himself a bit of a class clown who drank his way out of college and wound up working the docks. The Marines offered a chance to make something of himself and, despite his parents' pleadings otherwise, to fight.
It wasn't what he romanticized. First training and waiting. Then the reality that he might die, along with his friends — 17 of them did, in action, by accident or by suicide. And, he now asks, for what?
His ideas about the need to prove himself slipped away, along with any patriotic fervor. He hates it when people dismiss the Taliban as imbeciles when he saw them as cunning warriors. To Mr. Garth, the war became solely about survival among brothers in arms.
Like that day in September 2011 when Mr. Garth was surrounded in the hut. A last-ditch call for help over the radio prompted a small group of fellow Marines to run three miles to save the day, one of them carrying 170 pounds of gear, including a 22-pound machine gun and 50 pounds of ammo.
THE thanks Mr. Garth gets today remind him of both the bad times and the good, all of which carry more meaning than he has now in civilian life. Hardest is the gratitude from parents of fallen comrades. “That's the most painful thank you,” he said. “It's not for me, and I'm not your son.”
He struggled to explain his irritation. “It's not your fault,” he said of those thanking him. “But it's not my fault either.”
So what to say to a vet? Maybe promise to vote next time, Mr. Freedman said, or offer a scholarship or job (as, he said, some places have stepped up and done). Stand up for what's right, suggested Mr. O'Brien. Give $100 to a vet, Ben Fountain, author of the “Billy Lynn” book, half-joked, saying it would at least show some sacrifice on the thanker's part.
Mr. Garth appreciates thanks from someone who makes an effort to invest in the relationship and experience. Or a fellow vet who gets it. Several weeks ago, he visited one of his soul mates from the mud hut firefight, which they refer to as the Battle of the Unmarked Compound. They drank Jameson whiskey in gulps.
“We cried in each other's arms until we both could tell each other we loved each other,” Mr. Garth said. “We each said, thank you for what you've done for me.”
Going strong since 1994!
This is a fun, relaxing auto-free ride through Central Park. Enjoy the tranquillity of the park & its beautiful ponds & waterways: a nature lover's dream. Totally safe. Bike guides front & rear.
Meet at 10 p.m., Columbus Circle (SW corner of Central Park). Check the calendar for upcoming ride dates (usually on the first Friday of a month, but no longer every month as of fall 2018).
The ride moves at a very leisurely pace with a few stops to enjoy the scenery. We usually finish before midnight, back at Columbus Circle. Total mileage is under 10 miles. We do not require lights (although if you have them you should bring them), and any kind of bike will work.
Here's what others have to say about the Moonlight Ride:
"Cycling and Socializing in Central Park" -- New York Times, 2012
"Conventional wisdom says that when the sun goes down it is time to leave the local park. But riders at the Central Park Moonlight Rides in New York are far from conventional. . . . They pass up urban night life to enjoy the tranquillity of an automobile-free park and a perspective on nature accessible at night." -- New York Times, April 2006
"There's an easy, unqualifiable magic to taking the park by moonlight on two wheels. It's like pedaling into a fairy tale: Gliding past the lake, monuments, through dense patches of trees, we fight to hush our own giggles, reticent to break the park's library quiet or scare off any park residents (fauna or faerie)." -- New York Press, Best of Summer 2005
"Entering Central Park at night is generally as taboo as eating dinner before eight. But one Friday each month, it's not only a a viable option but a magical one. . . . The evening was like a trip to the country -- except for the spectacular shimmering skyline hovering above us like a halo." -- Time Out New York, April 27, 2000
"In the waning hours of the first Friday of each month, a group of bicyclists converges on Central Park for a spin through the dark corners of Manhattan's largest yard. If you're feeling worn out from a long week at work, don't worry: you can ride at any pace you like, since the ride's organizers . . . post riders not only at the front of the group but also at the rear." --The New Yorker, October 9, 2000
"Move over, E.T. If you're in the mood for a memorable moonlight ride, circle Oct. 4 on your calendar. The first Friday of each month, Time's Up, an environmental group, leads a nighttime spin through Central Park." -- New York Daily News, September 30, 2002
Moonlight Ride FAQ
Q. How long is the Moonlight Ride?
A. It lasts under two hours, finishing where we started (at Columbus Circle) before midnight. In distance, it is less than ten miles, through some very interesting terrain.
Q. Where does the Moonlight Ride go?
A. The ride stays in Central Park, staying on the Loop Road and paths throughout the park. If the ride goes on a gravel path, there will be an alternate paved route for rollerbladers and others who wish an easier ride.
Q. Do I need a mountain bike for the Moonlight Ride?
A. No. A mountain bike is fine, but lots of people use ten speeds, and BMX bikes, and tandems, and fold-ups, and cruisers, and all manners of bicycles. It's often fun to go just to see the different types of bicycles people ride.
Q. Can I go on the Moonlight Ride with rollerblades?
A. Yes, many people do. We would recommend that you are quite competent though as the pace is medium and there are small uphills and downhills to contend with. Also, you might want to bring a flashlight with you to watch the road surface.
Q. Are lights and a helmet required for the Moonlight Ride?
A. We recommend lights as it is quite dark inside the park. Since bicycles are hard to see, we think it is a good idea to have lights on for any ride at night. But it is okay to come if you don't have lights. Helmets are not mandatory, but we recommend them too.
Q. Isn't it dangerous to be in Central Park at night?
A. No, not at all. First, the dangers of Central Park are exaggerated, it's a relatively safe place well patrolled by the police. Second, we are a group that sticks together, which increases the safety even more.
Q. Is the Moonlight Ride all year around?
A. It was monthly all year round for almost 25 years! Now we are taking a break and not leading it every month, so check the calendar to see when the next ride is.
Year 2011 Publisher Queen Games Author Donald X. Vaccarino Players 2 - 4 Age 8 - 199 Time 45
Strategy Luck Interaction Components & Design Complexity Score
And the king looked upon his kingdom, and he saw wide emptiness with not a single village in his realm. Only a couple of castles and some special locations were spread throughout the lands. And the king saw that there was no way to create a sustainable economic system without enough commoners. He called upon the master builders of his realm, and he spoke thus: “Go out, and build villages in a completely willy-nilly way across the land. The first three of my subjects you meet outside will tell you how they prefer the villages to be spread out. Please them and you shall be rewarded. And I don't want to hear any criticism against this plan, I am the king around here, you know?”
The customer is, literally, king
And so we, the master builders of the realm, set out to build a kingdom. The landscape of the kingdom is randomly built – the creator of this world had the same attention span as the king – from four of the eight available map quarters, each of which with a hex raster of fields. No matter which quarters those are, there are always five kinds of useful landscape: grass, canyon, desert, flower field – yes, really – and forest. There are also two less useful kinds of landscape: water and mountain. Spread around each quarter you'll also find one or two castles and one or two special locations that are unique to that map piece. Once you have the landscape build, you have to find the king's three random subjects to tell you how they'd like their villages to be laid out. The king's plan to build his kingdom this way isn't exactly the most sane one, but he's paying well and can have you tortured if you disobey.
Some of the king's subjects are even sensible about this whole plan: the Miners and Fishermen, for example, want villages build next to mountains and water. The Merchants want you to build connections between locations on the map – castles and special fields – to use as trade routes, Workers want you to build around those fields because that is where they find work. Citizens and Hermits are harder to please, but still somewhat sensible: one wants one big, connected area of villages, the other wants as many separate areas as he can. (Come on, dude! You're a hermit, just stay away from the villages.) Having those two in the same game makes for a fun contradiction in scoring points. The same goes for the remaining two pairs which also abandon all pretense of sanity in their demands and just delight in bossing you around. While the Lords give points to the player with the most villages in each quarter of the map the Farmers reward the most even distribution. And, worst of all, Discoverers and Knights demand that you build villages in many different horizontal (east to west) lines or many villages in one of those lines, respectively. As I said, completely bonkers. You can't expect sane subjects under a mad king, can you? The fish's smell starts at the head, as the German saying goes.
But at least now we figured out what the king will rewards us for. If those goals are contradictory, well, tough luck. Or good luck, really, because those games tend to be the most interesting. To get the king's rewards, it's time we started building villages. Each turn, you play your one hand card – not much choice involved there, you really only have one hand card – and place three of your houses on the landscape shown on your card. The placement is made interesting by one detail in the rules: you have to build adjacent to your houses already on the map if you can. The “if you can” part is important here, because you'll spend quite some time and ingenuity in Kingdom Builder making sure that you can not place new houses next to the existing ones. If you cannot build next to your existing villages, you may build anywhere on the map that is the right kind of landscape, and that is good for scoring – depending on which crazy people you're trying to please, at least – as well as for your special actions.
Special actions are the fun twist in the game. You gain them from building villages next to the special locations on the map. Not the castles, they are boring and will only give you points when the game ends. Nothing interesting ever happens in a castle. But the other locations hold chips with special actions that you may take when building around that location, and start using on your next turn. Five of them let you build additional settlements on your turn: one more on the landscape your card showed (Oracle), on Grass or Desert (Farm and Oasis), on the edge of the map (Tower) or as a continuation of a line with at least three villages (Tavern). All of those villages have to be next to your existing ones as well, just like the regular ones. Three more special actions allow you to move one of your villages: either onto the terrain your card shows (Barn), or onto a water field somewhere (Harbor) – the king is experimenting with floating houses, the inhabitants didn't comment on that beyond “blubb”. Finally, the paddock allows you to move one village by two fields along a straight line and is easily the most useful in games where you have it: as the only special action, it ignores the rule to play next to another village if possible, so you can jump your villages around any way you like.
We ran into one rare but annoying balance problem with the special abilities: for unknown reasons, there are only two oracle and harbor tiles available while all the other specials have four. We – randomly, I swear – set up a four player game with the oracle and the three moving abilities. The first two players grabbed the oracles and, since the game ends when one player has all his houses on the board, ended the game while the two unfortunate players where still sitting on eight villages each. Needless to say, they didn't have a chance to catch up in points. But the mad king probably had a good reason to create his kingdom like that. Any other setup we tried, the special abilities seemed perfectly balanced and created a nice tension between grabbing them and fulfilling the various contradicting scoring requirements. Very rarely is a turn in Kingdom Builder obvious, you always have to consider multiple factors.
You really shouldn't worry much about the aforementioned balance issue, though. It was annoying, but there is little chance of it coming up again. In Kingdom Builder, you get 1680 different game boards. You also get 120 possible combinations of scoring rules, giving you a total of 201.600 possible game setups. At least if my permutations formulae from school haven't left me entirely. Even if they did, Donald X. Vaccarino's Spiel des Jahres 2012 allows for a ton of different game setups and, believe it or not, each of them does play slightly differently. That's pretty amazing for a game with basic rules as simple as this one.
I saw and heard many complaints on the interwebs about the “one hand card” thing, saying that it didn't leave you enough choice in your actions. To those people I say: I completely disagree, only having one hand card is a stroke of genius in this game – and only in this one, don't misquote me on that! – and probably the only thing that makes Kingdom Builder work at all. I was unconvinced before I tried the game as well, but if you had three or even five hand cards, you could play almost everywhere on every turn. The game would be utterly boring. Only having one card is a restriction that forces you to be creative with the means at your disposal, and it's good exactly as it is. It seems a bit odd to have one hand card, but just think about it as drawing a card on your turn while giving you time to think on the other players' turns. Kingdom Builder plays quickly and fluidly despite the multiple scoring rules to consider.
Of course, having only one card does introduce a portion of luck, but it's the point of the game to manage that luck by building smartly and making good use of your special actions. It's rare that you lose a game only because your cards were bad. Just because of this small element of luck and because of the restrictions coming from having only one card, Kingdom Builder is a fun, engaging game that you can play with your gamer friends as well as with your family, and a deserving Spiel des Jahres winner. But when playing with your family, try and hold back on the blocking moves: you can play Kingdom Builder with a high degree of nastiness, getting into everyone's way wherever you can, but playing peacefully is just as fun.
“Well done, master builder, ” the king said as his servants piled up gold coins around the winner. “I especially liked that part where you dumped all those villages in the water just to have a perfect east-west line. Truly inspired. Now, I've been thinking what this kingdom really needs is a couple of volcanos… what say you?”
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Email
Like this: Like Loading...
UK Jobless Rate Holds Steady at 44-Year Low
The unemployment rate in the UK came in at 4 percent in the fourth quarter of 2018, its lowest level since the 1970s and in line with market expectations. The number of unemployed fell by 14,000 on the quarter while employment increased by 167,000. Earnings growth held at 3.4 percent on the year in Q4, the biggest rise since the three months to July 2008.
There were an estimated 1.36 million unemployed people, 14,000 fewer than for July to September 2018 and 100,000 fewer than for a year earlier. The unemployment rate was estimated at 4.0 percent, it has not been lower since December 1974 to February 1975.
There were an estimated 32.60 million people in work, 167,000 more than for July to September 2018 and 444,000 more than for a year earlier. The employment rate was estimated at 75.8 percent, higher than for a year earlier (75.2 percent) and the joint-highest since comparable estimates began in 1971. There were an estimated 844,000 people (not seasonally adjusted) in employment on zero-hours contracts in their main job, 57,000 fewer than for a year earlier.
There were an estimated 8.63 million people aged from 16 to 64 years who were economically inactive, 94,000 fewer than for July to September 2018 and 153,000 fewer than for a year earlier. The economic inactivity rate was estimated at 20.9 percent, the lowest figure since comparable estimates began in 1971.
Latest estimates show that average weekly earnings for employees in Great Britain in nominal terms (that is, not adjusted for price inflation) increased by 3.4 percent both excluding and including bonuses compared with a year earlier. Average weekly earnings for employees in Great Britain in real terms (that is, adjusted for price inflation) increased by 1.2 percent excluding bonuses, and by 1.3 percent including bonuses, compared with a year earlier.
A Mississippi woman, who was arrested last summer for attempting to fly to Syria to join the Islamic State and then pleaded guilty to federal terrorism charges has been handed a twelve-year prison sentence.
Jaelyn Delshaun Young, 20, was arrested on August 8 of last year along with her 22-year-old boyfriend, Muhammad Oda Dakhlalla, at an airport near Columbus, Mississippi. Federal authorities said the pair intended to join the Islamic State forces in Syria. They were officially charged with attempting and conspiring to provide material support to a terrorist group.
Authorities say she was radicalized as a student at the Mississippi State University.
Federal investigators presented a long series of Internet communications in court showing Young's efforts to arrange passage to Syria for herself and her boyfriend as well as communications between the young woman and representatives of the ISIS terror group in the Middle East.
Young, the daughter of a Vicksburg, MS, police officer, was facing up to twenty years. On Thursday, U.S. District Judge Sharion Aycock passed the sentence of twelve years as the woman's parents pleaded for leniency, according to the Associated Press.
The convicted woman sobbed during the proceedings and claimed she was ashamed of her actions.
Her boyfriend faces his own sentencing on August 24.
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com.
More and more entities are getting rid of Windows and are adopting Linux. It's time now for NASA and ISS to take this important step.
According to the Linux Foundation, who is helping NASA with the transition from one operating system to another, the process is well underway.
“We migrated key functions from Windows to Linux because we needed an operating system that was stable and reliable – one that would give us in-house control. So if we needed to patch, adjust or adapt, we could,” stated Keith Chuvala, leader of the Laptops and Network Integration Teams.
According to The Linux Foundation, Keith Chuvala oversees the developers in charge of writing and integrating software for the Station's “OpsLAN” – a network of laptops that provide the ISS crew with vital capabilities for day-to-day operations.
This is a very big step for NASA, but it shouldn't come as a surprise. Many scientific facilities are running Linux solutions, including the LHC, for example.
German police have used water cannons to disperse PEGIDA demonstrators in Cologne. The anti-immigration movement were rallying against a rash of assaults on women, blamed on migrants in the city on New Year's Eve.
Over a thousand supporters of the far-right movement took part in the protest in the center of the western German city on Saturday. They chanted “expulsion,” while waving German flags and other banners inscribed with slogans such as “Rapefugees not welcome.”
“Merkel must go” was another popular rallying cry with the demonstrators. The far-right supporters are infuriated with German Chancellor Angela Merkel for her soft stance on refugees, and statements that the country could accept over a million asylum seekers.
Scuffles between the police and PEGIDA supporters started after the demonstrators hurled firecrackers and beer bottles at law enforcers. When they continued to throw projectiles, police deployed two water cannons and used pepper spray to disperse the group. Supporters of the anti-immigration movement were then herded towards an area near the city's station.
The police in Cologne could also be seen making a number of arrests of those supporting the PEGIDA movement. A police spokeswoman said the PEGIDA protest had attracted some 1,700 people, half of whom she described as coming from the “hooligan scene,” Reuters reported.
Supporters of PEGIDA were met by a counter-demonstration from leftist groups and activists. The two rival factions were kept apart by a large police presence.
The anti-PEGIDA supporters chanted “Nazi pigs” and “Nazi's out.” One slogan on a sign held by a demonstrator read: “There is nothing right about Nazi propaganda,” while another stated: “Fascism is not an opinion, it is a crime,” AFP reported.
Counter-PEGIDA demo shouting loud and clear: "Nazis out!" pic.twitter.com/zvEAHyqgxm — Dana Regev (@Dana_Regev) January 9, 2016
On Friday, Chancellor Merkel announced she would be taking a tougher stance against refugees who break the law.
The number of cases filed because of violence during the New Year's celebrations has reached 379, police said in a statement on Saturday. It added that 40 percent of the cases related to sexual assault.
"Those in focus of criminal police investigations are mostly people from North African countries. The majority of them are asylum seekers and people who are in Germany illegally," police said.
READ MORE: Merkel's party proposes tougher laws on asylum-seekers in Germany
"The right to asylum can be lost if someone is convicted on probation or jailed," Merkel said on Saturday, following a meeting of the leadership of her Christian Democrats (CDU) party, as cited by Reuters.
"Serial offenders who repeatedly rob or repeatedly affront women must feel the full force of the law," Merkel told journalists in Mainz, adding that she would look to stem the flow of refugees crossing Germany's borders.
Patrick Brown says he will ignore Kathleen Wynne's "baseless" threat of legal action over his comments about the Sudbury byelection scandal trial.
On Tuesday, Brown told reporters at Queen's Park that Wynne may only provide answers about the scandal "when she stands trial."
In a letter to the Progressive Conservative leader, Wynne's lawyer Jack B. Siegel called that statement defamatory and said the premier would "enforce her legal rights to the full extent of the law."
"Contrary to your statement, Premier Wynne is not standing trial. Your statement is false and misleading and appears to have been made with the intention to harm the reputation of Ms. Wynne," he wrote.
Brown was asked to retract the statement and issue an apology by 5 p.m. Thursday. It was also demanded that he refrain from making any further "defamatory" statements about Wynne.
Brown responded early Thursday morning.
"Yesterday was a sad day for Ontario. No one, whatever their political view, wants to see the premier of our province debased and humiliated," Brown wrote in a statement posted to his website.
"Regrettably Kathleen Wynne compounded this sorry spectacle with baseless legal threats against me; threats that will be ignored," it continued.
Wynne responds
Wynne's legal team is calling Brown's decision to not retract or apologize for the statement "extremely disappointing."
"Mr. Brown's refusal to take that simple step therefore suggests that this was not an accident and that his remarks were deliberately made with the intention of harming the reputation of the premier," Siegel wrote in response to Brown's Thursday statement.
Siegel also referenced the recent apology made by PC MPP Bill Walker after he suggested Wynne was under investigation in the byelection trial.
"If it is not acceptable for a member of his own caucus to make such comments, it certainly is not appropriate for Patrick Brown," Siegel wrote.
What comes next?
In the original letter sent to Brown, Wynne's legal team suggested that a decision to ignore the demands would not be taken lightly.
"Should you fail to comply with the above demands, your inaction and/or actions will give rise to aggravated and punitive damages in any lawsuit commenced against you," Siegel wrote Wednesday.
However, Siegel did not confirm if that lawsuit would be launched following Brown's rebuff.
"What comes next is a question that will be determined on instructions from my client, Premier Wynne," he wrote.
If a lawsuit is filed, it would not be Wynne's first legal battle with the Tories.
In 2014, Wynne filed a $2 million libel suit against then-PC leader Tim Hudak and MPP Lisa MacLeod.
The suit was eventually dropped, a resolution that Siegel described as "arduous and expensive."
The Next Important Things
Thesis Statement
A thesis statement is a very important part of an essay. It is a statement that defines the direction in which an essay is taking. It carries the main aim of writing your essay hence the need to have it clearly written at the end of the introduction statement. It is normally written in one continuous sentence. Therefore, make sure that it is properly included as the last part of your essay introduction to give way to the body of your essay.
Essay Body
This is where you present supporting facts and statements about your topic. These are some of the things that a proofread essay service will help you to fix when you engage them. There are professionals out there who can help you come up with a very good essay body for your chosen topic. Therefore, make use of them if you want to have thorough information on what you need to do.
Conclusion
Writing an essay should culminate with a well-written conclusion. Make use of a scholarship essay writing service, for instance, if you want to understand how to conclude it perfectly. The help of a professional is always recommended if you want to get your homework done fast. At this section, you will be required to re-state your thesis statement and show how you were able to support it with information included in your essay.
Highlighted in here are the main parts of an essay structure. To be able to write a well-written essay, all these sections must be covered right from the introduction to the conclusion part of your essay. Ensure that you have understood everything prior to writing your own essay.
Every environmental movement has its ideas people, and Yu Xiaogang is among the emerging John Muirs of China.In a modest office, with the lights and heat turned off to conserve electricity, Dr. Yu is warming his hands over a cup of tea.
“Please excuse the books,” he says, as he clears a wide-ranging selection of titles, including “China's Natural History,” “An Ecological Economy,” “Demanding Accountability,” “Choices for the Poor,” and “Feminist Knowledge,” from his desk and his visitor's chair.
Yu is a former government scientist and today is director of an environmental nonprofit called Green Watershed that he founded in southwestern Yunnan Province.
He is also the architect of what is widely considered the emerging Chinese environmental movement's greatest victory to date: Five years ago, he led a campaign of coordinated green groups to successfully persuade the government to suspend a series of planned dams along China's last wild river, the Nu.
Today he is pensive. With the rising demand for energy in China, a new hydropower boom is under way. In just one province, Gansu, the number of large dams has gone from three, 20 years ago, to almost 600 today.
Beijing's current economic stimulus plan, announced in March, calls for $176 billion for infrastructure projects and $54 billion for rural public works, both of which include such projects as new dams, highways, and housing.
Yu follows such developments closely. Leaning forward in his chair, he points to a map unfurled on his desk, noting the planned construction sites he finds most alarming. “Some places, unique in the world, may be lost that can never be replaced,” he says.
“We cannot be against all hydropower,” he adds, “but we must have the precondition that projects pass environmental- and social-impact assessments. We still need to find that middle way.”
By this he means that dam planners should be required to pay greater attention to the impact of dams on local populations and ensure that adequate measures are taken to provide “poverty alleviation, local education support, and restoration of livelihoods,” as he puts it.
According to Yu's estimates, in the past 50 years some 40 million people have been resettled as the result of large infrastructure projects in China, about 12 million due to dam construction alone. About half now live “in absolute poverty,” he says.
On paper, China's resettlement compensation policies have become more generous in recent years. But while resettled families are often moved into newly built homes, land allotments are often inadequate to sustain farming. Villagers receive little help in finding new livelihoods. Such communities are called “empty economy towns.”
A lack of transparency in how compensation funds are distributed encourages corruption, with less money reaching intended recipients.
Yu's idea is based upon similar requirements in many countries, including China, for environmental-impact assessments, which evaluate the ecological impacts of dams and other major infrastructure projects before construction begins.
He wants to extend that concept to include the concerns of local communities in China: “What would the Nu River is without the Nu people?” The Nu is a minority who live only in a small territory alongside the river.
“With one hand, we hold the environmental-impact assessment,” he says. “With the other hand, we must hold the social-impact assessment.”
He points out, knowingly, that following his suggestions would reinforce the central government's stated goal of maintaining a “harmonious society.”
Yu's promotion of social-impact assessments is an example of how the emerging environmental movement in China is adapting to the unique circumstances in which it is arising.
“Successful Chinese [nongovernmental organizations],” says Linden Ellis of the China Environment Forum at the Woodrow Wilson Center in Washington, D.C., “in stark contract to Western NGOs, make major efforts to support and work with the government, particularly the central government.
“In the US,” Ms. Ellis continues, “the environmental movement really got under way when people started suing the government; in China, good intentions seem to be still good enough.”
The Chinese environmental movement today, which has been growing rapidly since the first environmental nonprofits were allowed to legally organize in 1994, is often compared with the early years of the modern American environmental movement. But there are key differences.
Major antidam campaigns were a hallmark of the US environmental movement in the 1960s, during a cultural moment when activists in various spheres were organizing to say “no” to perceived ills – from racism to sexism to the Vietnam War.
That direct-confrontation approach has never been an option in China.
Rather than rejecting outright the government's desire to make hydropower an increasing part of China's energy portfolio, Yu wants to ensure that the dams that are built are as environmentally and socially sustainable as possible.
“In China, we don't often have the option of saying ‘no' to development,” he explains. “So we must find ways to make it the best development.”
He adds that some dams, such as a proposed hydropower project that would span Tiger Leaping Gorge, located within a United Nations-designated World Heritage site, should not be built at all.
Another defining aspect of China's environmental movement is that it has always taken people into the equation.
“There are so many people in China,” Yu says. “There is no place in our country where there is only nature.”
Wen Bo, a well-known environmentalist in Beijing who is co-director of Pacific Environment's China Program, uses the phrase “ecological justice” to describe Yu's approach in “mobilizing grass-roots activists and empowering dam-affected communities.”
Yu did not start out as an environmentalist, but as a government scientist.
While working for a ministry in his home province of Yunnan, he became frustrated by his inability to challenge official assumptions. “I find that inside the system, you can do only so-called ‘decisionmaking supporting research,' ” he says. “That means the government has already made the decision. You do research to support the decision. You never do something that changes the decision.”
His discontent with this mode of thinking led him to found his own environmental nonprofit, Green Watershed, in 2002.
Since then his work has entailed frequent meetings in both impoverished communities and government offices. A common theme in his campaigns has been advocating for greater public participation in environmental decisionmaking.
During the successful 2004 campaign against dams along the Nu, he brought villagers threatened with resettlement to visit other communities that had been moved for past infrastructure projects.
When villagers more clearly understood the implications of resettlement, they began to organize in order to articulate their concerns about how their livelihoods and culture would be affected.
That campaign galvanized national public attention, and Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao personally intervened to suspend construction of the dams.
Provisions allowing for limited public input to major infrastructure projects were enshrined in 2003 and 2004 laws, but these statutes are still not well understood or used today. “Some people don't believe their own strength,” says Yu.
He notes that there are “not many well-known success stories” about community organizers to look to for inspiration. Yet, even when dams can't be stopped, communities may receive better resettlement options if they can make their concerns known in a strategic fashion.
Yu has also been active in promoting his ideas to government officials. In 2007, he was invited to give a presentation on social-impact assessments to a training seminar for Communist Party officials.
Later that year, he helped organize a conference in Beijing that brought together environmental officials and green NGO leaders to discuss “green banking,” another concept he has been championing. The idea is that heavily polluting enterprises would be denied loans by state-run banks.
Although penalties are not uniformly enforced, the national environmental ministry has begun to track the pollution violations and loan applications of large enterprises.
For his work on various fronts, Yu was recognized with a prestigious international award, the Goldman Environmental Prize, in 2006.
Today is a particularly tenuous moment for activists of all stripes in China.
Here, limits exist on what advocates can say and the issues around which they may organize. Monitoring of citizen groups was heightened in the run-up to the Beijing Olympics last summer.
Many observers had expected that there would be more latitude for civil society after the Games concluded, but that has not been the case. In February, the Yitong law firm, famous for its work defending human rights advocates in China, was preparing to fight a government closure order in court.
“The government does not feel that this is a good time to relax its control over society and allow freer political discourse,” says Drew Thompson, director of China Studies and Starr Senior Fellow at the Nixon Center in Washington, D.C. “The potential social dislocations caused by the global financial crisis will also lead the government to act conservatively and prevent any grass-roots movement from challenging the party's authority.”
For his part, Yu says his emphasis is less ideological than it is pragmatic. A scientist by training, he says, “I am asking: ‘Is this data accurate? Are these promises enforceable?' ”
A federal appeals court refused to restore U.S. President Donald Trump's controversial immigration ban, delivering a blow to the White House and setting up a possible showdown in the country's highest court.
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit in San Francisco ruled on Thursday that the nationwide halt to the ban issued by a lower court on Feb. 3 can remain in place, allowing refugees and visa holders from seven Muslim-majority countries to continue entering the United States.
In a unanimous ruling, the three-judge panel said that the government had failed to explain the urgent need for the ban and had "pointed to no evidence" that citizens of the seven nations have "perpetrated a terror attack in the U.S."
Story continues below advertisement
Instead, "the government has taken the position that we must not review its decision at all," wrote the judges. "We disagree."
Shortly after the ruling was issued, Mr. Trump wrote on Twitter: "See you in court, the security of our nation is at stake!" That suggests he will ask the Supreme Court to intervene immediately.
Read more: Trump's immigration ban: What we know so far, and how it affects Canadians
Read more: How do U.S. courts work? A map of the battlefield for Trump's immigration ban
Read more: Trump's immigration ban is blocked: Six things you need to know
The states of Washington and Minnesota had sued the government to block the immigration ban, arguing that the measure created chaos and engaged in religious discrimination.
The Trump administration has claimed the ban is necessary in order to review vetting procedures and protect national security. However, at the appeals court hearing on Tuesday, a Justice Department lawyer was unable to cite any specific danger under questioning from the judges. "The President has determined there is a risk," stated August Flentje, the lawyer representing the government.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
In sometimes stinging terms, Thursday's ruling rebutted the government's assertion that such determinations by Mr. Trump could not be challenged. While courts should give the President considerable deference in such matters, the courtesy is far from absolute, the judges wrote. Indeed, the notion that courts cannot review the lawfulness of presidential actions in matters of immigration and national security "runs contrary to the fundamental structure of our constitutional democracy."
Signed by Mr. Trump on Jan. 27, the immigration ban is highly contentious, triggering protests in dozens of cities across the United States as well as a chorus of criticism from technology executives, university presidents, religious leaders and Democrats.
The earlier ruling on Feb. 3 by a federal district judge in Seattle allowed visa holders from seven nations – Iran, Iraq, Syria, Yemen, Libya, Somalia and Sudan – as well as refugees to enter the United States. Mr. Trump has made clear that he sees that situation as unacceptable. He has issued a series of scathing attacks on the judiciary, which is highly unusual behaviour for a U.S. president.
On Wednesday, Mr. Trump said the courts "seem so political" and asserted that even "a bad high school student" would rule in favour of the administration. If the courts do not affirm the government's stand, he wrote on Twitter, "we can never have the safety and security to which we are entitled." Earlier he asserted that judges would be to blame in the case of future terror attacks.
The problem for Mr. Trump is that the fate of his ban now sits in the hands of judges – and his torrent of criticism makes them more likely to assert their independence. If the Trump administration asks the Supreme Court to intervene immediately, the court would hear the matter with its current complement of eight judges (the ninth seat has been empty for a year following the death of Justice Antonin Scalia and a successful Republican effort to prevent former president Barack Obama from seating a replacement).
Mr. Trump has nominated Judge Neil Gorsuch to the empty seat and his confirmation process is in the early stages. As part of that process, Judge Gorsuch held meetings with senators during which he distanced himself from Mr. Trump's attacks on the judiciary. Judge Gorsuch called Mr. Trump's remarks "demoralizing" and "disheartening" in a meeting with a Democratic senator, an account confirmed by one of Judge Gorsuch's advisers, according to The Washington Post.
Story continues below advertisement
As long as the Supreme Court has only eight members, it will represent a challenge for the Trump administration. Overturning Thursday's appeals court ruling will require the agreement of five justices. But if the court were to split along liberal-conservative lines, the result would be a 4-4 tie, which would leave the appeals court judgment intact.
In Thursday's ruling, the appeals court briefly weighed in on two elements of constitutional challenges to the ban. The judges said that the claims by Washington and Minnesota that the ban had violated the right to due process – or fair treatment through normal legal channels – were likely to succeed. Such rights apply to U.S. permanent residents travelling abroad, some of whom were affected by the ban, even though the White House later asserted it excluded them.
But the judges declined to say – for now – whether they believe the ban amounts to religious discrimination. The states of Washington and Minnesota noted that Mr. Trump had called for a ban on Muslims entering the U.S. during the presidential campaign, while a key adviser, former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani, described the immigration ban as a way to achieve the same result "legally."
Such claims raise "serious allegations and present significant constitutional questions," the judges wrote. But in light of the proceedings' sensitivity and the speed of deliberations, "we reserve consideration of these claims until the merits of this appeal have been fully briefed."
ERROL PARKER | Editor-at-large | Contact
Browsing through ‘millions' of online items this morning, Gavin Pooley selected a book, t-shirt and socks before heading to the checkout to part with his money.
However, something made him stop.
With eager anticipation, the 28-year-old as well as thousands of other Australians around the country, waiting for US online retailer Amazon to finally land on our shores – legally.
But the wait, according to Pooley, has been for nothing.
“Nine fucking days? Where's this book being shipped from? The fucking Falklands? Jesus wept! I'd rather visit my local bookshop, call me old-fashioned,”
“And what the hell? All the sizing information is in inches. What the fuck is an inch? I mean, there has been some biblical bed-shitting over the years but this takes the whole cake and stamps on it.”
With that, the popular law clerk told The Advocate that he'd visit the boutique French Quarter shopping district after work today and perhaps look to see if the book he was after is at his local bookshop.
Pooley is reportedly on the hunt for The Martian by Andy Weir.
Intrigued by the movie, he was eager to see if the book had less bullshit in it than the blockbuster.
Our reporters were able to contact the staff at the Busy Bookworm on Rue de Èpsilon a short time ago and confirmed they had a hardcover edition of the novel.
In 2003, the Busy Bookworm shot to international fame after New York Times Best-Selling author Matthew Reilly was almost throttled to death by an irate fan of the Shane Schofield series.
The man's motive for choking Reilly into the year 3003 is still unclear.
More to come.
We check out what Patriots could have been, snippets of rare images and why it was ultimately canceled in our latest feature.
Background:
After the Vegas 2 was released in 2008 it took 3 years until we heard of a new Rainbow Six in 2011. Ubisoft was forced to officially announce the game following a “leak” of some target gameplay, stating a 2013 release on Xbox 360, PS3 and PC. This was not actual gameplay, but a pre-render concept footage of how they visioned the game would look and feel created in 2010. In an interview with IGN, someone within the studio claimed the title started as a turn-based tactics game prototype. And later on it was about robots, with enemies hacking into machines that fought team Rainbow.
The game would be made by the Montreal team with support from the Toronto and Redstorm studios. Heading the development was Creative Director David Spears from the SOCOM franchise, Richard Rouse III and lead designer Philippe Therien and animation director Brent George. These key members would also later be removed from the project for unknown reasons in early 2012. At E3 2013 Ubisoft said they were still on track for a 2013 release of Patriots despite not showcasing it at all. They also stated that it will be released the latest gen of platforms. The only trailer released was a short CGI trailer at the VGA's in 2011.
Story:
In this iteration of Rainbow Six, the team leader is called James Wolfe, a former Navy Seal. The events in Patriots take place in New York City and focused on a homegrown American terrorist group called the “True Patriots”. Their goal is to create an economic instability by going after wealthy business people. The organization is lead by Jonah Treadway who is tired of Wall Street and recruits ex-veterans to create a volatile revolt.
Ubisoft promised the most narrative story yet with tasking the player with moral and ethical choices. The developers said this would be the first Rainbow Six game where the collateral damage would not be an instant fail. Civilian lives were expected to be lost based on the players choices.
Features:
The press release promised a story with ultra-realistic choices with consequences for the story with multiple perspectives for players on several events. The game also promised a very detailed squad management for your teammate AI. They would be fully tailored and adapt depending on their equipment and environment. It would take the system from Vegas and push it even further with more options and AI that adapts to the situation.
The developers were also contemplating adding in dismemberment according to David Sears, a first for Rainbow Six. The hit point registration would be very detailed with head, neck, body, arm, legs and even crotch shots having their own animations when hit. The player would also react different depending on where he was hit.
They also expanded on the rappelling system from Vegas, promising new rappelling and breach mechanics. This included fast rope rappel, inverted “Aussie style rappel”, infiltrate and subdue and wall and ceiling breach. These new and enhanced would later be refined and be the main focus point on Rainbow Six Siege.
Multiplayer:
Ubisoft focused on team play and players would be rewarded to play as a team. They would also have enhanced communication and tactical execution between teammates.
There was no mention of the planning phase, but they did tease a virtual sand table hologram where players could plan their strategy before entering the battlefield. You could invite your friends in a private game and explore the multiplayer map. The game would also highlight important aspects of the map like doors, ladders and objectives. The players could also drop markers in the map for teammates. The paths in the map would also be augmented with virtual reality that only your team could see for new players.
Ubisoft also implemented a commander and follower mechanic, where players could make a squad and have a commander who is ranked high to issue orders to his fellow squad mates. Little was known about the maps, but we assume most of them take place in New York City and surrounding areas. Ubisoft released 1 screenshot that reminded us of the classic Chalet map from Rogue Spear. Siege devs recently confirmed that the chalet map will return in Siege.
3 spawning mechanics was planned:
– Base camp: First spawn you start in the game world with no danger posed to the player.
– Combat zone: A safe location in the map, but it could be under attack by enemy players.
– Spawn on teammate: If the player is not under fire, you could spawn directly on a teammate.
Why was it canceled:
The main point of Patriots cancelation was the shift from old-gen to the new generation of consoles. With key members being dismissed earlier in development, rumored issues with the Anvil engine, not being good enough on the older hardware and it being the first shooter on the Anvil engine. The devs gambled on Anvil Engine since Unreal Engine was not an option and struggled with it. Players also received a disconcerting message when Gamestop in early May 2013 removed Patriots from their database and canceling pre-orders. Rock, Paper Shotgun interviewed technical artist Oliver Couture at e3 2014 when Siege was announced. Oliver worked on the project for 3 and half years said the following:
“To be completely transparent, I worked on Patriots – on Rainbow Six for three-and-a-half years – and Patriots was old-gen. Xbox 360 and PS3. Next-gen consoles were just around the corner, and we were like, ‘OK, we want to also have a next-gen experience. What can we do for that?' We were trying stuff out with destruction technology, and we realized destruction really changes the game. We tried to see how it could fit with old-gen, but it just didn't work out. So for us it was just a better solution to clean the slate, reset, and make what's best for the players.”
Sadly we won't experience the promising story of Patriots, but it did pave the way for the refined mechanics such as destruction and rappelling in Siege. Are you sad or happy that Patriots never got completed? Let us know in the forums.
US President Barack Obama has led tributes to astronaut Neil Armstrong, the first man on the Moon, who died on Saturday at the age of 82.
Mr Obama said on his Twitter feed: "Neil Armstrong was a hero not just of his time, but of all time."
Hundreds of millions watched Armstrong land on the Moon on 20 July 1969 and describe it as: "One small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind."
The line became one of the most famous quotes of the 20th Century.
Armstrong's family confirmed his death in a statement on Saturday, saying he had died from complications after surgery to relieve four blocked coronary arteries.
The family statement praised him as a "reluctant American hero" and urged his fans to honour his example of "service, accomplishment and modesty".
"The next time you walk outside on a clear night and see the moon smiling down at you, think of Neil Armstrong and give him a wink," the family said.
Mr Obama thanked Armstrong for showing the world "the power of one small step".
'Nerdy engineer'
Last November he received the Congressional Gold Medal, the highest US civilian award.
Many of Armstrong's colleagues and friends paid tribute to him as a modest, private man who never sought the limelight.
Michael Collins, a pilot on the Apollo 11 Moon mission, said: "He was the best, and I will miss him terribly."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Buzz Aldrin: "The aerospace world will be saddened"
Armstrong famously refused most public appearances and interviews.
In a rare interview with Australian TV this year, he reflected on a moment during his three hours on the Moon when he stopped to commemorate US astronauts and Soviet cosmonauts who had died in action.
"It was special and memorable, but it was only instantaneous because there was work to do," he said.
More than 500 million TV viewers around the world watched its touchdown on the lunar surface.
Armstrong and fellow astronaut Edwin "Buzz" Aldrin collected samples, conducted experiments and took photographs during their moonwalk.
Mr Aldrin told the BBC he would remember his colleague as a "very capable commander and leader of a world achievement".
"We're missing a great spokesman and leader in the space programme," he said.
Apollo 11 was Armstrong's last space mission. In 1971, he left the US space agency Nasa to teach aerospace engineering.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption President Obama described him as "one of the greatest American heroes of all time"
Born in 1930 and raised in Ohio, Armstrong took his first flight aged six with his father and formed a lifelong passion for flying.
He flew Navy fighter jets during the Korean War in the 1950s, and joined the US space programme in 1962.
Correspondents say Armstrong remained modest and never allowed himself to be caught up in the glamour of space exploration.
"I am, and ever will be, a white-socks, pocket-protector, nerdy engineer," he said in February 2000 in a rare public appearance.
Nasa chief Charles Bolden paid tribute to him as "one of America's great explorers".
"As long as there are history books, Neil Armstrong will be included in them, remembered for taking humankind's first small step on a world beyond our own."
Yet if windows become more expensive, people will demand fewer of them. People reacted to the window tax by bricking over their windows. Old homes with bricked over windows can still be seen throughout Britain.
The window tax was relatively easy to administer. A person's tax liability could be calculated by counting their windows. It had progressive elements. People with higher incomes had larger houses, and more windows, thus paid more in taxes. Houses with fewer than 10 (later 7) windows were exempt from the tax.
The picture on the left shows a home built in 1592 with bricked over windows on the top floor, and on the right a cartoon depicting people's longing for light. The deadweight loss of the window tax was the reduction in well-being it caused, over and above any loss of income associated with paying the tax - the human costs of living and working in dark rooms with no ventilation. A recent paper by Chantal Stebbings argues that this burden was highest for the urban poor, who typically lived in larger tenement buildings, so did not benefit from the seven window exemption, and were vulnerable to the effects of crowding, poor sanitation and disease. Imagine cooking dinner over a coal fire in an unventilated room, or living with someone with tuberculosis, and being unable to open a window. Even in the dwellings of the wealthy, like Hough End Hall, shown above, the bricked up windows are on the top floor, which was typically the servants' quarters.
The window tax is perhaps the most famous example of a tax with visible impacts on building construction, but it is far from the only one. In 1784 the British introduced a brick tax of 4 shillings per thousand bricks. Builders responded by turning to other types of construction materials; manufacturers responded by making bigger bricks. The picture on the left shows the impact of the tax; the building with the "High St" sign is made with smaller, pre-tax brick work.
Tax minimizing construction choices can be seen in Canada, too. The snow-covered dwelling pictured on the right is Jones House, built in Ottawa in around 1890. The Second Empire Mansard styled roof provides the maximum possible amount of living space on the second floor, while still allowing the house to be taxed as a one and a half storey dwelling.
When it comes to taxation, the devil is in the details, as the saying goes. When property tax assessments are based on a building's physical characteristics - the number of windows, the number of storeys - people will argue about what counts as a window, or what counts as a storey.
Even something like the size of a building must be carefully defined for tax purposes. Are property taxes based on the interior or exterior dimensions of a building, its size at ground level, or its size including any balconies, overhangs, or eaves? The next set of pictures show what is at stake in defining a building's dimensions.
The picture on the left below shows Ottawa's Mayfair Theatre in 1944; the picture on the right shows the same theatre today. In Ottawa taxes are levied any part of a building that overhangs the sidewalk. The Mayfair theatre's marquee was not, in fact, removed for tax reasons, but other marquees were.
Taxes are still influencing building construction today. Egypt taxes finished buildings at one rate; unfinished buildings at another lower, rate. As a result, developers leave their buildings unfinished, typically with a half-built upper story, as shown in the last picture.
The primary purpose of these pictures is to provide a concrete illustration of the efficiency impacts of taxes, to create a more memorable and meaningful image than a deadweight loss triangle.
Yet these pictures also serve as a reminder the strengths of broad-based income and consumption taxes. The re-introduction of income tax in 1842 made the repeal of the much-hated English window tax possible. Value added taxes remove any incentives to minimize tax liabilities by up-sizing bricks. Good tax policy in four words: broad base; low rate.
The firefighter found Richard Dabate on the floor of his kitchen, where he had made a desperate 911 call minutes earlier, court records show. Bleeding and lashed to a chair with zip ties, the man moaned a chilling warning: "They're still in the house."
Smoke hung in the air, and a trail of blood led to a darkened basement, as Connecticut State Police swarmed the large home in the Hartford suburbs two days before Christmas in 2015.
Richard, 41, told authorities a masked intruder with a "Vin Diesel" voice killed his wife, Connie, in front of him and tortured him. Police combed the home and town of Ellington but found no suspect.
With no witnesses other than Richard Dabate, detectives turned to the vast array of data and sensors that increasingly surround us. An important bit of evidence came from an unlikely source: the Fitbit tracking Connie's movements.
Others from the home's smart alarm systems, Facebook, cellphones, email and a key fob allowed police to re-create a nearly minute-by-minute account of the morning that they said revealed Richard's story was an elaborately staged fiction.
Undone by his data, Richard was charged with his wife's murder. He has pleaded not guilty.
The case, which is in pretrial motions, is perhaps the best example to date of how Internet-connected, data-collecting smart devices such as fitness trackers, digital home assistants, thermostats, TVs and even pill bottles are beginning to transform criminal justice.
Zbigniew Bzdak / Chicago Tribune Law enforcement entities are turning to Fitbits and similar internet-connected devices for information regarding criminal investigations. Law enforcement entities are turning to Fitbits and similar internet-connected devices for information regarding criminal investigations. (Zbigniew Bzdak / Chicago Tribune) (Zbigniew Bzdak / Chicago Tribune)
The ubiquitous devices can serve as a legion of witnesses, capturing our every move, biometrics and what we have ingested. They sometimes listen in or watch us in the privacy of our homes. And police are increasingly looking to the devices for clues.
The prospect has alarmed privacy advocates, who say too many consumers are unaware of the revealing information these devices are harvesting. They also point out there are few laws specifically crafted to guide how law enforcement officials collect smart-device data.
Andrew Ferguson, a University of the District of Columbia law professor, says we are entering an era of "sensorveillance" when we can expect one device or another to be monitoring us much of the time. The title of a law paper on the topic put the prospect this way: "Technology is Killing Our Opportunity to Lie."
The business research company Gartner estimates 8.4 billion devices were connected to the internet in 2017, a 31 percent increase over the previous year. By 2020, the company estimates there will be roughly three smart devices for every person on the planet.
"Americans are just waking up to the fact that their smart devices are going to snitch on them," Ferguson said. "And that they are going to reveal intimate details about their lives they did not intend law enforcement to have."
- - -
The Dabates' yellow Colonial was festively decorated with wreaths on the windows the morning of Dec. 23, 2015. Richard, Connie and their two boys, ages 6 and 9, bustled around getting ready for the day.
To many of their acquaintances, the family appeared to be an ordinary one in a quiet bedroom community. Richard was a network administrator, and Connie worked as a pharmaceutical sales representative.
Joann Knapp, a former neighbor of the Dabates, fondly recalls Connie popping over to her house to ask her out for walks while Knapp was having a difficult pregnancy. Knapp said Connie and Richard appeared to have a happy - even passionate - marriage.
"They couldn't keep their eyes off each other," Knapp said. "It was a look that you would want."
But behind that public face, Connie's killing would reveal a darkly tangled relationship and a major secret.
Richard and his attorney did not respond to requests for comment. Richard gave a detailed — but shifting — account of Connie's killing to detectives over six hours on the day of the slaying. It is contained in his arrest warrant.
On the drive to work that morning, Richard said, he got an alert on his phone that the home's alarm had been triggered. He said he shot an email to his boss and returned home, arriving there between 8:45 a.m. and 9 a.m.
Richard told police he heard a noise on the second floor and found a hulking intruder wearing camouflage and a mask inside the walk-in closet of the master bedroom. The intruder demanded his wallet at knifepoint.
Soon after, Connie returned home from an exercise class; Richard told investigators he yelled at her to run. Connie fled into the basement, and the intruder followed.
When Richard arrived on the lower level, he made his way through darkness, finding the man pointing a gun at Connie's head. Richard said that the gun was his own and that Connie must have removed it from a safe to defend herself.
Richard said he charged but heard a deafening blast and fell. When he got up, Connie was slumped on the ground. Police would later determine the gunshot hit her in the back of her head.
The intruder disabled Richard and then zip-tied one of Richard's arms and one of his legs to a folding chair, according to the account.
The intruder jabbed Richard with a box cutter. The man also started a fire in a cardboard box using a blow torch, which he then turned on Richard's ankle.
Richard told investigators he saw an opening: He jammed the blow torch in the man's face and signed it. The intruder ran out.
Richard said he crawled upstairs with the chair still attached, activated the panic alarm, called 911 and collapsed. The firefighter found him soon after.
- - -
The chaotic scene inside the Dabate home had all the hallmarks of a home invasion, but a few details would prompt investigators to take a closer look.
Dogs brought in to track the suspect could find no scent trails leaving the property and circled back to Richard, according to arrest records. Richard also aroused suspicion when detectives asked whether their probe would reveal any problems between him and Connie.
He took a deep breath and offered: "Yes and no."
Richard told a bizarre story. He said that he had gotten a high school friend pregnant and that it was Connie's idea. He said the three planned to co-parent the child, since his wife wanted another baby but could not have one for health reasons.
Later, Richard changed his story, saying that the pregnancy was unplanned and that he had a romantic relationship with the friend. Detectives found no evidence Connie knew of the pregnancy.
"This situation popped up like a frickin' soap opera," Richard told detectives.
January 5, 2016
The next figure in line for sainthood, Mother Teresa, turns out to have had different standards for the rich and the poor, writes Irish Times columnist Eamonn McCann .
IT'S NOT the fact that Mother Teresa has been credited with cures for which there is no known disease that renders the plan for her canonization ridiculous. The ridiculousness lies in canonization itself.
Not even the pope is authorized to hand out ceremonial passes to paradise. To qualify for canonization, you have to have made the cut and be resident in heaven already. If you're not in, you can't win. All of which renders the elaborate ceremony planned for next year redundant--apart from its propaganda value, which is, of course, the point.
Propaganda has always been the name of the canonization game. The main reason medieval popes came up with the idea was so the church could take control of the selection of role models for society at large. It's about shaping the world the way you want it to be, about power and influence, not holiness and prayer.
What model of society does the Albanian nun exemplify? Twenty years ago, in January 1996, writing for Hot Press, I phoned the Los Angeles district attorney's office to check whether there had been progress in persuading Mother Teresa to hand back a million dollars stolen from the poor. Not a lot, assistant district attorney Paul Turley told me.
Mother Teresa at a pro-life gathering in 1986
The money had been filched from the pockets of pensioners and small savers by the notorious con man, Charles Keating, head of what turned out to be a front for fraud, Lincoln Savings and Loan. Keating had siphoned $225 million from the accounts of thousands of victims and had bunged a million of this loot to Mother Teresa.
Four years earlier, in 1992, Turley had appealed to Teresa: "If you contact me, I will put you in direct contact with the rightful owners of the property now in your possession." Any developments since, I wondered?
"She has ignored us," Turley told me. "We have honestly given up on this. It is obvious she is determined to keep it."
Sentenced to 10 years, Keating may have taken comfort from contemplation of the crucifix on the wall of his cell personally blessed by Pope John Paul and delivered by a messenger from Mother Teresa.
IT HAS commonly been suggested, including in recent days by commentators skeptical about Mother Teresa's sanctity, that in this and similar matters she had been blinded by intense religiosity, her mode of thought too other-worldly to appreciate mundane stuff like money.
As an excuse for the criminal offense of knowingly receiving stolen property, this would be laughed out of any court in the land. Thomas "Slab" Murphy had a better defense.
A more subtle argument advanced by Catholic traditionalists is that what matters most at a time of ideological turmoil and creeping secularization within the church is the unwavering adherence and global witness she gave to the teachings of the church now most under siege, on contraception, divorce, abortion, etc. It is this, they suggest, which, despite all, makes her a suitable role model for the times we live in.
But this won't wash either. The journalist Daphne Barak quoted Mother Teresa in April 1996 in Ladies' Home Journal, commenting on the break-up of the marriage of Princess Diana and Prince Charles: "I think it is such a sad story. Diana is such a sad soul...You know what? It is good that it is over. Nobody was happy. I know I should preach for family love and unity, but in their case..." Then her voice "trailed off."
The masses are told under pain of hellfire that they must unquestioningly obey the rules of the church, but when it comes to the useful rich and glamorous, immutable laws of God can be amended on the instant.
In October 1994, Mother Teresa sent a message to the UN International Conference on Population and Development in Cairo, pleading for outright rejection of contraception and abortion. "Every child is a gift from God," she wrote. "If you have a child you think is unwanted, give that child to me. I will find it a loving home where it will be cherished as a blessing."
The Cairo conference was to hear that up to 40,000 children under 12 were dying every day of malnutrition or preventable disease. Mother Teresa's order was not running any adoption operation anywhere in the world. Her statement was not off-the-cuff or a flight of holy fantasy. It was a written declaration, widely distributed. It was dishonest, manipulative opportunism for which it is hard to find adequate words. "Despicable," maybe.
In the year before her death in 1997, as a team of doctors flown in from around the world tried by extraordinary means to bring her back to health, one Irish newspaper carried the headline, "World Unites in Prayer For 'Living Saint.'"
We may hope there'll be a lot less of that sort of thing in 2016.
First published at the Irish Times.
By Juan Cole | (Informed Comment) | – –
Florida Gov. Rick Scott did not cause Irma, but he enabled the Frankenstorm. Before becoming governor in 2011, Scott had been an entrepreneur who “ specialized in privatizing healthcare and ran a hospital chain convicted of a massive healthcare fraud.”
Scott met with Carbonmongers Charles and David Koch soon after being elected, and all of a sudden Florida's environmental laws began being gutted.
Now he will want you to give him $150 billion to rebuild his state, from your tax dollars. He and his ilk argue that it is less expensive to deal with a changing climate than to reduce carbon dioxide emissions.
Scott enabled Irma's unusual severity by opposing measures to reduce carbon emissions. He even started replying to climate change questions by saying “I'm not a scientist.” I'm not a scientist either but I took eighth grade chemistry and know what a greenhouse gas is.
Scott opposed a high speed train in central Florida, which would have cut down on automobile use and forestalled thousands of tons of CO2 emissions.
Scott told Florida state employees not to use the term climate change. That included scientists working for the state. Our current head of the anti-EPA, Scott Pruitt, has taken over that Scott policy and applied it to the entire Federal government. Pruitt thinks it is disrespectful to the victims of Harvey and Irma to talk about climate change. Actually it is disrespectful to the victims to victimize them with carbon dioxide and methane emissions.
Scott backed measures that punished Floridians of all people for having solar panels on their roofs. Florida is like Disneyworld for solar power. Scott's Neanderthal policy was overturned by a popular referendum only last year.
Instead, In 2015, Florida sued the Federal government along with 23 other states “over a plan to reduce carbon emissions nationally, claiming the law will increase electric rates.” Yeah, right, because free sunshine and wind are more expensive than pricey coal and natural gas.
Scott has been a creature of Big Oil, covered in liquid tar, like a monster hiding out in a swamp, and the fumes he has put off have summoned Irma.
Florida emits 227,000,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide every year, over 4% of the US national output. It therefore played a role in making Irma into an incredible Hulk. And Scott has prevented emissions reductions for 6 years straight. And remember that he has had a national impact through influence on other governors and his suit against President Obama. Scott's contribution to the destructiveness of this storm is relatively small, but it actually is large enough to be quantified, and since he is helping wreck a whole planet, that simple fact is terrifying.
Manmade climate change does not cause hurricanes. Hurricanes form naturally over warm water. The warmer the water, the stronger the hurricane. There were hurricanes before 1750, when human beings decided to burn so much wood and coal (and later, oil and natural gas) that they would turn the whole world tropical.
What human beings have done is to magnify hurricanes. By driving our cars, cooling and heating our homes, making cement, and industrializing our agriculture, we have put billions and billions of metric tons of carbon dioxide into our atmosphere. We have sort of acted on the climate the way radioactivity works on Dr. Bruce Banner (nowadays played by Mark Ruffalo), turning him into a large, green, angry incredible Hulk.
Putting greenhouse gases into the atmosphere prevents the sun's heat from radiating away back into space once it strikes the earth. Keeping the heat in causes the average surface temperature to rise over time. The oceans are a degree F warmer than the 20th century average.
Hotter water has some basic properties. It expands, so the sea level rises for that reason. But surface ice over land also melts and runs into the sea, which also raises the sea level. The Caribbean is a good half foot higher now than a century ago.
Higher seas lead to higher storm surges. Irma's storm surges may be as high as 12 feet, or even 20.
Hotter water also evaporates at a faster rate, putting more moisture into the atmosphere. There is 4% more moisture in the air over the Caribbean than there was a century ago. More moisture in the air means heavier rains and more flooding during storms.
How fast and destructive the winds of a hurricane are depends on how hot the water is, over which it travels. Hotter water produces more severe winds. The Caribbean waters are unusually hot, hence Irma's sustained 185 mile an hour winds, which are unprecedented in the historical record at that speed for their longevity.
Rick Scott should resign. He helped empty out his state. You wouldn't call that being a good governor.
—–
Related Video
ABC News: “Florida governor to residents ahead of Irma: ‘You've got to get out'”
An image taken by NASA's Terra satellite on January 14 shows Beijing and the surrounding area smothered by a layer of extreme air pollution. NASA Earth Observatory
China's capital city of Beijing has been swamped by off-the-charts levels of air pollution in January. New images from NASA's Earth Observatory satellite Terra shows the choking layer of smog that has descended over the city.
The first image, from January 14, shows China smothered by a layer of haze. The grey and yellow-tinged clouds visable on the map are areas heavily affected by air pollution. At the time the image was taken, ground sensors at the U.S. Embassy in Beijing recorded PM2.5 measurements of 291. According to the World Health Organization, PM2.5 levels above 25 are considered unsafe.
An image taken by NASA's Terra satellite of Beijing and the surrounding area on January 3. NASA Earth Observatory
The second image, taken on January 3, presents a stark contrast to the cloudy soup in the previous picture. The country is clearly visable and tinged white from recent snowfall.
Beijing and the surrounding area have been grappling with record-breaking levels of air pollution in recent days. PM2.5 measurements are taken on a scale from 0 to 500. Over the weekend of Jan 12-13, Beijing saw levels over 700.
By Monday, levels had declined to about 350 micrograms on the Beijing government scale -- down from its peak but still way above the level of 25 considered safe by the World Health Organization.
PM2.5 are tiny particulate matter less than 2.5 micrometers in size, or about 1/30th the average width of a human hair. They can penetrate deep into the lungs, and measuring them is considered a more accurate reflection of air quality than other methods.
The Beijing Shijitan Hospital received 20 percent more patients than usual at its respiratory health department, Dr. Huang Aiben said. Most patients were coughing and sought treatment for chronic bronchitis, asthma and other respiratory illnesses, Huang said.
"Because these dust particles are relatively fine, they can be directly absorbed by the lung's tiny air sacs. The airway's ability to block the fine dust is relatively weak and so bacteria and viruses carried by the dust can directly enter the airway," Huang said.
Air pollution is a major problem in China due to the country's rapid pace of industrialization, reliance on coal power, explosive growth in car ownership and disregard for environmental laws. It typically gets worse in the winter because of weather conditions and an increase in coal burning for heating needs.
A Conservative MP wants to make it illegal to prevent people from flying the Canadian flag.
Tory MP John Carmichael promoted his private member's bill, the National Flag of Canada Act, on Wednesday along with Heritage Minister James Moore at a news conference on Parliament Hill.
"This proposed law seeks to protect the rights of Canadians to fly their national flag where they live and encourage Canadians across the country to display the national flag, not just on Canada Day or Flag Day, but every day of the year," said Carmichael.
"Canadians have always assumed this right. However, we believe it is important to legally protect that right and we start with that today. All Canadians, no matter where they live, should be able to enjoy the privilege of expressing their love for our country by flying the Canadian flag," he said.
SPOTTED Your thoughts on Carmichael's proposed bill: The most popular comment on our site read: "I wish someone would make it illegal for MPs to table irrelevant bills that waste time and tax dollars." See what else you had to say.
If passed, it would be against the law to prevent someone from displaying the flag, as long as it is displayed in a "manner befitting this national symbol," and as long as the flag isn't being used improperly or being desecrated.
If someone breaks the proposed law, or is even about to contravene it, the individual could wind up in court. The bill proposes punishments of restraining orders, injunctions, a fine, or a jail term of up to two years.
Moore said there have been cases where people have been prevented from flying their flags and that the bill aims to "ensure that Canadians have clear certainty that if they wish to show pride in their country to display the Canadian flag that they are free to do so without any intimidation by condo boards or other neighbours that might find it obtrusive."
Moore suggested that the right of Canadians to fly the Maple Leaf should trump the right of condominium or other property owners who make no-flag rules.
He said condo owners have the right to run their businesses the way they want.
"But I don't think Canadians' right to display the Canadian flag should be stepped on by Canadians who feel otherwise," he said.
Bill 'an attempt to change the channel': Rae
Interim Liberal leader Bob Rae said he hadn't seen the bill but that in principle it sounded pretty straightforward and is something that could be supported on all sides.
"The principle that people should be able to fly a flag I would have thought is a pretty simple principle. To me, it's a matter of basic Charter rights and recognizing and understanding that," he said.
But Rae questioned the government's motivation behind the proposed law and said there are many more important issues Conservative MPs should be focused on including the uncertain global economy and job creation in Canada.
"It is definitely an attempt to change the channel," he said.
Moore defended the bill, however, saying the economy remains the Conservatives' number one priority and that this private member's bill will take up very little of Parliament's time.
"If the opposition are so inclined this can take up no time and we can pass this by unanimous consent," the heritage minister said. The bill doesn't specify what constitutes a manner befitting the flag, but Heritage Canada lists the protocol and rules for waving the flag on its website.
For example, if a flag is to be attached to a car, it should be on a pole firmly fixed to the chassis on the front, right-hand side of the vehicle. If it is hung vertically, the tip of the leaf should point to the left and the stem to the right.
The proposed law is poised to pit some patriotic homeowners against their neighbours and property associations. In 2010, residents in a retirement community in Belle River, Ont., were told by the Cooper's Mill Retirement Community homeowners' association that no additions or substitutions were permitted to the exterior of homes without permission. It asked them to take down their flags but they refused. One resident said the association had received complaints from other residents that the flags looked "trailer trashy."
(This survey is not scientific. Results are based on readers' responses.)
The Information Commissioner has given the Metropolitan Police a good ticking-off for attempting to bring about the blanket introduction of CCTV in pubs. Their stance on the issue "raised serious privacy issues", which is data protection speak for "could possibly be unlawful".
In response, the Met's initial reaction – a declaration that their policy will carry on regardless - appeared to be a shining example of how to react when authority tells us we may be acting illegally. To be fair, that is what their spokesperson was quoted as saying yesterday: this morning, The Reg spoke with the Met, who insisted that their spokeswoman may have been misinterpreted – and that there was no longer a blanket policy. Police will in future consider all licensing requests on their individual merits.
However, this is but one of a number of recent instances where the Police – and particularly the Met – have developed "policy" in respect of maintaining law and order that looks suspiciously like creating new law, and it is giving lawyers and politicians cause for concern.
Evidence of the blanket ban emerged when Nick Gibson took over the Draper's Arms in Barnsbury Street, Islington from its previous owners, and then sought to relicense it. Although the pub had no previous record of trouble, and CCTV had not been a condition of licensing, the Met nonetheless asked licensing authorities to make it a condition now.
Further inquiries revealed that in certain parts of London, the Met has a blanket policy of requiring that licensed premises install CCTV, in direct contravention of guidelines (pdf) from the Information Commissioner on the subject. The Office of the Information Commissioner suggests that installation of CCTV is a major step, and in each case, should be considered on its individual merits.
The ICO has also expressed concerns that the Policing Bill, now before parliament, may make it easier for the police and local authorities to impose blanket requirements in future.
Yesterday, lawyers, MPs and activists met in Portcullis House, Westminster, to hear about a report into alleged systemic misconduct during the policing of the Kingsnorth Climate Camp in August 2008. The report alleges that police used S1 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 as a blanket search power to stop people and disrupt the otherwise lawful activity of the protesters attempting to attend the camp.
According to the report's author, solicitor Frances Wright, this is not what the letter of the law says, which is that there must be a reason to suspect the individual concerned, and that stereotyping all individuals who attend a particular event is unlawful.
Comedian and political activist Mark Thomas recently took a complaint over a similar incident – in which two policemen stopped him on the grounds that he "looked over-confident" - to the Police Complaints Commission (IPCC). That case, too, revolved around interpretation of PACE – and the IPCC agreed that the police had over-stepped their powers.
Similar issues may arise when the police decide to set up on-street scanning facilities in order to check passers-by for the possibility that they might be carrying knives. Police have been reported as arguing that although they have no powers to compel an individual to be scanned, a refusal to accede to a police request in this respect may itself be suspicious, thereby allowing the stop and search to go ahead anyway.
However, more recent checks in this regard have tended to rely on S60 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994, which allows an officer of the rank of inspector or above to authorise blanket searches where he "reasonably believes that incidents involving serious violence are imminent".
The problem with incidents of this kind, according to Norman Baker MP, who addressed the meeting on the Climate Camp protest yesterday is that they look suspiciously like police-made law and go hand in hand with the politicisation of the police. He said: "The IPCC exist to investigate allegations of individual misconduct by Police Officers. They are not there to investigate systemic abuses of power, which is what seem to be going on in cases such as the Climate Camp.
"I am a strong supporter of the Police. But there looks increasingly to be a need for additional oversight into the ways in which they interpret the law." ®
News > India
Delhi police might not be functioning to the best of its abilities, if crime records for 2015 and 2016 are to be believed. According a report in Hindustan Times, Delhi police has solved only 8.59 per cent of the total car theft cases and 29.14% snatching cases in the last two years.
The success rate of these cases including burglary and house break-ins is very low. According to the data, out of the 67,251 reported cases of vehicle theft, only 5,782 have been solved. Almost 90 percent of the cases have not even been opened for investigation yet. Only 15 percent of the 27,000 reported burglary cases were solved.
Delhi Police | Representational Image | Source: PTI
In its defence, a senior officer in Delhi Police said that the car theft problem was one involving other states that share borders with the landlocked Delhi. According to him, states need to work together to prevent criminals leaving with stolen things through porous borders.
“Barring a few, most border points are unmanned. Also, we have noticed that old vehicles are sold as junk in markets of west Delhi. The vehicles are dismantled in just a few hours and parts are sold separately,” the officer told HT.
The officer also rued the lack of stringent laws and the easy availability of bails.
However, the crime records reflected a much better number in case of rape. Over 85 per cent of rapes is solved, though there was only a 66 per cent success rate solving other crimes against women.
Feature Image Source: PTI
China has replicas of Venice, the White House, the World Trade Towers and the London-like Thames town—and once you know that it does not seem like such a stretch that there would be a faux Paris in China, too. In 2007, a town called Tianducheng, located about two hours west of Shanghai, began construction of a miniature Paris. The town—built to support a population of 10,000—came complete with a 300-foot tall Eiffel tower, grey Parisian facades, cobblestoned streets and Renaissance fountains. The Atlantic reports:
While the experts scoff, the people who build and inhabit these places are quite proud of them. As the saying goes, “The way to live best is to eat Chinese food, drive an American car, and live in a British house. That's the ideal life.” The Chinese middle class is living in Orange County, Beijing, the same way you listen to reggae music or lounge in Danish furniture. In practice, though, the depth and scale of this phenomenon has few parallels. No one knows how many facsimile communities there are in China, but the number is increasing every day.
In Tianducheng's case, however, things did not go as planned. Despite its charms, the residents never showed, and today, only a handful stroll those eastern boulevards. It's not that Paris isn't popular, but rather that the location is all wrong. Tianducheng's developers plopped the city in the middle of the rural countryside, cut off from urban connections or public transportation, the Huffington Post points out.
Now, the ghost town mainly attracts urban decay tourists and the occasional wedding couple who come to pose for photographs in front of the Eiffel tower. But experts warn that the Paris of the East hasn't lost its shot at becoming a bustling city of light and love quite yet. Business Insider explains:
China cannot afford to wait to build its new cities. Instead, investment and construction must be aligned with the future influx of urban dwellers. The “ghost city” critique misses this point entirely.
If and when Shanghai and China's countless other urban hubs spill into the countryside, Tianducheng and its neo-Classical apartments will be waiting.
More from Smithsonian.com:
Natural Gas Fracking May Be the Only Industry in China That's Developing Slowly
Hollywood Goes to China
This article originally appeared at Motherboard. The U.S. military maintains that its drone program delivers deadly “targeted strikes” against its enemies overseas, and yet,...
This article originally appeared at Motherboard.
The U.S. military maintains that its drone program delivers deadly “targeted strikes” against its enemies overseas, and yet, reports of civilians being killed by drones keep pouring in.
Secret documents prepared as part of a Pentagon report on the U.S. drone program in Yemen and Somalia, obtained by The Intercept, reveal the reason for this apparent contradiction: The U.S. military is over-reliant on signals intelligence, or SIGINT — such as cell phone records, or metadata, of who is called and when, as well as the content of phone and online communications — when selecting targets for drone strikes.
This kind of intelligence is often supplied by foreign governments, is difficult to confirm on the ground in Yemen and Somalia, and is easily gamed by adversaries, The Intercept report on the documents alleges. Basically, it's unreliable until a human confirms it. But in Yemen and Somalia, signals intelligence makes up more than half of the intel that goes into marking someone for death, the documents state.
“It's stunning the number of instances when selectors are misattributed to certain people,” the source who leaked the documents told The Intercept, “And it isn't until several months or years later that you all of a sudden realize that the entire time you thought you were going after this really hot target, you wind up realizing it was his mother's phone the whole time.”
Metadata such as phone records and ambiguous online chatter can only tell analysts so much about a potential target until someone confirms it; until that point, it's an exercise in interpretation. As a result, an apt metaphor for targeting someone for aerial assassination is touching a strange animal in a dark room, Christine Fair, associate professor of security studies at Georgetown University, told me over the phone.
Per Fair's metaphor, numerous people touch different parts of the animal — one person might feel leathery skin, another a horn — and an animal expert ties all these points of information together to make a conclusion: it must be a rhinoceros. But, until a person turns on the lights, you'd never know that it was actually a triceratops. Hopefully, nobody killed the animal before someone flipped the lights.
“When you have multiple means of intelligence, you can catch mistakes,” Fair said. “Signals intelligence alone is not quality intelligence. Whether you are using that for a sniper, whether you're using that for a drone, or whether it's a conventional air strike — it doesn't matter how you're eliminating that person.”
Fair's metaphor for intelligence gathering is unsettlingly close to what happens in the real world. In one instance, Fair said, she witnessed a meeting wherein someone had been targeted for a lethal operation. The two parties she was with — she would not say whom — had both analyzed signals intelligence and thought they had their man. They produced photos of two completely different people, acquired through human intelligence.
“This happens all the time,” Fair said. “The good news is that that was caught in a joint meeting, but had someone else not had a countervailing picture of the dude, who knows who would have been killed?”
The ineffectiveness of metadata in investigating potential targets has been well-documented in a domestic context. A declassified 2009 report on the NSA's phone metadata collection program, Stellarwind, concluded that between 2000 and 2004, just 1.2 percent of the tips that arose from the surveillance contributed to identifying a terror suspect. According to Fair, the issue with ineffective domestic spying is “the exact same” as that with drone killings based on signals intelligence.
The idea of a more precise and sanitary kind of war led by intelligence and automated weapons is the result of a misunderstanding about how well such technologies actually work, war futurist and New America Foundation strategist Peter Singer wrote me in an email.
“Mistakes happen all the time even with precise weapons, with the causes ranging from tech failure to bad information on the target's identity, to maybe it wasn't a mistake in the first place,” Singer wrote. “And second, we've changed our level of our expectations. Actions like the firebombing of Tokyo were accepted back in the 1940s, while single digit casualty counts are viewed by many as unacceptable today, rightly so according to most ethicists.”
But Somalia and Yemen are outliers in the drone war, Fair said. In Pakistan, there are many more “boots on the ground” available to confirm signals intelligence, she told me, and as a result fewer civilians die.
However, human rights organizations contest that civilians are still regularly killed in drone strikes in Pakistan, sometimes in much higher numbers than “legitimate” targets.
The solution proposed by the Pentagon in the secret report is to beef up the number of aircraft flying surveillance missions. Fair, however, suggested that more humans in the targeting loop are needed to confirm what the machines pick up.
Either way, it's clear that even with reams of data flowing through government servers and being picked apart by experts, the drone war is anything but precise.
You can have fullview and download tomorrow when it's complete. ^-^
Here's an idea: YOU decide what Lyra is saying. Keep it short, however. Tomorrow around this time (7pm EST) I'll choose my favorite and place the text in.
Line for Lyra Contest is OVER.Thank you for all of your thoughts! I was torn between a handful of them, but ultimately I loved the use of "mane" in the comment I chose. I didn't quote the original comment word for word, but it is based of his comment. "*sigh* My way of sitting is becoming too manestream"And of course, you'll get the credit.Kind of weird, I vectored the swing set and then used someone else's swing set.My vectors:"Filly Lyra Sitting Annoyed": [link] "MLP Swing Set" [link] Credits:"Birthday Double Bill - Extreme Swinging" by DrFatalChunk: [link] and by request: [link] Modified: "Foal's Mountain" by Hellswolfeh: [link]
As the gaping holes in our media shelves attest, The Simpsons hasn't released a new season on DVD since 2014, when it stopped home video production with season 17. And while that's obviously well past the point most people mark the show's decline, it'll still be a treat for completionists (and fans of the series' always-entertaining commentary tracks) to learn that The Simpsons is coming back to DVD. Featuring Fat Tony on the cover—because that's how close we're getting to the bottom of Springfield's barrel of personnel—Season 18 of the show will arrive on physical media this December.
Ad copy for the release calls the season a pivotal one, noting that it was the show's last outing before The Simpsons Movie arrived in 2007. Episodes from the season include the show's 400th episode, “You Kent Always Say What You Want,” and the 24-spoofing “24 Minutes,” plus the WGA-winning “Kill Gill, Volumes I & II.”
NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden's revelations on government mass surveillance have apparently scared a significant number of people away from searching for terrorism-related information on Wikipedia, as a new study shows readers are afraid of being investigated.
The conclusions come as the online encyclopedia giant showed a 30-percent drop in searches on terrorism-related topics – the most direct evidence yet of something called the "chilling effect," described by University of Oxford and Toronto's Jonathon Penney as the measure of the negative impact on legal conduct that arises out of the leaks by the former NSA contractor who exposed the PRISM program.
Many in academic circles have been denying that such an effect exists, as well as its potential negative fallout. This prompted Penney to delve deeper into the issue, which has steadily been rising in popularity across academic disciplines.
His findings are published in an upcoming paper in the Berkeley Technology Law Journal. There he analyzes the fall in traffic after taking a look at 48 Wikipedia topics monitored closely by the US government on national security concerns. "Al-Qaeda," "jihad" and related searches top the list compiled by the Department of Homeland Security.
Read more
To measure the effect Penney took as his starting point a date 16 months prior to the first revelation in summer 2013. In that period the interest in terrorism had been rising mildly from 2.2 million searches at the low point to 3.0 million just before the NSA leaks. As people woke up to Snowden's revelations, the figure plummeted rapidly back to the average 2.2 million, then further below 2.0, until stabilizing at 2.5 million only in summer 2014, according to Penney's calculations.
“The Article finds not only a statistically significant immediate decline in traffic for these Wikipedia articles after June 2013, but also a change in the overall secular trend in the view count traffic, suggesting not only immediate but also long-term chilling effects resulting from the NSA/PRISM online surveillance revelations,” Penney writes.
He also found that the more sensitive a topic was, the more likely it was to cause privacy concerns among the public. Penney established a list of more, and less, ‘safe' topics. The safer topics, which presumably reflected only a general interest in US government security forces, retained steady levels of interest.
READ MORE: DOJ faces legal fight with EFF over US govt ‘secret' surveillance requests
Penney's study joins a growing body of related research, such as that dealing with the increase in the number of online searches for privacy protection tools, like encryption and special web browsers.
More broadly, the research seeks to “offer important insights about how we should understand such chilling effects and their scope, including how they interact with other dramatic or significant events (like war and conflict) and their broader implications for privacy, US constitutional litigation, and the health of democratic society.”
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
People in Leitrim and Cavan are being asked to keep their eyes peeled for a missing ostrich.
The unusual request comes after Big Bird, an ostrich owned by Stephanie Palmer, went missing over two weeks ago when a tree fell onto the fence around his enclosure and he got out.
People in the Corlough, Corraleehan and wider south Leitrim/West Cavan regions are asked to be particularly vigilant after Big Bird was spotted on the Cortoon Road in Corlough last week, the Leitrim Observer reports.
And the ostrich was also spotted in Glenfarne along the Manorhamilton Road on Wednesday morning - June 24.
But his frantic owner Stephanie has not yet traced her beloved pet.
Posting on Facebook, she said: "We really want him back, so could you please share this in the Corlough/Corraleehan (and wider area) and please contact me if anyone spots him.
"Our Big Bird ran away 2 weeks ago when a tree fell onto the fence. He was last seen week on the Cortoon Road in Corlough."
Ostriches can reach speeds of 50km per hour and adult males could have a height of 2.8m or weigh almost 140kg.
People are advised not to approach Big Bird if he is spotted, but contact local gardai or Stephanie on Facebook.
Thank you Kickstarter! We successfully reached our goal thanks to nearly 2,500 backers.
Our sock is now for sale on our website here.
Two years ago we were looking for a pair of socks that were warm enough for a hike on the coldest days of winter, but comfortable enough to wear to work. We also wanted socks with a timeless look that were made in America. The wool socks that grandma got us for Christmas were great, but we felt like there had to be something better out there.
The answer is the American Bison. Their inner coat is made up of a short, soft fiber that is warmer than wool and softer than cashmere. Blended with a combination of US Merino wool, spandex, and nylon we have created a classic and comfortable sock that will keep your feet warm and dry all winter long.
Join us on the journey and help us create The Ultimate American Sock.
Our rewards are simple and straightforward and we have one goal: To get you wearing the most comfortable, unique, and American sock ever - supporting multiple American industries along the way.
We reached our goal within the first 36 hours! And this means all our Early Backer socks were snapped up within hours. Due to popular demand we've added several new reward levels that will still allow you to give the gift of The Ultimate American Sock this holiday season.
Our Christmas Gift Packs include a recycled paper notebook with a vintage Bison print, a tuft of raw bison down, and a gift card with a picture and details about the sock(s) you are gifting them. The Christmas Pack will ship in time for Christmas. The socks will ship by March.
Please note, in order to make the Christmas Packs affordable and to get them to backers before the holiday, we are restricting these to ship within the USA (all other levels can ship internationally).
STRETCH GOAL REACHED: We have now reached the volume necessary to add both Navy Blue and Brick Red as a color options. To be eligible for the new colors, you must be back at least 3 pairs of socks. You can choose from 1 pair of each color, 3 of the same color, or any other combination of at least 3 pairs. After the project is complete you will be able to choose your colors. For more details see our update.
Last year we set out to explore what it takes to make something in America. And what we learned was that many of the products made in this country are not necessarily made of US materials. Fueled by this realization, we set our sights on creating an everyday wearable item that was not only made in the US, but made of the most authentic American ingredients we could find.
Our search led us to an animal unique to our country: The American Bison (scientific name Bison bison. Also commonly referred to as the American Buffalo).
Not only are Bison unique to North America, but at roughly 2,000 pounds they are the largest land mammal to roam the continent. They are often considered the most majestic and fiercest animal in the country's national parks and preserves. Yet despite their importance to the landscape and people, American Bison were nearly hunted to extinction by 1890, at which time there were fewer than 800 left surviving. Luckily, the story did not end there. Protected by legislation, conservationists, and breeding programs of privatized ranchers – the Bison population is now near 500,000 and they are no longer an endangered or threatened species.
Bison are not just a uniquely American story, their inner-coat is a soft and insulating fiber with many properties more advanced than the world's best wool. This “down” coat is one of the reasons Bison have been able to survive in extreme climates of both hot and cold for millennia.
Compared to wool, bison down is warmer, better for moisture control, more durable and easier to care for. The major challenges of using bison down are it's short staple (length of fiber) and exorbitant cost - some of the reasons why you don't see it used more often.
Despite the challenges, we have spent the last year developing the yarn and have now created a sock that is technically sound, commercially viable, and fully made in America. We have put together a supply chain of ranchers out west, yarn spinners in the east, and a sock knitter in the Midwest to deliver a high quality sock that is responsibly made and durable.
When bought in small volume, one pound of Bison down can cost as much as $300 because each animal only produces approximately 4-6 ounces of usable fiber per year. The short length of the fiber also presents a major challenge for spinning sock yarns. It wasn't until we blended it with American merino wool (which has a long staple) that we were able to create a yarn stable enough to knit into socks.
The two major factors in creating a good sock yarn are Staple Length and Micron Count.
Once our yarns have been spun they are carefully knit into a sock that we engineered with one of the top sock knitters in the United States. With a flat toe seam, reinforced heel, and padding for support, the Ultimate American Sock is built for comfort and durability.
The final composition of the Ultimate American Sock is the result of thoughtful research and planning and results in a sock that is warm, technical, and incredibly durable.
The final product comes packaged in a box made in Wisconsin. The story of the sock and its journey through America is an integral part of the package's design.
This box is too cool to get rid of, so we are hoping you will find another use for it. But if you do decide to throw it away, be sure to toss it in your compost - this box is certified biodegradable and compostable.
The Ultimate American Sock comes in two sizes. The fit and sizes are unisex. Reference the below chart for what size you would wear.
These socks are incredibly easy to care for. Due to their antimicrobial properties, feel free to wear them a few times before washing. But when they do need to be cleaned, simply machine wash warm, inside out. Then tumble dry with low heat. No need to bleach, iron or dry clean the Ultimate American Sock!
My name is Brian and we are United By Blue. We're based in Philadelphia and have been making and selling responsible, durable goods for nearly five years now. Using natural and sustainable fibers we make everything from shirts and bags to socks. And for every product that we sell, we remove one pound of trash from our nation's oceans and waterways through company organized and hosted cleanups (116 cleanups and 203,510 lbs of trash and counting).
United By Blue is a certified B Corporation. B Corps are certified by the nonprofit B Lab to meet rigorous standards of social and environmental performance, accountability, and transparency.
We've engineered a brand-new product with a supply chain we put together through months of research. As a new product, we are uncertain of the demand for it. In order to make The Ultimate American Sock commercially viable we need to buy hundreds of pounds of Bison fiber, but this will cost us upwards of $15,000 - a big risk unless we have a reason for all the Bison fiber.
This is why we have turned to you and Kickstarter. With your support we can help redefine American made.
Internet Governance Forum / Livestream
The UK government's proposed surveillance legislation is "worse than scary", the United Nations privacy chief has said.
Joseph Cannataci, the UN's special rapporteur on privacy, attacked the government's draft Investigatory Powers Bill, saying he had never seen evidence that mass surveillance works. He also accused MPs of leading an "absolute offensive" and an "orchestrated" media campaign to distort the debate and take hold of new powers.
Advertisement
The comments came during a live streamed keynote presentation at the Internet Governance Forum in Brazil, where leading experts from around the world have gathered to discuss the future of the internet and web policy.
In a wide-ranging presentation and discussion panel Cannataci -- who has previously said the UK's digital surveillance is similar to George Orwell's 1984 -- discussed the state of surveillance and privacy around the world. Pausing to briefly talk about the Home Office's new bill, but without going deeply into detail, Cannataci said: "The snoopers' charter in the UK is just a bit worse than scary, isn't it."
Read next How REFUNITE's 'Google for refugees' is helping reunite families torn apart by war How REFUNITE's 'Google for refugees' is helping reunite families torn apart by war
The snoopers' charter in the UK is just a bit worse than scary, isn't it Joseph Cannataci, United Nations special rapporteur on prviacy
He went on to say one of the "misleading comments that has been made in the UK parliament" is that people shouldn't worry about the bill, which will see communications service providers be forced to retain everyone's website data for up to 12 months.
Advertisement
Under the bill, as it currently stands, police and surveillance agencies will be able to access the metadata -- the who, what, when, and where of communications, but not their content -- of websites suspected criminals have visited, without a warrant. Cannataci said that the ability to intercept communications now is completely different to when original surveillance legislation was passed, and that metadata is still important. "What we're talking about here is the context, and the context is completely different. When those laws were put into place there was no internet or the internet was not used in the way it is today," he said. "It is the golden age of surveillance, they've never had so much data. I am just talking about metadata, I haven't got down to content." The Home Office has said that authorities will only access internet connection records on a "case-by-case basis and only where it was necessary and proportionate" to do so.
Also included in the bill are two new levels of judicial oversight, which will see judges reviewing the surveillance decisions of ministers -- which officials have said is part of a "world leading" oversight system.
It is the golden age of surveillance, they've never had so much data Joseph Cannataci, UN special rapporteur on privacy
Read next Toxic e-waste in Asia jumps 63% in five years Toxic e-waste in Asia jumps 63% in five years
Upon announcing the bill in the House of Commons last week Home Secretary Theresa May said the new legislation was being introduced to ensure surveillance laws are "modern, fit for purpose and can respond to emerging threats as technology advances".
Cannataci said he was pleased that the UK was now open to having a debate about its surveillance powers and had laid its cards on the table. He said that this was better than the situation in many other countries. The Home Office argues that nothing new is being introduced by the law.
As part of the documentation with the proposed legislation the government confirmed it had been using previous laws to collect vast amounts of data about phone calls for the previous ten years, as reported by the BBC. "I won't mince my words, but many governments at this moment in time are putting in new laws to legitimise that which they are already doing or which that they had to do," Cannataci said, although not directly speaking about the UK at the time. "Mass surveillance is alive and well but governments are finding ways of making that the law of the land. "It can be necessary and proportionate to have targeted surveillance and what I am saying is that there's not yet any evidence which convinces me that it is necessary and proportionate to have mass surveillance."
The Investigatory Powers bill, which will now be scrutinised by a committee of MPs, also legitimises bulk data collection and the ability for intelligent services to hack the phones and computers of those who are suspected of crimes including terrorism.
Advertisement
It was published following several weeks of promotion and anonymous briefings by government officials, which included the first ever live radio interview by a boss of Mi5, and a Times reporter being allowed into GCHQ. "We're now at the stage where for the first time we have an absolute offensive," said Cannataci as he commented on the promotion of the bill. "Just do a media analysis ladies and gentlemen, do a media analysis of the way the British establishment is trotting out news about the law and the need for the law and ask yourselves the question 'If this is not orchestrated then what is?'"
Theresa May, as she announced the bill, said: "We are setting out a modern legal framework which brings together current powers in a clear and comprehensible way". "This new legislation will underpin the work of law enforcement and the security and intelligence agencies for years to come. It is their licence to operate -- with the democratic approval of Parliament -- to protect our national security and the public's safety."
(Updated March 19, 2015) The American Center for Law and Justice is continuing to pursue legal action in a major lawsuit against Planned Parenthood California that could have a nationwide impact. But first it has to win its lawsuit in front of a judge - or a set of justices.
Planned Parenthood is accused of illegally overcharging the federal government by over $200 million.
ACLJ attorney Walter Weber, who is handling the case, says the lawsuit is a whistleblower lawsuit under the False Claims Act, a federal law designed to protect the federal government from cheating the government - and hence the taxpayers.
"This case happens to be brought by a private whistleblower, and former chief financial officer, of the Los Angeles Planned Parenthood," Weber tells OneNewsNow. Tweet to @ACLJ
The former Planned Parenthood employee is Victor Gonzalez, who knew the organization was not allowed to make a profit off the government. According to the complaint, Planned Parenthood was marking up the reimbursement costs by more than ten times, when the abortion giant is required by law to bill the federal government at cost.
One facility allegedly obtained birth control pills for approximately $32,000 but billed the government nearly $155,000.
In a press release, ACLJ explains its lengthy attempt to have a court hear its lawsuit. A federal court ruled that Gonzalez is not a whistleblower but that decision was reversed on appeal.
The same Court of Appeals that found Gonzalez meets the definition later found that Planned Parenthood did not knowingly violate the law, and suggested that California government officials seemed to approve of the violations.
ACLJ provided the court with documents that show government officials told Planned Parenthood it could not mark up its charges. But because the courts threw out the case at the pleadings stage, ACLJ was denied the opportunity to go to trial with that evidence.
ACLJ is now asking the U.S. Supreme Court to take the case.
Alberta Law Enforcement Response Teams have made a number of arrests and seized a huge cache of drugs after a raid on a Calgary-based drug operation.
ALERT says the year-long investigation, dubbed Project Offshore, has netted over $4M worth of fentanyl, cocaine and methamphetamine.
The operation was conducted with the help of the Calgary Police Service, RCMP, Lethbridge Police, Alberta Sheriffs, Canadian Air Transport Security Authority, Seized Property Management Directorate, Canada Revenue Agency and the Financial Transactions and Reports Analysis Centre of Canada.
Authorities say that Project Offshore was initiated to take down a drug trafficking group that was allegedly involved in wholesale distribution and money laundering.
A total of 11 homes were searched in Calgary and 11 suspects have been arrested and charged with more than 125 criminal offences.
"This was a complex, robust investigation that deployed a variety of specialized resources and police techniques," said CPS Insp. Patty McCallum, who works in Calgary's ALERT section.
ALERT seized 15,757 fentanyl pills and 28 kilograms of methamphetamine in the operation. It is the largest seizure of fentanyl in the agency's history and the meth seizure is more than double the previous record in the whole province.
The operation also seized:
6.7 kilograms of cocaine
1.5 kilograms of crack cocaine
75 kilograms of cocaine buffing agent
three cocaine conversion labs
11 handguns
body armour and various weapons
McCallum says the seizure of the firearms comes as a relief for investigators. "Some of these handguns had serial numbers removed and some were converted to shoot fully automatic. Guns in the hands of drug dealers puts everyone at risk. This reinforces the close relationship between drugs and violence."
ALERT also seized $523,232 in cash proceeds of crime and blocked off a million-dollar mansion, owned by Simon Yuen, in north Calgary. It's believed the home was purchased with funds acquired through illegal means.
Yuen was allegedly part of a group that also included Guan Chen, Chang Yong Yun and Benham Fayaz, all considered to be key figures in the drug trafficking community.
Charges have been laid against the following as a result of the bust:
Jonathan Aaron Bejo, a 25-year-old man from Calgary (eight charges)
Guan Chen, a 27-year-old man from Calgary (21 charges)
Jia Nan Chen, a 29-year-old woman from Calgary (nine charges)
Danny Ho Ming Chui, a 36-year-old man from Calgary (nine charges)
Hue Thi “Kim” Do, a 39-year-old woman from Calgary (one charge)
Behnam Fayaz, a 31-year-old man from Calgary (31 charges)
Jamal Mohamud, a 29-year-old man from Calgary (15 charges)
Chang Yong Yun, a 37-year-old man from Calgary (11 charges)
Lanssa Yousuf, a 28-year-old woman from Calgary (12 charges)
Simon Sui-Sang Yuen, a 34-year-old man from Calgary (nine charges)
Jian Nan Zhao, a 28-year-old man from Calgary (one charge)
Kathleen Ganley, Alberta's Justice Minister and Solicitor-General, says the bust is a perfect example of how ALERT is such a vital tool for law enforcement.
"Project Offshore is proof that ALERT's integrated approach works. Although the criminal organization targetted in this case was based in Calgary, it allegedly trafficked drugs and laundered money throughout Alberta."
McCallum says that it's anyone's guess how much in the way of drugs are in Alberta and they are not expecting to be able to seize every bit.
"This certainly puts a dent in the abilities of the drug traffickers but, more importantly, it ensures there is safety in the communities and the law enforcement agencies."
Yuen, Mohamud and Jia Chen have evaded police so far and warrants have been issued for their arrest.
Anyone with information about their whereabouts is asked to contact their local police detachment or Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-TIPS (8477).
Project Offshore - By the Numbers by CTV Calgary on Scribd
“Women unite.”
The simple message was emblazoned on the sign found hanging, abandoned on a fence at Washington Square Park—across the street from Newberry Library in Chicago—in the days following the January 21 Women's March.
Homemade posters, pussyhats, and buttons with slogans like “Women's rights are human rights”—it's the stuff that suddenly emerges during public demonstrations and just as quickly disappears, says Martha Briggs, Newberry's curator of modern manuscripts.
“They're created and discarded or put away or forgotten about; we want to get them while they're still around,” Briggs says, noting that the sign found in Washington Square Park “brought home the idea that this stuff … was sitting right outside our front door.”
The “Women unite” sign is one of the many pieces of ephemera donated to Newberry after the library recently put out a call for items associated with the march. Newberry, which is focusing its collection on Chicago, is among dozens of libraries and museums nationwide collecting protest material.
The collection is an expansion of an archive Newberry launched in early 2016—“Civil War to Civil Rights: African-American Chicago in the Newberry Collection”—which includes protest material from recent Black Lives Matter demonstrations in Chicago, Briggs says.
Alex Teller, Newberry's director of communication and editorial services, said the search for protest materials from the women's marches in Chicago and from Chicagoans who marched in Washington, D.C., grew out of the call for Black Lives Matter protest materials.
“We felt like we're in a period of time where the landscape of social action and political action is evolving and shifting and changing,” Teller says. “We wanted to make sure we were documenting it as it's happening by collecting ephemera.”
In addition to accepting donations of physical items, the library also established a web page that allows march participants to upload photos with captions to Newberry's digital archive, Teller says.
The captions provide “a storytelling dimension to the digital photo submission process that will eventually be part of the digital gallery that will be made available to the public,” he says.
The library has already received hundreds of images and more than 100 signs, according to Teller and Briggs.
The signs and other material are not just about making a political statement, but “they express something about the people who made them, so that's another big reason we are keen to collect these things,” Teller says.
Briggs said most of the donated protest signs are handmade and cover a wide range of topics.
“Of course, what we're collecting doesn't tell the whole story, but it gives an idea of what everyday people who participated in these events were thinking,” she says.
Briggs says Newberry will continue to collect signs and other material donated from future demonstrations, and archivists there are hoping the material crosses the political spectrum. “We want it to be a representative sample of social activism at this time in Chicago or by Chicagoans,” she says.
The digital archive associated with the women's marches will be available soon, but the library does not have a definite date for when it will exhibit the signs and other physical ephemera, Briggs says.
The material is being stored in Newberry's climate-controlled stacks facility and will ultimately be available for viewing in the library's reading room. Donations can be delivered or mailed to the library at 60 W. Walton St., Chicago, Illinois 60610.
More information is available by emailing protestarchive@newberry.org.
Kingdom Hearts HD 1.5 Remix (PS3)
In March of 2002, Kingdom Hearts was released for the PlayStation 2. Now more than a decade late, the game is being re-released for the PlayStation 3 with a new graphics overhaul.
Kingdom Hearts was one of the first games I played on PlayStation 2 (Along with God of War) and it was the first J-RPG that I found tolerable. Sure the story bits were filled with nonsense, the main draws for me were the non-turn based combat and the Disney universe. (Today, Disney Infinity fills the need for mixing things up in the Disney Universe.)
I have never played beyond the first entry in this series, I have tried both the PSP incarnation and the PlayStation 2 sequel, but never devoted any time to them. Now, with the amount of time that has passed, it feels like a great time to revisit the franchise.Who knows, maybe we will see a Kingdom Hearts 2.5 before the next-gen release of Kingdom Hearts 3 in 2015
The biggest challenge facing director Tetsuya Nomura during the development of Kingdom Hearts HD 1.5 Remix was recreating all the assets after discovering the elements from the original game had been lost forever
“Kingdom Hearts was created a long, long time ago, the original data was missing already. It was lost so we had to research, to dig out the original game and recreate everything for HD. It was not that easy.”
So what do you get with Kingdom Hearts 1.5 HD? The disc is a compilation of the original Kingdom Hearts (via Kingdom Hearts: Final Mix a version previously exclusive to Japan,) and Kingdom Hearts Re:Chain of Memories (an upgraded version of the GBA game.)
In addition, the two-in-one-disc package features HD cinematic story videos from Kingdom Hearts 358/2 Days,(the total running time is about three hours) enhanced game play mechanics and PlayStation 3 system trophies.
The game is out today and it is $39.99. A limited edition was also available to people who pre-ordered, it contained an art-book
Purchase the game on Amazon
View the launch trailer
The Texas Tech baseball team is off to a hot start in Big 12 play at 5-1. This weekend the Red Raiders completed a home sweep of the Oklahoma Sooners.
The No. 23 Texas Tech baseball team could not have asked for a much better start to Big 12 league play. After taking the first conference series of the year last weekend two games to one over Baylor, the Red Raiders came home to sweep the Oklahoma Sooners in a three-game set.
A 5-0 shutout got the series off to a great start on Thursday night. Freshman starting pitcher Davis Martin picked up his second win on the year after throwing six shutout innings. In nine appearances this year, Martin has put up an excellent 2.18 ERA over 20 innings pitched.
Offensively, five different Texas Tech hitters knocked in a run as Texas Tech took advantage of an Oklahoma pitching staff that struggled to find the plat all evening. At one point, the Sooners' pitchers threw 17 consecutive balls to Texas Tech hitters.
Friday, saw another five run victory for the home team as yet another freshman starting pitcher, Steven Gingery picked up the win. The lefty from Huntington Beach, California tossed seven innings allowing only one run and striking out six.
For the second consecutive game, Texas Tech spread the wealth offensively with six different players picking up a RBI. Junior outfielder Stephen Smith hit his second home run of the season in the sixth inning to give the Red Raiders their final run of the evening. On the season, Smith is hitting .302 and has driven in 12.
Today, Texas Tech had to rely on its offense to dig out of an early five run holes. The team's third freshman starter of the series, Ty Harpenau failed to get out of the second inning leaving with a 6-1 deficit.
But the Red Raiders had offensive fireworks in store for the Oklahoma pitching staff. Scoring five runs in the third inning, Texas Tech tied the game at 6-6.
Four more runs in the bottom of the fourth inning put the Red Raiders up 10-6. Shortstop Orlando Garcia capped the inning with a two-out, two-run double to right field giving the home team breathing room.
Three extra runs in the fifth inning would give Texas Tech 13 runs on the day to secure a 13-7 win and a series sweep. The five run comeback was the largest for the Texas Tech baseball program since 2012.
Head coach Tim Tadlock's team has taken care of business in the first two series of the year. The team is winning despite having to rely on a number of freshman pitchers.
Coming into the season, most expected the Texas Tech lineup featuring first baseman Eric Gutierrez, outfielders Stephen Smith and Tyler Neslony and designated hitter Corey Raley to put up plenty of runs. The question surrounding this team was whether or not the young pitching staff could hold up against Big 12 competition.
Thus far, the Texas Tech pitching staff has allowed an average of 2.66 runs per game in Big 12 play. The Red Raiders have the most conference wins in the league with five and sit at third in the Big 12 race.
After a two-game mid-week series in Las Vegas against UNLV, Texas Tech Baseball returns to Rip Griffin Park next weekend to host Kansas State for three games. Friday's game will begin at 6:30 pm with first pitch on Saturday at 2 pm and on Sunday at noon.
The fourth suspect in a violent attack on a woman that left her dog severely injured has turned himself in, say police.
Police say they were called to a reported break-in near 117th Avenue and 80th Street around 6:30 p.m. Tuesday.
When officers arrived, they were told four men tried to push their way into the home of a female acquaintance after a discussion turned violent. One of the men brought out a machete.
As the men tried to enter the home, the woman's 4-year-old pit bull Mercy lunged in to protect her owner, absorbing the worst of the attack. She received several life-threatening wounds.
After Mercy's intervention, the men fled.
Mercy was taken to an emergency veterinarian clinic where she required immediate surgery to save her life. She is now recovering, but is on an IV drip and painkillers.
Mercy's owner herself received only minor injuries.
Dr. Brent Jackson, who treated Mercy, said she received two serious gashes from the machete.
“The wounds had gone through the skin and fat and muscle and down to the bone, so they were definitely were intending to do significant harm to her in the attack,” he said.
Police chip in to help cover dog's medical costs
Edmonton Staff Sgt. Randy Wickins is commending Mercy for defending her owner, saying the outcome of the situation could have been very different.
EPS Staff Sgt. Randy Wickins said the attack on the home could have ended very different had Mercy not intervened. (CBC)
“Anything's possible ... I don't know where this assault would have ended – but I think the assault on her was effectively stopped by the dog.”
Police officers later chipped in about $400 to help cover the cost of the expensive procedure.
“It was the downtown division police officers just pulling together knowing they needed to make something happen and they did it,” said Wickins.
“We are relieved the surgery was successful and she is expected to make a full recovery.”
Detectives and officers worked throughout the night to track down the four suspects, arresting two males and one youth by the morning. The fourth suspect, a 19-year-old man, turned himself in around 7 p.m. Wednesday.
Each of the four suspects is charged with break and enter to commit assault with a weapon, possession of a weapon dangerous to the public and cruelty to an animal.
Cameramen film at the scene where a man was shot dead by the police after attacking passengers on a train with an ax near the city of Wuerzburg, Germany July 19, 2016. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach
BERLIN (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia has offered to help German investigators find those behind Islamist bomb and ax attacks in July, news magazine Der Spiegel reported on Saturday, citing a senior member of the Saudi government.
Saudi authorities are in contact with their German colleagues, responding to new findings that show both attackers were in close contact via a chat conversation with possible Islamic State backers from Saudi Arabia, Spiegel said.
Traces of the chat, which investigators have been able to reconstruct, indicate that both men were not only influenced by but also took instructions from people, as yet unidentified, up until the attacks, the report said.
The Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for an attack on July 18 near Wuerzburg in Bavaria in which a 17-year-old refugee believed to be from Pakistan or Afghanistan wounded five people with an ax before police shot him dead.
A 27-year-old Syrian who blew himself up in Ansbach, southern Germany on July 24 had pledged allegiance to Islamic State on a video found on his mobile phone, investigators said. Islamic State claimed responsibility for the bombing, which wounded 15 people.
Bavaria's Interior Minister said at the end of July that the Ansbach bomber had been “significantly influenced” in a chat conversation on his mobile phone that ended just before the attack.
Another reason was to make an example of Iago, a warning to any who might dare attack the foundations of the state and the order of the universe. The spectacle of such punishments was, in the words of Queen Elizabeth I, to evoke “the terror of others.”
The final reason is one Shakespeare may have found the most intriguing. In Cinthio's novella, the source from which he took the outlines of the story, multiple motives animated this Machiavellian schemer. Shakespeare went out of his way to jettison them. No, Iago has not been demoted by Othello. No, he does not suspect that Othello has seduced his wife or tarnished his reputation.
Shakespeare makes Iago an enigma. If we could only fathom the psyche that harbored such malignancy, runs our delusion, then we might recognize the next avatar of evil and stop him before he creates chaos and evil. But Iago refuses to explain himself.
“Demand me nothing,” he declares in the play's last scene. “What you know, you know: / From this time forth I never will speak word.”
Shakespeare understood, I submit, the sick curiosity humans have when confronted by something infinitely perverse. “Torments will ope your lips,” boasts one of Iago's captors, and we onlookers, mired in our imperfect humanity, share that craving to see Iago's soul cracked open so he can pour forth his secrets. But we never hear another syllable from this “hellish villain.”
When I am entangled in the emotions of “Othello,” distraught at innocence smothered and murdered, I, too, wish to see Iago suffer without pause for his sins. I suspect every modern audience member feels, as Shakespeare's spectators did, an indecent satisfaction at imagining someone so irredeemably wicked being tormented without remission.
Only when we have the moral courage to declare that someone like Iago, who has done so much harm, should not be put on the rack or have his genitals slashed or be forced to open his lips and scream and scream … only then, when we understand that hurting him in this way degrades us all, will we have advanced toward banishing this plague of cunning cruelty from the earth. I fear that day will be a long time coming.
ASSOCIATED PRESS Activists of All Assam Minorities Students Union shout slogans during a torch protest against the lynching of a man accused of rape in Gauhati, in the northeastern Indian state of Assam, Saturday, March 7, 2015. The government of northeastern India's Nagaland state has suspended three officials and deployed paramilitary soldiers after a mob stormed a high-security jail, dragged away the man and then lynched him, officials said Saturday. The incident has sparked protests in the neighboring state of Assam, where the man, identified as Farid Khan, was from. (AP Photo/ Anupam Nath)
"Twenty-two people have been arrested for rioting and attacking the prison complex," state's top police officer L.L. Doungel told Reuters.
Several thousand people in restive Nagaland state attacked the prison to drag out a rape suspect, beat him to death and tied the body to a clock tower on Thursday, forcing authorities to impose a curfew to restore order.
Kohima/Guwahati — The police arrested 22 people on Sunday over last week's storming of a high security prison in Nagaland and subsequent lynching of a rape suspect, an act of mob violence that sparked protests in a region divided on religious and ethnic lines.
Police said they were struggling to identify people directly involved in the murder of Syed Farid Khan, 35, who had been accused of raping a 19-year-old Naga tribal woman multiple times.
Muslims in Nagaland and Assam protested against the lynching on Saturday and authorities put a freeze on internet and SMS phone messaging services after videos of the attack surfaced.
Khan's brother linked the murder to ethnic tensions within Nagaland, whose indigenous groups have for decades accused a growing number of Muslim migrants from Bangladesh of illegally grabbing their fertile land.
The family accused police of falsely implicating Khan in the rape to try to root out Muslims from Nagaland.
Nagaland rape accused who was lynched was an Indian national, not illegal immigrant: Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi — NDTV (@ndtv) March 7, 2015
The lynching also follows an outpouring of anger in India over violence against women.
Khan's lynching coincided with controversy over a government order to ban the broadcasting of a documentary about the fatal gang-rape in December 2012 of a young student in New Delhi that caused shock within India and around the world.
Curfew was clamped in Dimapur town as protests rocked many parts of Assam and a 12-hour bandh was observed in the Barak valley.
Additional Director General of Police (Law and Order) G Akheto Seema said that curfew had been imposed in Dimapur town from three pm till 12 midnight on Sunday to maintain peace.
"It's about immigrants, and politics adds fuel to fire"
Khan was buried at his native Bosla village in Karimganj district amidst tight security. A large number of people attended the burial with former minister and Karimganj (South) MLA Siddeque Ahmed being present, Karimganj Deputy Commissioner Sanjiv Gohain Boruah said.
Khan's body had been airlifted to Karimganj last evening after Nagaland authorities handed over his body to the Dimapur Muslim Council.
The Barak valley bandh in Assam, called by several political, social and business organisations, was total as shops and marketplaces were closed and vehicular traffic remained off the road, official reports from the districts said.
There was, however, no report of any untoward incident from the three districts of Karimganj, Cachar and Hailakandi of the valley where the bandh was observed, officials said.
The Nagland government has imposed a 48-hour Internet blackout in the state beginning last night after videos related to the lynching of the rape accused in Dimapur surfaced on the net.
STILL defending the Nagaland mob? Remember: Those who don't hesitate to kill on your behalf will not hesitate to kill you on others' behalf. — Nigel Britto (@NigelBritto) March 7, 2015
When the law fails, the mob takes over. @KanchanGupta minces no words over the Nagaland vigilante justice incident http://t.co/mW02gXXiNK — Sachin Kalbag (@SachinKalbag) March 7, 2015
The government order published in the local newspapers today also instructed mobile service providers to block SMS/MMS services.
Syed Farid Khan, hailing from Assam, owned a motorparts shop in Dimapur. He had been arrested on suspicion of raping a woman in Dimapur on February 24 and remanded to judicial custody in the Dimapur Central Jail the next day.
On March 5, a mob broke into the jail, dragged him out, stripped him naked, beat him up, pelted him with stones and dragged him towards the centre of Dimapur town, seven kilometres away. He died from his injuries on the way after which the mob displayed his body from a clock tower.
We received hundreds of responses using the #DearPOTUS hashtag, including ones from dogs. America Tonight
As a part of our #DearPOTUS project, we asked you to tell us what one thing you wanted from President Barack Obama in Tuesday's State of the Union address. You responded by the hundreds, sending us more than 90 photos, countless tweets and several (lengthy) emails. We've been hard at work analyzing the responses and identifying the top issues you wanted President Obama to address. So did he deliver?
No. 1: 'Stop spying'
No issue resonated more with our online audience than surveillance and the National Security Agency, accounting for about 11 percent of all responses, the highest number for any given topic. “Dear Mr. President, I want you to stop spying on me,” one viewer wrote. “Please.” Almost eight months after Edward Snowden first disclosed top-secret documents on the NSA's surveillance program, described as the most significant intelligence leak since the Pentagon Papers, the Obama administration is beginning to address the questions and the backlash they have generated. The president avoided spotlighting the issue heavily in his speech by giving a dedicated address on the subject earlier this month, announcing significant changes in how the government gathers and uses telephone records, and vowing to restrict intelligence agencies from gaining access to data and records. Though the president has insisted that there's no evidence that the NSA abused its power in retrieving and using phone records, the White House's review of how intelligence is collected post-Snowden has been seen as an anticipated step in pulling back the government's surveillance, both domestic and abroad. On Tuesday, the president used just 37 words in the 6,778-word State of the Union address on the topic. "That's why, working with this Congress, I will reform our surveillance programs," said Obama, "because the vital work of our intelligence community depends on public confidence, here and abroad, that the privacy of ordinary people is not being violated."
No. 2: 'Forgive student loans'
Responses about student loans overwhelmed us in number and desperation. Perhaps it shouldn't have been so surprising; more than 70 percent of the class of 2012 college graduates from left school with debt, totalling an average of $29,400 per borrower, according to The Project on Student Debt. And these fresh diplomas are entering a job market where starting salaries have been slipping each year, now in the mid-$30,000s. Today, Americans owe more in student loans than on credit cards. In his speech, Obama cited the significant student loan reforms, which were part of the 2010 Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, that are kicking in this year, such as reducing repayments to 10 percent of income. He also touted his plan to give "colleges more incentives to offer better value." The administration's proposed rating system for colleges and universities, which would include metrics like graduation rates, average debt burdens and graduate earnings, and then tie financial aid to the results, roused mixed responses in the higher education community. The president didn't say anything, however, on the topic of private student loans, which have far fewer protections than federal ones. He also didn't point to any effort to address the skyrocketing cost of college tuition. But he did add, vaguely, that he wants to work with Congress "to see how we can help even more Americans who feel trapped by student loan debt."
No. 3: 'End drone strikes'
Many of you told us you want President Obama to end U.S. drone strikes, operations he significantly expanded since taking office. Under Obama, the CIA has launched six times the number of drone strikes in Pakistan than it did during the presidency of his predecessor, George W. Bush. In 2009, President Obama established and quickly expanded America's air war in Yemen, which included the first known targeted killing of a U.S. citizen living abroad in 2011. He also presided over the advent of the "signature" strike, in which groups of men believed to be militants associated with terrorist groups are targeted, but whose identities aren't always confirmed. Though the civilian casualty rate per strike has decreased under Obama compared to Bush, more Americans are raising concerns about who is being targeted, who is being killed and the fallout on the ground. Despite backlash from some corners, most Americans support the drone program. And with the exception of a struggling effort to gradually move the program from the purview of the CIA to the military, the president has not indicated any new effort to rein in the use of drones. During Tuesday's speech, he defended limits he'd set on the strikes. "So even as we actively and aggressively pursue terrorist networks -– through more targeted efforts and by building the capacity of our foreign partners -–America must move off a permanent war footing," the president said. "That's why I've imposed prudent limits on the use of drones -– for we will not be safer if people abroad believe we strike within their countries without regard for the consequence." As we reported in this in-depth account, a U.S. drone struck a wedding convoy in a remote part of central Yemen last month, killing 12 civilians. Did that strike meet those limits?
No. 4: 'Focus on income inequality'
Many #DearPOTUS submissions called for the White House to focus on economic issues such as ensuring a living wage for workers, helping to create better jobs, shrinking income inequality and pursuing justice for the 2008 economic crisis. Several people affiliated with Restaurant Opportunities Centers United tweeted pictures pleading for a raise in the $2.13 minimum wage for tipped workers. President Obama raised a few of those concerns Tuesday night. In fact, he took some leadership on the issue by announcing that he would be giving some employees a raise himself. "I will issue an executive order requiring federal contractors to pay their federally funded employees a fair wage of at least $10.10 an hour – because if you cook our troops' meals or wash their dishes, you should not have to live in poverty," the president said. However, John Anderson, a cook at the Smithsonian's National Museum of the American Indian, told Joie Chen early Wednesday on America Tonight that the president's plan wouldn't help him or his coworkers. It will only help new hires. In one of his more impassioned moments of the night, Obama also called on Congress to give other low-wage workers a raise. "Today, the federal minimum wage is worth about 20 percent less than it was when Ronald Reagan first stood here. And Tom Harkin and George Miller have a bill to fix that by lifting the minimum wage to $10.10. It's easy to remember, $10.10. This will help families. It will give businesses customers with more money to spend. It does not involve any new bureaucratic program." Several #DearPOTUS submissions we received expressed hostility toward the Trans-Pacific Partnership mega-deal in the works, and the potential threat it poses to American jobs. But in his speech, Obama seemed to pointedly counter those criticisms. "When 98 percent of our exporters are small businesses, new trade partnerships with Europe and the Asia Pacific will help them create more jobs," he said. "We need to work together on tools like bipartisan Trade Promotion Authority to protect our workers, protect our environment, and open new markets to new goods stamped 'Made in the USA.'"
Other issues you raised
View more photos and how other Al Jazeera America viewers responded to Tuesday's address.
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
Chuck Morgan, who headed the American Civil Liberties Union Washington office in the early 1970s, was both a character and a good friend. Chuck hailed from Birmingham, Alabama, and was, of course, a graduate of the University of Alabama who gained notoriety as a staunch champion of civil rights at a time when standing up for blacks in Alabama was neither all that safe nor a career enhancer. He was what his fellow Southerners would have labeled an “agitator” and he spent his life and career living up to the label. In Washington, he stood up for anti-war protesters and, no lover of Republicans or President Richard Nixon, was the driving force in the formation of the Committee to Impeach the President.
He was also one of the wisest and most honest men I have had the pleasure of knowing. We didn't agree on much politically, but spent time together arguing over a glass or two of good bourbon and laughing about what was going on around us in those days. He died a decade ago, but I've been reminded often in recent days of why he finally parted ways with the ACLU.
Morgan was a Southerner and when Jimmy Carter first appeared on the scene, he was offended by his belief that half the early opposition the Georgian faced stemmed not from his views, but from the fact that he was a Southerner and “talked funny.” As it turned out, there were other problems with Mr. Carter, but even at the time — though I was certainly no Carter fan — I had to agree with Chuck's view that much of the anti-Carter feelings within the Democratic establishment and media were traceable to anti-Southern bigotry.
The issue came to a head for Chuck when, in early 1976, he attended a reception and got into it with a New York liberal who informed him in no uncertain terms that he could never vote for Mr. Carter because of his “Southern accent.” It was too much for Chuck who informed the man “That's bigotry, and that makes you a bigot.” The ACLU leadership in New York was appalled and reprimanded Morgan, no doubt on behalf of the organization's New York financial base. Morgan, who had fought bigotry all his life and knew it when he saw it, resigned.
Regional and cultural as well as racial bigotry has always existed and probably always will. They are part of the homogenized establishment and media outrage at the way President Trump talks. The Trump Tower may be in Manhattan, but the president is a product of a culture that dominates the outer boroughs and he sounds funny to those who haven't spent much time in Brooklyn or Queens. They, like Mr. Carter's critics, may have other reasons to disagree with him, but they come to the table with a bias that Morgan would have recognized for what it is.
In today's America some forms of bigotry are beyond the pale — others not so much. A journalist or columnist dumb or insensitive enough to criticize the way a black or Hispanic talks or looks would lose his job. A baseball player who mocks someone who happens to be Asian is roundly criticized and faces a suspension for doing so, but it is acceptable to make fun of or even discriminate against some others.
Thus last week, New York Times columnist Frank Bruni felt free to make fun of White House Spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders because, well, she talks not like a Manhattanite, but a Southerner. It may come as a shock to Mr. Bruni, but more Americans sound like she does than he might imagine, not because they are dumb. It's because they don't come from Manhattan but from parts of the country he would just as soon ignore and, amazingly, don't share his views.
Mr. Bruni, a certified liberal columnist for The New York Times, first made his name as the paper's restaurant critic and probably felt comfortable knowing that few Southerners frequented Manhattan eateries that charge more for a meal than many “deplorables” make in a week.
On the opposite coast, another columnist attacked her for the way she looks, saying she “looks more like a slightly chunky soccer mom who organizes snacks for the kids' games” than a White House spokesperson. He at least had second thoughts and apologized, but, as Chuck Morgan would recognize, both are bigots and should be condemned as such.
• David A. Keene is an editor at large at The Washington Times.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Rupert Murdoch's News International (NI) is drawing up plans to sponsor an academy school in a move that is likely to trigger anxiety about the media mogul's influence.
The Observer understands that executives at NI, which owns the Times, the Sun, the Sunday Times and the News of the World (NoW), are actively discussing sponsoring a school in east London, close to the company's headquarters in Wapping.
The idea, which is being spearheaded by Rebekah Brooks, the former editor of the Sun, who is now chief executive of NI, has been under discussion for several months but is still at an early stage, according to sources.
The plan will alarm Murdoch's critics who claim the tycoon's media empire, which spans broadcasting, publishing and internet interests around the world, already wields formidable influence over the UK's political system and society.
Concerns about Murdoch's dominance resurfaced at the last general election when all four of his UK newspapers came out in favour of the Tories, an event that represented a considerable blow to Labour's hopes of clinging to power.
NI is currently under acute scrutiny, battling to deny allegations of widespread phone-hacking by NoW reporters while the paper was under the editorship of Andy Coulson, David Cameron's director of communications.
Coulson and NI deny the allegations. But the former Labour minister, Tom Watson – who led calls for an inquiry to be re-opened into the phone-hacking affair that saw a NoW reporter and a private investigator jailed – said NI's interest in the academies programme would cause further unease about the company's ambitions.
"Some people will say they are not telling people what they should think through their newspaper but teaching our children what to think in our schools," Watson said.
Paul Farrelly, another Labour MP, said: "It would be of considerable concern if the sort of bias we see in the Murdoch press was fed through to our children through the school system."
A spokeswoman for NI declined to comment. However, a source close to the company said the plan represented a "positive and conscious decision for News International to become involved in education".
It is expected that the academy would place a strong emphasis on journalism and multimedia training. The NI source said it would focus on "professionalism in journalism" and its curriculum would reflect a familiar Murdoch mantra for the need to "value content and investment in news".
The source said there was "reluctance" among NI executives to put "too much flesh on the bone" at the moment while they continued to debate how best to proceed with the plan, which would see the company link up with a school in either the London borough of Newham or Tower Hamlets.
Observers may be surprised a Murdoch company is keen to become involved in the UK's education sector. But Murdoch's US company, News Corp, sponsors several schools in New York and Murdoch himself is a supporter of Harlem Village Academies, the high- profile free schools project aimed at children from disadvantaged backgrounds.
NI also sponsors a visiting professorship of broadcast media at Oxford university and runs placement schemes to provide opportunities for undergraduate and postgraduate students to work on its newspapers.
NI's interest in sponsoring an academy will raise questions about the direction of the academies programme begun under Labour but enthusiastically embraced by the Conservative-Lib Dem coalition.
The schools enjoy far greater freedoms than other state schools, including the ability to set their own curriculums and determine the pay and conditions of staff. Unlike most state schools, their funding comes direct from central government, bypassing local education authorities.
However a recent report by the National Audit Office warned: "Sponsors have strong influence on the running of academies, which brings both benefits and risks to value for money."
Former Europe minister Denis MacShane said he was concerned the government was allowing the academies programme to be subjected to big business interests.
"The notion that Rupert Murdoch's values should infect our children is a real horror story," MacShane said. "It shows the extent to which the Conservative party is becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of News International."
There are 203 academies currently operating in England and Wales but the number approved is expected to rise to 400 within the next few months.
Education secretary Michael Gove has written to every school in England inviting them to apply for academy status.
A spokeswoman for the Department for Education was unable to comment last night.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Aug. 8, 2015, 9:11 PM GMT / Updated Aug. 9, 2015, 1:47 PM GMT By Elisha Fieldstadt
Three women found dead in a rural Vermont home Saturday morning were killed by a relative before she gunned down a state social worker, officials said.
The bodies of the victims, thought to be Rhonda Herring, Regina Herring and Julie Ann Folzorano, were discovered at about 8 a.m. in Berlin, a small town of nearly 3,000 people, Vermont Gov. Peter Shumlin said during a news conference Saturday. The victims' identities will be confirmed after autopsies are completed, Shumlin said.
At least two of the three women suffered gunshot wounds, the Vermont State Police said in a statement.
Signalling the end of one chapter and the beginning of another, the Stanley Milner Library will close at the end of the day on December 31 as work on transforming the civic landmark begins. In advance of the flagship library's impending revitalization, Edmontonians were given the opportunity this past weekend to scribble their best wishes and goodbyes on the walls and floors of the venerable institution. When the building reopens in 2020 with a fresh new face designed by Teeple Architects and Tkalcic Bengert, its returning users will be greeted by sustainable and dynamic spaces with a stronger relationship to the fabric of the city.
The existing Stanley Milner Library, image retrieved from Google Street View
Among the new library's promised features are a children's library that is more than three times the size of the existing one, hands-on Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math (STEM) activities, new music and arts spaces, and an indoor play area. The interior of the building will host an expansive and airy atrium which connects its three public floors. The exterior building envelope is pulled outwards to reference key civic moments, while glazing invites passersby to view the activities being undertaken within its walls.
Facade protrusions act as civic gestures, image via Teeple Architects and Tkalcic Bengert
A dedicated space for Canada's indigenous history — with ventilation allowing for smudging ceremonies — will serve to educate and honour First Nations customs. And no modern library is complete without integrating the latest multimedia technologies, including devoted spaces for 3D printing, sound and video production, and robotics. Edmontonians will have to wait a few years for all of this to be available, but in the meantime, library operations will continue to serve the downtown core from Enterprise Square at 10230 Jasper Avenue, with the temporary location opening on January 3.
The new library is pictured in a snowy rendering, image via Teeple Architects and Tkalcic Bengert
Additional images and information can be found in the Database file linked below. Want to get involved in the discussion or share your photos? Check out the associated Forum thread or leave a comment at the bottom of this page.
San Mateo County sheriff
A San Carlos woman fatally stabbed her boyfriend's pet bearded dragon in cold blood, the first act of a drama that ended with her in jail for trying to grab a sheriff's deputy's gun, authorities say.
Shawna Apour, 37, killed the lizard because she thought her boyfriend was flirting with other women, said San Mateo County District Attorney Steve Wagstaffe.
The attack happened at about 3:40 a.m. Saturday at a home on the 1000 block of Crestview Drive, where the couple had been living together for a year, authorities said.
The victim was Speedy, a 14-year-old bearded dragon, said sheriff's Lt. Ray Lunny. Speedy clung to life for three days before dying.
Apour proceeded to go outside, vandalize her boyfriend's brother's 1958 Buick with the knife that killed the lizard and slash the tires of two other cars, scratching “hate crime” on the hood of one of them, Wagstaffe said.
Sheriff's deputies were called, and Apour brandished the knife at them before she was subdued with the help of a Taser shock weapon and arrested, Lunny said.
Apour posted $25,000 bail and was released. At about 6:50 p.m. Tuesday — the same day Speedy died — her frantic mother called police with the news that Apour was walking on the railroad tracks near the San Carlos train station, Wagstaffe said.
Apour became aggressive when approached and tried to grab Deputy Bridget Hensley's gun and Taser, Lunny said. Hensley subdued her, and Apour was again jailed. She told deputies that she had tried to yank away the gun because the “government was screwing her,” prosecutors said.
Apour has been charged with domestic violence, cruelty to animals, vandalism, brandishing a weapon, possession of a weapon, resisting arrest and disobeying a law enforcement officer. She is being held at San Mateo County Jail on $200,000 bail.
Story highlights Homeowner Vincent James watches a black bear get comfortable in his hammock
A photographer snaps photos while the bear hangs out
Bears often turn up in residential neighborhoods in Florida
Wildlife officials become concerned when bears get too accustomed to contact with humans
In Florida, one could coin a new term for black bears: Pets. Or maybe: Pests.
Some have gotten into the habit, it seems, of visiting neighborhoods there, and on Thursday, one was caught literally hanging around -- in a Daytona Beach man's hammock.
"He got in the hammock like he was a tourist or something," homeowner Vincent James told CNN affiliate WESH . Usually, James is the one lounging on his back in the white rope mesh hanging between two trees.
The bear enjoyed the respite enough to savor it.
He -- or she -- stayed in the hammock for about 20 minutes, said photographer Rafael Torres, who snapped pictures of the bear from 60 feet away. Torres' presence did not seem to disturb the wild animal's repose.
Residents say the bear has been scrounging for food in the neighborhood since Wednesday, ripping through garbage cans and knocking down bird feeders.
Aw, isn't that cute?
Torres and James may have enjoyed the visit by the large, furry character lumbering among the ranks of chirping birds and foraging squirrels on their lawns, but other Floridians haven't shared their glee.
She claimed it was a posse of five bears that roughed her up, but authorities said it was only one. But there were a handful of black bears roaming the neighborhood at the time of the attack, they said.
Don't feed the bears!
Wildlife officials also discourage the warm, fuzzy feeling some residents have for the black bears, pointing to the dangers they pose.
Wildlife law enforcement officers arrested an 81-year-old woman from Sebring in February for feeding loads of dog food to bears on her property.
She dished out up to 18 bowls at a time to furry bunches gathered in her yard.
The Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission warned her multiple times to stop, but she would not, for fear the animals would starve without her.
Officers were afraid the bears would get hazardously close to humans, and they killed one bear that was frequenting her feedings.
Once a bear feels too at home among people, relocating it doesn't help, the FWC said back then.
It will keep coming back.
SINGAPORE - An Australian man who molested two women in separate incidents within a span of two hours faces a jail term and caning.
Wade James Burridge, 34, a director of his own company that deals in race horses, was convicted of two charges of outrage of modesty.
He was sentenced to 11 months' jail and three strokes of the cane on Wednesday (Dec 6). Burridge is filing an appeal and is out on $40,000 bail.
He was convicted on Oct 25 after a six-day trial.
The court heard he touched the private parts of a 46-year-old events consultant at Mogambo Bar in Canton Street at about 11pm on Oct 8, 2015.
He was also found guilty of putting his hand inside a 33-year-old physiotherapist's shorts and squeezing her buttock at The Mad Men Attic Bar in North Canal Road at 12.37am the next day.
The first victim testified that she felt Burridge's hand up her skirt and touch her for about two seconds when he walked behind her.
She immediately turned around and hit Burridge and told the bar's general manager, who reported the incident to the police.
The court also heard that Burridge was sitting behind the second victim when he kept knocking on her chair.
About 10 to 15 minutes later, she felt his hands grabbing her waist. She was not sure if he fumbled or fell. His right hand then went down inside her shorts and he squeezed her right buttock.
The woman grabbed his shirt collar and yelled at him, and wanted to punch him. She released him and he walked away but she reported the matter and the police were called.
In her brief oral grounds in October, District Judge Hamidah Ibrahim found that Burridge's touching of the first victim was not accidental but deliberate.
And even if Burridge said that he fell and grabbed the second victim's waist, there was absolutely no necessity for his hand to go under her shorts and squeeze her buttock.
Deputy Public Prosecutor N.K. Anitha asked for a total sentence of nine months and 10 weeks' jail with three strokes of the cane.
She said Burridge was clearly a persistent offender, as he had committed two distinct offences within a short span of time over the course of a single night, adding that the second victim suffered psychological harm as a result of his actions.
Burridge's lawyer Shashi Nathan said his client had been living in Singapore since 2010 and has a baby boy with his partner of two years.
He said his client had been drinking heavily and was intoxicated on both occasions. He urged the court to depart from the usual benchmark of nine months and three strokes of the cane and impose five to six months instead.
Mr Nathan added that Burridge had been diagnosed with major depressive disorder by a psychiatrist at the time, and that his symptoms were exacerbated by the end of his long-term relationship and stress at work.
The maximum penalty for outrage of modesty is two years' jail, fine and caning.
Taco Bell plans to open between 300 and 350 “Cantina” locations by 2022, bringing its alcohol-focused concept to urban areas around the country.
According to an article in Food & Wine, Taco Bell will focus on large cities, like Detroit, Pittsburgh, Boston, and New York, as it looks to expand the model, which doesn't have a drive thru. In the Big Apple alone, Taco Bell aims to open at least 50.
The “urban in-line” units will serve wine, sangria, beer, and Twisted Freezes—alcohol smoothies with tequila, rum, or vodka.
“One of the cool things happening in America right now is the revitalization of urban areas, and we're seeing millennials moving into downtown areas,” Mike Grams, Taco Bell's chief operating officer told Food & Wine.
Taco Bell Cantina came to life in October 2015. The hip design debuted in Chicago and San Francisco, and was geared toward locals, millennial consumers, and those looking to go out for drinks.
Taco Bell has used 2022 as a target date in recent campaigns, saying it hopes to extend its sales from $10 billion to $15 annually and create 100,000 new jobs. It also plans to award $10 million scholarships by that date and grow its unit count by roughly 200 stores annually, or a total of 8,000 stateside and 9,000 global by 2022.
Pep Guardiola says he will never coach Barcelona again
Pep Guardiola says he will never return to Barcelona as a coach
Pep Guardiola says he will never coach Barcelona again as pressure mounts on current boss Luis Enrique.
However Guardiola, who won 14 trophies in four years as Barcelona's head coach, believes his former side are still the best team in the world despite their 4-0 thrashing at the hands of Paris Saint-Germain in the first leg of their Champions League last-16 tie on Tuesday.
Enrique, who has led the Catalan side to two La Liga titles and the Champions League, is out of contract at the end of the season, with his team also facing a battle overtake Real Madrid the La Liga title race.
But Manchester City boss Guardiola says Barça has the "mentality" to overturn their humbling defeat in Paris.
Lionel Messi and Guardiola enjoyed incredible success together at Barcelona
"There's a lot of competition, the opposition are so strong," said Guardiola. "You can win heavily or you can lose heavily, that can happen, it's happened to me, but there are 90 minutes to go and anything can happen. If there's a team who can do it, then it's Barça, with their mentality.
"I will never go back to Barcelona to be coach there. My period there is gone.
"Barcelona are still the best team in the world. It's always a surprise because they are so, so good, but in football anything can happen.
Luis Enrique is under pressure at Barcelona following their Champions League defeat to PSG
"When you have dominated world football, it's normal that the people expect you to keep up that level, but my advice to you, knowing Luis and the players a little, is not to talk too much, because they will be back and prove you wrong.
"They've done it over the years, dominating football for 10 years, and they continue to be the best team in the world."
Guardiola has also suggested the quality of English football would be improved if FA Cup replays were scrapped.
Pep Guardiola had bad news for Manchester City fans concerning the injury to striker Gabriel Jesus Pep Guardiola had bad news for Manchester City fans concerning the injury to striker Gabriel Jesus
The 46-year-old would prefer the cup competition to follow the Copa del Rey in Spain, where all ties bar the final are played over two legs, or Germany's cup tournament, where drawn matches are decided with extra-time and penalties, without the need for a replay.
"In Spain, we play two games. I prefer that situation," he said. "Maybe for the amount of games played, extra-time and penalties would be good.
Manchester City will play Huddersfield in the FA Cup on Saturday
"But OK, I'm not here to decide the rules of how we play the competition, I'm here to play the competition in the way that the chairmen and the important people decide. I prefer the quality over the quantity. Not only here in England, all around the world. It's a big mistake, so many games."
Zeus67 3rd Party Developer
Join Date: Jun 2012 Location: Ecuador Posts: 3,000
The DMT basically works like an integrated TGP, except that it does not have a laser designator nor FLIR. But it can lock on laser spots and do video target locks.
With the DMT, INS, ADC and SMS, all of which are modeled in the DCS aircraft, the ARBS can calculate impact point and do auto weapons release for ALL the weapons the AV-8B NA can carry.
The DMT has two main modes: VIDEO and NO VIDEO. In VIDEO mode it will show a 6:1 magnified image to the pilot. It can be shown in any MPCD but if commanded by HOTAS, it will be shown in the right MPCD.
When the DMT is not locked on a target, it is slaved to the Velocity Vector. That means that you can use the HUD's VVM to select and lock a target as well as use the **bleep** TDC.
Here's a video test of the DMT:
After reading about that whole TDC mess. I decided that I need all sensors working before I deal with it. So, here it is: The Dual Mode Tracker DMT. One of the integral parts of the Angle Rate Bombing System ARBS.The DMT basically works like an integrated TGP, except that it does not have a laser designator nor FLIR. But it can lock on laser spots and do video target locks.With the DMT, INS, ADC and SMS, all of which are modeled in the DCS aircraft, the ARBS can calculate impact point and do auto weapons release for ALL the weapons the AV-8B NA can carry.The DMT has two main modes: VIDEO and NO VIDEO. In VIDEO mode it will show a 6:1 magnified image to the pilot. It can be shown in any MPCD but if commanded by HOTAS, it will be shown in the right MPCD.When the DMT is not locked on a target, it is slaved to the Velocity Vector. That means that you can use the HUD's VVM to select and lock a target as well as use the **bleep** TDC.Here's a video test of the DMT: __________________
"Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot-proof programs, and the Universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots. So far, the Universe is winning."
"The three most dangerous things in the world are a programmer with a soldering iron, a hardware type with a program patch and a user with an idea."
August 22, 2012
Russian anti-virus company Doctor Web is reporting the emergence of the first cross-platform backdoor to run under Linux and Mac OS X. This malicious program is designed to steal passwords stored by a number of popular Internet applications. Mac.BackDoor.Wirenet.1 is the first such Trojan capable of running under any of these operating systems.
It's not clear yet how the Trojan, which was added to the Dr.Web virus database as Mac.BackDoor.Wirenet.1, spreads. This malicious program is a backdoor that can work under Linux as well as under Mac OS X.
When launched, it creates its copy in the user's home directory. The program uses the Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) to communicate with its control server whose address is 212.7.208.65.
Mac.BackDoor.Wirenet.1 also operates as a keylogger (it sends gathered keyboard input data to intruders); in addition, it steals passwords entered by the user in Opera, Firefox, Chrome, and Chromium, and passwords stored by such applications as Thunderbird, SeaMonkey, and Pidgin. Anti-virus software from Doctor Web successfully detects and removes the backdoor, so the threat does not pose a serious danger to systems protected by Dr.Web for Mac OS X and Dr.Web for Linux.
HUNTSVILLE, Alabama - Fifty-two residential streets across the City of Huntsville are getting a fresh coat of asphalt this summer.
At its meeting Thursday night, the City Council approved a $2.3 million contract with Wiregrass Construction to repave the following streets:
* Bainbridge Terrace from Alberta Road to the dead end.
* Barcody Road from Drake Avenue to the dead end on the north side.
* Bay Hill Way from Dunhill Drive to the dead end.
* Bethune Way from Old Madison Pike to Marsh Avenue.
* Bridlewood Drive from Edgehill Drive to Forrest Heights Drive.
* Carson Lane from Sparkman Drive to the dead end.
* Cedarama Drive from Memorial Parkway to the dead end.
* Claude Circle from Old Madison Pike to the end of the street.
* Club View Circle from Club View Drive to the end of the street.
* Club View Drive and Club View Court from Club View Drive to Oakwood Avenue.
* Cole Drive from Whitesburg Drive to Cadillac Drive.
* Crownwood Court from Dunhill Drive to the cul-de-sac.
* Deer Valley Drive from Dug Hill Road to Elk Meadow Drive.
* Doyce Lane from Wayne Court to the end of the street.
* Dunhill Drive from Edgewater to the cul-de-sac.
* East Olive Drive from Olive Drive to Woodmont Avenue.
* Engel Drive from Governors Drive to Monroe Street.
* Excalibur Drive from Queens Place to the end of the street.
* Fifteenth Avenue from Triana Boulevard to the railroad crossing.
* Fourteenth Street from Governors Drive to Tenth Avenue.
* Gladstone Drive from Oakwood Avenue to Maysville Road.
* Glenridge Court from Dunhill Drive to the cul-de-sac.
* Governors Bend Road from Governors Drive to the dead end.
* Highwood Court from River Oaks Drive to the dead end.
* Jamestown Drive from Spann Street to Williamsburg Drive.
* Jersi Street from Teejay Drive to the end of the street.
* Katherine Avenue from Reynolds Drive to Kavanaugh Drive.
* Lost Tree Drive from Lake Pointe Circle to the dead end.
* Maple Valley Drive from Slaughter Road to River Oaks Drive.
* McCalley Place from Archer Drive to the end of the street.
* Minor Street from Pratt Avenue to Oakwood Avenue.
* Ninth Street from Governors Drive to the end of the street on north side.
* North Crestview Drive from Hillview Drive to Julia Street.
* Old Carriage Lane from Bailey Cove Road to Foxfire Drive.
* Penn Street from Bob Wallace Avenue to Glenn Street.
* River Oaks Drive from Farrow Road to the dead end.
* Sandia Boulevard from Winchester Road to the end of the street.
* Summit View Circle from Deer Valley Drive to the dead end.
* Sunburst Circle from Deer Valley Drive to the dead end.
* Thirteenth Street from Seventh Avenue to Ninth Avenue.
* Toftoy Drive from Jordan Lane to Morgan Street.
* Waterford Trail from Old Carriage Lane to the dead end.
* White Fern Avenue from Cleermont Drive to Fagan Springs Drive.
* Wildcreek Trail from Willowick Drive to the dead end on the north side.
* Willowick Trail from Redfield Court to Quarter Lane.
* Wind River Drive from Tea Garden Road to Valley Bend Drive.
* Woodall Circle from Woodall Drive to Woodall Drive.
* Woodall Lane from Holmes Avenue to Northington Drive.
* Woodson Street from Holmes Avenue to Clinton Avenue.
* Yellowwood Court from River Oaks Drive to the dead end.
Follow me on Twitter: @swdoyle
Transcript of the broadcast
Announcer: We hope you have the implements you need for the color TV experiment handy: A nylon stocking, a pair of scissors and a roll of adhesive tape. Over to our technical expert, Kjell Stensson.
Kjell Stensson: As you probably know, there's a lot of interest in the problem of color television all over the world. Research is currently being carried out in America, the Soviet Union, Japan and other places. I found it remarkable when, about one month ago, a suggestion was unexpectedly presented to me how this problem could be solved, which had the advantage of extreme simplicity compared to the hi-tech solutions.
However, if you put it up (and if you don't have time to do it during this programme, you can do it later), you will see this picture of me suddenly appear in color.
Now move your head very carefully (the necessary movements are very small) and when this spectrum appears, you have found the correct position. If you're too far away, the red color may disappear, if you're too close, the green color may go away. The result could be disastrous, for instance our female announcers, who are beautiful blondes, may appear red-haired, which may be somewhat disconcerting for them.
We would appreciate hearing your views. Please write to us and let us know how this experiment turned out. We hope you have the implements you need for the color TV experiment handy: A nylon stocking, a pair of scissors and a roll of adhesive tape. Over to our technical expert, Kjell Stensson.As you probably know, there's a lot of interest in the problem of color television all over the world. Research is currently being carried out in America, the Soviet Union, Japan and other places. I found it remarkable when, about one month ago, a suggestion was unexpectedly presented to me how this problem could be solved, which had the advantage of extreme simplicity compared to the hi-tech solutions.Like all great leaps of progress, it was based on very elementary ideas, and didn't demand more knowledge about optics and physics than what's taught in basic school. We all know that white light consists of a mixture of the whole spectrum, and white light can be split up by simply using a prism. We've seen this diagram in school. Put a prism in the way of a ray of white light, and the white light gets separated into all the colors of the spectrum, all the colors of the rainbow beginning with red, orange and so on, all the way down to violet. The term is color dispersion.It's also possible to achieve color dispersion by other means, which I will show you in the next picture. Two slits are made in an opaque wall and light is shone through them. The holes then act as two separate light sources. Depending on the distance to the opposite wall, the different color components of the white light will reinforce or suppress each other, and this will cause an impression of color.Now, this is two slits only, and the idea of this suggestion was to cover the TV screen with some kind of raster, a kind of grid composed of multiple slits. The man who suggested this, a resident of Bockstahus north of Landskrona, Pål Arne Utmeister, came up with the idea that a nylon stocking could be used, or very fine-meshed curtain cloth, which would simply be put over the screen, thus creating such a raster.I have done precisely that with the monitor here in the studio, I've covered it with a stocking. That's why I asked you to have a nylon stocking, scissors and a roll of tape handy. It's essential that it's fine-meshed. Should you try something larger - I've made an experiment with this athletic undershirt, and clearly the holes are too large for the effect to appear.However, if you put it up (and if you don't have time to do it during this programme, you can do it later), you will see this picture of me suddenly appear in color.Like I said earlier, the viewing distance is of utmost importance. You should experiment with moving closer and further away from the set to get the correct color impression. In order to assist you, we have prepared a calibration card. (Image: "White / red / yellow / green / blue / black")Now move your head very carefully (the necessary movements are very small) and when this spectrum appears, you have found the correct position. If you're too far away, the red color may disappear, if you're too close, the green color may go away. The result could be disastrous, for instance our female announcers, who are beautiful blondes, may appear red-haired, which may be somewhat disconcerting for them.This is still in a very preliminary phase. I've been in contact with the television industry, which needless to say is very enthusiastic about this. They will engineer a kind of frame with tightening screws that allows you to fine-tune the distance, and it will naturally be available in very pleasing designs.If you now can see this color range  white, red, yellow, green, blue, black -- perhaps not in the absolutely correct nuances but approximately, you will enjoy the following little film immensely. It's a video color recording of different flowers, which I find to be a breathtaking symphony in colors.We would appreciate hearing your views. Please write to us and let us know how this experiment turned out.
Color Screens
Similar Hoaxes
Instant Color TV Haiku (Submitted by Hoax Museum visitors)
For colour TV
The joy of quick solutions:
Marvellous nylons!
(by Paul)
Run in your stocking?
Don't throw away those nylons.
Get color TV!
(by AB)
Links and References
Sweden's most famous April Fool's Day hoax occurred on April 1, 1962. At the time, SVT (Sveriges Television) was the only television channel in Sweden, and it broadcast in black and white.The station announced that their "technical expert," Kjell Stensson, was going to describe a process that would allow people to view color images on their existing black-and-white sets.The broadcast cut to Stensson sitting in front of a television set in the studio. He began to explain how the process worked. His discussion was highly technical, going into details about the prismatic nature of light and the phenomenon of "double slit interference." But at last he arrived at the main point. Researchers, he said, had recently discovered that a fine-meshed screen placed in front of a black-and-white television screen would cause the light to bend in such a way that it would appear as if the image was in color.Stensson told viewers they could experience the effect at home with the help of some simple, readily accessible materials. Nylon stockings, it turned out, were the perfect fabric to use as a fine-meshed screen. So all viewers had to do, Stensson said, was to cut open a pair of stockings and tape them over the screen of their television set. The image on the television should suddenly appear to be in color.Stensson cautioned that the viewer would have to be seated at the correct distance from the screen in order to get the full effect. Also, it might be necessary to "move your head very carefully" back and forth, in order to align the color spectrum.Thousands of viewers later admitted they had fallen for the hoax. Many Swedes today report that they remember their parents (their fathers in particular) rushing through the house trying to find nylon stockings to place over the TV set.SVT attempted its first color broadcast four years later, in 1966. Regular color broadcasts were begun in Sweden on April 1, 1970.Below is a transcript of the broadcast translated into English (thanks to Herbert Tingesten for the translation):Throughout the 1950s and 60s, screens were widely sold that, so it was claimed, could transform black-and-white television pictures into color. These screens were usually transparent pieces of plastic. The plastic was slightly prismatic, so that when it was placed in front of a television screen it would add a slight tinge of color to the image. However, the result was a far cry from true color reception. The appeal of the screens was that they sold for only a few dollars, whereas color television sets cost hundreds of dollars.Some of these color screens reportedly were divided into three tinted horizontal panels. The top panel was blue for the sky, the middle panel was transparent, and the bottom panel green for grass.Norwegian TV reportedly perpetrated a similar hoax during the 1960s. Viewers were told that if they turned off all power-consuming devices in their house except for the TV, they would receive color reception. Many viewers obediently turned off all the lights in their house to see if it would work. (Requires confirmation.)On April 1, 2004, Sweden's largest newspaper,, updated the color-TV hoax for the age of mobile phones. The paper reported reported that Hubert Hochsztapler, a researcher at Sweden's top engineering school, had made a surprising discovery: "if you shake your GSM, or second-generation, phone hard enough, you can access the new high-tech third-generation (3G) frequency which is only supposed to be available to 3G phones." In other words, users of older-model mobile phones would be able to watch movies on their phones simply by shaking them.
Assou-Ekotto laughs off porn star claims, but admits to being contacted by the industry
Harry Redknapp had suggested that the former Tottenham defender was looking for a career change, but the 33-year-old insists that is not the case
Former full-back Benoit Assou-Ekotto has laughed off claims from Harry Redknapp that he is looking into becoming a porn star.
The 33-year-old, who is currently on the books at Metz, has emerged as a transfer target for Redknapp at .
He suggested to the Spurs Show podcast, though, that Assou-Ekotto may take some persuading to join his ranks at St Andrew's.
The experienced coach said: “The only trouble is that he's admitted he wants to be a porn star. Maybe I can get another year out of him before he decides to do that.”
Mendy proves he's in Paris, not England
Assou-Ekotto is bemused as to how his former manager at Spurs and Queens Park came to that conclusion, but is prepared to laugh off the incident.
He told Football : “It was just a joke. What is absurd is that it has been taken seriously. As if I wanted to become a porn actor.
“It made me happy that he [Redknapp] thought of me and said that he wanted me after no contact for three or four years.
“The joke didn't bother me at all, it made me laugh.
“What bothers me is that people take everything so seriously. If he had said that I wanted to be a cosmonaut it would have made less noise!”
Assou-Ekotto also saw the news break on the worst possible day for him on a personal level.
He added: “My mother discovered it on Mother's Day. She told me that she would have preferred a different gift!”
The former international has also revealed that while the story has caused quite a stir in football circles, he has also been contacted by stars of the porn industry.
Emery never feared PSG sack
“The worst part is that since it came out, some of them have contacted me on Twitter,” said Assou-Ekotto.
“Jacquie and Michel left me a message saying ‘come and see us'. And Dorcel invited me to come for a casting. Not to mention the American actor who wanted me to become his apprentice.
“It made me laugh and I thank them, but I believe I will continue in football!”
* Ebert's Note: "Beyond the Valley of the Dolls," a movie for which I wrote the screenplay in 1969, has over the years become a cult film. Although it would not be appropriate for me to review it or give it a star rating, I offer the following observations written for Film Comment magazine on the occasion of the movie's 10th anniversary in 1980.
Remembered after 10 years, "Beyond the Valley of the Dolls" seems more and more like a movie that got made by accident when the lunatics took over the asylum. At the time Russ Meyer and I were working on "BVD" I didn't really understand how unusual the project was. But in hindsight I can recognize that the conditions of its making were almost miraculous. An independent X-rated filmmaker and an inexperienced screenwriter were brought into a major studio and given carte blanche to turn out a satire of one of the studio's own hits. And "BVC" was made at a time when the studio's own fortunes were so low that the movie was seen almost fatalistically, as a gamble that none of the studio executives really wanted to think about, so that there was a minimum of supervision (or even cognizance) from the Front Office.
Advertisement
We wrote the screenplay in six weeks flat, laughing maniacally from time to time, and then the movie was made. Whatever its faults or virtues, "Beyond the Valley of the Dolls" is an original -- a satire of Hollywood conventions, genres, situations, dialogue, characters and success formulas, heavily overlaid with such shocking violence that some critics didn't know whether the movie "knew" it was a comedy.
Although Meyer had been signed to a three-picture deal by 20th Century-Fox, I wonder whether at some level he didn't suspect that "BVD" would be his best shot at employing all the resources of a big studio at the service of his own highly personal vision, his world of libidinous, simplistic creatures who inhabit a pop universe. Meyer wanted everything in the screenplay except the kitchen sink. The movie, he theorized, should simultaneously be a satire, a serious melodrama, a rock musical, a comedy, a violent exploitation picture, a skin flick and a moralistic expose (so soon after the Sharon Tate murders) of what the opening crawl called "the oft-times nightmarish world of Show Business."
What was the correct acting style for such a hybrid? Meyer directed his actors with a poker face, solemnly, discussing the motivations behind each scene. Some of the actors asked me whether their dialogue wasn't supposed to be humorous, but Meyer discussed it so seriously with them that they hesitated to risk offending him by voicing such a suggestion. The result is that "BVD" has a curious tone all of its own. There have been movies in which the actors played straight knowing they were in satires, and movies which were unintentionally funny because they were so bad or camp. But the tone of "BVD" comes from actors directed at right angles to the material. "If the actors perform as if they know they have funny lines, it won't work," Meyer said, and he was right.
The movie was inspired only incidentally by "Valley of the Dolls." Neither Meyer nor I ever read Jacqueline Susann's book, but we did screen the Mark Robson film, and we took the same formula: Three young girls come to Hollywood, find fame and fortune, are threatened by sex, violence and drugs, and either do or not do win redemption.
The original book was a roman a clef, and so was "BVD," with an important difference: We wanted the movie to seem like a fictionalized expose of real people, but we personally possessed no real information to use as inspiration for the characters. The character of teenage rock tycoon Ronnie "Z-Man" Barzell, for example, was supposed to be "inspired" by Phil Spector -- but neither Meyer nor I had ever met Spector.
Advertisement
The movie's story was made up as we went along, which makes subsequent analysis a little tricky. Not long ago, for example, I was invited up to Syracuse University to discuss Meyer's work, and the subject of Z-Man came up. (Readers who have seen "BVD" will know that Z-Man is a rock Svengali who seems to be a gay man for most of the movie, but is finally revealed to be a woman in drag.) Some of the questions at Syracuse dealt with the "meaning" of Z-Man's earlier scenes, in light of what is later discovered about the character. But in fact those earlier scenes were written before either Meyer or I knew Z-Man was a transvestite: that plot development came on the spur of the moment. So, too, did such inspirations as quoting a "Citizen Kane" camera movement from a stage below to a catwalk above, or the use of the Fox musical fanfare during the beheading sequence.
They asked at Syracuse if Meyer's use of the Fox trademark music was a put-down of the studio system. Meyer's motive was much more basic: By using the music, he hoped to establish a satiric tone to the scene that would moderate the effect of the beheading and help protect against an X rating.
In the event, of course, "Beyond the Valley of the Dolls" was rated X anyway. There is a story about that. If the movie were to be rated today, it would probably get an R rating with a few small cuts. It was a very mild X. That was because Meyer and the studio were aiming for the R rating. When they didn't get it, Meyer believed the ratings board had felt obligated to give the "King of the Nudies" an X rating, lest it seem to endorse his movie to the Majors.
Because the movie was stuck with the X, Meyer wanted to re-edit certain scenes in order to include more nudity (he shot many scenes in both X and R versions). But the studio, still in the middle of a cash-flow crisis, wanted to rush the film into release. Meyer still waxes nostalgic for the "real" X version of BVD, which exists only in his memory but includes many much steamier scenes starring the movie's many astonishingly beautiful heroines and villianesses.
The visit to Syracuse was a chance for me to see BVD again for the first time in a few years. The movie still seems to play for audiences; it hasn't dated, apart from the rather old-fashioned narrative quality it had even at the time of its release. It begins rather slowly, because so many characters have to be established and such an ungainly plot has to be set in motion. (The story is such a labyrinthine juggling act that resolving it took a quadruple murder, a narrative summary, a triple wedding and an epilogue.) But the last hour has a real kinetic energy, and the scenes beginning with Z-Man's psychedelic orgy and ending with his death are, I must say on Meyer's behalf, as exciting, terrifying and dynamic as any such sequence I can remember. That stretch of "BVD" is pure cinema, combining shameless melodrama, highly charged images of violence, sledge-hammer editing and musical overkill. It works.
Advertisement
And the movie as a whole? I think of it as an essay on our generic expectations. It's an anthology of stock situations, characters, dialogue, clichés and stereotypes, set to music and manipulated to work as exposition and satire at the same time; it's cause and effect, a wind-up machine to generate emotions, pure movie without message. The strange thing about the movie is that it continues to play successfully to completely different audiences for different reasons. When Meyer and I were hired a few years later to work on an ill-fated Sex Pistols movie called "Who Killed Bambi?" we were both a little nonplussed, I think, to hear Johnny Rotten explain that he liked "Beyond the Valley of the Dolls" because it was so true to life.
Office 2016 for Mac has been finished and is available today to Office 365 subscribers and students. As long as your Office 365 subscription includes the desktop Office suite (Home, Personal, Business, Business Premium, E3, and ProPlus) you can install it from your account page. Not a subscriber? You'll have to wait until some time in September, though we're not exactly sure when. Microsoft hasn't announced the precise release date or how much it'll cost.
It's been five long years since Microsoft last released Office for Mac. While the Windows version of Microsoft's productivity suite was last updated in 2013, most of the OS X version dates back to 2010. The two exceptions were Outlook, which saw a hefty update last year, and OneNote (likewise). That pair has been continuously updated since.
The new version makes the suite look a lot more like its forthcoming Windows counterpart. The ribbon layouts are the same between OS X and Windows, and the title bars and ribbon headers of the apps are boldly colored in each application's respective color. But consistency between OS X and Windows is not absolute, and respect is paid to OS X design norms. For example, Office for Mac doesn't include the "backstage" area that the Windows apps show when you go to the "File" menu, instead using more traditional menus, dialogs, and settings panes for this kind of thing.
Both sets of desktop apps similarly take styling cues from the various touch Office apps that Microsoft has released; it's clear that Microsoft is trying to make sure that its apps look and feel similar whether you're using them on a smartphone, tablet, or computer.
Perhaps the most important features across the updated suite are the integration of OneDrive, OneDrive for Business, and SharePoint, and making the apps "fully" Retina aware. Office 2011 made the main document areas Retina-capable, but portions of the user interface were not.
The cloud connectivity trickles down into Word, with better simultaneous collaborative editing capabilities and threaded comments. Recent files lists will also roam between machines, making it easier to pick up where you left off even on different devices. PowerPoint similarly supports co-authoring and threaded commenting. For Excel, the biggest changes are support for Windows keyboard shortcuts and inclusion of "most" Excel 2013 for Windows functions.
Broadly speaking, the gaps between the Windows and Mac versions should be much smaller. The Mac version is no longer the Windows version's forgotten sibling; it's now its equal peer. And with its immediate availability, Office for Mac has slightly leapfrogged Office 2013; Windows users won't get their Office 2016 until fall, and their touch apps should be finalized within the next few weeks.
Listing image by Microsoft
Launched in 2009, NASA's planet-hunting Kepler space telescope began a new K2 mission in June 2014 to seek out alien planets by staring unblinking at distant stars. This NASA graphic shows the Kepler spacecraft's observing targets along the ecliptic during the extended mission.
BOSTON — NASA's hobbled Kepler spacecraft is once again seeking out strange new worlds under a new 80-day mission to hunt for alien planets.
NASA officials recently approved the new Kepler spacecraft mission (called K2) after the exoplanet-hunting space probe suffered a major malfunction last year. Two of Kepler's reaction wheels, which are used to keep the spacecraft precisely pointed in its orbit, failed, effectively ending the telescope's mission. Now, scientists are still using the spacecraft to search for distant worlds, albeit in a different way.
"After the loss of the second reaction wheel, there were many doubters that we would ever do anything to repurpose the spacecraft," Kepler scientist Steve Howell said during a session here at the 224th meeting of the American Astronomical Society on Tuesday (June 3). "So I'd just like to recognize people that weren't doubters, which were many of us, that we could find something very neat to do." [7 Great Planet Discoveries by the Kepler Spacecraft]
The mission of the Kepler Space Telescope is to identify and characterize Earth-size planets in the habitable zones of nearby stars. [ See how NASA's planet-hunting Kepler spacecraft works in this Space.com infographic (Image: © Karl Tate, SPACE.com contributor)
The original $600-million Kepler space telescope launched in 2009. The spacecraft's initial four-year mission aimed to help uncover how common Earth-like planets are in the Milky Way by staring deeply into a single patch of sky. Kepler finds worlds by spotting tiny dips in the light of a star as a planet transits across the star's face. So far, the exoplanet-hunting craft has cataloged more than 3,800 potential alien worlds, and follow-up work has confirmed about 960 of them as true planets.
Scientists think that K2 can help add to those numbers. Because K2 missions will last about 80 days, a relatively short amount of time, some scientists want to hunt for alien planets orbiting a certain class of stars that are smaller and dimmer than the sun. The new mission could target planets around these dim stars (known as M dwarfs) because the orbital period of the planet is shorter, making it easier to see in the span of 80 days.
"If you want to find nearby planets, well, you should look at nearby stars, and 70 percent of the stars locally are M dwarfs, so you're going to look at an M dwarf," Ben Montet, an astrophysics graduate student at the California Institute of Technology, said during the meeting. "One other benefit is that M dwarfs are everywhere."
Kepler is now aiming itself at several pre-planned fields of sky in the plane of Earth's orbit, called the ecliptic, for the K2 mission. The spacecraft wasn't designed to stay in its new orbit, so engineers have been working to be sure that the probe can perform science stably. In the new orbit, solar radiation pressure helps to balance the robotic craft, but engineers still need to correct the orbit every now and then.
The new positioning also creates some interesting challenges. Astronomers using the new K2 data have to be careful of solar system objects like asteroids and planets that could sneak into the frame.
K2 just passed an engineering test showing that the newly repurposed spacecraft can still hunt for exoplanets while staying in its orbit effectively. The new mission should now be embarking on its first full, approximately 80-day science run.
Follow Miriam Kramer @mirikramer and Google+. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook and Google+. Original article on Space.com.
Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs chairman Ray Dib insists the club will not be paying out sacked coach Des Hasler's contract despite announcing the former coach's extension in April.
Hasler was given his marching orders on Tuesday after months of speculation came to an end following the Bulldogs' poor 2017 season.
With former CEO Raelene Castle also departing, the board agreed a fresh start was required across the club with high profile recruits Aaron Woods and Kieran Foran signed on for next season.
Speculation the Bulldogs would be required to pay out Hasler's final two years of his deal was shut down on Wednesday by Dib, who said Hasler's new deal was a verbal agreement and not official.
"Back in April of 2017 we entered into a non-binding agreement with the coach," Dib told bulldogs.com.au.
"Des's contract ends in October 2017 and the board has made a decision not to renew that contract.
"Going forward there will be no liabilities moving forward for the next two years."
Dib said the board came to its decision following a review and input from senior players at the club.
The announcement comes as the club also farewelled skipper James Graham and local favourite Josh Reynolds last week to all but end a formidable era at Belmore.
"We've finalised an end-of-year review and have decided the time is right now for change," Dib said.
"The findings were clearly there we were due for change and this is the right time.
"It's always a tough decision, especially when you've got a high profile coach that spent six years at the club and got us to two grand final appearances."
The players were notified of Hasler's demise prior to the official announcement on Tuesday afternoon.
New recruits Foran and Woods were also told and Dib remained adamant the pair remained committed to the club.
"The senior playing group were involved in the thorough review and I've spoken to some senior players and advised them of our decision," Dib said.
"We keep in constant contact [with new recruits] and I've spoken to both of them not long ago and advised them of the new direction of the club.
"They're looking forward to wearing the blue and white colours next year. With a new coach, CEO and marquee signings in 2018, the time is right."
The board are now on the hunt for a new head coach with Canberra Raiders assistant Dean Pay considered a favourite, while former Rabbitohs coach Michael Maguire is also an option.
Dib said the club was yet to open discussions with coaching candidates.
"No one at this stage, we've got to open it up and look for the best available person," he said.
"We've got passionate fans who deserve better and hopefully with the changes we've made it will bring success quicker in 2018 and beyond."
‌
Des Hasler to leave the Bulldogs
Ken Stephen Medal: Moses Mbye
Reason behind Woods' Roos elevation
Klemmer, Trbojevic dominate Blues awards
Bulldogs 2017 season review
‌
Ted Chiang has never written a novel, but he's one of the top writers in science fiction today. He writes short stories and novellas, and he isn't very prolific with those. He just comes out with a story every year or so that does everything right.
You know how some people are ideas writers, and their ideas are so amazingly brilliant that you don't care they can't really write character and plot? Ted Chiang is like that, except that his characters and plots are that good as well. His stories all arise out of astonishing SFnal ideas, they couldn't happen except in the contexts where they do happen, but they have characters with emotional trajectories that carry them along as well. He always gets the arc of story exactly right, so you know what you need to know when you need to know it and the end comes along in perfect timing and socks you in the jaw. I think Chiang is one of the great science fiction short story writers of all time, along with Varley and Sturgeon and Tiptree.
Usually when I re-read and write about a collection, I talk about themes, because usually reading a whole pile of short work from one author brings their themes forward very visibly. Chiang doesn't have themes in the sense of obsessions he keeps coming back to. He has a huge range in the kind of thing he writes, the kind of character, the kind of style. What he does a lot of is looking at weird worldviews as if they were real. “Tower of Babylon,” his first story, asks “What would it feel like if the world was the way Babylonian cosmology thought it was?” “Story of Your Life” asks “what would it feel like if you saw future events simultaneously, but lived through them sequentially?” “Seventy Two Letters” asks “What would it feel like if kabbalistic ideas really were how life worked?” It's not just that he has ideas, it's that he integrates idea and point of view perfectly.
There tends to be a moment when I'm reading a Chiang story when I realise the layers of what it's doing. When I re-read them and come to that moment, it's like a landmark—oh yes, that's where my head exploded. For instance, there's a bit in “Tower of Babylon” where they're climbing the tower of Babel and they get to the bit where they pass the sun. The builders didn't use bitumen mortar there, of course, it would have melted… of course it would. It's all so real, and so simultaneously weird. “Story of Your Life” is even weirder, as it replicates what it means to have that happen to your consciousness.
The thing about this head-exploding thing is that it's what I used to read SF for, when I was young. It's “sense of wonder.” I remember having this effect with Arthur C. Clarke when I was ten years old, and with Zelazny when I was fourteen. Then I grew up and I kept reading SF because I like planets and aliens and weird worldviews and the odd little glimpses of wonder. I get absorbed in things, I say “Hey, that's nifty,” but it's not often these days that I have that “What? What? Wow!” experience. Chiang does it for me practically every time. There's no wonder he keeps winning awards—he really is just that good.
I generally try not to simply burble incoherently that things are brilliant and you have to read them, but faced with stories this awesome, that's pretty much all I can do.
Jo Walton is a science fiction and fantasy writer. She's published eight novels, most recently Half a Crown and Lifelode, and two poetry collections. She reads a lot, and blogs about it here regularly. She comes from Wales but lives in Montreal where the food and books are more varied.
After posting the picture, I reallized that the quality of the image was very low, maybe it's because I'm using my smartphone to post via the deviantart app. I've delleted the first post to fix the problem, but it didn't help, so, I will be posting it again.
--------
Since I'm not good at following logic timelines, I'll be doing art of random episodes.
I decided to start with that episode because I really liked that scene (not exactly the scene, but the idea behind the scene, the composition and the angle of the camera).
About the episode, I've found it very funny. Trixie's cynicism and vain glory really made me laugh, I think that make her more imprevisive than pinkie pie.
That's all, folks. Hope you guys enjoy, and leave comments.
Last year's Formula V8 3.5 champion Dillmann joined team regulars Oliver Webb and James Rossiter for the three-day test, along with GT drivers Edoardo Liberati and Mikael Grenier, to help evaluate new developments for the NISMO-powered ENSO CLM P1/01.
ByKolles is set to return to the FIA World Endurance Championship next season as part of an expanded LMP1 field, having withdrawn from the 2017 campaign following July's Nurburgring race.
This was to prepare for increased competition within the privateer LMP1 ranks, which will be bolstered by Ginetta, BR Engineering/Dallara and possibly leading LMP2 supplier Oreca for the 2018/19 season.
Dillmann said he got the invite to join the Aragon test by team owner Colin Kolles to assess his suitability to join the squad, and that the team was "satisfied" with his performance.
"I got a call from Colin asking me to try the car and help them with development, because they are planning quite a big step for next year," the Frenchman told Motorsport.com.
"They wanted to see if I could be an option for next year, as well as giving my feedback on the new updates, and it all went really well. It was a really productive test.
"The car was really nice to drive, a lot of power with the NISMO engine. It was nice to drive, because this year I only did Formula E and GT, so it was good to be back in a powerful, high-downforce car."
ByKolles has a further test planned this month, but Dillmann said he was unsure if he would be invited back at this stage.
Asked whether securing a full-time LMP1 drive is now his primary objective, he replied: "It's something I'm looking at for sure. I'm talking to teams in ELMS as well.
"But in LMP2 the market is difficult for drivers like me, who are coming from single-seaters and not bringing a budget but are supposed to be professional.
"It's easier for teams to sell the remaining seats when you have an experienced LMP1 driver in the team. But it's difficult to fight against those guys."
ByKolles Enso CLM P1/01 Photo by: ByKOLLES Racing
Disappointed to lose Venturi drive
Dillmann spent the first part of 2017 racing for the Venturi Formula E team, being drafted in to replace Maro Engel in the Paris ePrix before securing a seat for the rest of the campaign as Stephane Sarrazin switched to Techeetah.
However, Dillmann was dropped for season four as Venturi pursued a partnership with Mercedes-aligned HWA, and signed DTM driver Edoardo Mortara to partner Engel.
Dillmann clarified he remains on the books of the team as reserve driver, and will be involved in the development of its season five powertrain, but admitted he was disappointed to miss out on a season four berth given his 2017 performances.
"I thought I did really well, because I jumped in without testing and did a really solid job," the 28-year-old said.
"I took more points than my teammate [Engel], and I was the one with the best qualifying average as well. I think the team noticed that as well, which is why I was doing testing with them this summer.
"Then they did a partnership with HWA and they have two Mercedes drivers in the car. But they saw I did really well, which is why I am still the third driver."
He added: "My goal is to be back [in Formula E] in season five. With Venturi would be great, but if not then with another team."
I drew this while I was thinking of ideas for a fanfic I'm working on.
I don't imagine Quibble's mane is naturally the same color as Daring Do's, I think he just dyed it for cosplay. I tried to draw it growing out a bit here and getting back to his natural color.
I imagine him working in a book shop. Because that would be too perfect. Haha.
I sort of made up the two ponies in the background as I was going along. The unicorn doesn't have a name yet, but he's terrible at magic and never got his cutie mark. He's kind of a slacker. The other pony owns the book shop. His name is Plot Twist (ha), and he kind of looks like Twist because he is her father (maybe her name is Peppermint Twist and everyone just calls her Twist because it's easier, IDK lol) For whatever reason, he doesn't live with Twist and her mother in Ponyville.
I'm not sure I like how this turned out, but I spent too much time working on it not to upload it so...yeah. xD
Inmate rights are a lost cause for an average politician. If anything, legislators are more likely to push for harsher sentences, more hurdles to parole, and less money for rehabilitation. Of course, history knows prisoners who survived jail through spirituality or by creating works of arts. But one Canadian court case shows that the state may deprive prisoners even of their rights to intellectual property created in the slammer.
John Hawley was sentenced to ten years in prison for armed robberies committed in his mid-twenties. After he was released on parole, John started a “successful commercial art and design studio in Toronto” (Hawley v. Canada, [1990] F.C.J. No. 337). When he served a part of his sentence in Frontenac Institution, a minimum security prison, he created a large painting entitled “Mount Whymper.” This work of art became the subject of a lawsuit he brought against the federal government claiming copyright in “Mount Whymper.”
The Federal Court denied his claim. It found that John was an employee of the Crown at all material times. The judge looked at some of the traditional factors showing supervision and control of John's work by the prison authorities. He found that John had a work supervisor and that he painted as part of his prison employment. Section 13(3) of the Copyright Act is unambiguous in denying an otherwise strong protection of the creator in cases of works produced in the course of employment. The employer is the IP owner, period.
But was John really a federal employee? According to the court, if you're in prison, you are, at least for the purposes of IP ownership. It ultimately doesn't matter that your employment is forced and that your spare time is artificially limited and controlled. To quote the judge: “Frontenac Institution policies, as found in similar institutions, provide only circumscribed conditions under which an inmate can profit or gain from his own labours exerted during leisure hours.” It looks like the flip side of prison rehabilitation is coerced federal employment and consequent government ownership of any works of art created by the inmate.
Oscar Wilde wrote De Profundis in gaol. Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn composed poems in the Gulag. If they did it in Canadian correctional institutions, would our federal government claim copyright in their works too?
Pulat Yunusov
Most Law & Order junkies and millennials probably only know Ice-T affectionately as the gruff, no-nonsense NYPD Detective Odafin “Fin” Tutuola on Law & Order: Special Victims Unit. But the rapper Ice-T came well before his nearly 20-year run on the television show. The story of Ice-T the rapper, including his crime-ridden days and his musical career, is being told on Sunday's episode of Unsung.
Some would argue that his body of work precludes him from being “unsung,” but Ice-T begs to differ.
Advertisement
“I think I might be unsung 'cause I'm an old-ass nigga,” Ice-T told The Root by telephone. “If a kid is 20, they were 1 years old when I went on Law & Order. They don't have any reference point to the music. If you don't know anything about me, it gives you a chance to learn about me.”
Ice-T was orphaned early. His mother, who was Creole, had a heart attack while he sat in her lap when he was in the third grade. A few years later, his father, who was African American, died of natural causes. He was sent to live with an aunt in Los Angeles in Crenshaw, a predominantly black neighborhood. The Crips and Bloods gang members ran his local school.
Urban legend has it that Ice-T was a gangbanger in his youth, most notoriously with the Crips. But he refutes that, saying that he straddled both worlds, being friendly with both sides. In fact, Ice-T never drank, smoked or did drugs, he claims, even to this day. He says because he was an only child and an orphan, he didn't have anyone to look out for him, so staying sober helped him stay on point to survive.
Advertisement
“I found that when you're in a school full of gangs, if you can entertain motherfuckers, you can keep them off your ass,” he told The Root. “I would write rhymes for gangbangers.”
But after a stint in the Army, Ice-T found that his boys from around the way, with whom he had committed petty theft, had graduated to robbing banks and jewelry stores.
“I was running with a band of thieves, and it was a survival tactic,” he said. “I didn't like it. I just didn't know a way out, and when rap music came, I found my way out.”
Advertisement
His two major influences for his music were Philly rapper Schoolly D and author Iceberg Slim. Iceberg Slim influenced him to become a self-professed pimp and to bring stories to his music—stories of pimps and hustlers, telling the “games of street cats over music.” Schoolly D would influence him for his first big hit, “6 'n' the Mornin',” which inspired him to continue writing unapologetically about street life.
He had heard Schoolly D's single “P.S.K. What Does It Mean?” in the club, a song that talked about gang life and the Park Side Killers gang in Philadelphia. Adopting Schoolly's style and sound, he wrote a more graphic version of gang life, talking about Uzis and hand grenades on “6 'n' the Mornin'” using minimal beats with a Roland TR-808 drum machine.
From there, he would become both beloved and criticized as the first gangster rapper. “That record got credit for being the first gangster rap record, but I always try to pay homage to Schoolly D for inspiring me,” Ice-T said.
Advertisement
A huge heavy metal fan, Ice-T also co-founded the group Body Count and featured them on the track “Body Count” on his fourth studio album, O.G. Original Gangster. Songs like “Colors” and “I'm Your Pusher” continued his reports from the streets. But it was the 1992 single “Cop Killer” by Ice-T and Body Count—which was meant to be a rock song but was billed as a rap song—that got then-President George H.W. Bush, then-Vice President Dan Quayle and the National Rifle Association's panties in a bunch.
The song, released on the eve of the Rodney King beating, was meant as a protest record to shed light on police brutality. Instead, Ice-T received threats from the Los Angeles Police Department and was lambasted on television by the president and vice president.
“Warner Bros. was getting death threats. Cops were like ‘Don't count on the police anymore, we see you, good luck.' They were after me and N.W.A at the time. But ‘Cop Killer' was just one degree worse than ‘Fuck tha Police.'”
Advertisement
Ice-T's Unsung airs Sunday on TV One at 10 p.m. ET.
The Deadly Assassin is the third serial of the 14th season of the British science fiction television programme Doctor Who, which was first broadcast in four weekly parts on BBC1 from 30 October to 20 November 1976.
In the serial, the alien time traveller the Master (Peter Pratt) seeks to restore his life force by disrupting a power source that would destroy the planet Gallifrey along with his archenemy the Fourth Doctor (Tom Baker).
Plot [ edit ]
The Fourth Doctor has a precognitive vision about the President of the Time Lords being assassinated. The Doctor goes to Gallifrey to stop the assassination. At the Panopticon, a Gallifreyan quasi-ceremonial chamber, he notes a camera stationed on an unguarded catwalk. He also spots a sniper rifle next to the camera. The Doctor fights his way to the catwalk, warning that the President is about to be killed. Unbeknownst to the Doctor, the assassin is among the delegates and shoots the President dead. However, the crowd sees the Doctor on the catwalk with the rifle and assumes he is the killer.
Under interrogation, the Doctor maintains that he has been framed. Eventually, Spandrell starts to believe him and orders Engin to assist him in an independent investigation. To delay his possible execution, the Doctor invokes Article 17 and announces that he will run for President, which guarantees liberty for those running for office during the course of an election.
During the course of the investigation, the Doctor realises that it was the Master who had sent the Doctor the premonition of the assassination through the Matrix, a vast electronic neural network which can turn thought patterns into virtual reality. He decides to enter the Matrix to track the Master. In the Matrix, the Doctor confronts an assassin who eventually reveals himself as Chancellor Goth. The Master, realising that Goth has been effectively defeated, tries to trap the Doctor in the Matrix by overloading the neuron fields. Engin gets the Doctor out of the Matrix, but Goth is fatally burnt.
The Doctor and Spandrell, accompanied by soldiers, make their way to the chamber where the Master and Goth were accessing the Matrix. They find the Master without a pulse and Goth dying. Goth reveals that he found the Master, near death, on Tersurus. The Master was nearing the end of his final regeneration. Goth went along with his schemes mainly for power: he knew the President had no intention of naming him as a successor, but if a new election was held, Goth would be the front-runner. Before he dies, Goth warns that the Master has a doomsday plan.
Attempting to piece together what the Master and Goth were planning, the Doctor inquires as to what becoming the President entails. He is told that the President has access to the symbols of office: the Sash and Great Key of Rassilon. As Engin plays records that describe how Rassilon found the Eye of Harmony within the "black void," the Doctor realises these objects are not merely ceremonial. He and realises that the Master injected himself with a neural inhibitor that mimics a deathlike state and is still alive.
The Doctor, Spandrell, and Engin arrive at the morgue to find that the Master has revived. The Master seizes the Sash from the President's corpse and traps the three in the morgue. The Doctor explains that the Eye is actually the nucleus of a black hole, an inexhaustible energy source that Rassilon captured to power Gallifrey; the Sash and Key are its control devices. The Doctor deduces that the Master was planning to steal this energy to gain a new cycle of regenerations; however, if the Eye is disrupted, Gallifrey will be destroyed and a hundred other worlds will be consumed in a chain reaction.
Inside the Panopticon, the Master makes his way to the obelisk containing the Eye. He unhooks the coils that connect it to Gallifrey and is prepared to access the energy. The Doctor makes his way to the Panopticon via a service shaft. The Citadel begins to quake, and cracks appear in the floor. The Doctor and the Master fight, until the Master loses his footing and falls into a chasm. The Doctor reconnects the coils and saves Gallifrey, although half the city is in ruins and many lives have been lost.
The Doctor is now free to return to his TARDIS. He bids farewell but also warns that the Master may not be dead as he had harvested energy from the obelisk before he was stopped and may have been able to channel it. As the Doctor's TARDIS dematerialises, Spandrell and Engin witness the Master sneak into his own TARDIS and escape.
Production [ edit ]
Robert Holmes said of The Deadly Assassin that it was difficult to write a script without anyone for the Doctor to share his thoughts and plans with, the usual role of the companion. Working titles for this story included The Dangerous Assassin (which Holmes changed to "deadly" because he thought it "didn't sound right"). The final title is a tautology: a successful assassin must, by definition, be deadly. However, since Time Lords can in general survive death, and the assassin's victims do not, he is perhaps "deadly" in that sense. According to the text commentary on the DVD, Holmes argued that the title was not a tautology, stating that there were plenty of incompetent assassins.
Cast notes [ edit ]
Bernard Horsfall guest stars as Chancellor Goth. He had previously appeared as an unnamed Time Lord (credited as 'Time Lord 1') in the serial The War Games (1969), extended media have since stated they are the same character. Other parts played by Horsfall in Doctor Who were Gulliver in The Mind Robber (1968) and Taron in Planet of the Daleks (1973), all of which were directed by David Maloney.[1] Angus MacKay later played the Headmaster in Mawdryn Undead (1983). George Pravda previously played Denes in The Enemy of the World (1967–68) and Jaeger in The Mutants (1972). Hugh Walters previously played William Shakespeare in The Chase (1965) and later appeared as Vogel in Revelation of the Daleks (1985).
Peter Pratt, who plays the Master, was previously a leading man with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company and a radio actor.[2]
Broadcast and reception [ edit ]
Episode Title Run time Original air date UK viewers
(millions) [3] 1 "Part One" 21:13 30 October 1976 ( ) 11.8 2 "Part Two" 24:44 6 November 1976 ( ) 12.1 3 "Part Three" 24:24 13 November 1976 ( ) 13 4 "Part Four" 24:23 20 November 1976 ( ) 11.8
The cliffhanger to Episode 3—where Goth holds the Doctor's head underwater in an attempt to drown him—came in for heavy criticism, particularly from the 'clean-up TV' campaigner Mary Whitehouse. She often cited it in interviews as one of the most frightening scenes in Doctor Who, her reasoning being that children would not know if the Doctor survived until the following week and that they would "have this strong image in their minds" during all that time.[4] After the episode's initial broadcast, the master tape of the episode was edited to remove the original ending. However, off-air U-matic recordings of the original broadcast exist with the ending intact, and have been used to restore the ending on the VHS and subsequent DVD release.[citation needed] The edited episode was included when the series was repeated on BBC1 from 4 to 25 August 1977[5] seen by 4.4, 2.6, 3.8 & 3.5 million viewers.[6]
Paul Cornell, Martin Day and Keith Topping wrote of the serial in The Discontinuity Guide (1995), "The reputation of The Deadly Assassin rests with its violence and its revelations about the Doctor's people and their culture. Politically literate and cynical ('We must adjust the truth'), the serial is the definitive text on the Time Lords. The Doctor's journey into the APC net ... is a visual and intellectual tour de force of hallucinatory images."[7] In The Television Companion (1998), David J. Howe and Stephen James Walker reported that at the time of broadcast several viewers took issue with the serial's portrayal of the Time Lords, finding it a contradiction of the small details that had previously been dropped about the Doctor's home planet, but over time its reputation became more positive. The pair themselves called it "a truly remarkable story" and praised the reintroduction of the Master.[8] In 2010, Patrick Mulkern of Radio Times was positive towards the serial and its supporting characters, though he did criticise the Matrix sequences for being more earthly rather than alien, despite them being constructed from deceased Time Lords.[9] The A.V. Club reviewer Christopher Bahn praised the plotting and Matrix sequences, calling it "well-crafted all around".[10] In 2010, Charlie Jane Anders of io9 listed the cliffhanger to the first episode—in which it appears the Doctor shoots the president—as one of the greatest cliffhangers in the history of Doctor Who.[11] Similarly, Den of Geek named the cliffhanger to the third episode as one of the ten best Doctor Who cliffhangers, praising the freeze frame.[12]
Analysis [ edit ]
Tat Wood suggests it is "blindingly obvious" that the story was largely inspired by the film and book The Manchurian Candidate.[8]
Commercial releases [ edit ]
In print [ edit ]
A novelisation of this serial, written by Terrance Dicks, was published by Target Books in October 1977, entitled Doctor Who and The Deadly Assassin.
Home media [ edit ]
This story was released on VHS in March 1989 in edited omnibus format in the US only. It was released on VHS in episodic format in the UK in October 1991. It was also re-released and remastered for the WHSmith-exclusive Time Lord Collection in 2002 with a better-quality freeze-frame cliffhanger for Episode 3. The Deadly Assassin was released on 11 May 2009 on Region 2 DVD. The serial was released in issue 52 of the Doctor Who DVD Files on 29 December 2010.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Terrorattacken i Stockholm + FÖLJ
Skulle utvisas – nu ska politikerna få fler att lämna Sverige
avOlof Svensson
SAMHÄLLE 10 april 2017 06:13
Rakhmat Akilov, 39, den misstänkte terroristen, var en av 12 000 som fått beslut om utvisning men gått under jorden.
Svenska myndigheter fruktar att andelen som fått avslag och avviker kommer att öka markant de kommande åren.
– Det behövs fler åtgärder. Det är självklart så att den som saknar asylskäl eller skyddsbehov ska återvända, säger inrikesminister Anders Ygeman.
1 av 4 | Foto: Marcus Ericsson Anders Ygeman, S.
Mannen som misstänks för lastbilsattacken, Rakhmat Akilov, 39, fick i december en tidsfrist på fyra veckor att lämna Sverige sedan hans ansökan till Migrationsverket avslagits.
I slutet av februari efterlystes han av polis men eftersom han inte befann sig på adressen där han var skriven kunde han inte omhändertas.
På polisens lista finns det omkring 12 000 personer i Sverige som är efterlysta på samma sätt. Och enligt Migrationsverket kommer andelen att öka markant i takt med att asylansökningarna från 2015 börjar betas av.
I den senaste prognosen skriver myndigheten att 50 000 personer kan komma att avvika fram till 2021. En del kommer med största sannolikhet självmant att lämna Sverige, men polisen fruktar att många kommer att gå under jorden och försörja sig genom kriminalitet eller själva bli utnyttjade av kriminella.
Statsminister Stefan Löfven sa under söndagen att han blev frustrerad över uppgiften att 39-åringen skulle ha utvisats. Inrikesminister Anders Ygeman är av samma åsikt.
– Det är självklart så att den som saknar asylskäl och skyddsbehov, den ska återvända, säger han.
Fler arbetsplatskontroller
För att få fler att lämna Sverige vill Anders Ygeman öka resurserna till polisen. Polisen ska också göra fler arbetsplatskontroller för att hitta arbetsgivare som anställer svart arbetskraft.
– Det behövs fler åtgärder men man ska också veta att de åtgärder som regeringen har vidtagit har gett effekt. Återvändandet ökade förra året med 55 procent, säger Anders Ygeman.
Moderatledaren Anna Kinberg Batra säger att det är ett stort problem att 39-åringen inte kunde utvisas.
– Han var också känd av Säpo sedan tidigare. Det ska vara skillnad på ja och nej. Har man fått nej så ska man lämna Sverige.
Vad vill du konkret göra?
– Polisen måste kunna verkställa besluten. Nu görs färre än hälften polisinsatser jämfört med för bara några år sedan. Vi måste se till att polisen har tillräckligt med resurser, tillräckligt med kollegor och att de kan prioritera att sköta sitt viktiga arbete.
Två attacker efter avslag
Med fredagens attack har Sverige haft två fall där människor som fått avslag på sin ansökan hos Migrationsverket utfört, eller misstänks ha utfört, uppmärksammade brott. Abraham Ukbagabir som dömdes för dubbelmordet på Ikea i Västerås 2015, hade nyligen fått beslut om utvisning. I förhör sa han att beslutet fått honom att utföra dådet.
Anders Ygeman, säger att det är ett bevis för hur viktigt det är att återvändandet ökar.
– Det är naturligtvis stötande, säger han.
Centerledaren Annie Lööf reagerar med bestörtning:
– Det här är mördare för det första, för det andra befinner de sig illegalt i landet, vilket vi skulle ha förhindrat. De skulle ha avvisats från landet. Nu är de här, då måste vi ta de konsekvenserna, säger hon och tillägger att hon nu hoppas att polisen har tillräckliga bevis mot 39-åringen, om han nu ligger bakom attacken.
Vad har Centerpartiet för förslag för att fler ska utvisas?
– Det verkar i mångt och mycket vara en pengafråga och en fråga om resursbrist. Även personella resurser, att man inte har tillräckligt med människor för att kunna möjliggöra för en avvisning. Nu behöver vi sätta oss ner tillsammans med myndigheterna och se vad det finns för konkreta förslag.
Åkesson: Förvara alla som riskerar avvika
SD-ledaren Jimmie Åkesson säger att det är en ”praktskandal” om uppgiften att 39-åringen skulle ha utvisats stämmer. För att öka utvisningstakten vill han att polisen gör fler inre utlänningskontroller och att de som fått beslut om utvisning ska sättas i förvar.
Vill du ha 10 000 människor i förvar?
– Vi ska förvara i de fall där det finns en risk att personen avviker, och det är det ju uppenbart i 10 000–15 000 fall. Vad som är praktiskt möjligt kan inte jag svara på men det är orimligt att vi har potentiella terrorister som avviker och försvinner.
LÄS OCKSÅ Misstänkt terrorattentat i Stockholm – detta vet vi just nu
LÄS OCKSÅ Rakhmat Akilov, 39, misstänks för attacken på Drottninggatan
LÄS OCKSÅ Forskaren: Vi måste jobba skarpt mot radikala miljöer
LÄS OCKSÅ Grannarna i chock: ”Det är helt overkligt”
LÄS OCKSÅ Vad vi vet om den misstänkte Rakhmat Akilov, 39
LÄS OCKSÅ 39-åringens vänner förvånade efter terrorgripandet
LÄS OCKSÅ Så kan man stoppa lastbilsattackerna
LÄS OCKSÅ Därför kommer så många terrorister från Uzbekistan och Centralasien
Like at many software companies, we at Localytics build command-line interfaces (CLIs) that manage our internal infrastructure and processes. These tools cover a broad range of applications, including integrating with our background jobs server, creating and maintaining AWS resources, as well as handling deployment and continuous delivery. We've written all of our CLIs with ruby, using thor to handle parsing and dispatching the commands.
For the last couple of weeks we've been fine-tuning many of these CLIs, and we've learned some things along the way about the user experience. Even though most of these CLIs are internal, we've found they need the same level of fidelity as external ones. Users expect a certain degree of quality, even from internal tooling.
Below is our list of best practices we've learned throughout this process. While this is certainly not an exhaustive list, if you follow these best practices you will be well on your way to creating an intuitive CLI that users will be happy to use.
Options
1. Every option that can have a default option should have a default option.
Writing out tons of options when you're invoking a CLI is exhausting. It's prone to spell errors, and usually results in users having to record their last usage or rely on their bash history in order to find the right incantation to make your CLI work properly. Most users coming to your CLI are trying to accomplish a task and don't need advanced configuration. Move your consumers faster through your CLI by making the most common path the default, while still allowing the fine tuning options for those that need it.
2. Provide long, readable option names with short aliases.
Longer option names are great for scripting the invocation of a CLI because it's clear what's happening (e.g., --profile ). Shorter option names are great for consumers on their laptops that can remember them (e.g., -p ). Provide both to support both use cases.
3. Use common command line options.
If your CLI is consistent with common patterns across the industry, your users are more likely to find it intuitive. Don't use --recur when you can use -r and --recursive . You want your script to contain the fewest number of surprises; being unique doesn't provide anything other than confusion.
4. Provide options for explicitly identifying the files to process.
A lot of CLIs perform some action over files or directories, be it reading them, parsing them, or even just counting them. Instead of requiring your users to execute your CLI in a specific working directory, provide the ability to point to those files directly. This saves the end user the effort of having to remember the current directory, and leads to many fewer extraneous cd statements in the middle of scripts.
5. Don't have positional options.
Options that depend on the position in which they were given are difficult to work with. If you're going to parse command line options yourself, make sure they can be specified in any order.
Usage
6. Provide an extensive, comprehensive help command that can be accessed by help , --help or -h .
You want your users to forget how to invoke your CLI, it means it was intuitive and didn't require extra brain power to grok. For those moments when they can't figure out what they need to know, provide an intuitive help command that lists every option, and how to use it. If it's a more extensive CLI, make sure there's a help command for each individual command as well. This advice is particularly salient when you come back to working on it after a while and can't remember how to invoke your own CLI.
7. Provide a version command that can be accessed by version , --version or -v .
If your CLI is going to be distributed, make sure you provide an intuitive way to access the version information. It will save you and the end user time if it's easy to access, as bug reports can come with a version attached. Follow semantic versioning so your users can expect breaking changes only on major releases.
8. Don't go for a long period without output to the user.
Sometimes your script will take longer to execute than people expect. Outputting something like 'Processing…' can go a long way toward reassuring the user that their command went through. Engineers especially have a natural tendency to distrust something they didn't write themselves, which can lead to people exiting out of a program that they think is hung.
9. If a command has a side effect provide a dry-run/whatif/no_post option.
Especially for CLIs that impact production systems, it's handy to have the CLI run through the motions without actually executing anything. This gives extra reassurance that what the user typed in corresponds to what they think it's going to do.
10. For long running operations, allow the user to recover at a failure point if possible.
It's a terrible experience to get halfway done processing a large number of files/items/etc. only to have the script crash with no way to restart where it left off. It may not even be the fault of the script itself - it could be something as simple as network connectivity. If your script fails halfway through, process the errors appropriately and allow the script to restart where it left off.
Interfacing
11. Exit with nonzero status codes if and only if the program terminated with errors.
Consistent exit statuses mean your CLI can be embedded within larger shell scripts, making it much more useful. Allow your users to switch on whether or not it was a clean exit, and handle the errors as they see fit.
Conversely, don't exit with a nonzero status code if your CLI didn't encounter an error. Your cleverness will end up confusing and frustrating your users, especially if -e is set.
12. Write to stdout for useful information, stderr for warnings and errors.
Depending on the context your CLI is run in, stdout and stderr can point to very different locations. Don't make it unnecessarily difficult for your users to find the correct logs when there's an error, or to parse the logs between what they need to know and what's just a warning.
Technical design
13. Keep the CLI script itself as small as possible.
This point is less specific to CLI design, and more general good software design. Move as much business logic out of the actual CLI script as possible. Your script will be much more easily extended with a more modular code design. If you want a web or application view of the functional logic that your CLI performs, it's much easier to reuse if your code is already properly factored out of the main CLI controller. As an added benefit, this makes the code easier to test.
14. Reserve outputting stack traces for truly exceptional cases.
For users that aren't familiar with CLIs, stack traces can be intimidating. Oftentimes, even with good error messaging, the additional output can lead users to think something went wrong with the actual program as opposed to their configuration or option combination. If you can tell when exceptional behavior is going to happen in your program, process your own errors properly, and output only the information that the user needs to know.
Libraries
As part of the last point, we are open-sourcing two libraries we have built to make it easier to invoke thor CLIs within a safe execution context, as well as handling other types of callbacks. They are hollaback and thor-hollaback . thor-hollaback adds callbacks to thor à la rails controllers. Using thor-hollaback , you can accomplish this point by:
Having a custom error class Wrapping your CLI with a class_around that points to an error handler Writing your error handler
As an example, see the below:
Lessons learned
As our continued use of CLIs to manage infrastructure and processes increases, we will continue to rely on this list for helping us build usable, intuitive interfaces for our users. We hope this list will help you build better CLIs as well.
Both gems are available on rubygems.org and are freely available for use. When you use them, please share your experience, approach, and any feedback in a gist, on a blog, or in the comments.
NBC 's Elena Gomez reports on the crash that happened early Monday and involved a man and his 6-month-old child and another driver with her two dogs. (Published Monday, May 2, 2016)
A father with his baby in the backseat was arrested Monday after a high-speed chase ended in a crash.
A California Highway Patrol officer spotted two cars preparing to race on northbound Interstate 15 near Market Street.
The CHP officer followed the white Honda Civic traveling at speeds of 100 miles per hour, officials said.
The officer tried to stop the driver but he kept driving until he exited on University Avenue and crashed into another driver at an estimated 60 miles an hour.
The impact flipped over the other driver's car. A 30-year-old woman and her two dogs were not harmed, officials said.
The 6-month-old baby's mother arrived to the crash scene and was visibly upset. The infant was not injured, officials said.
CHP investigators handcuffed the father after they say they found an open container and marijuana in his vehicle.
Facebook and Twitter are creating a vain generation of self-obsessed people with child-like need for feedback, warns top scientist
Facebook and Twitter have created a generation obsessed with themselves, who have short attention spans and a childlike desire for constant feedback on their lives, a top scientist believes.
Repeated exposure to social networking sites leaves users with an 'identity crisis', wanting attention in the manner of a toddler saying: 'Look at me, Mummy, I've done this.'
Baroness Greenfield, professor of pharmacology at Oxford University, believes the growth of internet 'friendships' – as well as greater use of computer games – could effectively 'rewire' the brain.
Vain generation: A top Oxford scientist has warned that repeated exposure to social networking websites could harm users. (Picture posed by model)
This can result in reduced concentration, a need for instant gratification and poor non-verbal skills, such as the ability to make eye contact during conversations.
More than 750million people across the world use Facebook to share photographs and videos and post regular updates of their movements and thoughts.
Millions have also signed up to Twitter, the 'micro-blogging' service that lets members circulate short text and picture messages about themselves.
Baroness Greenfield, former director of research body the Royal Institution, said: 'What concerns me is the banality of so much that goes out on Twitter.
'Why should someone be interested in what someone else has had for breakfast? It reminds me of a small child (saying): “Look at me Mummy, I'm doing this”, “Look at me Mummy I'm doing that”.
'It's almost as if they're in some kind of identity crisis. In a sense it's keeping the brain in a sort of time warp.'
A Twitter message from Stephen Fry
The academic suggested that some Facebook users feel the need to become 'mini celebrities' who are watched and admired by others on a daily basis.
They do things that are 'Facebook worthy' because the only way they can define themselves is by 'people knowing about them'.
'It's almost as if people are living in a world that's not a real world, but a world where what counts are what people think of you or (if they) can click on you,' she said.
'Think of the implications for society if people worry more about what other people think about them than what they think about themselves.'
Her views were echoed by Sue Palmer, a literacy expert and author, who said girls in particular believe they are a 'commodity they must sell to other people' on Facebook.
The friendly confines of Matthew Knight Arena, where the Oregon men's basketball team has won an NCAA-leading 42 straight games, no longer will offer refuge for the Ducks in 2016-17.A game out of first place in the Pac-12, and generally projected for a No. 2 seed into the NCAA Tournament, the UO men will need to prove themselves on the road for the remainder of this season. That includes the final three games of the regular season, beginning Wednesday at California (6 p.m., ESPN2).The No. 6 Ducks (24-4, 13-2 Pac-12) head out onto the road on the heels of an emotional Senior Day victory over Colorado on Saturday. Seniorsandenjoyed big games in front of friends and family, and want to keep the momentum going this week in the Bay Area."My mom told me, just stay focused," Boucher said. "She was happy, I was happy and it's a great memory for me. If it was my last game, it would have been a hard goodbye. With more games, I'll definitely play harder and stay focused, because it's almost done."Based on its win over Arizona in their only the matchup this season, Oregon can win the Pac-12 by tying the Wildcats in the conference race. But the Ducks remain a game behind Arizona since their loss at UCLA; the Wildcats and Bruins meet this Saturday, and the UO men want to keep pace in the event Arizona stumbles."We're going to have to play well; we're going to have to take care of business," UO coachsaid. "Cal is fighting for an NCAA berth, and they'll give us everything. And Stanford on (Saturday, its) Senior Day? It's a tough road trip to be taking this time of year."The Ducks were reminded a year ago how dangerous the Bay Area trip can be. Oregon took a six-game winning streak to Cal in mid-February of last year, before allowing the Golden Bears to shoot .557 and dominate the boards, 39-26, in a 20-point win."They punched us in the mouth early, and we didn't respond," UO juniorsaid. "We can't let that happen this year."In the early going Wednesday, the Ducks would like to set a tone that carries over one theme from their 86-63 win over the Golden Bears in Eugene earlier this season, and reverses another.In that 23-point win on Jan. 19, Oregon limited Cal big man Ivan Raab to four points on 2-of-10 shooting, and six rebounds. Boucher and fellow UO postwill work to similarly limit the projected NBA lottery pick in Wednesday's rematch."We don't want him to get going," Boucher said. "We want to play hard from the first minute, and every guy that goes against him, try to make it hard on him."Of Raab's six rebounds in Eugene last month, however, five were on the offensive end. Overall, California grabbed 19 offensive rebounds in that game, converting them into 15 second-chance points.Second-chance points were Oregon's Achilles' heel last week against Utah, an issue the Ducks addressed successfully against Colorado. Wednesday's game in Berkeley will match the nation's No. 54 offensive rebounding team in Cal, according to KenPom.com, against the Ducks' No. 193 defensive rebounding."That's going to be a huge focus for us," Benson said. "We have to limit them to one shot. (Cal and Stanford) are both big and they're both athletic, but we've got to make it tough on them."
Islamic State has urged lone jihadists to arm themselves with weapons to carry out a 'campaign of knife attacks' in quiet neighbourhoods.
In a propaganda magazine, ISIS urged would-be jihadists to 'overcome their squeamishness' which it said was 'never an excuse for abandoning jihad'.
The terror group made the call in the second edition of magazine Rumiyah, meaning Rome, which was issued by the organisation's Al-Hayat Media Centre.
According to PJ Media, the article urges would-be jihadists to launch their assaults at nighttimeon random victims in alleys, beaches, forests, and 'quiet neighbourhoods', and aim for a 'reasonable kill count.'
An ISIS propaganda magazine has called on would-be terrorists to arm themselves with knives
The first edition of the magazine, which was issued last month, urged jihadists to target teens playing after-school sport and pavement flower-sellers.
In the latest PDF edition, which has been distributed widely on social media, supporters were urged to arm themselves with readily-available weapons and launch a 'campaign of knife attacks' in which the attacker 'could dispose of his weapon after each use, finding no difficulty in acquiring another one.'
In a call to arms, an article in the magazine says: 'One need not be a military expert or a martial arts master, or even own a gun or rifle in order to carry out a massacre or to kill and injure several disbelievers and terrorize an entire nation.'
Urging followers to carry out brutal acts of violence, the article continues: 'Many people are often squeamish of the thought of plunging a sharp object into another person's flesh.
The magazine has told followers of Islamic State that 'any such squirms and discomforts are never an excuse for abandoning jihad'
'It is a discomfort caused by the untamed, inherent dislike for pain and death, especially after 'modernization' distanced males from partaking in the slaughtering of livestock for food and the striking of the enemy in war.
'However, any such squirms and discomforts are never an excuse for abandoning jihad.'
The shocking article even goes on to advise would-be terrorists on which weapons to use.
'It is explicitly advised not to use kitchen knives, as their basic structure is not designed to handle the kind of vigorous application used for assassinations and slaughter,' it reads, adding: 'to avoid troublesome knives, those that can cause harm to the user because of poor manufacturing.'
Liverpool boss Kenny Dalglish is plotting a stunning move to bring Napoli striker Edinson Cavani to Anfield before the end of the transfer window.
The Reds chief has placed the Urugyuan at the top of his hit list as he continues his search for a strike that can fill in for the suspended Luis Suarez. Andy Carroll continues to struggle with the anniversary of his record breaking £35 million move from Newcastle fast approaching whilst Dirk Kuyt's drop in form has persuaded Dalglish he needs a proven centre forward to fire the club back into Europe.
Liverpool v Bournemouth Sat 15th August 2015
Whilst Craig Bellamy has impressed up front the Welshman is always susceptible to breaking down with injury and Dalglish know's he can't rely on Carroll and Kuyt to provide goals. Liverpool have scored just four times in as many Premier League games since Suarez's suspension winning just once and dropping below Arsenal and Newcastle in pursuit of the top four.
Cavani has now emerged as a serious target for the 60-year-old who is toying with the idea of pairing him with fellow countryman Suarez in a devastating attacking partnership. The duo linked up to great effect in the World Cup two years ago and Dalglish is convinced the partnership could turn the club into serious title contenders next season.
The 24-year-old certainly knows where the net is scoring 51 times in 72 games since moving to the Stadio San Paolo in the summer of 2010 but could be coaxed into joining Suarez in England. Chelsea and Manchester City have also been credited with an interest in Cavani but were put off by Napoli's £30 million asking price although it's thought Dalglish is willing to spend big to capture the 6ft 2in striker.
(Courtesy Donald King)
By all accounts last night's subway commute was not specifically too good.
@Gothamist I really hope you have a piece about last night's INSANE subway fuck ups. The ABCDEFM were stopped for hours at rush hour. UGH. — John Thrasher (@jthrasher) December 12, 2014
As you wish, Thrasher.
Manhole Fire, Delays, Malfunctioning Doors Plague Subway System All At Once - CBS http://t.co/pfkJNe7KZc #business pic.twitter.com/poiWJUzedl — #SocialMedia NC (@greensboro_nc) December 12, 2014
Our story begins around 6 p.m. when a manhole burst into flames in the West 4th Street station, causing signal problems and extensive delays. MTA spokesman Adam Lisberg says, "We had to stop some trains in their tracks so they wouldn't enter the smoke area, and it took a while to get those trains into stations. We apologize for the inconvenience, but we do it for safety—we obviously would never put anyone into a dangerous situation like that."
That gosh darn manhole fire crippled service on the (deep breath) B, D, F, M, R, A, C, and E lines.
Meanwhile, on the numbered lines, a "computerized signal system" caused delays on the 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7. We always said the MTA was asking for trouble putting computers in charge! And then, according to the Lisberg, "a train on the 42 St shuttle opened its doors on the wrong side, which required us to take the train out of service while we investigated." This is freaky:
Scary moment on the @MTA shuttle at Times Square pic.twitter.com/O64rTbyYOJ — D king (@APDonKing) December 12, 2014
We're also hearing that some sort of "giant gelatinous cocoon" burst open on the G train, releasing the screeching, acid-breathing spawn of Beelzebub, but those reports remain unconfirmed.
The NYC subway system is having a banner night. pic.twitter.com/FkNrPIp5wd — Stina Sternberg (@StinaSternberg) December 11, 2014
The L train would have been cool, but then all these poseurs jumped on the bandwagon when their lamestream trains stopped running to L0sert0wn:
14 Street Union Square L train stairway is packed with people just looking to get home #275ARide #ACEShutdown A photo posted by Metropolitan Trash Association (@mta_ny) on Dec 12, 2014 at 4:13pm PST
And here's the scene at Queensboro Plaza, where commuter Jonathan Hilburg says, "People on both sides of the platform were struggling not to fall off, and fights kept breaking out as no one wanted to move down the stairs, waiting for trains that weren't going to come."
Queensboro Plaza (Jonathan Hilburg)
Hilburg adds, "It took me about and hour and a half on what's usually a 30 minute commute. Once people started getting moving, I ended up walking the last 16 blocks home."
"Any of these problems would have disrupted the evening; all three of them together was a particularly bad confluence," says Lisberg. "We're sorry for the inconvenience we know this caused our customers. Now that we're routinely carrying more than 6 million customers per day, even the slightest problem gets magnified and is harder to recover from."
According to the MTA's website, there are currently delays on the 7 train and the N, Q, R. Lisberg also says a building fire next to the J tracks at the Van Siclen Station has disrupted J train service. Shuttle buses are running between Broadway Junction and Crescent until further notice. Here's a photo of that mess taken from the 85th street station this morning:
This one goes out to my man John Thrasher, by request.
The European Commission is threatening to fine Facebook, Twitter, Google and other social networks unless they overhaul their terms and conditions to pull out legal escape clauses.
An official from the EC's consumer protection authorities confirmed it intends to "take action to make sure social media companies comply with EU consumer rules."
Today's crackdown follows a letter sent to tech giants at the end of last year pointing out that the rules users sign up to when they use their services are not consistent with European law and need to be changed.
Those letters resulted in a flurry of activity by the US-based companies, introducing new policies and processes in an effort to head off a formal investigation. But, as the German government made clear earlier this week when it announced plans to fine them up to €50m for not taking down illegal content within 24 hours, those efforts were not sufficient.
Germany – which remains the most powerful member of the European Union – promised it would also push its efforts to make Facebook, Twitter and friends more accountable in Europe. The decision to push for changes to their terms and conditions appears to be the first stage of that.
As for the changes requested by the EC, they appear to be focused on pulling out the legal language that the companies use to avoid liability as far as possible.
In particular, the requirement for any user of the services worldwide to sue the company in the state of California – where most of the companies are based and which has a tech-friendly legal system – is top of the list, with the EC saying it needs to be changed so users can sue the company in their home country.
There is also a push to remove or reform language over consumers waiving their rights, including the ability to cancel a contract – something that would likely change social media companies' ability to claim that anything posted to their networks is their property. And changes have been requested over how the companies determine what is suitable content submitted by users.
If enacted, the changes would give users greater control over their content as well as make it easier for the authorities to impose constraints and fines on the companies if they fail to remove illegal content. ®
These children got a special visit from some noble superheroes.
Patients and their families at the ProMedica Toledo Children's Hospital in Ohio had a Halloween they will never forget, last week. On Oct. 30, members of the Toledo police SWAT team donned superhero costumes and arrived on the hospital roof via helicopter, according to ProMedica's YouTube page. The team then scaled down the building and surprised children at their windows, acting as heroes in a staged heist.
"It was awesome," police patrolman Matt Slaman, aka Wolverine, told ABC13 of the experience. " To see all the kids ... as you're going down the floor -- all those people in their rooms -- you can see their faces light up. So, you're really seeing you're bringing some joy in their life."
Appearances were made by Thor, Superman and the Hulk, among other famous heroes and comic book characters. The characters' grand introduction was viewed on a TV indoors, featuring a newscaster. The group's "mission" was to stop the sinister Dr. Trickster, whose plan was to ruin Halloween in Toledo. The good guys descended the building -- Spider-Man climbing upside-down -- and met their villain on the ground, defeating him once and for all.
The act ended with a pre-recorded video of Dr. Trickster being taken into custody by the SWAT team. The heroes proceeded to take pictures with their fans and their families, according to the Toledo Blade.
The SWAT team was inspired by different stories of window washers dressing up as superheroes and surprising sick kids, the outlet reported. Those involved said they had a blast bringing smiles to the faces of those inside. The children watching were pretty pleased with the heroes' crime-fighting as well.
"It was pretty cool," said Nicholas Pinkstaff, an 8-year-old at the hospital, told the Blade.
President Obama told supporters Monday night that he needed their help battling against “a lot of misinformation” spread by political opponents about his signature healthcare legislation.
Speaking on a virtual conference call hosted by Organizing for Action, the political group born from his reelection campaign, the president admitted that problems with the ObamaCare website had put a damper on early enrollment efforts.
“The good news is it's getting better every single week,” Obama said. “I am confident that by the end of this month, it is going to be functioning for the vast majority of folks.”
The president conceded that the botched rollout “created and fed a lot of this misinformation” about the law. He said that some individuals would still need to be enrolled by phone or in person, even after repairs to the website were complete. And he accused Republicans of complicating efforts to get the program off the ground.
“Obviously, we haven't been getting a lot of cooperation from the other party,” he said.
Obama encouraged supporters to talk face-to-face with neighbors, friends, and family members about the law. He also suggested that proponents of ObamaCare should use holiday parties and family gatherings to encourage their loved ones to purchase insurance.
“We have to remember the conversations we're having around the dinner table,” Obama said.
He also thanked his backers for their support during the trying early weeks of the ObamaCare rollout.
“Despite all the noise out there, despite all the criticism, despite all the setbacks that we've experienced during this process, I've never lost faith,” he said, adding that his supporters were “what keeps me going.”
Despite the president's assurances, his tone throughout his 12 minutes of remarks was noticeably subdued — an issue amplified by a scratchy phone connection that made it, at times, difficult to hear the president.
Many reporters struggled initially to join the call because of buffering issues with the website, an ironic twist considering that a purpose of the teleconference was to downplay problems with HealthCare.gov.
Still, OFA Executive Director Jon Carson announced that more than 200,000 individuals had accessed the teleconference.
The president also took a brief detour from discussing his signature health care law to denounce a move by Senate Republicans to filibuster the nomination of Judge Robert Wilkins's nomination to the D.C. Court of Appeals.
Obama blasted the move as “obstructionism” and “completely unprecedented,” while hinting that the fight "may get more attention" in the coming weeks.
That could indicate that Democrats are steeling for another battle over Senate filibuster rules.
Following a similar filibuster of Rep. Mel Watt (D-N.C.) to oversee the Federal Housing Finance Agency, Vice President Biden said it was “worth considering” the so-called nuclear option. Democrats could change the upper chamber's rules so that only a simple majority was necessary to confirm nominees.
A smokeless cannabis-vaporizing device delivers the same level of active therapeutic chemical and produces the same biological effect as smoking cannabis, but without the harmful toxins, according to University of California San Francisco researchers.
Results of a UCSF study, which focuses on delivery of the active ingredient delta-9-tertrahydrocannibinol, or THC, are reported in the online issue of the journal "Clinical Pharmacology and Therapeutics."
"We showed in a recent paper in the journal 'Neurology' that smoked cannabis can alleviate the chronic pain caused by HIV-related neuropathy, but a concern was expressed that smoking cannabis was not safe. This study demonstrates an alternative method that gives patients the same effects and allows controlled dosing but without inhalation of the toxic products in smoke," said study lead author Donald I. Abrams, MD, UCSF professor of clinical medicine.
The research team looked at the effectiveness of a device that heats cannabis to a temperature between 180 and 200 degrees C, just short of combustion, which occurs at 230 degrees C. Eighteen individuals were enrolled as inpatients for six days under supervision in the General Clinical Research Center at San Francisco General Hospital Medical Center.
Under the study protocol, the participants received on different days three different strengths of cannabis by two delivery methods--smoking or vaporization--three times a day.
Plasma concentrations of THC were measured along with the exhaled levels of carbon monoxide, or CO. A toxic gas, CO served as a marker for the many other combustion-generated toxins inhaled when smoking. The plasma concentrations of THC were comparable at all strengths of cannabis between smoking and vaporization. Smoking increased CO levels as expected, but there was little or no increase in CO levels after inhaling from the vaporizer, according to Abrams.
"Using CO as an indicator, there was virtually no exposure to harmful combustion products using the vaporizing device. Since it replicates smoking's efficiency at producing the desired THC effect using smaller amounts of the active ingredient as opposed to pill forms, this device has great potential for improving the therapeutic utility of THC," said study co-author Neal L. Benowitz, MD, UCSF professor of medicine, psychiatry and biopharmaceutical sciences. He added that pills tend to provide patients with more THC than they need for optimal therapeutic effect and increase side effects.
Patients rated the "high" they experienced from both smoking and vaporization and there was no difference between the two methods by patient self-report of the effect, according to study findings. In addition, patients were asked which method they preferred.
"By a significant majority, patients preferred vaporization to smoking, choosing the route of delivery with the fewest side effects and greatest efficiency," said Benowitz.
Co-authors include Cheryl A. Jay, MD, UCSF neurology; and Starley B. Shade, MPH; Hector Vizoso, RN; and Mary Ellen Kelly, MPH, UCSF Positive Health Program at San Francisco General Hospital Medical Center.
The study was funded by the University of California's Center for Medicinal Cannabis Research.
When the 2017 Women's Frozen Four begins next March in St. Charles, Missouri, the teams involved are going to have their work cut out for them if they want to top the story lines from last year. The story was perfect – a returning superstar coming back from what was believed to be a career-ending injury only to score the game-winning goal in the final.
It's not an exaggeration to say that Amanda Kessel's return was one of the biggest stories in hockey last year. After suffering through the aftermath of a career-threatening concussion, Kessel was able to come back after three years away from the game to join her Minnesota teammates in February of this year. After a slow recovery that involved doctors telling her not to play hockey and the NCAA once ruling that her eligibility had expired, Kessel didn't just come back – she made an impact.
It wasn't an easy road for the third-seeded Minnesota Golden Gophers, as they had to get through this year's pre-season favorite, Wisconsin, only to face top-seeded Boston College in the finals. Led by Kessel, Amanda Leveille and Sarah Potomak – who was the first freshman to win the tournament's Most Outstanding Player award – the Gophers were able to beat Boston College and win their record-setting sixth NCAA Championship, pulling one ahead of in-state rival UM-Duluth.
While last year's tournament was buoyed, for some, by the Kessel story – who used the championship-clinching goal to pull ahead of Hilary Knight for the all-time Frozen Four scoring leader – this year's will be about the matchups.
The Wisconsin Badgers enter the season as the nation's top-ranked team and will be looking to get a step closer to the National Championship this season. Wisconsin will be led offensively by junior star Annie Pankowski, but it's Ann-Renée Desbiens who gives the Badgers the potential to be absolutely dominant this season. Desbiens had an historic 2015-16 season and has the potential to go down as the best NCAA women's goalie of all time. Desbiens set an NCAA record with 21 shutouts last season while posting an incredible .960 save percentage. Though it's hard to believe Desbiens can repeat the type of performance she had last season, it's very likely that she will end up being a difference maker when the tournament rolls around.
The Badgers are not the only perennial powerhouse that will be looking to set themselves up for a Frozen Four run. Boston College and Minnesota were second and third in the preseason rankings respectively and have a lot of young talent that will look to fill the void of some big-time graduations.
With Alex Carpenter and Haley Skarupa gone, Boston College will look to Megan Keller to step up and lead a team that has national championship aspirations every season. Keller set a program record for points by a defender last season, and she will look to continue her development towards being the best blueliner in college hockey. While they've dropped down to fifth in the rankings this week after a 2-1-1 start, don't expect the young team to drop out of the national championship conversation.
The defending champions in Minnesota came into the season as the second-ranked team – sandwiched between Wisconsin and Boston College. While a lot of their top players have moved on, one name that is still around this season is Dani Cameranesi. The senior forward is entering the year looking for her third straight 65+ point season. The Gophers offense will certainly be focused on Cameranesi; look for Potomak to step up and fill the void left by NWHL second overall pick Hannah Brandt. A 3-1-0 start has seen the Gophers drop down to third in the nation.
While it's the usual names at the top of the preseason rankings, they aren't the only teams in the hunt for the Frozen Four championship. The Taylar Cianfarano-led Quinnipiac Bobcats could make some noise this season. Starting the season ranked just behind the big three, Quinnipiac has the talent and experience to be a legitimate contender. An impressive 4-0 start has the Bobcats up to second in the rankings, even stealing a first-place vote from Wisconsin. Clarkson, North Dakota, Colgate and St. Lawrence are also teams to look out for this year, especially when the calendar turns to tournament time.
Last year, Amanda Kessel drew people in. Even people who don't regularly follow NCAA women's hockey knew of Kessel and what a big deal it was that she was playing again. The tournament gained interest from people who wouldn't ordinarily pay attention. While the #BestKessel drew them in, there is little doubt that the quality of competition hooked at least some.
This year's Frozen Four will be about building on this excitement – and the potential is there. The quality and parity at the top of NCAA hockey this season will undoubtedly create the drama necessary to make the tournament compelling. We don't know who they are or when they will emerge, but NCAA tournaments are the time when stories are made and stars are propelled to new heights. It will be fun to watch as this year's Frozen Four approaches and these stories begin to take shape.
Entertainment Weekly has your first look at Jesse Eisenberg 's bald, Lex Luthor in director Zack Snyder's Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice. According to Snyder, expect to see a Lex Luthor like none before. "He's not any of the Lexes that you've seen, that's for sure other than him being a captain of industry and one person to the world and another person to himself. And bald, of course. Our Lex is disarming and he's not fake. He says what he believes and he says what's on his mind. If you can unravel the string and decipher what he means, it's all there."
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice arrives in theaters on March 25, 2016.
UPDATE: Here's a color version of the photo courtesy of Marvel artist Scott Johnson.
THE first archaeological study of the Gallipoli battlefield shows that troops on opposing sides quenched their thirst with different brews. While the Anzacs were more likely to drink rum, beer was the beverage of choice for their Turkish enemies.
The preliminary findings of a joint Australian, New Zealand and Turkish project to identify and record Gallipoli's significant sites before the battle's centenary in 2015 were unveiled by Veterans' Affairs Minister Warren Snowdon yesterday.
Professor Antonio Sagona announces the preliminary findings. Credit:Department of Veterans' Affairs, Antonio Sagona
The study mapped trench systems, 12 cemeteries, concrete boundary markers and tunnels created during the Gallipoli campaign, which began with the dawn landing on April 25, 1915 and ended on January 9 the following year. About 50,000 Australians served during the Gallipoli campaign and more than 8700 died there.
Using GPS technology with accuracy to within 30centimetres, researchers mapped 4000metres of front-line and communications trenches on both sides. When laid over the original 1915 battlefield maps, the two matched.
What's Up With the Short Raised Bike Lane By Times Square?
New curb-protected raised bike lane 7th Av/46th in Times Sq – sadly it's only 1 block, w weak connexns to N & S pic.twitter.com/nPIzbMCUu4 — Jon Orcutt (@jonorcutt) January 21, 2016
Yes, there is now a short segment of raised bike lane on Seventh Avenue at Times Square. TransitCenter's Jon Orcutt tweeted the picture above last month.
The Department of Design and Construction, which is building the permanent pedestrian plazas and other street improvements at Times Square, has so far only put down the raised lane between 46th Street and 45th Street. It's supposed to be part of a short detour for cyclists using the Broadway bike lane to bypass the pedestrian plazas.
We checked in with DDC about the project, and a spokesperson directed us to DOT. DOT said more is coming. The finished product will provide a contraflow protected lane from Broadway to Seventh on 47th Street. From there cyclists would be directed to the eastern side of Seventh, and for the block between 47th Street and 46th Street there would only be sharrows. Then the raised lane will extend from 46th to 42nd, and the detour will conclude with sharrows on 42nd Street from Seventh to Broadway.
Bike lanes were not in the original design for the permanent plaza project but were added later in the process at the request of DOT, according to a spokesperson from the Times Square Alliance. Raised bike lanes are unusual in NYC but there are a few precedents, like the block of Sands Street between Navy and Gold near the Manhattan Bridge.
I checked in on the progress along Seventh Avenue recently and there was some construction going on south of 46th Street, where the rest of the raised lane is supposed to be built.
DDC's online database of capital projects list an April 14 completion date for the plaza construction, but judging by the current conditions it will likely finish later than that.
Story highlights "Russia needs Europe more than Europe needs Russia," Cameron says
Russia's President Vladimir Putin signs law allowing joining of Crimea to Russia
EU leaders and Ukraine's PM sign the political part of a Ukraine-EU trade deal
Tough U.S. and EU sanctions have been imposed on members of Putin's inner circle
Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk signed the political elements of a trade pact with the European Union on Friday, even as Russian lawmakers finalized annexation of Ukraine's Crimea region.
The signing in Brussels signals Europe's solidarity with Ukraine -- and carries additional symbolic force because it was the decision by Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych in November to ditch the trade pact in favor of closer ties with Russia that triggered the protests that led to his ouster in February and spiraled into the current crisis.
It also comes a day after the European Union and the United States slapped sanctions on Russian lawmakers and businessmen; Russia responded with its own list of sanctions against a number of U.S. lawmakers and officials.
In another sign of defiance, Russian President Vladimir Putin, flanked by the speakers of both houses of Parliament, signed a treaty Friday finalizing the accession to Russia of the Crimea region and its port city of Sevastopol.
JUST WATCHED New sanctions 'will be noticed' in Moscow Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH New sanctions 'will be noticed' in Moscow 00:30
JUST WATCHED Ukraine volunteers train to fight Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Ukraine volunteers train to fight 01:27
JUST WATCHED EU announces new round of sanctions Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH EU announces new round of sanctions 02:09
JUST WATCHED Obama hits Russia with more sanctions Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Obama hits Russia with more sanctions 03:16
JUST WATCHED EU announces new round of sanctions Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH EU announces new round of sanctions 02:09
The upper house unanimously approved ratification of the treaty a day after Russia's lower house of Parliament, the State Duma, passed it by an overwhelming margin.
The political crisis has been the biggest blow to Russia's relations with the West since the Cold War.
In a sign that Western sanctions are already weighing on Russian authorities, Finance Minister Anton Siluanov said Friday in Moscow that the government will have to pay more to borrow money, state news agency ITAR-Tass said.
Russia "will look at our oil and gas revenues. If the situation is like it is now, we will probably have to give up external borrowings and cut domestic ones," Siluanov said.
Yatsenyuk: EU speaking in one voice
Moscow has doggedly pursued its own course even as Western leaders have denounced its actions as violations of Ukraine's sovereignty and a breach of international law.
Though Russia insists that its actions are legitimate, Ukraine's interim government has said Kiev will never stop fighting for Crimea.
Human Rights Watch said in a statement Friday that it has concluded that the international law of occupation applies to Russian forces in Crimea. "The occupying party is ultimately responsible for violations of international law committed by local authorities or proxy forces," it said.
While in Brussels, Yatsenyuk held talks with European Council President Herman Van Rompuy and European Commission chief Jose Manuel Barroso.
He said Russia's ratification of the treaty annexing Crimea is less important than the EU trade pact he has signed with EU leaders.
"Frankly speaking, I don't care about Russia signing this deal; I care about Ukraine, Ukrainians and our European future," he said. "This deal covers more existential and most important issues, mainly security and defense cooperation."
Yatsenyuk said the European Union would "speak in one single and strong voice" to protect its values and defend Ukraine's territorial integrity.
Van Rompuy said the deal "shows our steadfast support for the course the people of Ukraine have courageously pursued."
EU travel bans, asset freezes
The European Union confirmed details of the sanctions against 12 Russian officials agreed to late Thursday at the EU Heads of State or Government summit.
Those targeted with travel bans and asset freezes include Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin, as well as the chairwoman of the Russian upper house, Valentina Matvienko, and two Putin advisers.
"Sanctions are not a question of retaliation; they are a foreign policy tool," Van Rompuy said. "Our goal is to stop Russian action against Ukraine, to restore Ukraine's sovereignty, and to achieve this, we need a negotiated solution."
He said the European Union expected soon to finalize approval of the remaining parts of the deal, particularly its economic provisions.
British Prime Minister David Cameron said the European Commission will draw up further sanctions -- in finance, military and energy -- for use if the situation escalates.
"Europe is, I think, 25% or so reliant on Russian gas," he said. "But if you look at Gazprom's revenues, something like 50% of them come from Europe. So, you know, Russia needs Europe more than Europe needs Russia."
Cameron said the measures agreed to in Brussels will carry a cost for Crimea, whose goods would face heavy penalties and tariffs in Europe if they are shipped through Russia, not Ukraine.
EU leaders want to see an international observer mission in Crimea, preferably under the aegis of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe but, if not, sent by the European Union, Cameron said.
Ban: 'Deeply concerned'
A day after speaking with Putin in Moscow, U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon met Friday in Kiev with acting President Oleksandr Turchynov, then told reporters he was "very deeply concerned" by the tensions in parts of Ukraine and between Kiev and Moscow. "These are some of the most traumatic and difficult times in the history of Ukraine," he said.
Ban urged a peaceful, diplomatic resolution to the crisis and said all parties should refrain from inflammatory actions and rhetoric.
U.N. Assistant Secretary-General for Human Rights Ivan Simonovic arrived Friday in Crimea for a two-day visit aimed at laying the groundwork for a U.N. human rights monitoring mission, the United Nations said.
He and a team were to meet with Crimean leaders, the head of the Crimean Tatar minority and others, including the families of Ukrainian servicemen, the United Nations said.
The United Nations and other organizations stand ready to assist with the country's elections, slated to be held May 25, Ban said. While in Kiev, he was also planning to meet with Yatsenyuk and other ministers and lawmakers.
In another sign of solidarity with Ukraine, France is offering to strengthen a NATO air-policing mission in the Baltic area by sending four jets, a Defense Ministry spokesman said Friday.
The offer, accepted by the Baltic states, was extended Friday as French Defense Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian traveled to Lithuania, Estonia and Poland, said Sacha Mandel, the minister's communication adviser.
His trip followed a visit to the Baltics this week by Vice President Joe Biden.
Putin's inner circle
JUST WATCHED The deadly day that changed Kiev Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH The deadly day that changed Kiev 03:35
The U.S. sanctions announced Thursday target 20 people seen as close to Putin, as well as a bank, Rossiya, believed to serve the President and senior Russian officials.
Putin rejected the putative link. "I personally didn't have an account there, but I'll definitely open it on Monday," he said Friday, according to the Kremlin.
The individuals named by the U.S. Treasury include Putin allies in the Kremlin and in business. Among the 16 government officials are Putin's chief of staff, Sergei Ivanov; the speaker of the State Duma, Sergey Naryshkin; and Viktor Ozerov, chairman of the Security and Defense Committee of the Russian Parliament's upper house.
Four others were named as members of the government's inner circle. They are financier Yuri Kovalchuk, labeled Putin's personal banker by a senior U.S. administration official; magnate Gennady Timchenko, whose activities in the energy sector have been directly linked to Putin, according to the Treasury; and businessmen Arkady and Boris Rotenberg.
Washington aid
In Washington, the House Foreign Affairs Committee introduced a bill Friday that provides aid to Ukraine.
"The United States must stand with the people of Ukraine in the wake of Russia's attack on and occupation of Crimea," said ranking member Eliot Engel, D-New York, in a statement. "It sends a clear message to President Putin and his corrupt cronies that we will not tolerate Russian aggression."
The House had passed a loan-guarantee bill and a non-binding resolution calling for sanctions, but Friday's legislation proposes statutory language to put those sanctions into law.
President Barack Obama is to meet next week with other leaders of the so-called G7 group of industrialized nations, on the sidelines of a nuclear summit in the Netherlands. Russia has been excluded from the talks.
Obama signed an executive order that authorizes further sanctions on key sectors of the Russian economy if Moscow does not act to deescalate the situation.
Sanctions affect Russian markets
Washington had already announced sanctions Monday on 11 individuals; the European Union had imposed travel bans and asset freezes on 21 people.
Swedish Foreign Minister Carl Bildt told CNN's Christiane Amanpour that the new round of U.S. sanctions would be "significantly more powerful than the first one."
The latest round "hits significant economic interests that are fairly close to the ruling circles in Moscow," he said. "It will be noticed."
Markets were down Friday in Moscow, amid uncertainty in the business community.
The Moscow Interbank Curency Exchange, or MICEX index, fell more than 2% -- bringing its 2014 losses to 14%. The ruble rebounded after falling early in the day; it has lost about 10% since the start of the year.
In contrast, the markets and ruble had risen Monday, when the first round of sanctions was announced and did not appear to target those in Putin's inner circle.
The business community now appears to fear that Putin is on a collision course with the West, and that that could undermine its interests.
Russia's Foreign Ministry said Friday that it had asked Putin to draft countermeasures in response to the expanded Western sanctions.
On Thursday, Moscow imposed measures against nine U.S. officials and lawmakers, including House Speaker John Boehner, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and Sens. John McCain, Robert Menendez, Daniel Coats and Mary Landrieu, according to the Russian Foreign Ministry.
I was born in 1976, five years after the opening of Walt Disney World. My parents visited in the next year and made the drive from Missouri to Florida regularly for our family vacations. One of my earliest memories is arriving at the Polynesian in 1980 and taking a golf cart to our room. I have small bits of that trip in my mind, but most images come from photos and crude home movies. The first vacation that really sticks with me is my introduction to EPCOT Center in 1984. That incredible park left quite an impression on an eight-year-old with an interest in space and sci-fi. It was just the beginning of a lifelong interest in Disney World and the parks' larger history.
A few months' ago, my parents handed me an envelope they'd discovered with random pictures I'd taken on various childhood trips. It's safe to say that I was not a good photographer, and this was long before digital cameras and smartphones. Even so, it's fun to look back at these early trips and beloved attractions that are long gone. I've scanned in some photos for this post and offered a few thoughts beneath each one about those amazing vacations. I definitely need to dig further into my old photos, especially those of favorite EPCOT Center attractions.
The Wonders of Future World
What more can I say about Horizons? It embodied what I loved best about the original EPCOT Center in the '80s. Horizons' reputation seems to be growing with each passing year. Unlike some parts of early Future World, the technology on display in this attraction is still futuristic. My love for the ride is nostalgic, but that doesn't mean it's dated. I miss this view of the beautiful structure after turning left and heading east. This photo conveys the feeling of excitement of that time, plus some brilliant fashions. The monorail track in front of the pavilion just adds to the cool future of this picture.
I'm a big fan of Test Track and even like the newer version, but I also miss World of Motion. It's a classic Omni-mover ride with crowds of Audio-Animatronics brought together in complex scenes. This picture clicks with me because of the way the pavilion intermingles with the trees and other scenery. This isn't a cold look at the future; it's an attractive mix of grandeur and beauty! The opening ramp of the ride provided a wonderful look at Spaceship Earth before you entered the pavilion. It was a cool way to connect Future World as a singular entity, not just a bunch of large buildings dropped next to each other in random order.
Weird Events and Anniversary Celebrations
There was a stretch of time in the mid-'80s where it felt like Disney was celebrating a special anniversary almost every year. We visited Disneyland (my one childhood trip there) in 1985 during the park's 30th birthday and then returned to Florida for that resort's 15th in 1986. We didn't win any prizes at the gate in either case, but Disney went all out to offer special perks for guests. EPCOT Center was still quite popular during that time, and it was a blast to return there for a second trip. What's striking about this cake is how cheap it looks. Disney just added in a small photo spot in front of Spaceship Earth to note the important time for the resort.
Nancy Kerrigan became a star at the 1994 Winter Olympics and was part of one of the sport's biggest controversies with Tonya Harding. Later that year, my parents decided to take a last-minute vacation to Disney World in December. I was a freshman in college and joined them for the brief trip during my winter break. It was my only vacation to the resort during the holidays, so it was nice change. It also included a truly odd moment at the Studios with Kerrigan as the special guest. She skated on a miniature ice rink and then did a painful interview with some random kids. To an 18-year-old, this was pure torture. When people think of the cheesiest aspects of the Disney parks, I suspect this ridiculous scene would fit that model.
The Disney Decade
Some of my favorite Disney World vacations were in the late '80s and early '90s. I was old enough to appreciate the attractions at EPCOT Center and Disney's Hollywood Studios, which opened in 1989. Michael Eisner was pushing a massive expansion at the resort, and we saw impressive new attractions opening like Splash Mountain, Star Tours, and the Tower of Terror. I suspect that many Disney bloggers and podcasters became fans during this era. The thrill rides were a definite draw to me as I entered high school and kept it fresh with each new trip.
Another interesting change in the '90s was the 1994 arrival of New Tomorrowland. This was always my favorite land in The Magic Kingdom, and the additions of The Timekeeper and ExtraTERRRORestrial Alien Encounter were fun. The movement away from the colder future of the previous version was a little jarring, but it still offered a great time. We also saw the most recent change to the Carousel of Progress. The show has had a few minor edits, but the last scene is largely the same today. The comments on “laser discs” and sample virtual reality games were actually okay in 1994. I still like Tomorrowland a lot, but the 1994 version was even better than today's.
Setting the Mold
Family vacations to Disney World are a main reason why I'm still writing about them today. If we'd just visited a few times, it likely would not have made the same impression. There was also something in me (“the Disney gene”) that made the parks connect differently than with my brother and sister. This was especially true with EPCOT Center, which still mesmerizes me to this day. The above photo is just a blurry look of a ride on Splash Mountain during our 1994 holiday trip. Most of my pictures from that time are the usual long shots of popular attractions, so this is actually a fairly rare photo. I plan to dig out quite a few more old photos down the road. Those images remind me of the experiences that still connect with me after more than 20 years. I'm now taking my girls to the parks in a similar way, and it's a cool reminder of why the parks remain so important to us.
Stay updated on all the latest blogs and podcasts; join The Tomorrow Society today!
The Copeland by-election has been won by the Conservative party, beating Labour by over 2,100 votes.
The Conservative's Trudy Harrison took 13,748. Labour took 11,601 votes.
Other parties included the Liberal Democrats on 2,252, and UKIP on 2,025.
The race in the Cumbria seat was called after Labour MP and prominent critic of far-left Labour Jeremy Corbyn Jamie Reed resigned his seat in order to pursue a new career in the nuclear industry.
Thousands of people in the area are employed in the nuclear industry, and Mr. Corbyn has a long record of campaigning against nuclear power.
A strong 62 per cent of the constituency also voted to leave the European Union (EU) in last year's Brexit referendum.
Labour has held the Copeland seat since its inception, but their share of the vote has fallen in every election since it achieved 58.2 per cent of the vote in 1997 with Tony Blair as party leader.
They won 42.3 per cent of votes in the 2015 General Election with Jamie Reed as their candidate, 6.5 percentage points above the Tories' share of 35.8 per cent.
However, with Labour divided over Mr. Corbyn's leadership and Brexit, the bookies strongly suggesting it would fall to the Conservatives this time.
The Tories were confident of victory from the beginning, with Theresa May making a high-profile visit to the constituency earlier this month.
Their victory makes them the first sitting Government to take a seat off the opposition in a by-election since 1982.
Other key issues in the largely rural constituency include healthcare, transport and infrastructure.
The victory for the Conservative is likely to reignite calls for Mr. Corbyn to stand down as Labour leader, possibly triggering a third leadership challenge for the party.
Experience Design at Coldplay
Siddhartha Bhagwan Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 15, 2017
I recently had the chance of watching Coldplay perform live in concert as a part of their A Head Full of Dreams tour at the FedExField in Maryland, USA.
Coldplay is known to give the attendees Xylobands, which is essentially a wristband containing lights that can be controlled by a software program, instructing it to light up or blink, for example. As per Wikipedia, “The first use of Xylobands on a large scale was on Coldplay's 2012 Mylo Xyloto tour”. Needless to say, the Xyloband works wonders in a concert setting.
As a student of HCI, I wondered what effect did a simple multicolored band have on thousands gathered and why so? As it turns out, a Xyloband is an ingenious way of engaging the crowd at a concert for several reasons. Lets begin with a quick insight into the dynamics of a concert.
Despite the long queues and outrageous ticket, food and merchandise prices, live performances have a way of connecting with you that recorded albums simply do not. One leaves a concert with a personal touch, as if the artist was there with the sole intention of performing just for you. The feel good factor is compelling enough to make you want to leave the comfort of your home to witness the live rendition of your favorite song.
Enter the Xyloband.
Unobtrusively engaging: One would think that a band changing colors on your wrist would constantly or at least frequently have your attention and be a distraction. On the contrary, I barely looked at the band a couple of times during the 2 hour long performance and was yet constantly aware of its state. It is indeed a beautiful sight, seeing your band light up on the wrist of thousands of others and looking upon the crowd only to see yourself. Feeling connected: Seeing an ocean of synced lights all around you is a very non-conspicuous yet brilliant way of not only acknowledging the masses around you but also invoking a feeling of one-ness with the crowd while doing so. Additionally, audience encounters a unique feeling of having contributed to the beauty of it. Focus: The bands glowed in a multitude of manners. Sometimes the colors gradually changed from yellow to magenta and other times it just flashed myriad colors randomly. A slow song like ‘Everglow' had steady lights and something upbeat like ‘Something just like this' had the lights flashing. At times the bands stopped glowing, which was the subtlest way of making the audience focus at the only source of light — the stage — where the fireworks went off. Surely, one wouldn't have missed the fireworks if the bands kept glowing — nonetheless, it is an ever so gentle way of saying, ‘oh, look at the stage, something's about to happen'.
While the presence of the Xyloband manages to elevate the vibe to another level, its absence in no way diminishes the spirit of the concert. Which then brings us to - so why do it then and what is in it for the band?
Concert settings from the perspective of the artist are perhaps not as obvious. Keep in mind that the band has to entertain thousands of fans while having to repeatedly perform a similar setlist (this tour consists of 123 shows across 5 continents over ~20 months). This can get challenging over time considering that the physical access to the audience is extremely limited and after a few hundred feet, the audience appears pretty much as a blurry mass. The harsh stage lighting itself designed to showcase the artist and interaction with the audience is often limited to one way conversations that are usually met with cheers and screams.
Refreshingly, the Xylobands become a medium to enable two way engagement. The audience is now visually accessible to the band regardless of where they might be seated, which is a massive upgrade from the occasional lighting on the audience that the artist gets and limited visibility of those seated away. During the gig, Chris Martin actually took the time and pointed out to the far flung corners of the stadium telling each section how much their presence meant to Coldplay.
As we were leaving the venue, there was an option to return the bands (for those interested, a preliminary Google search shows the price of a Xyloband to be well under $10 USD). While some might have kept it as a memento of the evening, there was little meaning in keeping it for any other reason;
From a marketing point of view, how can this experience be enhanced even further?
As of now, the Xylobands are operated externally with a maximum distance of roughly 300 meters. While the Xylobands do make more sense in a particular kind of setting with at least a few dozen people, it would be amazing if they could operate independently. For instance, what could be more delightful than the Xyloband lighting up every time it detected a Coldplay song in its vicinity! Its novelty still trumps the overpriced, poor quality tees. Add the tour name, venue and date on the strap and maybe a unique colored band and the Xylobands are now collectibles!
If for nothing else, Coldplay deserves appreciation for such a simple, financially viable and visually stunning means of engaging their fans.
And of course, the million dollar question - Was the band flashing yellow during the song Yellow?
The Ebola virus has been headline news in America as of late. While it is a dangerous disease that Washington needs to take seriously, America could face even an even greater medical threat in the future: the threat of bioterrorism.
According to a recent article by Matt Mayer, chief operating officer of the Liberty Foundation of America and former Department of Homeland Security official, the U.S. has been fortunate no successful bioterrorist attacks have occurred on U.S. soil.
But terrorists' inability to successfully attack to U.S. is not due to their lack of trying. Mayer mentions a laptop that was found in a raid in the Middle East several months ago, containing details on the use of biological weapons.
“Despite spending billions in the interim, the federal government and our health-care system remain unprepared,” writes Mayer. A successful bioterrorist attack could do more damage to the American populace than a virus that requires a lot of work to treat the infected and and to protect those with whom they have come into contact.
The threat of a bioterrorism attack is not a new concern for America – it was a high priority on past and present administrations' to-do lists. Jim Carafano, vice president for the Kathryn and Shelby Cullom Davis Institute for National Security and Foreign Policy at The Heritage Foundation, has previously mentioned the need for the administration to focus more assistance on establishing a “national bioterrorism watch system” and ensure the [U.S. military's] Northern Command is fully prepared for any such events.
The Heritage Foundation will host an event that provides more information on the Ebola virus on Monday, Oct. 17 entitled Ebola: U.S. Domestic and Foreign Policy Options.
Image copyright EPA Image caption Billboards are competing for attention as elections approach in the Dominican Republic
With more than 4,300 seats up for election, local media have called 15 May "the most complex" election day in the history of the Dominican Republic.
Dominicans will elect a president, a vice-president, members of both chambers of Congress and municipal councillors - all on the same day.
The last time such a large number of posts was up for election was in 1994.
The elections feature the country's first female presidential candidates and the possibility of President Danilo Medina's re-election.
There are also questions over the vote-counting system.
Re-election
Because of a constitutional change approved in June 2015, President Danilo Medina has been allowed to seek a second consecutive term.
Image copyright EPA Image caption Polls suggest incumbent President Danilo Medina is the front-runner
Mr Medina is presently the front-runner among the eight candidates standing for president with more than 65% of voters saying they intend to vote for him, according to a recent poll by Gallup-Hoy.
The same poll also indicated that 70% believed Mr Medina had greater leadership capabilities than the other candidates.
The polls suggest Mr Medina could become the first candidate to get the 50% of the votes needed to win outright in the first round, eliminating the need for a second round.
The two-round system was introduced by constitutional reform in 1994.
Relations with Haiti
Although Mr Medina currently enjoys a high level of popularity in the country, his foreign policies with regard to neighbouring Haiti have been widely criticised by his rivals.
Image copyright EPA Image caption Mr Medina's main challenger, Pelegrin Castillo, wants to build a wall on the border with Haiti
Image copyright EPA Image caption Luis Abinader (R), seen here with former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani, favours free trade with Haiti
Tense relations with Haiti have been a key topic in the campaign.
Large numbers of Haitians have migrated - many of them illegally - to the Dominican Republic, to escape the poverty and lack of employment in their homeland in recent decades.
The presidential candidate for the National Progressive Force (FNP) and the Sovereign Front, Pelegrin Castillo, has proposed building a wall at the border.
He says he wants to send a message to the world that the Dominican Republic cannot be the solution to Haiti's problems.
In contrast, Mr Medina's main rival, opposition leader Luis Abinader, said he would be interested in a free-trade agreement with Haiti, as well as the implementation of an immigration law.
He also wants to strengthen the country's border security agency, Cesfront,
First female presidential candidates
Out of the 56 candidates who have run for the Dominican presidency since 1962, all have been men.
But in Sunday's election, two women will be running for the top job: Soraya Aquino and Minou Tavarez Mirabal.
Image copyright EPA / Getty Images Image caption Ms Aquino (L) and Ms Tavarez differ on issues such as drug legalisation, abortion and LGBT rights
The two have diametrically opposed views on some key issues.
Conservative candidate Ms Aquino has vociferously opposed to same-sex marriage.
"While I am still able to breathe and while I have a voice, that [same-sex marriage] will not be accepted. We have these people, but we will block their inclusion," she said.
In contrast, Ms Tavarez has spoken out in favour of LGBT rights. She also backs the legalisation of marijuana and is pro-choice on abortion.
Many Christian groups in the country have campaigned against her because of her positions on these issues.
Concerns about the count
Given the large number of seats being contested, there have been concerns about the vote count.
Image copyright EPA Image caption The Central Electoral Board has been urged to count the votes by hand
Presidential candidate Guillermo Moreno, who is standing for the Country Alliance (Alianza Pais) and the Modern Revolutionary Party (PRM), has asked the Central Electoral Board to count the votes by hand.
He said he had doubts about the electronic voting system, which will not be audited by the regional body, the Organization of American States, because of a lack of funds.
BBC Monitoring reports and analyses news from TV, radio, web and print media around the world. You can follow BBC Monitoring on Twitter and Facebook.
A department caseworker sent a spreadsheet to a Melbourne foster carer showing details of multiple expenses that had been claimed for children in out-of-home care. It identified more than 30 vulnerable children. The document names all the children, some who are siblings, and has an itemised description of the claims, which include DNA testing, psychological assessments and medical appointments. It also lists their Client Relationship Information System numbers, the workers involved in the case and the names of the organisations providing services, such as child care agencies. A basic internet search of the children's names returns information about their primary schools, sports clubs and extracurricular activities. "I was horrified," the foster carer said on Tuesday. "It's just complete stupidity. I couldn't believe they just sent me all this information. It's quite private and I'm quite sure that the families and the children wouldn't want other people knowing this stuff."
In July last year, Families and Children Minister Jenny Mikakos ordered an internal review of the child protection system to identify whether there were systemic problems with its handling of confidential information. Released in September, the review found the agency's breaches put traumatised children and carers "at direct risk of harm" at least 58 times in the past five years. The report, which traced breaches to every DHHS division in Victoria, said the real number of families put at risk was likely to be higher. "In a small number of instances there was a risk of severe and potentially catastrophic impact, e.g. serious injury of a carer or child," reviewer John Leatherland wrote. In the worst cases a foster parent was assaulted, primary school children were relocated, and a carer's car was doused in petrol. In all but one breach that was examined, human error was blamed. At the time, Ms Mikakos said the safety of carers and children was paramount and the department pledged to implement all the recommendations from the report, which centred around staff training and improving internal systems.
But sources say this latest privacy breach shows the problems have not been addressed and stem from social workers being overworked. A DHHS spokesman said it was developing a new information system to track and report privacy breaches. "Any claim of a privacy breach is taken very seriously," he said. "In response to a recent independent review, we're developing a training strategy for all employees to meet the specific needs of child protection, housing workers and others." Privacy and Data Protection Commissioner David Watts launched an investigation into the department six months ago and is expected to release his findings in the coming days.
We're absolutely chuffed to learn that the Shortwave Radio Audio Archive (SRAA) has made the pages of the October 2015 issue of the British alt music magazine, The Wire. Following are two excerpts from the brief but powerful column by Richard Thomas:
The Wire October 2015 (Issue 380) Page 17
Thomas continues in this vein, his descriptions of the varied content inviting readers to immerse themselves in the SRAA's static-infused depths.
Finally, Thomas concludes by describing in terms no less than lyrical exactly why he responds–as so many do, myself included–to the recordings found in the archive:
The Wire October 2015 (Issue 380) Page 17
Wow…what a testament to the power of sound. Thanks, Richard and The Wire–we're humbly grateful that someone shares our passion for this growing project.
And if you haven't checked out the SRAA yet, take some time to do so; you won't regret it. Contributions are welcome.
Related
Gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender adolescents who come out at school have higher self-esteem and lower levels of depression as young adults, compared to LGBT youth who don't disclose their sexual orientation or gender identity at school, according to a new study led by University of Arizona researcher Stephen Russell.
Published in the American Journal of Orthopsychiatry, it is the first-known study to document the benefits of being out during adolescence, despite the fact that teens may experience bullying when they openly identify as LGBT.
Researchers examined data from the Family Acceptance Project, a research, intervention, education and policy initiative at San Francisco State University designed to prevent risk and promote well-being of LGBT children and adolescents.
They found in the project's survey of 245 non-Latino white and Latino LGBT young adults, ages 21 to 25, that respondents experienced victimization and bullying in high school because of their LGBT identity, whether they came out or not.
However, those who were open about their sexual orientation or gender identity in high school reported higher self-esteem and life satisfaction as young adults than those who did not disclose, or who tried to conceal, their sexual orientation or gender identity from others at school. Those who came out at school also reported lower levels of depression as young adults. The results were the same across genders and ethnicities.
The findings are significant as youth are coming out at younger ages, Russell said. LGBT adolescents often are counseled by adults not to disclose their sexual orientation and gender identity in an attempt to protect them from harm, he said. But the new research suggests that may not be the best advice.
"Until now, a key question about balancing the need to protect LGBT youth from harm while promoting their well-being has not been addressed: Do the benefits of coming out at school outweigh the increased risk of victimization? Our study points to the positive role of coming out for youth and young adult well-being," said Russell, director of the Frances McClelland Institute for Children, Youth and Families in the UA's John and Doris Norton School of Family and Consumer Sciences.
Caitlin Ryan, director of the Family Acceptance Project and study co-author, said the finding has important implications for how adults and caregivers support LGBT youth.
"We know from our other studies that requiring LGBT adolescents to keep their LGBT identities secret or not to talk about them is associated with depression, suicidal behavior, illegal drug use and risk for HIV. And helping them learn about and disclose their LGBT identity to others helps protect against risk and helps promote self-esteem and overall health," Ryan said. "This study underscores the critical role of school environment in influencing LGBT students' risk and well-being into young adulthood."
Russell, a UA Distinguished Professor of Family Studies and Human Development, was inspired to conduct the study after being asked to provide an expert opinion for a suit filed by the American Civil Liberties Union.
The ACLU sued Okeechobee High School in Florida after the school denied students the right to start a gay-straight alliance on campus. School officials had argued that allowing the club would be disruptive and potentially harmful to students.
The case was settled before going to trial, with the ACLU prevailing. But when ACLU attorneys asked Russell if he could say with absolute certainty that it is better for gay adolescents to come out at school than not, he realized the problematic lack of research on the subject.
Russell said the new findings, showing that being out at school contributes to well-being later on, will be important for educating parents, school officials and others about how to provide the best support and guidance for LGBT students.
"The thing that's encouraging is that we've found being out is good for you," said Russell, who also is the Fitch Nesbitt Endowed Chair in the Norton School, part of the UA College of Agriculture and Life Sciences.
"This is clearly aligned with everything we know about identity. Being able to be who we are is crucial to mental health."
• Mourinho to explore options if no Louis van Gaal decision by close season • Wins in FA Cup at Shrewsbury and in Europa League would aid Van Gaal
José Mourinho is prepared to wait until the close season to become the Manchester United manager but if the position is not offered then, he will explore other options because he has no wish to be left in limbo all summer.
As Louis van Gaal prepares to take United to Shrewsbury Town for Monday night's FA Cup tie, his position continues to be precarious. The 2-1 defeat at Midtjylland in the Europa League last-32 opening leg, following the 2-1 Premier League reverse at relegation-threatened Sunderland, has heightened the pressure on the manager.
Louis van Gaal: Shrewsbury may not be afraid of Manchester United Read more
Although there has been no firm contact between United and Mourinho regarding the job, the former Chelsea manager remains open to succeeding Van Gaal. Ed Woodward, the executive vice-chairman, continues to monitor the position of his manager but is reluctant to sack him. Mourinho is aware of this but is also mindful he cannot wait indefinitely to be formally approached by the club.
After Shrewsbury, United face Midtjylland in Thursday's return leg at Old Trafford, requiring only a 1-0 victory to progress on the away goals rule. If Van Gaal is still in place for the tie, and United do progress, it would constitute a surprise if the 64-year-old was not in charge for Sunday's visit of Arsenal to Old Trafford.
This pattern of Van Gaal remaining in his job on a tenuous basis may continue until the end of the season, when he could be removed or be minded to resign. Mourinho has no guarantee that even if a vacancy occurs he will be the preferred candidate. Appointing Ryan Giggs, Van Gaal's No2, may be another option, although whether Woodward would be prepared to take a gamble on the inexperienced Welshman is unclear.
With the season entering its closing phase, Woodward is under pressure to make a firm decision regarding who is to take charge of the club. If he does not act quickly enough he faces the prospect of losing Mourinho, whose track record suggests he is a manager who can make United serious title challengers once more.
The low morale at the club is reflected in Van Gaal admitting teams may no longer fear facing United and he faces a challenge to raise his players' battered confidence to ensure they are not beaten at Shrewsbury.
Should Micky Mellon's side, who are 21st in League One, knock out United, Van Gaal's position may become untenable. Yet, given he could have been sacked after the Boxing Day defeat at Stoke City or then the defeat by Southampton a month later, there is no guarantee Van Gaal's tenure would be ended.
April 3, 2016, will forever be a historic day for Latter-day Saints in Italy.
For the first time, one of their own — a “paesano” — was called to be a General Authority.
While Elder Massimo De Feo's recent assignment as a General Authority Seventy signaled a key moment in Church history, his own introduction to the Church was far more commonplace. Young Massimo — then a 9-year-old living in Taranto, Italy — learned of the restored gospel when two missionaries knocked on the door of his home.
His parents, Vittorio and Velia De Feo, were not interested in the elders' message, but they allowed their two young sons, Alberto and Massimo, to listen.
“Our parents never accepted the gospel, but they felt it was good and they felt good about their two children growing up in the gospel with good principles,” Elder De Feo told the Church News.
The 55-year-old convert acknowledged it was sometimes a challenge not to have parents involved in the church he and his brother quickly came to love. But he remains grateful for their support.
“They saw the fruits of our decision,” he said. “They saw we were good kids who wanted to do good things.”
Alberto and Massimo's beliefs were challenged outside the home. They were the only members in their school in a community with deep Catholic roots and centuries-old traditions. The brothers made it a point to avoid contention and looked for opportunities to explain the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints with others.
“It wasn't always easy,” remembered Elder De Feo. “We had our ups and downs as teenagers.”
The new General Authority said he found strength through Albert.
“My brother has always been my greatest example. His testimony helped me stay strong and remain in the gospel.”
Although the Church in Taranto was small in number, it was strong in spirit and support. Loving branch presidents, primary teachers and, later, Aaronic Priesthood advisors always made him feel he belonged.
“I found the right people at the right time; the Lord has always protected me.”
As Massimo matured through his Primary and Mutual years he became friends with several Latter-day Saint youth. “We spent most of our time at Church. There was something happening almost every day after school.”
Counted among his Mutual pals was Loredana Galeandro, a fellow convert. She was baptized at 14 following a long period of personal prayer and study. Once converted, she said, “my greatest desire was to serve the Lord.”
Whenever she attended Sabbath meetings, she noticed the couples who were raising their children in the Church. She wanted the same.
“I had a desire to have an eternal family,” she said. “I made a decision that I would only marry a man who loved the Lord and wanted to serve Him.”
Massimo's and Loredana's friendship deepened as they served in the branch and enjoyed Mutual activities together. But when Massimo graduated from high school he knew he belonged on a full-time mission.
Elder De Feo said he learned key lessons of sacrifice and love from his father, Vittorio De Feo, as he prepared for his mission call. The De Feo family had few financial resources, and, again, neither Vittorio nor his wife, Velia, were members. But the elder De Feo knew his son wanted to share the message of the gospel.
“My father asked me, ‘Do you really want to do this?' ” said Elder De Feo. “I said, ‘Yes, with all my heart I want to serve the Lord.' ”
Vittorio promised to do all he could to help cover the cost of two years of missionary service. A short time later, in 1981, Massimo left for the Italy Rome Mission.
“I considered that money to be sacred — it was the fruit of great sacrifice from a man who did not believe in the Church,” said Elder De Feo with misty eyes. “So I served my mission with all my mind, heart and strength because I loved the Lord and I loved my father.”
His mission would double as a classroom, teaching lessons that serve him well to this day:
Hard work. Dedication. Focus. Reliance on the Lord.
“And always be willing to sacrifice,” he said.
Loredana wrote her friend throughout his mission. When he returned to Taranto they began dating and married in the Bern Switzerland Temple in August of 1984. Elder and Sister De Feo are the parents of three children.
The recently called Seventy has been able to trace the Lord's hand throughout his life. A district president he met on his mission later recommended him for a job at the American embassy in Rome. He worked in international relations for more than 30 years prior to his most recent Church calling.
His professional duties put him in a position to help the Church grow in Italy. He presided over the Rome Italy Stake when ground was broken for the construction of his country's first temple, the Rome Italy Temple. He would later serve as an Area Seventy.
“This is the best time ever for the Church in Italy,” he observed. “There are 10 stakes. Thirty years ago, there were only branches. It's amazing to see the growth. We've all grown with the Church.”
Elder and Sister De Feo say they've experienced a plethora of emotions since his call as a General Authority Seventy.
“It sometimes feels like we are in the eye of the storm, but there is calm all around us,” said Sister De Feo. “We have complete trust in the Lord.”
The calling as a General Authority Seventy “is all new.... We're still adjusting,” said Elder De Feo. “But we know we are not alone. We are relying on the Lord.”
Elder Massimo De Feo
Family: Born Dec. 14, 1960, in Taranto, Italy, to Vittorio and Velia De Feo. Married Loredana Galeandro on August 14, 1984, in the Bern Switzerland Temple. Three children.
Education: Diploma in sciences from the Moscati State Scientific School of Taranto, 1979.
Employment: Thirty-two year career in international relations at United States embassies in Rome and Paris. Deputy regional federal benefits officer of the Social Security Administration for the Europe South, North Africa and Middle East Areas.
Church service: Full-time missionary, Rome Italy Mission, 1981-1983. Branch president, district president, counselor in bishopric, high councilor, stake president and Area Seventy.
[email protected] @JNSwensen
One day in late 1959 or 1960 -- dates aren't totally clear in declassified documents -- a crack team of four CIA agents worked through the night in stocking feet taking apart a kidnapped Soviet Lunik spacecraft without removing it from its crate. They photographed every part and documented every construction element, then perfectly reassembled the whole thing without leaving a trace. It was a daring bit of espionage at the early years of the space race. Intended to level the playing field between two international superpowers, it was a heist that risked turning the cold war hot.
Luna 1 The Soviet Luna 1 ended up in orbit around the Sun. via NASA
On January 2, 1959, the Soviet Union kicked off its Luna program, sometimes called Lunik by the Western media, with the launch of Luna 1. This first spacecraft missed the Moon, but the next hit the target and became the first spacecraft to impact the lunar surface in September of that year. A month later on October 7, Luna 3 returned history's first ever pictures of the Moon's farside. It was a stunning year for the Soviets on the Moon, one in which the United States only racked up a handful of failed lunar missions. The effect, aside from a blow to national morale, was a devastating effect on the American psyche. However exciting these missions were to space fans, they brought with them the terrifying reality that the enemy had bigger boosters and more advanced technology. The disparity between American technology and the perceived Soviet power led to an intelligence program run by the CIA. By studying Soviet spacecraft and space missions, the agency hoped to not only anticipate launches and their impact on the public but also to adjust American launch schedules to better keep pace with the enemy. Even educated guesses about Soviets plans would help the United States know where to concentrate its efforts to hopefully overtake the Soviet Union in space. It would be useful for the US armed forces to have a handle on Soviet hardware to know what might give way to an offensive military spinoff. And this intelligence would also help American leaders be better prepared to respond to a new Soviet threat should one arise. This intelligence effort focused on what was available from afar. Namely electronic intelligence, tracking the telemetry and intercepting data downlinks to gain a complete understanding of Soviet missions. But this was not without its challenges. US agents had to anticipate launches to be ready on time, and they were then forced to sift through telemetry without knowing the values of data assigned to channels or baseline measurements. Post-flight analysis was another important element of this intelligence program. Taking as complete a data set as possible about the spacecraft's peak altitude, target body, and rocket stage landing site at the end of mission to extrapolate data about the size and power of the boosters launching these space missions. But all this was only part of the puzzle, and because each mission was different, each was like a “fresh flare in the sky” that demanded a new and often imaginative effort to learn what was really going on. And nothing was a more daring or imaginative intelligence effort than the decision to kidnap a Lunik upper stage to really understand this spacecraft.
The Moon from Luna 3 NASA/Soviet space agency
Sometime between the end of 1959 and 1960, the Soviet Union toured several countries with an exhibit of its industrial and economic achievements. Among the artifacts were a Sputnik and a Lunik upper stage that contained the payload, the latter freshly painted with viewing windows cut into the nose. At first blush, many in the CIA assumed the touring Lunik was just a model, but some analysts suspected that the Soviets might be sufficiently proud of the spacecraft to bring a real one on the tour. These suspicions were confirmed when CIA intelligence agents managed to gain unrestricted access to the spacecraft one night after the exhibit closed. They realised it wasn't a model. It was a real production article. The agents gleaned what they could in 24 hours but desperately wanted a better look. They wanted to get inside the Lunik. This was easier said than done. The Lunik was heavily guarded, usually with a constant garrison so examining it before or after the exhibit closed was ruled out. But the Lunik did move around, which meant that it could be "borrowed" during the transport chain if there was a weak link. And there was. The spacecraft, as well as every other piece of the exhibit, was transported in a crate by a truck to a rail yard where it was loaded onto a train and moved to the next city. At the rail yard, a guard took note of each incoming crate. What this guard didn't have was a list of cargo and and expected delivery time for each crate. The CIA hatched a plan to steal the Lunik for a night and get it to the train station by morning for its journey to the next city. Finally the night came when the team of CIA agents put their plan into action. They arranged for the Lunik to be the last truckload carried out of the exhibit hall. It did, and trailing it were the CIA agents in plainclothes, disguised as locals looking out for an expected Soviet escort. But more Soviet guards never materialised. With the coast clear, the CIA stopped the truck at the last turn off before the train station, escorted the driver to a hotel, covered the truck with a tarp, then drove it to a nearby salvage yard that was selected for the night because of its surrounding ten-foot tall walls.
Lunik schematic A drawing of Lunik's internal arrangement from a CIA report in 1961. CIA
A public school in California had law enforcement officials escort an African-American student from his high school graduation ceremony for wearing a traditional African garment mean for special occasions, KGO-TV reported.
Nyree Holmes, draped the scarf-like kente cloth around his neck over his graduation gown during Friday's ceremony, and was told to remove it by school officials. The graduation dress code calls for only the cap, gown, and awards.
The kente cloth is a tradition from Holmes's home country of Ghana. According to Holmes's Twitter account, he wore the cloth to represent his “blackness.”
@nyreehesr so I wore this thing called a kente cloth (cultural cloth from Ghana) around my neck. That represents my, pic.twitter.com/6SG8NSnBFh — Nyree Holmes (@nyreehesr) May 25, 2016
Holmes said that a school official approached him while he was in line for graduation, and asked him to give the cloth to him, but Holmes refused. The official then said Holmes wouldn't be able to walk in the ceremony with it on. Holmes insisted, saying it was a cultural item, and proceeded to walk in the ceremony and shake hands with the principal. When he walked off the stage, however, three sheriff deputies were waiting for him and escorted him out of the ceremony before he could claim his diploma.
After being held by the deputies, Holmes wrote, he was eventually able to go back inside through the exit with a security guard to get his diploma.
The school is reportedly reevaluating their dress code after this incident. A school district representative told KGO-TV, regarding the use of law enforcement, “Things could have been handled differently, if we had perhaps more personnel.” Despite the use of deputies, there are no charges facing Holmes.
Danny Amendola was flagged for a personal foul midway through the second quarter of Saturday's divisional playoff for an illegal, helmet-to-helmet hit. It will get a little publicity, but not nearly as much as last week's Cincinnati Bengals' dirtiness, even though Amendola's knock was every bit as dirty as Vontaze Burfict's hit from the wild-card round that got him suspended for the first three weeks of the 2016 season.
The hit occurred as Kansas City's Jamell Fleming was trying to down a Dustin Colquitt punt inside the five-yard line. Amendola, who was back deep to return the punt but stepped up to let it bounce, turned around, saw Fleming trying to down the ball and, in an attempt to prevent him from doing so, took a running start before launching himself into Fleming's helmet.
Danny Amendola personal foul on this hit. pic.twitter.com/Oa6yMW5jQ4 — MarcusD (@_MarcusD_) January 16, 2016
The hit was equally dirty as Burfict's, but we won't hear about it for these four reasons.
1. Burfict's wasn't just dirty, it was stupid, as it helped turn an almost-certain Bengals win into a loss because it started a process that led to 30 yards of penalties with 22 seconds remaining while Pittsburgh was driving for the game-winning score. Amendola's took place in the second quarter of the game and was essentially a one-and-a-half-yard penalty, as the ball would have been on the four, so the penalty was assessed as half the distance to the goal line.
2. Fleming appeared to be okay as he walked off the field, while Antonio Brown suffered a concussion and will miss Sunday's playoff game against the Denver Broncos.
3. The Patriots are not perceived as dirty — on the field, at least.
4. Amendola won't get suspended even though he should. I mean, Burfict's hit was more high profile and was the culmination of 60 minutes of football chaos, impotently officiated by refs who could never gain control. He didn't lower his shoulder like Amendola did, but he still launched with his helmet and got opponent helmet. A three-game suspension would be too much but a one-gamer would be entirely fair.
Aaron Mullett says he is confident of getting back to his dashing best after re-signing with North Melbourne until the end of 2017.
Mullett, 23, was due to come out of contract at the end of this season but signed a new two-year deal with North this week.
The Eastern Ranges product loomed as one of the Roos' brightest prospects when, in his third season, he played every game and finished equal-fourth in the 2012 NAB AFL Rising Star Award.
But the half-back has endured an up-and-down run since.
Last year, he played 17 games but was dropped five times, and missed all three of North's finals.
Then a serious shoulder injury in January sidelined him until May, and he had to play eight-straight VFL games with North Ballarat before earning a senior recall, in round 15 against Geelong.
Mullett's bad luck with injury continued when he was substituted out of North's next match against Essendon with hamstring soreness and he subsequently missed the following round.
However, he returned to the Roos' team last Sunday against Melbourne as the substitute and is determined to finish 2015 strongly.
Mullett told AFL.com.au that as frustrating as the past two years had been, he was confident they would ultimately make him a better footballer.
"I think I've learnt over the past couple of years what makes me a good footballer," Mullett said.
"When I go away from those things, I'm not that great and I can get caught out a bit sometimes.
"It's pretty easy for me. If I defend well, I get the ball back and it's clear that's what I'm in the team for. But if I go away from that, then I won't be in the team – it's that simple."
Although Mullett has not kicked on since his breakthrough 2013 season, he has not completed a full pre-season since then either.
Before the shoulder reconstruction that ruined the second half of his 2015 preparation, he had a delayed start to his 2014 pre-season after undergoing toe surgery.
Mullett is hopeful he will have an interrupted run across the 2015-16 summer.
"I just need to get a lot of work into my body or it doesn't cope well - I come down with a lot of niggles," he said.
"I've had two pre-seasons that were pretty much non-existent and I do really need the work to be able to perform well every week.
"Some people can perform really well off limited pre-seasons but I need to get the work in over a full pre-season.
"Hopefully, this year I can have a really big pre-season and hit next year head on."
Mullett, however, is still very much focused on 2015.
Now he is back in North's senior team, he knows that if he can build some consistent form he could play his first final.
Mullett was overlooked for North's 2012 and 2014 finals campaigns, and does not want to watch from the sidelines again if the Roos make this year's top eight.
"I want to be playing finals footy, that's where you want to play," he said.
"Last year I was emergency and it really hurt. I got to watch the boys and we won a couple of games, which was great, but I wanted to be part of it more than anything.
"We're close to something big here and all the boys know that, we just need to put in the work.
"That's something that I've wanted to be a part of, so it was easy for me to sign on.
"I know a lot of the boys are in the same boat too."
The Report of the Iraq Inquiry by a Committee of Privy Counsellors chaired by Sir John Chilcot HMSO , 12 vols, 6,275 pp., available at London:, 12 vols, 6,275 pp., available at www.iraqinquiry.org.uk/the-report/ Not the Chilcot Report by Peter Oborne Head of Zeus, 179 pp., £10.00 Broken Vows: Tony Blair: The Tragedy of Power by Tom Bower Faber and Faber, updated edition, 673 pp., £9.99 (paper)
How did it happen? By now it is effortless to say that the invasion of Iraq in 2003 by American and British forces was the most disastrous—and disgraceful—such intervention of our time. It's also well-nigh pointless to say so: How many people reading this would disagree? For Americans, Iraq is their worst foreign calamity since Vietnam (although far more citizens of each country were killed than were Americans); for the British, it's the worst at least since Suez sixty years ago this autumn, though really much worse on every score, from political dishonesty to damage to the national interest to sheer human suffering.
Although skeptics wondered how much more the very-long-awaited Report of the Iraq Inquiry by a committee chaired by Sir John Chilcot could tell us when it appeared at last in July, it proves to contain a wealth of evidence and acute criticism, the more weighty for its sober tone and for having the imprimatur of the official government publisher. In all, it is a further and devastating indictment not only of Tony Blair personally but of a whole apparatus of state and government, Cabinet, Parliament, armed forces, and, far from least, intelligence agencies.
Among its conclusions the report says that there was no imminent threat from Saddam Hussein; that the British “chose to join the invasion of Iraq before the peaceful options for disarmament had been exhausted”; that military action “was not a last resort”; that when the United Nations weapons inspector Hans Blix said weeks before the invasion that he “had not found any weapons of mass destruction and the items that were not accounted for might not exist,” Blair wanted Blix “to harden up his findings.”
The report also found that deep sectarian divisions in Iraq “were exacerbated by…de Ba'athification and…demobilisation of the Iraqi army”; that Blair was warned by his diplomats and ministers of the “inadequacy of U.S. plans” for Iraq after the invasion, and of what they saw as his “inability to exert significant influence on U.S. planning”; and that “there was no collective discussion of the decision by senior Ministers,” who were regularly bypassed and ignored by Blair.
And of course claims about Iraqi WMDs were presented by Downing Street in a way that “conveyed certainty without acknowledging the limitations of the intelligence,” which is putting it generously. Chilcot stops short of saying directly that the invasion was illegal or that Blair lied to Parliament, but he is severe on the shameful collusion of the British intelligence agencies, and on the sinister way in which Blair's attorney general changed his opinion about the legality of the…
New research from the University of Oxford has found a way to use gene therapy in order to restore partial vision to those suffering from rare genetic blindness. As of yet, vision was successfully improved for up to four years. This offers promise into the future of curing vision loss on a much wider scale.
During the study, a virus was injected into the eyes of patients with vision problems. The concoction contained healthy genes that work to replace genes that are missing. Individuals with choroideremia have benefitted from up to four years of visual improvement. Professor Robert MacLaren from the Nuffield Department of Clinical Neurosciences says long term efficiency of this gene therapy have been questioned but he says there is now clear-cut evidence that single injections prove to be quite viable.
This latest research is the best evidence thus far linking gene therapy to a single treatment cure for a variety of forms of blindness, such as retinitis pigmentosa which affects people of all ages. In a trial that was funded by the Department of Health and the Wellcome Trust, University of Oxford doctors tracked six patients and their vision changes for four years following their gene therapy. The treatments were created to slow down or completely stop vision degeneration. What was most surprising were the results of two patients who actually showed improvements in their vision without additional treatment. Three of those treated had vision that remained the same, while the final patient experienced very slow vision decline.
The study‘s lead investigator Professor Robert MacLaren says this new technique for vision treatment shows a lot of potential. As genetics are more and more understood, scientists have discovered that the best form of treatment may lie in correcting damaged or altered genes before diseases begin. Gene therapy works by taking harmful properties within a virus and placing their DNA in a cell, replacing the ‘bad' cell with DNA that has been reprogrammed in order to heal or ‘correct' faulty genes. Dr. Stephen Caddick, Director of Innovation at the Wellcome Trust hopes to one day be able to use this new form of treatment to restore sight to those who have inherited blindness. He says we are one step closer to incorporating gene therapy into the routine care provided to sufferers.
The first patient in the world to be treated by gene therapy still has vision problems but has doubled the vision in one of his eyes thanks to the groundbreaking treatment. Jonathan Wyatt is now 68 years old and has had vision problems since he was just 20 years old. Wyatt says he feels honored to work with the John Radcliffe research group and is thankful to be able to be a part of a project that is going to help others. Because of his treatment, he has become more independent and is able to easily leave the house which isn't something he would have been able to do without assistance.
The most recent patient to partake in gene therapy treatment is a 24 year old teacher from Croydon whose name is Joe Pepper. He says he can see much better than before the operation. He says reading is easier than it has ever been and he feels much less stress on his eyes and is now able to see defined outlines rather than a blurry sense of shapes in the distance. Pepper says thanks to the work of MacLaren he has hope for the future of his vision, releasing a stress of blindness he has struggled with for over a decade.
The Efficacy and Mechanism Evaluation Programme is currently funding a follow-up trial which includes 30 patients.
A crowdfunding campaign was launched to help fund a barbershop that caters to the transgender community, a first of its kind in Vancouver.
The GoFundMe page currently has just over $4,500, but that is short of the $15,000 needed to get the project off the ground.
Purely trans spaces are difficult to come by in this city, according to Big Bro's Barbershop founder Jessie Anderson, who also happens to be a transgender man.
“There are no visibly trans friendly spaces in Vancouver,” Anderson told Vancity Buzz. “There are businesses that are inherently trans friendly – The Heartwood Cafe is a good one – but there aren't really any businesses in Vancouver where if you showed up and you were a trans person, there are no places that you could visibly recognize as a safe place to go.”
He said he wants his barbershop to be more than just a place for transmen to get a shave and a haircut – he wants it to be a hub for transmen, transwomen, and anyone who else who identifies as trans.
“I'd really like it to be a sort of general makeover space where trans people can feel really comfortable, because those can be really difficult services to access in such a gendered industry.”
“When I was growing up, I was a young transman, and I wanted short hair, but I would go to typical barbershops or salons, and people would be very reluctant to cut my hair because I was such a pretty girl, so it can be very difficult to go into a cisgendered (a term used for non-trans people) run space and and say ‘hey I want this hairstyle or this look' and face the possibility of rejection.”
At the moment, Anderson runs a barbershop out of his home where he cuts his friend's hair, but the space simply isn't large enough to accommodate a full-fledged barbershop.
He wants to create a place where transgender people feel they can come to escape the hardships of the world, purchase transition related items, and find resources.
“I want to have a community board with events, housing ads, job advertisements, I want to have couches so people feel safe to just hang out in the space, I want to have peer support for someone who is freshly transitioning, or even the parents of a child or a loved one who is transitioning can just come into the shop and have someone they can talk to discuss any of their fears or questions.”
“I'd also love to have lockers for a cheap day rate, because a lot of transgender people end up homeless as well, and I'd like to be their first stop if they've been kicked out of their house, or whatever the case may be.”
After being turned down by an investor for loans because the shop was “too sexually explicit in nature” for carrying items related to gender transition, Anderson is appealing to the public to make his dream become a reality.
“The crowfunding offers more of an opportunity for the people who are sympathetic to the cause to help create it. The people who I have access to who are supportive might not have $20,000 in their back pocket to give me, but they can give me $10.”
And with your donation, you can pre-purchase store credit for yourself, or donate it to the community credit fund so people who can't afford haircuts can come in and use the shop's services.
To donate to Big Bro's Barbershop, click here.
San Francisco, home of the tech startup, is trying to show its tech credentials by becoming the first city to use open source software for elections.
The proposal to adopt a solution in time for the end of the current contract on January 1, 2017 reappeared at the Board of Supervisors on Tuesday when Supervisor Scott Wiener called for a hearing on how the city is progressing with the plan to use standard hardware and open-source software to carry out future balloting.
The hope is for the city to develop balloting systems that can compete on reliability and security in time for the November 2019 elections.
That plan has been a long time in the making. Back in 2013, a bill was passed by the California Senate and signed by the governor, allowing cities to use public funds to "research and develop a non-proprietary voting system."
Currently, a long-standing contract with Dominion, formerly Sequoia Voting Systems, has seen the city spend just under $20m in nine years, including $6.5m on hardware alone – something that advocates for change say can be drastically reduced by using open-source software and off-the-shelf components.
The Senate bill followed more than six years of efforts by San Francisco residents to move to an open-source approach after it was revealed the previous system's ancient machines could only read dark colors.
Hanging chads
After the fiasco of the 2000 presidential election (and the famous "hanging chads"), use of the old voting machines was specifically curtailed to maintain election integrity, and the city opened up to a new vendor.
There was no suitable open source election software company back in 2007, however, so the city was forced to settle for a clause that would require Dominion to open source its software within a year of an open source competitor arriving in the market. That seemingly never happened.
At the time, Supervisor Tom Ammiano also recommended that a task force be created to look into whether the city can create and sell its own voting technology.
Fast forward five years, and the San Francisco Voting Systems Task Force (VSTF) produced a report [PDF] that recommended the city move to a new open standard format (the OASIS Election Markup Language (EML)). It also recommended that it become "an active participant in the movement toward more open and transparent voting systems," including giving "strong preference to a voting system licensing structure that gives San Francisco all of the rights provided by a license approved by the Open Source Initiative (OSI), even if the system is maintained by an external party."
Or, in other words, go open source.
Move forward another four years to November 2015, and the San Francisco Elections Commission decided unanimously, 6-0, to "support the development and certification of an open source voting system running on commercial off-the-shelf hardware; and to request that the Mayor and Board of Supervisors initiate and fund a project to develop and certify such a system for use in San Francisco."
It may have taken over a decade, but suddenly there was official enthusiasm for the idea. Says the Commission report: "The development and certification of an open voting system could not only provide San Francisco with an affordable, accurate, flexible, and secure voting system, but could benefit all election jurisdictions across the country by providing them such an option."
It even talks about "copyleft," noting that using open source licenses would "ensure that everyone, including San Francisco, has free access to future changes and improvements to that software."
If you were to quiz the die-hard shoegaze fan about the essentials, chances are he/she will point you toward the "holy triumvirate" — the three albums immortalized in alternative rock lore as the definitive standards of shoegaze music.
All three are equally brilliant in their own right, serving as attainable entry points into the world of swirling, layered guitars powered by a smorgasbord of pedals. Shoegaze music is characteristically famed for its dreamy, hazy qualities but many of these bands who've practiced the art of reverb had a cogent hand at writing powerful rock music.
Counting among the three: the majestic Loveless by My Bloody Valentine, where pop was gleefully buried under sculpted slabs of guitars, the staggeringly ambient Souvlaki by Slowdive, and UK band Ride's Nowhere. This 1990 record specifically stands out for its overtly psychedelic overtones and an urgent melodic assault to the ears — they were just as dreamy, but they were also unafraid to rock.
This fact still stands tall in 2015, with a reunited Ride sounding as impenetrable as ever. While they made some controversial missteps in the later part of their career before breaking up in 1996 — including a confusing turn towards the then-prevalent Britpop with Carnival of Light — Ride in 2015 knows their strength, and they aren't just going through the motions.
"It has helped us all broaden as musicians," says Laurence Colbert aka "Loz", drummer of the Oxford-based band, on their current tour, which hits Asia this month with appearances at Clockenflap in Hong Kong and Neon Lights Festival in Singapore.
Colbert admits that it wasn't easy reuniting the outfit, which remained dormant for 19 years, before they began jamming together again. "It was odd at first, but feeling very easy now," confesses Colbert. "Relearning the songs wasn't instant, but it seems to come back gradually more and more, all the time." And as of now, Colbert can easily count the songs that he enjoys performing live the most — among them 'Kaleidoscope' and 'Dreams Burn Down' from Nowhere, along with 'Time Of Her Time' from Going Blank Again and the classic 'Drive Blind' from their self-titled debut EP.
Their current setlist — a mix of fan-favourites from their first two albums along with some choice cuts from their series of EPs — is already a staggering testament to Ride's influence above the current indie rock climate, and the band has been keeping tabs. "Ringo Deathstarr and Pinkshinyultrablast — wow, names — seem to wear their shoegaze hearts on their sleeves," says Colbert. "I think they're okay."
Ride already began as an amalgamation of their influences, having their sound infamously branded by the merciless media of the 90s as "Byrds meets Sonic Youth". The band actively consumed alternative music of the 80s as they figured out the blueprint of their own sound, before becoming one of alternative rock's most important bands. They share with us the records that helped them get there.
Here are five records influential to Ride.
Daydream Nation | Sonic Youth
This album provided a soundtrack to our youth, and for the early times in getting the band together. It also motivated us to try out new and different things. Their "New York art pop concept" approach somehow resonated with our "North Oxfordshire Technical College experimental band approach" and made us reach for higher things.
Isn't Anything | My Bloody Valentine
This album opened windows for us into a more contemporary use of 60's psychedelic harmonies, effects pedals and a textured approach to guitar sounds. We followed the harmonies more than the haziness, which was taken up more by bands like Slowdive. Great drums too!
Bug | Dinosaur Jr.
More straightforward in its approach, we liked the "rock out!" mentality of this album. There was a directness that resonated with us, and it helped us to come out of ourselves live onstage more as we developed our sound. Some of the influence of this came out in our covers of Stooges tracks such as 'I Wanna Be Your Dog' that we often performed live.
Blue Bell Knoll / Treasure / Heaven or Las Vegas | Cocteau Twins
Cocteau's work seemed to follow us through the years, and we always appreciated what they were up to — from dark moodiness of Treasure to the upbeat and focused, and even more colourful, Heaven or Las Vegas. Those chiming delays never seemed to disappoint!
Serpent's Egg | Dead Can Dance
Everyone had this album — how it influenced us I'm not sure — but we ended up doing a cover version of the song 'Severance', and perhaps it opened us up to broader musical textures and ideas? That's what you could always expect from Dead Can Dance: something different and inspiring every time.
Ride will be performing in Hong Kong and Singapore, at Clockenflap (Nov 27) and Neon Lights Festival (Nov 29) respectively.
Since it launched last year, Heroes of the Storm has become one of the most popular MOBAs in the world.
Its success can be put down, in part, to how the game pulls its playable characters from all four of Blizzard's main franchises. But gameplay is also very different from rivals like League of Legends or Dota 2, with a focus on shared experience points and the complete absence of attainable items.
At last week's Blizzcon 2016, Blizzard showed off two new heroes – Ragnaros and Varian Wrynn – set to be added to the game later this year, as well as hosting an esports championship that saw masses of fans turning out to watch the action.
With Blizzard's MOBA tour-de-force now seemingly unstoppable, we spoke to two key Heroes of the Storm developers about the game – past, present and future. Here's an exclusive Q&A with Senior Game Designer Meng Song and Senior Artist Phill Gonzales.
During my time playing Ragnaros, I found him to be extremely overpowered, without any real downsides. Would you agree?
Phill: It's kind of common. We feel that the new characters, they come in and they're a little overwhelming at times because we haven't played with them before.
In our internal play-tests, we're working on heroes that our going to come out in the spring, and so there are maybe five heroes that the roster is completely unused to, and so we're like ‘what is going on?!'. And so having both Ragnaros and Varian show up is like a little taste of that madness that we experience internally.
And the new characters, it takes a little getting used to sometimes. But the balance designers are always very intent on testing as much as possible, trying to drop a hero into the Nexus at a 50% win-rate. And if that needs some more adjusting, we play close attention. There's simply only so much we can learn from our limited pool of testing. Once it goes out into the community, it is off to the races.
Is there too much warning for the Ragnaros lava wave ultimate?
Meng: During our internal play-test, we got a lot of complaints from testers, because the lava wave deals so much damage. If you can't get out of the way in time, you die. And if a Ragnaros player casts a lava wave with good timing, and they cast the wave before the team fight happens, a lot of people get caught and killed.
We started to feel that it was imbalanced and not fun for the player who got killed by it. So one thing we did is to create a very obvious warning so that everybody knows in advance. Because the fights are so intense, sometimes people get caught up by one thing, and they still ignore the warning. But those moments are fun moments.
Related: Overwatch review
How long does an average hero take to design?
Meng: For one hero, I think on our side, it's about two months. And then adding the art side…
Phill: Probably, when we're all said and done, we're looking at a seven-to-nine-month spin-up time. And this is from the really early stage where we're just talking about it, to having meetings talking about what it's going to look like, sound like. And then that process gets drawn out, as it goes from play-tests to being ready to be able to actually make a 3D model.
And then it's all wrapping-up. We test it super thoroughly because we make a hero and we make a master skin in tandem with that as a progression reward, and we always have a launch skin. And all those are happening simultaneously, being tested, and getting all the promotional stuff spun-up – the videos and the behind-the-scenes looks and stuff like that.
So it's kinda crazy how long it takes. When we did our deep-dive panel, the date on starting Varian's model was in February, which is just insane.
Meng: Ragnaros was even longer.
Phill: Because he's just way more complex. He's almost as much of a special effect as he is a character. So we were doing lots of lava work for a long time.
What was the biggest design challenge for Ragnaros?
Phill: The immersion problem. The feeling of him being a raid boss.
Meng: So for Ragnaros, the design wasn't a straight line like for a lot of other heroes. Because Ragnaros is a boss, right? In WoW, when you do the raid, you see this boss occupy the full screen. It's even bigger than our Core, which is the biggest building in the game.
He has a trait that you can use to take up a building, and at the early stage, you were always the building – you basically replaced the Core. But during our internal play-testing, people were saying: ‘Although I know Ragnaros is over there as the Core, I never got in to activate it, because I never see it. All I see is the front gate over there as the Core.' Only when the player actually pushes to our base do they see the Core. But that's not a fun moment because you are losing.
Phill: When we do heroes, when they're behind the lines, that immersion gets lost really quickly. You just don't have that sense of presence Meng's talking about where you see him, you interact with him, it's actually happening.
That was an early problem we had with Abathur too, until we developed the Symbiote and all that stuff. We iterated quite a bit with Majordomo being out on the map representing Ragnaros. The Son of Flame was there for a while. But it just felt better if it was Ragnaros himself, and then his trait allowed him to become the Molten Core boss we want to fight.
Meng: And the hero designer – I remember, it's Jake – later on tried to solve the problem with the presence of Ragnaros. He came up with an idea to give Ragnaros the ability to teleport onto the battleground. But the problem was that Ragnaros was the Core, so when you teleported, physically you teleported the Core onto the frontline. And then the enemy team was like: ‘Oh, this is a great opportunity. Let's kill the Core.' So it created a lot of chaos. We didn't really have a way to balance it.
And what was the hardest thing about designing Varian?
Phill: Visually, he was pretty straightforward thankfully.
But in terms of game design, because his talents allow him to have three different specifications, the most challenging part was actually the animation budget. In terms of animations, it's really expensive to have Varian switching all that equipment and animating differently when he equips different swords.
But it really pays off. When you make that talent choice, whether it's the Colossus Smash or the Shield Break or the Twin Blades, he holds those weapons differently for each one of those choices, and that's very special. It's really cool.
How do you decide which character to turn into a hero next? Do you choose popular characters, or ones you feel will bring a skill-set you think is missing from the game?
Phill: It's a little bit of everything, right?
Meng: I remember for Varian, we sent out a questionnaire to the team saying: ‘Hey, which hero do you want to see next?' We also get a lot of feedback from the community. We released Tracer and we released Zarya; we released a lot of Overwatch heroes because people were asking: ‘Hey, can we get a hero from Overwatch?' Other than that, I think once we get a small collection, then we'll say: ‘This year, we released Overwatch heroes. Next year, maybe we'll release World of Warcraft [heroes].'
Phill: There's a feeling from the vision holder, the high-end of design, saying we need more assassins, we need more tanks, this is the quota we want to fill to bring up the roster. And on top of that, we wanted to present Starcraft to this capacity, Warcraft to this, Overwatch, Diablo, whatever.
Meng: Sometimes the other factor we consider is that we want this game to be different in this genre. We want the design to be out of the box.
For example, for Varian, we wanted to shake up the design of the draft process. We feel the draft process is a little bit streamlined, and doesn't have a lot of exciting moments. So Varian is designed to say we put in something that you don't know what class it is. Now how will you pick against it? That kind of thought also comes into the decision of which hero to make.
Are you going to release Overwatch heroes faster to bring that IP up to balance with the other games?
Phill: I think based on what's going on internally, we are catching Overwatch up a little bit. And I think that's good. Warcraft is a pretty expansive universe and we've drawn a lot of inspiration from it. And Starcraft, we've hit a lot of the major notes too.
And Diablo and Overwatch are those that are just really rich, they're always wealthy for things we could incorporate into our games.
Especially with Overwatch, we'd love to catch up and have that same presence for the Overwatch players as we have for the other universes. As we'd ideally want to have, at the very least, an Overwatch tank, specialist, assassin, so all those roles are filled. So if you had daily quests like play three games with an Overwatch hero, and a specialist quest, we could have those bases covered. I know Matt [Cooper, Senior Game Designer] was pretty insistent on that with the Starcraft characters a year or two ago.
Related: Overwatch Sombra gameplay
Are there any characters you wanted to bring into Heroes of the Storm that just didn't work out?
Phill: When we developed Artanis, we would have been releasing him before Starcraft: Legacy of the Void came out, which is something we do have a really big concern about. Artanis was majorly developed in the Void, and it would have been us getting the jump on them by releasing Artanis early.
We were talking about Fenix, at the time, who's another really popular Zealot character from StarCraft 1: Brood War. And the big lore hit about Fenix is that Fenix is a really prominent Dragoon, and the lore behind the dragoons is that when a templar falls in battle, if he can be resuscitated, they can put him in this dragoon met and he can fight again. And we said if we do Fenix, people are going to be very adamant that we support that dragoon fantasy. When we were talking about this, Leoric wasn't that old at the time. So that game designers had a real concern that this is another character with a resurrection mechanic.
One of the other prominent versions of that is that we were developing Heroes before Diablo 3 had released. And that's why our version of Diablo is the Diablo 2 one, because we didn't want to spoil the storyline and have the primeval Diablo appearance be released before Diablo 3 ever came out.
One of the big criticisms about the game is that once a team starts snowballing, it can be a little overwhelming compared to other MOBAs. Is that fair?
Meng: I think our game actually has the most comeback mechanics. And I see a lot more comebacks in our game than other games in this genre. I play a lot of other games in this genre as a designer, so I can do the comparison. In other games, a lot of times if you are behind on gold or experience, especially the gold, sometimes you feel like you don't have a chance. You just want to type surrender.
But in this game, even if you are two or three levels behind, you always have a chance. For example, the experience mechanic; if you're behind, you get a lot more experience by doing the same thing compared to the other team. So even if you are ahead of the other team, you have to always be concentrating on the game.
Related: Diablo 4 release date
Have you found keeping the game balanced more or less challenging than you expected?
Meng: It's definitely more challenging. Unlike other games, we have more battlegrounds. We have very outside-of-the-box heroes, like Abathur or Murky. In some other games, if one hero keeps dying like Murky does, and the other team loses, they'll say: ‘That's a feeder'. And I still remember at the beginning of this game, people were saying that Abathur is an AFKer, because she always stays inside the base.
We put a lot of pressure on our balance guys, but our balance guys are really talented. So far, our hero balance in super good. We all love the work they have done.
Vainglory has been hugely successful as a MOBA on mobile devices. Have you considered putting Heroes of the Storm on mobile too?
Phill: I haven't seen that consideration, but there was a very early iteration of the game where someone was playing on an Xbox. I was like: ‘Oh my goodness'. It was actually our executive producer. So I don't know if there are any plans for this bigger features. I've seen it happen and thought it was pretty amazing. But in terms of mobile, I don't know what the plan is.
Related: Diablo 3 Necromancer gameplay
Watch: PS4 Pro review
What do you think of Heroes of the Storm? Let us know in the comments.
