As with most things, there are good and bad aspects of the Tea Party movement. And all the bad ones were on display March 6 in a speech by Ted Cruz to the Conservative Political Action Conference that replayed every silly thing ever said by conservatives and added some riffs of his own.
He began with a mocking refrain about "presidents" Bob Dole, John McCain and Mitt Romney (two of them veterans impaired by their trauma), chiding them for not being his kind of conservative. He also asked if we remembered their reigns.
Well, we do remember, and we remember one more that for some reason is never brought up in this context: the glorious tenure of "President" Barry M. Goldwater, Mr. Conservative, far more in-your-face than Ronald Reagan, who lost by far more than those other worthies. Goldwater lost in one of the great drubbings in history, lost by more than any Republican but Alfred M. Landon, and carried only his home state and five southern states for all the wrong reasons (opposing -- for a fairly innocent reason -- the Civil Rights Act of 1964.)
No one followed the Cruz playbook more than Goldwater, and no one has managed to lose so conclusively. He offered a choice, not an echo, and nobody took it. But how, if Cruz is so right, could this have happened? It can't, which is why it is never brought up in this context. In his world, it doesn't exist.
As the Goldwater debacle has been excised from history, so have the actual reasons why Dole, McCain and Romney all lost. Dole lost because the Bill Clinton he faced in 1996 was not the Clinton of 1993-94, but the Third Way Bill Clinton, who with the help of Dick Morris was triangulating his way between Newt Gingrich and congressional Democrats -- the Bill Clinton who would sign the welfare reform bill and say the era of big government was over and gone.
Under the restraints exercised by the Republican Congress, the economy was beginning to hum, and we were still in our decade-long vacation from history. No incumbent producing peace and prosperity has ever been ousted by the opposition party, and Clinton was no exception. Reagan himself could not have won in these conditions, and he could not have won either were he running to succeed a president of his party when the economy collapsed six weeks before the election. When the markets collapsed, McCain was leading Obama, and his lead had been widening. Luck beat McCain, not ideology, and without this he might well have won.
As for "President" Romney, exit polls showed he carried the electorate on critical measures like values and leadership, and lost because he failed badly on one single measure: "cares about people like you."
This suggests that he lost not because he needed to be more like Cruz, who gives not a clue that he cares about anyone, but more like compassionate conservative George W. Bush, who did very well with the Hispanics and the lower-middle-class white voters whom Romney so drastically lost.
Cruz also said Democrats celebrate when Republicans move to the middle, but what really makes Democrats happy is when Cruz does things like shutting down the government (which trashed the GOP brand until health care revived it and sank the Republican slate in Virginia), forcing Republican senators into difficult votes that do not make their re-election more likely.
Republicans need much advice from pragmatic advisers. But not from a source like Cruz.
Noemie Emery, a Washington Examiner columnist, is a contributing editor to The Weekly Standard and author of "Great Expectations: The Troubled Lives of Political Families."
A Dutch company is about to unveil the world's first-ever bike path built entirely of solar panels. It's about 230 feet long — you can traverse it in few seconds of pedaling.
It seems pretty neat at first. But there's also a good argument that this is a really inefficient way to generate solar power:
The bike path, built by SolaRoad, "is made up of rows of crystalline silicon solar cells, encased within concrete and covered with a translucent layer of tempered glass." It will open to the public on November 12.
The glass that overlays the panels has to be tough enough to withstand the thousands of cyclists who will ride on the path every day:
But is this even practical? The bike path will cost roughly $3.7 million and, when it's fully built out to 330 feet in 2016, will generate enough electricity to power… three households. Not very cost-effective. (That's more than 1,000 times costlier than the price of rooftop solar electricity in the United States.)
Of course, one big hope for solar bike paths — much like with the Solar Roadways project being tested in Idaho — is that they might be able to scale up and provide a lot of electricity in the future. After all, we have all this open space on our roads and bike paths. Why not put it to use?
The downsides of solar roads — and solar bike paths
Unfortunately, there are some big drawbacks here. For one, solar panels sitting underneath roads and bike paths can get covered in dirt and mud and ice and snow, reducing their effectiveness. SolaRoad is hoping to address this by tilting the panels slightly and giving them a non-adhesive coating, so that the rain washes the dirt off. It remains to be seen how effective this is.
A better approach would be to put solar roofs over the bike paths
Another big problem is that these panels aren't tilted toward the sun, the way rooftop photovoltaic panels are. According to The Guardian, that means they're expected to produce 30 percent less electricity than conventional panels.
Over at Renewables International, Craig Morris argues that the panels will probably perform much, much worse than that once you factor in shading, ice in the winter, and the rough surface needed to prevent bicyclists from slipping. He's sour on the whole idea: "Here's hoping news about how terrible the idea is gets around fast so that the project is not copied elsewhere."
Indeed, if you really wanted a solar-powered bike path, Morris notes, there might be an easier alternative. You could install roofs above parts of the bike paths and then install solar panels on the roofs. Less dirt. You can angle the panels. More electricity with less hassle. (Plus it would shield cyclists from the frequent rain, although it would be less pleasant on sunny days.)
A more creative use for solar roads
That said, even if solar roads and bike paths are unlikely to generate a ton of electricity for household consumption, they might have more modest uses. Which is why the technology may still be worth testing.
Over at TreeHugger, Lloyd Alter points to one Dutch company's vision for solar roads: "Sensors gathering information about traffic circulation can help improve traffic management, or even allow automatic vehicle guidance. Other possible functions are variable road markings, ‘tag-along' LED-lights and heating in winter. And eventually, a system for wireless energy."
It may be unlikely that solar roads will ever be practical enough to power electric cars zipping up and down the highway. But smaller sensors or road de-icing systems? That's not quite as far-fetched.
Further reading:
-- Should we cover all our roads with solar panels?
-- Is there a free-market solution to global warming?
-- Solar power is contagious: Installing panels on your roofs often means your neighbors will too
An online community is fiercely rallying around “Encino Man” actor Brendan Fraser in an effort to prevent him from fading into cultural oblivion.
Fraser, 48, was snubbed for the leading role in a reboot of “The Mummy,” the trilogy in which he starred during the late ‘90s and early aughts. Tom Cruise will take over the lead role in the 2017 movie.
Devout fans have taken note — and taken action, with an outpouring of memes, social-media campaigns and a Change.org petition with more than 33,000 signatures advocating for Fraser to land more TV and film roles.
“Brendan Fraser is a fantastic actor and person to work with, he has starred in films such as ‘The Mummy' and ‘Journey to the center of the earth' and now he needs our help,” the online petition says.
Pleas of #SaveBrendanFraser spread throughout Twitter, and a voracious page on Reddit committed to saving Fraser's career logged more than 40 new posts in the last 24 hours. As of this morning, 54 Reddit users would prefer to see Fraser in the next installment of “Mission Impossible.” Others have successfully campaigned to get his ranking on IMDb among the top 500 actors.
Though evidence is sparse that Fraser actually wants to be “saved,” fans point to a recent painfully long AOL interview in which Fraser appears shaky and meek, a shadow of his former ‘90s heartthrob self.
“Brendan has been in multiple interviews recently and has appeared to be very down and out, and us loyal fans feel like we are obliged to help him in any way possible,” says the Change.org petition. “Please help us get Brendan back on his feet again, we miss him.”
The Westchester County resident recently appeared in Showtime's “The Affair” as the menacing prison guard John Gunther. In an interview with The Post about the appearance, Fraser said he wasn't upset about Cruise's casting in “The Mummy.”
“Tom's going to be great in it,” Fraser said. “He has incredible worldwide appeal.”
Fraser's fans beg to differ.
To watch a video of the market drama, click on the video at left.
But Citigroup said "At this point, we have no evidence that Citi was involved in any erroneous transaction" and the head of the NYSE said "I don't think you are looking for one bank that traded the wrong number of shares."
Other trading anomalies were also emerging: Accenture , a $40 stock, at one point dropped to one cent. ONE CENT. And 3M shares had a wild swing in afternoon trading, falling to around $68, before popping to $90 and finally settling at $84.24.
All this fogginess about botched trades came as the market was already on edge about Greece and the European debt crisis.
Just before the panic started, which was around 2:30pm ET, Mohamed El-Erian said on CNBC that the Greek crisis is about to spread.
"We've seen a crisis start in a country—Greece—become regional, impact the whole of the Euro zone and is on the verge of truly going global," said El-Erian, CEO of the world's biggest bond fund.
Rochdale analyst Dick Bove said the riots in Greece, which escalated after the Greek austerity bill was passed, are also a telling sign.
"There is simply a growing recognition that Greece has got to default, said Rochdale banking analyst Dick Bove. "The riots in the streets showed the decision to repay the debt was not going to be made by the people in Germany, France and Switzerland, it's going to be made by people in Greece and they're not going to repay it," he said. "Anyone seeing the riots is going to recognize that this government is going to be thrown out and anything replacing this government is going to be far more leftist leaning and they're going to repudiate."
Financials were pummeled, with Bank of America down more than 7 percent and JPMorgan off more than 4 percent. US-traded shares of Barclays were off 11 percent.
Financials had actually started the day under pressure after the U.S. Senate approved an amendment to the financial-reform bill that would end "too big to fail." The selling just accelerated as the riot news and European-lending rumors spread.
Earlier, the European Central Bank opted to keep interest rates unchanged, which came as a disappointment to the market as many had hoped that the central bank would take some action to stem the current crisis. The market also didn't like that ECB president Jean-Claude Trichet used the "u" word — uncertainty.
"We expect the euro-area economy to expand at a moderate pace in 2010, but growth patterns could be uneven in an environment of high uncertainty," Trichet said.
While debt worries spread to what seems like a new European country each day — Greece, Spain, Portugal — Standard & Poor's reiterated that their outlook for Italy is stable.
The dollar jumped to a 14-month high against the euro after the ECB failed to offer any additional measures to ease the Greek debt crisis. Oil fellto $77.11a barrel and gold soaredto $1,201 an ounce as investors piled into the metal as a safe haven from the market madness.
One trader noted that today just may be the day gold became a currency.
Elsewhere in the financial sector, Freddie Mac will ask for $10.6 billion more in federal aid after posting a nearly $8 billion loss in its latest quarter.
An unknown hacker has supposedly breached video sharing platform DailyMotion and stolen details for 87.6 million accounts, belonging to approximately 85 million users, according to data breach index website LeakedSource.
LeakedSource, who provides a searchable database of user details leaked in various hacks, has added the DailyMotion stolen data to its search index.
Security breach took place in October 2016
According to the service, the DailyMotion breach appears to have taken place around October 20, 2016, which is 47 days ago.
Based on samples received and analyzed by your reporter, the stolen information includes user IDs, emails, and for some users, hashed passwords.
The passwords were protected with the Bcrypt hashing algorithm, with 10 rounds of rekeying. Over 18 million records have a password listed.
LeakedSource, who often cracks the passwords from leaked data dumps, doesn't plan on doing so, due to the algorithm's strenght.
"It would be a waste of resources for us to crack them, so we typically don't bother," a LeakedSource spokesperson told Bleeping Computer via email. "A determined hacker who wants to crack one person's hash may still be able to."
18 million users need to change their passwords
For the 18 million users who had their hashed password leaked, it may be a good idea to change their password on DailyMotion and on other services where they have reused the password. Users can check if their account information was included in the DailyMotion leak via the LeakedSource website.
Because not all accounts included an associated password, most users are currently in danger of having their email address added to various mass-mailing lists and might see an uptick in spam messages.
Bleeping Computer has reached out to a DailyMotion representative via email. We'll update the article with any information the company provides.
UPDATE: DailyMotion has acknowledged the security breach in a blog post on its site.
MAX, a young Haitian, lives in Pequeño Haití in Santo Domingo but does not feel welcome there. “Dominicans want all this island for themselves,” he says, referring to Hispaniola, which is shared by Haiti and the Dominican Republic. He pulls down his shorts to display scars on his legs, inflicted by a machete-wielding Dominican in an argument over payment of a debt. A barber a few streets away offers a Dominican point of view of Haitians: they are “dirty and do not like to bathe”.
Despite their shared possession of Hispaniola a chasm separates Haiti and the Dominican Republic. Each country is home to roughly 10m people, but the Dominican Republic's GDP is nearly ten times that of Haiti (see chart). The gap in measures of health and education is similarly large. The Dominican Republic's general election on May 15th will underscore another contrast: the disputed outcome of the first round of Haiti's presidential election last October has left the country without a proper government for months.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
This divergence in fortunes has many causes, starting with geography. The Dominican Republic is the greener, rainier side of the island and has better farmland. France, Haiti's colonial overlord, imported vast numbers of slaves to work the sugar-cane fields. Spanish rule of Santo Domingo, as it was known, was less brutal, in part because Spain had more lucrative possessions in other parts of Latin America to exploit. When Haiti gained independence in 1804 it was an overpopulated plantation economy. The Dominican Republic started out as a society of small farmers. It has retained closer ties with its former Spanish masters than Haiti has with France.
The neighbours have fought for centuries. Independence Day in the Dominican Republic commemorates the end of 22 years of Haitian occupation in 1844. Haitians still grieve over the Parsley massacre on the border in 1937, triggered by Dominican complaints of cattle rustling and theft. Nowadays the main tension is over the treatment of Haitians in the Dominican Republic. In 2013 the republic's constitutional court issued a ruling that stripped citizenship from some 200,000 people of Haitian descent because their parents had come to the country illegally. Some 17,000 were deported between July of 2015 and March this year, though expulsions have slowed recently.
In 1960 the two countries were equally impoverished. The Dominican Republic pulled ahead in part because it was luckier in its dictators. Rafael Trujillo, who ruled for 31 years until 1961, was a brute but at least encouraged the development of industry. What came after was a sham democracy, backed by the United States, but it did allow for the development of political parties. The Duvalier dynasty, which governed Haiti from 1957 to 1986, stifled enterprise, in part because it mistrusted mulattos, who dominated business.
The post-Trujillo Dominican Republic has acquired a reputation as a Caribbean powerhouse. Its economy is the largest in the region; its growth rate of 7% in the past two years has been the fastest in the Americas. “Tourism is looking bright; remittances are quite robust; foreign investment is through the roof,” says Franco Uccelli, JPMorgan's chief economist for the country.
The Dominican edge in tourism comes partly from the country's forests, which cover more than 40% of the country (against less than 4% in Haiti). It takes in double the amount in remittances, in part because its diaspora is larger and located mainly in the United States and Spain. A big chunk of expat Haitians are in the Dominican Republic.
Not all Dominicans are sharing in the good fortune. The sectors that employ the most people, such as farming and retailing, are not doing as well as less labour-intensive activities, such as mining, finance and telecoms, points out the Inter-American Development Bank. The poverty rate has fallen more slowly than GDP has risen.
But Dominicans are feeling prosperous enough to make the re-election of the president, Danilo Medina, a near certainty. His Dominican Liberation Party has been in power for 12 years, but he has governed only for four. Polls suggest he will win 60% of the vote in the first round. He has been helped by the weakness of the opposition Modern Revolutionary Party (PRM), which split off from a party that is now aligned with Mr Medina. His moustachioed visage smiles down from countless posters; Luis Abinader, the PRM's candidate, is nearly invisible.
Across the muddy border, most Haitians would gladly swap their problems for those afflicting the Dominican Republic. The growth rate in Haiti is a miserable 1.2% and inflation is in double digits. Reconstruction after a devastating earthquake in 2010 is proceeding slowly.
Improvement will not come until Haiti has a fully functioning government. Three attempts to hold the second round of presidential elections to choose a successor to Michel Martelly (who was a professional musician known as “Sweet Micky” before he was president) have been postponed. Jocelerme Privert, a former president of the senate who now leads a transitional government, says he has one mission: to restore constitutional stability by overseeing the election of a new leader as quickly as possible. “Having a provisional president is seen as a malaise by the international community,” he says.
A five-man “verification commission” appointed by Mr Privert is to report by the end of May on the conduct of the first round, which was denounced as farcical by the candidate who came second, Jude Célestin. The commission will recommend whether to rerun the first round or to hold a runoff between Mr Célestin and Jovenel Moïse, who is Mr Martelly's protégé.
Some observers view the commission as an obstacle to resuming normal politics. John Kerry, the American secretary of state, demanded in an interview that an election should be held forthwith. The international community's patience had a “clear limit”, he said. Many Haitians are less impatient. They want an election whose results will command broad acceptance more than they want a quick one. Under Mr Privert's administration the streets are calm. A freer, fairer election is in prospect. That will not transform Haiti into the Dominican Republic, but it will be progress.
In 2016 the Republican Party controls the future of America because it controls who will win the White House in Nov. If the Republican Party nominates Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton will win the White House. If the Republican Party nominates John Kasich, he will win the White House.
Several weeks ago one poll showed the people's opinion of Trump: Favorable, Unfavorable, or Undecided: 27 percent, 60 percent, 13 percent. Earlier this week, the same poll showed: 29 percent, 70 percent, 1 percent. Within the last two weeks, virtually everyone in America formed a strong opinion about Donald Trump, and the overwhelming majority (70 percent) had an unfavorable view of him. With months to go before the election, America has decided against Donald Trump, which makes Hillary Clinton our next President.
The No. 1 priority of the Republicans this election year is a Constitutional amendment requiring a balanced budget. (We have not even had a budget in the last eight years!) A budget gets America's fiscal house in order and makes possible progress or solutions on many issues that were difficult or impossible without a budget. Of equal importance is for the president to have a good working relationship with Congress to jointly solve America's problems.
John Kasich tried to address these issues during the campaign, but his voice of reason was drowned out by the name-calling and personal attacks which caused the focus to shift away from the core issues affecting America's future.
In the late 90s, then Congressman John Kasich was one of the key players who worked out a budget, and got it passed by Congress. Bill Clinton signed that budget which resulted in the first budget surpluses in decades. John Kasich is now a two-term governor of Ohio. John Kasich has been a part of both the executive and legislative branches of our government, and knows, first-hand, what can be accomplished when these branches work together.
John Kasich is a true statesman. His leadership and experience is exactly what we need in the White House. The Republican Party needs to nominate John Kasich for President in 2016. America's future depends upon it.
James N. Bridgeman
Chester
Serenity is a property in Birch Island, BC near the town of Clearwater. It's owner, Shirley de Vooght, has been devoting her life to Serenity for years now. She spends all of her time and money endlessly converting Serenity into a place for musicians and music lovers to connect. Shirley holds regular concerts on the many stages at Serenity throughout the year.
As a musician who has played Serenity quite a few times now I know that Shirley has given much more than she can afford to in order to turn Serenity into what it is. She makes sure that musicians are paid, fed and have a place to stay for the night. If she can, she will extend her hospitality to anyone else who comes to Serenity.
Serenity has become such a unique and amazing musical community. Those of us who have been a part of that community for a while now feel that we need to come together at one time and bring more people into the Serenity experience. So this year will be the first Serenity Harvest Music Festival. A 3 day festival on September 5th-7th. There will be a lot of activities, food, bonfires and of course, great music.
Because Shirley has spent every penny (and more) that has come in she needs a few key things to really help this festival happen.
1: New Roof.
She has converted her home into another stage and more band accommodations. The roof in these areas is in desperate need of repair. A portion of these funds will go toward the repairs necessary to keep everyone warm and dry.
2: Grounds Upkeep
The grounds at Serenity are massive and take a LOT of time to mow, etc. A portion of these funds will go toward the groundskeeping. A HUGELY important part of a music festival that often goes unnoticed.
3: Extra Funds
If any extra funds come in they will go toward building a drum riser on the main stage along with quite a few other things that will make this festival a great one.
-Jeff
Windborn
Thank you everyone!!
Introducing: Nomad!
❮❮ Newer Download | Full View Older ❯❯ Submission © 2016 Tasanko Main Gallery
416 submissions Featured in the following folders: Characters - Nomad
Introducing: Nomad! - by Tasanko Submission information:
Posted:
Category: Artwork (Digital)
Theme: All
Species: Lynx
Gender: Male
Favorites: 95
Comments: 5
Views: 2094
Image Specifications:
Resolution: 1391x900
Keywords:
ref sheet reference nomad feline cat lynx male
Say hello to Nomad!
For a long time I've wanted to have something akin to a mascot for all my art, or just a central character in general! I've gone through many a design this year, and I'm finally ready to show where all that design has culminated. There will no doubt be some changes and additions to this design in the future, but I've sat on it long enough, so here he is! This specific design is inspired by lynxes and sphynxes. As is his namesake, he likes to move around a lot, and his outfit & items will reflect different places and cultures. I will also use him for a wide variety of art ideas, so this reference sheet here is just a baseline.
Primary personality traits:
- Friendly
- Shy
- Kind
- Sleepy/mellow like a cat
Secondary personality traits:
- Blushes easily
- Lonesome
- Meditative
- Contemplative
- Easily overwhelmed by social situations
Other traits/misc notes:
- Has mostly very short fur
- Chunky hands and paws
- Loves bright colours
- Lives a cat-like life, without the stresses of modern life, journeying through the world, napping in sunlight
- Naps when possible, a total sleepyhead
- Keeps cheek-fluff trimmed short - grows to a lynx-like fluff when not trimmed for a few weeks
Favourites:
- Food: Grilled salmon & veggies
- Drink: Fruit juice
---
Q&A:
Q: Is Nomad your fursona?
A: No. While he does have a lot of things in common with a fursona, he is not intended to be one in any way.
Q: Can I draw Nomad?
A: Yes! You are free to draw him, as long as you do not depict him in sexual/fetishistic scenarios. Just be sure to mention he belongs to me. ^_^
Q: Do you roleplay as Nomad?
A: No.
Q: Can you tell me more about him?
A: Yes! Feel free to ask about him! I have some info about him written down, but it's still a work-in-progress.
---
Nomad & art belong to me!
Russian blogger turned opposition figure Aleksey Navalny has been found guilty of repeatedly violating the law by organizing unauthorized public events, meetings or protests. He is now to be placed under administrative arrest for 20 days.
Read more
The decision was announced by a Moscow judge Monday following Navalny's detention Friday. The activist was detained by police on his way to the city of Nizhny Novgorod where one of his street rallies had been planned.
Through various online sources, Navalny “has called on citizens to participate in an unauthorized event in Nizhny Novgorod” on Friday, the court stated, ruling that the activist had once again violated the laws governing public events.
Navalny told the court he's not guilty of breaking any laws and claimed his prosecution is related to his political activity.
READ MORE: Justice Ministry denies seeking to turn Navalny's conditional sentence into jail term
Organizing a public rally without following certain procedures is a civil offense in Russia and punishable with up to 30 days of administrative detention. Navalny was earlier this year convicted on similar charges. In March, he was fined for violating the rules, and in June, sentenced to 30 days in custody for breaking the law on rallies yet again. His sentence was then shortened to 25 days.
Yesterday, Conan O'Brien's late night show had a sketch in the works that involved a goat, but after the sketch was cut – and after O'Brien found out that the show paid a whopping $750 to rent a real goat for a few hours – he decided that, sketch or no sketch, there was no way that animal was going away without the show getting its full money's worth. “So let's get this straight: Dana Carvey, a comedic icon for anyone in my generation, is getting $450. A goat who doesn't even have to show up on the program is getting $750-fucking-thousand dollars. Ridiculous!” O'Brien says. “I bet you that the goat shits on the floor more than Dana Carvey does,” Andy Richter tells him. Sure, you could watch some clips from Dana Carvey's interview, but if you're a true O'Brien fan, you'll take at least a few seconds to appreciate this very expensive goat.
CHICAGO — The effort to make the Lakefront Trail less congested by creating separate paths for cyclists and joggers will force a portion of the popular path to close starting May 22, city officials said.
The trail will be closed east of Lake Shore Drive between Diversey Parkway and North Avenue starting May 22, according to a statement from Mayor Rahm Emanuel's office. A marked detour will take trail users west of Lake Shore Drive, officials said. The city did not say how long the stretch would be closed.
Construction will also take place from Oak to Ohio streets, where a lane will allow cyclists and joggers to navigate around the crews, officials said.
Crews will limit the use of heavy equipment during the trail's most heavily-trafficked hours in the mornings and evenings, officials said.
Trail users can track the process of the construction and map detours by going to chicagoparkdistrict.com/lakefront-trail, officials said.
Emanuel said, once complete, the separated trail will enhance the Lakefront, which the mayor called one of the city's greatest assets.
"This is an important next step in continued efforts to make the Lakefront Trail safer and more accessible for thousands of cyclists, runners and walkers that use the path each day," Emanuel said in a statement.
In March 2016, Emanuel announced plans to add nearly 6 acres of green space where Lake Michigan used to be at Fullerton Avenue, as well as building separate paths for runners and bicyclists along 7 miles between Fullerton and Ohio Street and from 31st Street to 51st Street.
A $12 million gift from Ken Griffin — Illinois' richest man and one of Emanuel's biggest campaign donors — will allow the Park District to separate the remaining 11 miles of the trail, which is flooded with runners and bicyclists during warm — or less-than-frigid — weather.
The separated trail between 31st Street to 41st Street is expected to completely open by Memorial Day, the mayor's office said.
The asphalt bike trail will be 12 feet wide, while the pedestrian trail will be 20 feet wide with 14 feet of asphalt and 6 feet of soft surface mix on either side, officials said.
Emanuel broke ground on the project this weekend, joined Saturday morning by Chicago Park District Supt. Mike Kelly and billionaire Griffin at Lake Shore Drive and Fullerton Parkway.
Cyclists, runners and lakefront strollers have complained for years about congestion on the trail, especially in the pinch points between Fullerton and North Avenue and along the Gold Coast between Oak and Ohio streets.
Griffin got involved with a $12 million gift to the city announced late last year. Before that, the avid cyclist wrote in an email to Emanuel (released in Freedom of Information Act request) that "the lakefront bike path is a disaster."
"I am excited to see us taking another step forward towards making the Lakefront Trail safer and more enjoyable for everyone in Chicago,” Griffin said Saturday. “I appreciate all of the efforts that have gone into this great project and applaud Mayor Emanuel and Supt. Kelly for their continued leadership."
Kelly cheered input from cycling and running advocates — namely the Active Transportation Alliance and the Chicago Area Runners Association — in arriving at the final plans for the separation, adding, "We are fortunate to have the support of Mr. Griffin to bring the trail separation project to fruition."
It's part of a grand design to separate cyclists and pedestrians along the entire 18 miles of the Lakefront Trail.
The stretch between Fullerton and North will get two new bike lanes going in opposite directions, while pedestrians get the old path. Because of the more extensive construction in that area, the path will detour west of Diversey Harbor while work is ongoing.
Due to less room to work with east of Lake Shore Drive on the Gold Coast, the stretch between Oak and Ohio, meanwhile, will get four adjacent lanes designated for cyclists and pedestrians.
Work on the two stretches is expected to be completed this summer, but extending that south will have to wait for completion of the more complicated Navy Pier flyover.
The NaMo narrative is the future — for it bats for the cashless digital economy, MaMo is the past — for it argues for status quo. A civilisation that stops walking towards the future rot early. (PTI file photo)
One month of demonetisation has presented two dominant narratives — one is centred around ex-Prime Minister Manmohan (MaMo) Singh's assertion that note ban is a “mammoth tragedy”, the second is championed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi (NaMo) that says note ban is a “short-term pain for long-term gain.”
Singh says the surprise demonetisation has “shattered the faith and confidence” of over a billion people of the country in the Indian currency and the government. To support his claim in an article in The Hindu, Singh quotes a saying “money is an idea that inspires confidence”. However, there is no evidence to show people have lost their faith in the Indian currency or the government. Had it been so, there would have been riots across the country by now.
As an economist, Singh is expected to supplement his claim with data. As a politician, however, he can afford to deal in anecdotes and hyperboles.
While announcing the decision to demonetise old Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes, Modi had said, “There comes a time in the history of a country's development when a need is felt for a strong and decisive step.”
Modi didn't ignore the possible hardship citizens would have to endure because of the decision. He anticipated the trouble and appealed to people to bear the pain. “In a country's history, there come moments when every person feels he too should be part of that moment, that he too should make his contribution to the country's progress.”
The last big reform that liberalised the Indian economy happened in 1991 when Singh was the Finance Minister. While reading the historic speech in Parliament then, Singh had also foreseen the troubles people faced because of the liberalisation of the then mostly state-controlled economy.
“Sir, I do not minimise the difficulties that lie ahead on the long and arduous journey on which we have embarked. But as Victor Hugo once said, ‘no power on earth can stop an idea whose time has come.' I suggest to this august House that the emergence of India as a major economic power in the world happens to be one such idea. Let the whole world hear it loud and clear. India is now wide awake. We shall prevail,” Singh had said. Ironically, that optimism of Singh seems to have been lost somewhere.
In The Hindu article, Singh points out two “primary reasons” for the note ban: a) to check terrorists from Pakistan, b) to break the grip of black money and corruption. Readers may find it interesting that Singh says these two evils “deserve to be extinguished with all firepower at our disposal”. But he doesn't find demonetisation as one one such firepower. He says something, contradicts himself and warns “road to hell is paved with good intentions.” Singh may be right in saying this as he has witnessed how corruption became a popular culture in the years following economic reforms of 1991.
Modi continues to maintain that demonetisation would yield long-term gains, take India towards a digital, cashless economy and ensure the financial inclusion of all sections of society. He says the government is doing everything in its capacity for the proper implementation of the note ban.
The frequent Income Tax raids and seizure of hundreds of crores of new currency notes from different parts of the country show the government machinery is functioning. But then the queues outside banks and ATMs, loss of jobs and maybe lives, as reported by media, due to note ban shake people's faith in the decision.
The situation could have been better had the majority of the country including the banks, police and general administration been honest. As an economist, it could have been better if Singh had proposed ways to solve these problems and show a path out of what he calls a “mammoth tragedy”.
Instead, Singh warns, from his own experience perhaps, “most policy decisions have unintended consequences”. He also argues that fighting a war against black money “may sound enticing. But it cannot entail even a single loss of life of an honest Indian.”
India has a very bad record at implementing any policy or programme. Singh knows this better than everyone. For corruption is a part of the popular culture in the country. Modi promises to break it. And he says this is just the beginning. Should one be hopeful and look towards the future or live in the decadent past or the rotting present?
The NaMo narrative is the future — for it bats for the cashless digital economy, MaMo is the past — for it argues for status quo. A civilisation that stops walking towards the future rot early.
People may choose between the two and decide their fate. While doing so, they can take inspiration from what Singh said in 1991: “But as Victor Hugo once said, ‘no power on earth can stop an idea whose time has come.'”
WHY do we remember some dreams but not others? It's because the brain mechanism that controls whether we remember or forget things when we are awake is involved.
So say Luigi De Gennaro at the University of Rome, Italy, and his team, who used an electroencephalogram (EEG) to monitor the brain activity of students as they slept. The team monitored 65 students: 30 who habitually wake up while in rapid eye movement (REM) sleep, and 35 who usually wake in stage 2 non-REM sleep. About two-thirds of both groups recalled dreams during the study.
Those who woke during REM sleep and successfully recalled their dreams were more likely to demonstrate a pattern of EEG oscillations called theta waves in frontal and prefrontal cortex areas – the parts of the brain where our most advanced thinking occurs. “The kind of EEG oscillations and the cortical region involved are the same as those important for recalling memories in awake subjects,” says De Gennaro.
In non-REM wakers, those who remembered their dreams had patterns of alpha wave activity in the right temporal lobe – involved in recognising emotional events – that resembled activity known to be key for recall while awake (Journal of Neuroscience, DOI: 10.1523/jneurosci.0412-11-2011).
Advertisement
The upshot is that even when we are asleep, the same parts of our brains are on the alert for things to remember. These are often events that are emotionally charged and that the brain deems important, whether we are awake or not.
De Gennero says the results are the first evidence that the physiology by which memories are stored is the same whether we are awake or asleep. “These findings are similar to known EEG patterns in wakeful memory recollection, suggesting a continuum of cerebral processes throughout the sleep-wake cycle,” says Michael Czisch, who studies sleep at the Max Planck Institute of Psychiatry in Munich, Germany.
Anatomy and physiology Edit
Spring peepers are tan or brown with a dark cross that roughly forms an X on their dorsa (thus the Latin name crucifer, meaning cross-bearer[3]), though sometimes the marking may be indistinct.[4][5] They have a body length between less than 25 mm (0.98 in) to 38 mm (1.5 in)[5] and a mass between 3 and 5 g (0.11 and 0.18 oz).[4] The species has large toe pads for climbing, although it is more at home amid the loose debris of the forest floor.[4] The color variations of P. crucifer are mostly tan, brown, olive green, and gray. Females are lighter-colored, while males are slightly smaller and usually have dark throats. Located by its throat, this frog has a vocal sac which expands and deflates like a balloon to create a short and distinct peeping sound. Only males have the ability to make this loud high-pitched noise, and they use it to attract mates. Spring peeper, adult, Florida
Spring peepers are distinguished by a dark X-shaped marking on their back
Ecology Edit
Spring peepers live primarily in forests and regenerating woodlands near ephemeral or semipermanent wetlands.[6] This amphibious species requires marshes, ponds, or swamp regions to support the aquatic environment the eggs and tadpoles need. In the northern reaches of their range, spring peepers must frequently endure occasional periods of subfreezing temperatures during the breeding season. The species can tolerate the freezing of some of its body fluids, and undergoes hibernation under logs or behind loose bark on trees.[4] It is capable of surviving the freezing of its internal body fluids to temperatures as low as -8 °C.[7] This species frequently occurs in breeding aggregations of several hundred individuals, and commonly breeds in many small wetlands, including swamps and temporary pools and disturbed habitats, such as farm ponds and borrow pits.[6] Geographic range and habitat Edit The southern spring peeper's habitat includes the Gulf Coast from southeastern Texas to southeastern Georgia and northern Florida, United States. Its northern conspecific occurs in the entire United States east of the Mississippi and spreads to eastern and central Canada.[4][6]
Behavior Edit
Conservation status Edit
The spring peeper has no special status in most areas. They are common and widespread frogs in the eastern regions. However, their habitats are quickly changing due to loss of wetlands. In some areas, their populations have decreased significantly.[9] The species is listed as threatened in both Iowa[9] and Kansas.[10]
: As “escape rooms” continue to spread across the world like an architectural venereal disease (but a nice one!), you may or may not know that there are now lots of escape room board games. Yes! You can have (almost) all the fun of escaping a real room, but at a tidy fraction of the price.
For the last few weeks I've been fretting and sweating against these games' arbitrary countdowns, searching for the best simulation of being locked in a room. And do you know what? I had a consistently happy time of it.
But the time for happiness is over. Two series emerged as front-runners during my trials, and it's only right that I pit them against one another in cardboard combat. From Germany, in the blue corner, we have the prestigious series of EXIT: The Game. And from France, in the red corner, we have the flashy contender known as Unlock!
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN! LET'S GET READY TO RUMBLE PUZZLE!
Let's start with EXIT. In the above picture you can see one of the three “rooms” of EXIT that arrived this month in English-language markets. Three more EXIT games are already available in Germany, and Kosmos announced just this week that another four EXIT games are in development, so by the end of 2017 there will be an incredible 10 separate EXIT rooms for you to buy.
But this aggressive release schedule makes sense, because the EXIT games are an absolute delight, and the best puzzling I've enjoyed since The Witness. Each and every box is the work of husband and wife team Inka and Markus Brand, and I can only guess that life in the Brand household features puzzles the way that ancient Sparta featured warfare.
Woe betide the Brand children, who probably have to crack cyphers in order to earn their Christmas presents.
Obviously this article is totally spoiler free, but I'll say this much: EXIT's puzzles strike a perfect balance between logic and lateral thinking, and tease as much as they test. A full half of EXIT's puzzles are the sort of thing where when you solve them, a smile stretches across your face like a sunrise, first because you're pleased with how clever you are, and then because you're impressed at how clever the designers are. Honestly, playing EXIT is the mental equivalent of running your hands across silk. The whole experience is free from snags and frustrations, and almost lascivious in its smoothness.
Some of that's down to the fact that almost half of the contents of any EXIT box are cards that first offer a cryptic clue to any puzzle you're struggling with, then a helpful clue, and finally the solution, so there's always the option to be hoisted out of any mental rut you slip into.
Surely that's our content finished then? If EXIT has the best puzzles, that must be a knockout blow delivered to Unlock!?
Well, no. There's just one problem with EXIT games, something that actually gives Inka and Markus the freedom to make such clever obstacles, which is that anytime anybody plays through an EXIT box… they destroy it.
EXIT is a literal paper champion. Players progress through the game with pens and scissors at the ready and routinely get fold, cut up or scribble notes on components. There's absolutely no getting around this. You buy EXIT for £13, finish it in a delightful hour, and then ceremoniously lower it into the bin. So if you thought T.I.M.E. Stories was a troubling value proposition, I'd warn you to steer clear of this series. You might poop yourself with rage.
So let's look at our alternative!
Unlock! is actually from the people who brought us T.I.M.E. Stories, and (just as with that game) each of Unlock!'s “rooms” is nothing more than a deck of oversized cards.
Players progress through the room by locating cards from the deck whenever they spot the corresponding number or letter on a card, so when you enter the room pictured above you'd then look through the deck in a hurried panic until you've assembled a sort of puzzling picnic spread:
Meanwhile, the official Unlock! app located on somebody's Android or iOS device times the group, accepts code inputs and dishes out hints.
Theoretically this companion app could let the designers do some completely excellent hybrid puzzles, the app acting as a feather in Unlock!'s cap in much the same way that EXIT destroys itself to create cool new puzzles. But actually the designers of Unlock! don't explore these possibilities at all, and more often than not the app acts as an outsized stopwatch. Even the app's hint system often fails to kickstart your perception of a puzzle, docking your score without actually helping.
It's not all bad. I do like having a giant countdown next to me while I play, which adds a dash of the drama to proceedings.
Another thing to mention to prospective buyers of Unlock! is that if you live in Europe then the game's available as the above lovely box containing three escape rooms and a tutorial room, offering solid value for money. If you're in the United States or Canada, Asmodee has made the decision to sell each room separately. Why? I have no idea. On the other hand, Asmodee has made the tutorial room and an online-exclusive print-and-play room both available as downloads from the game's site, so you can at least try Unlock! before you buy.
And I'd encourage people to try Unlock! if they have a printer at home, because it's good! It really is very good, and having a nice piece of art on every card gives each deck a wonderful sense of place.
I don't want to say the puzzles are amazing or anything because EXIT has broken my ability to judge good puzzles, a bit like how if you expose a geiger counter to too much radiation then it can't read low levels anymore. But my wife and I had an awesome time working our way through all three of the current Unlock! rooms, and vitally, now we get to give our near-mint condition copy to one of our friends, which feels a hell of a lot better than guiltily slipping the box into the recycling.
So in conclusion, if you're at all interested in this new raft of co-operative puzzle solving board games, I'd absolutely encourage you to buy Unlock!, unless you don't care about your games being disposable or you want a real show-stopper of an experience to put in front of your friends or family, in which case I'd buy any one of EXIT's adventures.
But Unlock! is the series that I've personally committed to, and I intend to buy every new room that Space Cowboys release. Yes, it's a sometimes-lumpy, imperfect escape room experience, but it more than makes up for it by you being able to lend it to board gamers and non-board gamers alike. Your copy of Unlock! is going to travel around your social circle like a flu. Heck, I'd even love to take my Unlock! decks around to my friends' houses and just watch them struggle through a room that I already completed, like happy mice in a my maze.
Finally, a note on player numbers. The publishers of Unlock! and EXIT will tell you that these games are good for between 1 and 6 players, which is like saying that between 1 and 6 people can share a normal-sized bath. It's technically true, but none of you are immersed and you're all wondering what to do with yourselves.
In reality both Unlock! and EXIT are best with two players, I've had plenty of fun on my lonesome, and they can maybe fit three or four people if none of you are particularly noisy or headstrong.
(In other words, if you're not like me.)
A California student got a visit from the FBI this week after he found a secret GPS tracking device on his car, and a friend posted photos of it online. The post prompted wide speculation about whether the device was real, whether the young Arab-American was being targeted in a terrorism investigation and what the authorities would do.
It took just 48 hours to find out: The device was real, the student was being secretly tracked and the FBI wanted its expensive device back, the student told Wired.com in an interview Wednesday.
The answer came when half-a-dozen FBI agents and police officers appeared at Yasir Afifi's apartment complex in Santa Clara, California, on Tuesday demanding he return the device.
Afifi, a 20-year-old U.S.-born citizen, cooperated willingly and said he'd done nothing to merit attention from authorities. Comments the agents made during their visit suggested he'd been under FBI surveillance for three to six months.
An FBI spokesman wouldn't acknowledge that the device belonged to the agency or that agents appeared at Afifi's house.
“I can't really tell you much about it, because it's still an ongoing investigation,” said spokesman Pete Lee, who works in the agency's San Francisco headquarters.
Afifi, the son of an Islamic-American community leader who died a year ago in Egypt, is one of only a few people known to have found a government-tracking device on their vehicle.
His discovery comes in the wake of a recent ruling by the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals saying it's legal for law enforcement to secretly place a tracking device on a suspect's car without getting a warrant, even if the car is parked in a private driveway.
Brian Alseth from the American Civil Liberties Union in Washington state contacted Afifi after seeing pictures of the tracking device posted online and told him the ACLU had been waiting for a case like this to challenge the ruling.
“This is the kind of thing we like to throw lawyers at,” Afifi said Alseth told him.
"It seems very frightening that the FBI have placed a surveillance-tracking device on the car of a 20-year-old American citizen who has done nothing more than being half-Egyptian," Alseth told Wired.com.
Afifi, a business marketing student at Mission College in Santa Clara, discovered the device last Sunday when he took his car to a local garage for an oil change. When a mechanic at Ali's Auto Care raised his Ford Lincoln LS on hydraulic lifts, Afifi saw a wire sticking out near the right rear wheel and exhaust.
Garage owner Mazher Khan confirmed for Wired.com that he also saw it. A closer inspection showed it connected to a battery pack and transmitter, which were attached to the car with a magnet. Khan asked Afifi if he wanted the device removed and when Afifi said yes, Khan pulled it easily from the car's chassis.
“I wouldn't have noticed it if there wasn't a wire sticking out,” Afifi said.
Later that day, a friend of Afifi's named Khaled posted pictures of the device at Reddit, asking if anyone knew what it was and if it meant the FBI “is after us.” (Reddit is owned by CondeNast Digital, which also owns Wired.com).
“My plan was to just put the device on another car or in a lake,” Khaled wrote, “but when you come home to 2 stoned off-their-asses people who are hearing things in the device and convinced it's a bomb you just gotta be sure.”
A reader quickly identified it as an Orion Guardian ST820 tracking device made by an electronics company called Cobham, which sells the device only to law enforcement.
No one was available at Cobham to answer Wired.com's questions, but a former FBI agent who looked at the pictures confirmed it was a tracking device.
The former agent, who asked not to be named, said the device was an older model of tracking equipment that had long ago been replaced by devices that don't require batteries. Batteries die and need to be replaced if surveillance is ongoing so newer devices are placed in the engine compartment and hardwired to the car's battery so they don't run out of juice. He was surprised this one was so easily found.
"It has to be able to be removed but also stay in place and not be seen," he said. "There's always the possibility that the car will end up at a body shop or auto mechanic, so it has to be hidden well. It's very rare when the guys find them."
He said he was certain that agents who installed it would have obtained a 30-day warrant for its use.
Afifi considered selling the device on Craigslist before the FBI showed up. He was in his apartment Tuesday afternoon when a roommate told him “two sneaky-looking people” were near his car. Afifi, already heading out for an appointment, encountered a man and woman looking at his vehicle outside. The man asked if Afifi knew his registration tag was expired. When Afifi asked if it bothered him, the man just smiled. Afifi got into his car and headed for the parking lot exit when two SUVs pulled up with flashing lights carrying four police officers in bullet-proof vests.
The agent who initially spoke with Afifi identified himself then as Vincent and told Afifi, “We're here to recover the device you found on your vehicle. It's federal property. It's an expensive piece, and we need it right now.”
Afifi asked, “Are you the guys that put it there?” and the agent replied, “Yeah, I put it there.” He told Afifi, “We're going to make this much more difficult for you if you don't cooperate.”
Afifi retrieved the device from his apartment and handed it over, at which point the agents asked a series of questions – did he know anyone who traveled to Yemen or was affiliated with overseas training? One of the agents produced a printout of a blog post that Afifi's friend Khaled allegedly wrote a couple of months ago. It had “something to do with a mall or a bomb,” Afifi said. He hadn't seen it before and doesn't know the details of what it said. He found it hard to believe Khaled meant anything threatening by the post.
“He's a smart kid and is not affiliated with anything extreme and never says anything stupid like that,” Afifi said. “I've known that guy my whole life. “
The agents told Afifi they had other agents outside Khaled's house.
“If you want us to call them off and not talk to him we can do that,” Afifi said they told him. “That was weird. [...] I didn't really believe anything they were saying.”
When he later asked Khaled about the post, his friend recalled “writing something stupid,” but said he wasn't involved in any wrongdoing. Khaled declined to discuss the issue with Wired.com.
The female agent, who handed Afifi a card, identified herself as Jennifer Kanaan and said she was Lebanese. She spoke some Arabic to Afifi and through the course of her comments indicated she knew what restaurants he and his girlfriend frequented. She also congratulated him on his new job. Afifi recently got laid off from his job, but on the same day was hired as an international sales manager of laptops and computers for Cal Micro in San Jose.
The agents also knew he was planning a short business trip to Dubai in a few weeks. Afifi said he often travels for business and has two teenage brothers in Egypt whom he supports financially. They live with an aunt. His U.S.-born mother, who divorced his father five years ago, lives in Arizona.
Afifi's father, Aladdin Afifi, was a U.S. citizen and former president of the Muslim Community Association here, before his family moved to Egypt in 2003. Yasir Afifi returned to the United States alone in 2008, while his father and brothers stayed in Egypt, to further his education he said. He knows he's on a federal watchlist and is regularly taken aside at airports for secondary screening.
Six months ago, a former roommate of his was visited by FBI agents who said they wanted to speak with Afifi. Afifi contacted one agent and was told the agency received an anonymous tip from someone saying he might be a threat to national security. Afifi told the agent he was willing to answer questions if his lawyer approved. But after Afifi's lawyer contacted the agency, he never heard from the feds again until he found their tracking device.
“I don't think they were surprised that I found it,” he told Wired.com. “I'm sure they knew when I found it. [...] One of the first questions they asked me was if I was at a mechanics shop last Sunday. I said yes, that's where I found this stupid device under my car.”
Afifi's attorney, who works for the civil liberties-focused Council on American Islamic Relations, said this kind of tracking is more egregious than the kind her office usually sees.
"The idea that it escalates to this level is unusual," said Zahra Billoo. "We take about one new case each week relating to FBI or law enforcement visits [to clients]. Generally they come to the individual's house or workplace, and there are issues that arise from that."
However, she said that after learning about Afifi's experience, other lawyers in her organization told her they knew of two people in Ohio who also recently discovered tracking devices on their vehicles.
Afifi's encounter with the FBI ended with the agents telling him not to worry.
“We have all the information we needed,” they told him. “You don't need to call your lawyer. Don't worry, you're boring. “
They shook his hand and left.
Photo of tracking device courtesy of Yasir Afifi
See Also:
S.F.'s new job problem: Everyone's working City's figure down to 4.4 percent as boom goes far beyond tech
Owner Jeannie Kim (right) says she is now having trouble filling kitchen jobs at Sam's Diner in S.F.'s Mid-Market neighborhood. "Five years ago you had people coming in looking for jobs nonstop," Kim says. Owner Jeannie Kim (right) says she is now having trouble filling kitchen jobs at Sam's Diner in S.F.'s Mid-Market neighborhood. "Five years ago you had people coming in looking for jobs nonstop," Kim says. Photo: Leah Millis, The Chronicle Buy photo Photo: Leah Millis, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 7 Caption Close S.F.'s new job problem: Everyone's working 1 / 7 Back to Gallery
Jeannie Kim, owner of Sam's Diner in the up-and-coming Mid-Market area, has a problem plenty of employers outside San Francisco would love to have.
She's got jobs but nobody to fill them.
"Five years ago you had people coming in looking for jobs nonstop," Kim said recently. "Now, I've never had so much trouble finding kitchen help. We always pay more than the minimum wage, but we can't find people. They're all working."
Most of them, at least.
San Francisco's unemployment rate shrank to 4.4 percent in April, its lowest level since 2008 and well below the state figure of 7.3 percent. The city had the third-lowest unemployment rate in California behind only neighboring Marin and San Mateo counties.
"It's pretty low," said Ted Egan, the city's chief economist. "It can't get much lower."
San Francisco's tech boom, which studies say has created additional support jobs ranging from baristas to attorneys, is credited with much of the city's economic recovery. But there has also been unforeseen growth in other areas, Egan and others said.
"I'm surprised by the recovery in construction," Egan said. "It's much stronger than I thought."
Manufacturing boom
Manufacturing has also been an unpredicted success, reversing a decades-long trend of shedding jobs.
San Francisco's manufacturing sector grew in 2012 for the first time since 1989, figures from the city's chief economist show. Much of that growth has been led by quality food products, specialized textiles and companies that bridge the gap between manufacturing and traditional tech or biotech firms, observers said.
Planet Labs launched a network of 28 shoe-box-size Earth-imaging satellites in January that were built at its facility in SoMa, where it employs about 50 people. The company, which its executives sometimes refer to as San Francisco's space agency, recently had 11 job openings posted on its website.
And while San Francisco recently lost high-end chocolate maker Tcho, which moved from Pier 17 to Berkeley, the city is still producing gourmet chocolate, like Poco Dolce, which employs 12 people on Third Street in the Dogpatch neighborhood, according to the city's economic development office. Rickshaw Bagworks is busy producing custom messenger bags in the same neighborhood.
"There is definitely something happening in San Francisco in terms of a manufacturing revival," said Shannon Spanhake, a spokeswoman for Planet Labs and former innovation adviser to Mayor Ed Lee. "This is where we have access to the best talent."
Nearing record low
San Francisco's success on the jobs front is not unprecedented, but it's close. The city's unemployment rate was as low as 3.7 percent in 2006 before what has been dubbed the Great Recession. It was 3.0 percent in December 2000 as the dot-com bubble burst.
But joblessness has been cut by more than half since Lee, who has focused relentlessly on job creation, was appointed as an interim caretaker in January 2011, when the unemployment rate stood at 9.4 percent.
"I have always said that the biggest income gap is between those who have a job and those who do not," Lee said in a statement. The latest "unemployment numbers demonstrate, once again, that our economic policies are working and that more people than ever are sharing in the success of our city."
Lee has pushed jobs on multiple fronts, including overhauling the city's tax code so it will no longer penalize businesses for hiring more workers and easing affordable housing requirements for developers to stimulate more construction, while also setting up a dedicated funding stream for affordable units.
For a man who shortly after he took office said "I'm not a Twitter guy. I'm not even a Facebook guy," Lee has embraced technology companies. He approved a tax break on stock options and another for the Mid-Market area that was designed, in part, to keep Twitter from decamping for the Peninsula.
Remarkable transformation
Kim, who has owned her Mid-Market diner since 2007, says the transformation she sees taking place around her is remarkable.
"I've got to really hand it to him," Kim said. "He's done an incredible job. It's not perfect, but I think he genuinely wants to see the city grow."
Since 2010, San Francisco's private sector has added more than 67,000 jobs, a 15 percent gain, making it the second fastest-growing large county in the United States in terms of private-sector employment, according to a report by Michael Mandel of South Mountain Economics released in April and underwritten by Bloomberg Philanthropies.
From 2007, when the Great Recession started, to 2013, San Francisco added more private jobs in terms of real numbers - 51,800 - than 47 out of 50 states, according to the report. The city was topped only by Texas, New York and North Dakota, with two of those states directly involved in the oil and gas boom.
"By any measure, San Francisco has far outperformed the rest of the country since the Great Recession started in 2007," Mandel wrote. "Between 2007 and 2013, the number of private-sector jobs in the city rose by about 11 percent, compared to a decline of 1 percent nationally."
The city's tremendous job growth hasn't come without repercussions, however.
San Francisco's housing supply hasn't kept pace with surging demand. Rents and home prices have skyrocketed. The Brookings Institution earlier this year published a study showing that the gap between rich and poor was growing faster in San Francisco than in any other city in the country.
Tech workers and the chartered buses many of them ride to corporate campuses in Silicon Valley have been the targets of demonstrations by tenant advocates and other groups protesting gentrification of the traditionally Latino Mission District and the rising cost of living in the city.
2 percent possible?
And the city is expected to add still more jobs.
Beacon Economics is predicting that by the end of the year, the area encompassing San Francisco, Marin and San Mateo counties will see employment overtake its previous dot-com boom peak.
San Francisco is approaching what economists call "full employment," where those out of work equal the number of positions available, Egan said.
"If the city continues to grow jobs at this pace, it will grow the labor force to take the jobs," Egan said. "You just don't see the unemployment rate go to 2 percent."
I have several a base model with several control fields. Among them a location fields compound from lat, lon, accuracy, provider and client time. Most of my writable models (and hence resources) are inheriting from this base model.
I'm trying to make DRF serialize the location related fields in a nested "location" field. For example,
{ "id": 1, "name": "Some name", "location": { "lat": 35.234234, "lon": 35.234234, "provider": "network", "accuracy": 9.4, } }
I'ts important to remember that these fields are regular (flat) fields on the base model.
I've investigated and found several options
Create a custom field and by overriding "get_attribute" create the nested representation. I don't like this solution because i lose some of the benefits of the model serializer such as validation. Create a nested resource called Location. I guess i could make it work by adding a property by the same name on the model but again, no validations.
So my question is, What is the best way to nest ( or group ) several fields in a DRF serializer ?
DRF 3.0.0, Django 1.7
EDIT:
Building on top of @Tom Christie answer this is what i came up with (simplified)
# models.py class BaseModel(models.Model): id = models.AutoField(primary_key=True) lat = models.FloatField(blank=True, null=True) lon = models.FloatField(blank=True, null=True) location_time = models.DateTimeField(blank=True, null=True) location_accuracy = models.FloatField(blank=True, null=True) location_provider = models.CharField(max_length=50, blank=True, null=True) @property def location(self): return { 'lat': self.lat, 'lon': self.lon, 'location_time': self.location_time, 'location_accuracy': self.location_accuracy, 'location_provider': self.location_provider } class ChildModel(BaseModel): name = models.CharField(max_lengtg=10) # serializers.py class LocationSerializer(serializers.Serializer): lat = serializers.FloatField(allow_null=True, required=False) lon = serializers.FloatField(allow_null=True, required=False) location_time = serializers.DateTimeField(allow_null=True, required=False) location_accuracy = serializers.FloatField(allow_null=True, required=False) location_provider = serializers.CharField(max_length=50,allow_null=True, required=False) class BaseSerializer(serializers.ModelSerializer): def create(self,validated_data): validated_data.update(validated_data.pop('location',{})) return super(BaseSerializer,self).create(validated_data) def update(self, instance, validated_data): location = LocationSerializer(data=validated_data.pop('location',{}), partial=True) if location.is_valid(): for attr,value in location.validated_data.iteritems(): setattr(instance,attr,value) return super(BaseSerializer,self).update(instance, validated_data) class ChildSerializer(BaseSerializer): location = LocationSerializer() class meta: model = ChildModel fields = ('name','location',)
I've tested with valid/invalid post/patch and it worked perfectly.
Thanks.
It wouldn't have been hard to predict who who would top Keith Olbermann's ‘World's worst' list Thursday night.
Bill O'Reilly may have become Thursday's most talked about story after his comments caused two hosts of ABC's The View to walk off the set.
Over a year ago, an alleged “truce” was forced upon both O'Reilly and Olbermann after their networks said their bickering was bad for business. “It was time to grow up,” an official at one of the networks told The New York Times.
But the altercation on ABC's popular daytime show gave Olbermann just the excuse he needed to take aim at O'Reilly. The Associated Press detailed the walk off.
Joy Behar and Whoopi Goldberg walked off the stage of “The View” during an argument with Bill O'Reilly over the proposed Islamic center near the site of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks. The women objected to the Fox News Channel host saying that “Muslims killed us on 9/11.”
Barbara Walters criticized her co-hosts for walking off stage during the live show. But she said O'Reilly should make the distinction that extremists committed the terrorist act. Behar and Goldberg returned after O'Reilly said that “if anyone felt that I was demeaning all Muslims, I apologize.”
Olbermann, who has a longstanding feud with O'Reilly, couldn't let the opportunity pass without using his “Worst Person in the World” segment to call out the Fox News host.
“Lost in that, of course, is that fact that Bill O. without the benefit of a script revealed himself to be just another Fox News bigot and Islamophobe,” explained Olbermann.
“It's like asking who used to be the cleverist juvenile delinquent in a school. Now he's just parroting Gretchen Carlson and Glenn Beck over there,” said Olbermann. “It's sad.”
But some think that O'Reilly may have actually come out on the winning end of the exchange.
“[W]hen Behar and Goldberg literally walk out of an interview with O'Reilly… doesn't O'Reilly win?” asked Glenn Davis at Mediatite.
Behar used her platform on Headline News later that evening to elaborate on the controversy.
US Magazine noted:
On her Headline News show Thursday night, Behar continued her O'Reilly rant, stating that he had a “pinhead moment.” She said she was “really angry … I thought he was saying something that I construe as hate speech, frankly.” To say Muslims were responsible for 9/11, “to lump an entire group like that,” is wrong, she said.
Behar told PopEater, “He's an idiot!”
O'Reilly was nearly triumphant when he spoke about it on his Fox News show that night.
“I loved that exposition today,” he said.
This video is from MSNBC's Countdown, broadcast Oct. 14, 2010.
After tons of feedback, I have finally finished the most important slides of my Battlefield 4 concept imagery for the loading screen and end of round screen. It took a very long time and I was confused through most of it due to the amount of multitasking I had to perform. I thank everyone so much on /r/battlefield_4 that helped me with feedback and complimented my work. If there is anything you don't like, please forward it to me so I can update it.LOADING SCREEN, Joining: In the new loading screen, you get a view of the map, options, an option for exiting, a briefing paragraph, an objective, server info, a loading bar and an admin description.END OF ROUND: Overall, you can now chat with people from the last round as you wait for the map to load. You can exit, check your options, and you can also change your loadout. I forgot to add an option to open battlepacks and use boosts, but in spirit it is there. The loadout screen allows you to change primary, secondary, and gadgets such as grenades, knives and SPEC-upgrades. The chat is easier to read and tells you how to use it. The final screen is the next map screen which only appears after the end of one round. It's basically a loading screen, but you can chat as you wait on it.IMGUR Mirror: imgur.com/a/0MbfO ALTERNATE version: centaurisedna.deviantart.com/a…
$\begingroup$
This isn't an exact analogue to P != NP, in which two large classes exist and it is undecided whether they are equal or not; instead, two large "universes" exist, of which only one is the truth, with one of them strongly believed to not exist, but for which all attempts to disprove this parallel universe have been defeated by an invisible fence. (Perhaps a complexity theory analogue would be a scenario in which we knew that of Impagliazzo's five worlds, only Algorithmica or Cryptomania were possible, but we could not determine which, with both worlds showing an equal propensity to "want to exist".)
Anyway, the situation is in analytic number theory, where there are two worlds (which, very roughly, would correspond to "Algorithmica" and "Cryptomania" in Impagliazzo's list):
Siegel zero: The primes conspire (i.e. show extremely anomalous correlation) with some multiplicative function, such as a Dirichlet character $\chi$; roughly speaking, this means that there is some modulus q such that there is a huge bias amongst the primes to be quadratic nonresidues mod q rather than quadratic residues. (Dirichlet's theorem tells us that the bias will die down eventually - for primes exponentially larger than q - but this is not useful in many applications). The most common way to describe this scenario is through a "Siegel zero" - a zero of an L-function that is really, really far away from the critical line (and really close to 1). Weirdly, such a conspiracy actually makes many number theory problems about the primes easier than harder, because one gets to "pretend" that the Mobius function is essentially a character. For instance, there is a cute result of Heath-Brown that if there are an infinite family of Siegel zeroes, then the twin prime conjecture is true. (Basically, the principle is that at most one conspiracy in number theory can be in force for any given universe; a Siegel zero conspiracy sucks up all the "conspiracy oxygen" for a twin prime conspiracy to also hold.) It does lead to some other weird behaviour though; for instance, the existence of a Siegel zero forces many of the zeroes of the Riemann zeta function to lie on the critical line and be almost in arithmetic progression.
Standard model: this is the universe which is believed to exist, in which the primes do not exhibit any special correlation with any other standard multiplicative function. In this world, GRH is believed to be true (and the zeroes should be distributed according to GUE, rather than in arithmetic progressions (this latter hypothesis has occasionally been called the "Alternative hypothesis")).
[This is an oversimplification; much as how complexity theorists have not ruled out the intermediate worlds between Algorithmica and Cryptomania, we don't have as strong of a separation between these two number-theoretic worlds as we would like. For instance there could conceivably be intermediate worlds where there are no Siegel zeroes, but GRH or GUE still fails (somewhat analogous to Impagliazzo's "Pessiland"). So in practice we have to weaken one or the other of these worlds, for instance by replacing GRH with a much weaker zero-free region. I'm glossing over these technical details though for this discussion. My feeling is that we have some chance with current technology of eliminating some more of these intermediate worlds, but we're quite stuck on eliminating either of the extreme worlds.]
In many different problems in analytic number theory, one has to split into two cases depending on which of the above universes is actually the one we live in, and use different arguments for each (which is the major source of the notorious ineffectivity phenomenon in analytic number theory, that many of out estimates involve completely ineffective constants, as they could depend on the conductor of a Siegel zero, for which we have no upper bound); finding a way around this dichotomy in even just one of these problems would be a huge breakthrough and would likely lead soon to the elimination of one of these universes from consideration. But there is an invisible fence that seems to block us from doing so; both universes exhibit a surprising amount of "self-consistency", suggesting that one could modify our mathematical universe very slightly one way or the other to "force" one of the two scenarios to be in effect (a bit like how one can force P to equal or not equal NP by relativising). The "parity barrier" in sieve theory is one big (and relatively visible) section of this fence, but this fence seems to be much longer and more substantial than just this parity barrier.
I discuss these things a bit more in this blog post. See also this survey of Conrey that was also linked to above.
CLOSE Struggling Web media company Yahoo has decided to forego its spinoff of its $30 billion-plus stake in Chinese e-tailing giant Alibaba, according to a report by CNBC. What's next? Laura Mandaro reports. USA TODAY
Yahoo headquarters in Sunnyvale, Calif. (Photo: Marcio Jose Sanchez, AP)
Struggling Web media company Yahoo has decided to forego its spin-off of its $30 billion-plus stake in Chinese e-tailing giant Alibaba, according to a report by CNBC.
As a result of pressure from shareholders, who are concerned about the tax risks of the spin, the company will not move forward with the share sale and instead will look at a spinoff of Yahoo's core business, CNBC's David Faber said Tuesday, citing persons close to the situation. USA TODAY could not immediately confirm the report.
An announcement could come as soon as Wednesday, CNBC said.
Yahoo will now consider spinning off its core business along with its stake in Yahoo Japan, both of which it could do with much lower risk of tax liability, the Financial Times reported, citing anonymous sources briefed on the situation.
Last week, Yahoo's board met for three days and, as part of the proceedings, heard a presentation from Starboard Value, a major Yahoo investor that has asked the company to scrap its planned spinoff of a 15% stake in Alibaba and instead sell its assets.
Yahoo (YHOO) shares were up more than 2% in after-hours trading to $35.69. Shares closed Tuesday up 0.49% to $34.85.
Yahoo spokeswoman Rebecca Neufeld declined comment on the CNBC report. Maynard Webb, chairman of Yahoo's nine-member board of directors, also declined comment.
Yahoo's core business, which includes its advertising and search technology, as well as a growing content library, could fetch $6 billion to $8 billion, SunTrust Robinson Humphreys Internet equity analyst Robert Peck estimates.
Yahoo's properties, which includes Yahoo Sports and Tumblr, are frequented by more than 1 billion active users each month, and more than 600 million of those years are on mobile, the company says.
The potential for Yahoo to back off from the Alibaba spinoff is "a positive and defining moment for the company," Peck said in an interview. " The board is responding to the possible tax risk and is ultimately seeking "to optimize the company's structure and seek to maximize value," he said. "I like the fact that they realized that."
Shareholder are already on the alert for hiccups, however. One large shareholder told USA TODAY that he will be closely watching Yahoo's timeline for a sale, which CNBC estimated could take a year.
The shareholder, who declined to be identified because Yahoo's plans are not yet official, also said he will be keeping an eye on the board's plan for Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer. He would prefer to see Mayer transitioned out of the company to make way for a strategic buyer, which he said he prefers over a private equity buyer.
CLOSE Reports are swirling that Yahoo will sell its core search and display business, but is anyone waiting in line to buy it?
Mayer was brought on to turn the company around in 2012 — a process that included spending money to buy assets and talent. But the turnaround has been both bumpy and costly, leading shareholders to push for the company to pursue alternatives, such as a sale of core assets.
Peck and other analysts have speculated that a range of telecom and media companies could be interested in acquiring Yahoo's search and media assets, including Comcast, AT&T, NewsCorp, Disney (owner of ESPN), CBS or Verizon, which acquired AOL for $4.4 billion in May.
Earlier Tuesday, Verizon CEO Lowell McAdam said his company would explore the possible acquisition of Yahoo, if its board decided to sell, according to Bloomberg. “We'd look at it like anything else,” he said while speaking at the Business Insider Ignition conference in New York.
"That is a telltale sign that several key market players would be interested," Peck said.
The embattled company is considering several options, including the sale of its core Internet business and restructuring of its media business to turn things around, a person familiar with the situation has told USA TODAY.
Back in 2005, Yahoo paid $1 billion for its 15.3% in Alibaba, which today is worth $31.8 billion. Yahoo's current market cap is $32.9 billion.
The company announced earlier this year its plan to spin off the Alibaba shares as a separate firm called Aabaco Holdings. Since the Internal Revenue Service would not tell the company that its action would not be taxed, there has been some investor concern about the tax risks of the spinoff. Some analysts have estimated that the taxes could approach $20 billion.
That is what has led the board to consider other moves, persons familiar with the situation have told CNBC, according to Faber. Instead, a "reverse spin" of parceling out the core business and the company's stake in Yahoo Japan would leave the Alibaba shares in a virtual holding company, he said.
Follow Mike Snider and Jon Swartz on Twitter: @MikeSnider and @jswartz
Additional reporting by Kaja Whitehouse
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1XZXNzG
By Dr Tammam Aloudat, Médecins Sans Frontières/Doctors Without Borders (MSF) Deputy Medical Director
As we entered the nutrition department of the Mother and Child hospital, a woman sitting at the edge of a bed glanced over at us with suspicion. Strangers usually do not accompany medical staff at this time of the day.
The baby was breathing fast and he seemed in pain. I asked his mother's permission to examine him. She seemed more relaxed once I spoke to her in Arabic.
I told her I worked with MSF, and that we were visiting Ibb to assess the health situation and explore ways to support healthcare facilities, which are struggling under a blockade, airstrikes and the war.
Health situation in Ibb
The hospital director briefed my colleagues as I continued my conversation with the mother. She told me she had come from a village two hours from Ibb.
The worried mother said that her five-month-old was suffering from severe diarrhoea and vomiting. As I examined the baby, the paediatrician told me that the baby was suffering from dehydration but had already improved after one day of treatment.
The mother smiled as she heard the good news, but soon her face turned gloomy again.
When I asked her why, she said she and her husband had had to pay 15,000 YR (around £48) to reach the hospital, and they would have to pay the same to go back; an amount that very few Yemenis can afford and will leave the family in debt for a long time to come.
Desperation in Yemen
This is my second visit to Yemen. Since I last came in 2011 some things have not changed at all, such as the kindness and hospitality of people, but also the long power cuts.
However, many things have changed for the worse. Today, long queues of cars wait in front of petrol stations, and checkpoints have increased. Yemen's quiet nights have turned noisy, filled with the sounds of airstrikes and anti-aircraft guns.
For me, the biggest difference was that the general sense of optimism had turned into desperation and fear for the future. It is sadly a justified fear, as Yemenis are today living through one of the worst armed conflicts MSF has ever seen.
Inhumane conditions
Later, during a trip to one of Ibb's schools where people have sought refuge, we met families who had come to the city fleeing areas witnessing fighting or severe bombardment.
Many had come from Ta'iz and Al Dhale', while others had made the long trip from Sana'a or even Sa'ada.
Around 20 men and several curious boys gathered around us to chat. Most of the boys stood next to their fathers or older brothers, but one five-year-old boy stood next to me, his tiny hand clinging to my shirt.
I was unable to fully concentrate on the discussion as I was reflecting on the inhumane conditions under which Yemen's children are forced to live today.
MSF The family of Fakhira Hameed carry her body to a local cemetery in Ta'iz, after her house was hit by shelling on 24 July.
Mental health support
Most of us in the West can receive mental support after a traumatic event, but the children of Yemen are witnessing a ruthless war, have been forced from their homes and are being deprived of basic needs, healthcare, school and even food, all while their families struggle to survive.
I passed my fingers through the boy's hair in an attempt to offer him some warmth and compassion; two things that are currently in short supply for Yemeni children.
It was the voice of my colleague that brought me back to the conversation. Pointing at me, he was telling a man, “Speak to the doctor.”
A tall man with a tired smile, wearing an old shirt and a traditional Yemeni Futah, (a wraparound skirt or kilt) approached me.
“A ruthless war”
He explained that he had a heart condition and described how his health had deteriorated since arriving in Ibb. He smiled when I asked him why it had taken him so long to come to hospital.
He said that even if the consultation was free, he had no money to buy medicine.
Soon, the discussion turned to the topic of food shortages. During Ramadan, the people living in schools had been offered some food for the Iftar (the evening meal that breaks the daily fast) by their neighbours.
Those donations had mostly stopped after Ramadan. International aid organisations are not providing any food aid to the people living in schools, and they cannot afford it by themselves.
Malak Shaher/MSF MSF international president Dr Joanne Liu visits internally displaced people in Khamer.
Malnutrition
Yemeni children, who have already suffered from decades of malnutrition, will suffer more if the world does not provide food and medicine to them.
Yet efforts in this regard are being hindered by the blockade, fighting and constant bombings.
Yemen is experiencing a ruthless war. I hope next time I visit the country, the war will be over.
Until then, MSF will continue to serve the Yemeni people and to project their voices to the world, so that people everywhere else will know the reality beyond the headlines, which talks only about victories, retreats and negotiations.
Furthermore, we received a word that Samsung will be putting those UHD Super AMOLED panels in none other than the Galaxy Note 5, and will start the displays' production in August, which would jibe with an eventual September announcement around the IFA 2015 expo. The exact diagonals are said to be 5.78" for the inevitable dual edge Note 5 , and 5.89 inches for the regular, flat display version. These return exactly 762ppi and 748ppi, respectively, or the highest pixel densities ever attempted on a phone , if this Note 5 speculation pans out. The more, the merrier.
Thanks for the tip!
Samsung confirmed in its Analyst Days presentation slides a while ago that it has a Ultra HD 2160 x 3840 pixels Super AMOLED displays for mobile in the works for 2015, as you can see above. Also, at a Semiconductor and Display Technology Roadmap workshop last year, Samsung presenters hinted again at having higher-resolution UHD smartphone displays in the pipeline . These resolutions, however, were mentioned then together with the " diamond pixel " term, which is a fancy way to say a non-standard pixel matrix arrangement, that is closer to PenTile , than the standard RGB stripe matrix. In any case, at 700+ ppi, nobody would notice the individual pixels anyway.
SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--(NASDAQ:AMZN) – Amazon Web Services, Inc. (AWS), an Amazon.com company, today announced the launch of the AWS Canada (Central) Region. With this launch, AWS now provides 40 Availability Zones across 15 technology infrastructure regions globally, with another seven Availability Zones and three regions in the UK, France, and China expected to come online in the coming months. Tens of thousands of Canadian customers are using other AWS Regions and starting today, developers, start-ups, and enterprises, as well as government, education, and non-profit organizations can leverage the AWS Cloud to run their applications and store their data on infrastructure in Canada. Developers can sign up and get started today at: http://aws.amazon.com.
The AWS Canada (Central) Region offers two Availability Zones at launch. AWS Regions are comprised of Availability Zones, which refer to technology infrastructure in separate and distinct geographic locations with enough distance to significantly reduce the risk of a single event impacting availability, yet near enough for business continuity applications that require rapid failover. Each Availability Zone has independent power, cooling, physical security, and is connected via redundant, ultra-low-latency networks. AWS customers focused on high availability can architect their applications to run in multiple Availability Zones to achieve even higher fault-tolerance. AWS also provides two Amazon CloudFront edge locations in Toronto and Montreal for customers looking to deliver websites, applications, and content to Canadian end users with low latency. These locations are part of AWS's existing network of 68 edge sites across North and South America, Europe, Asia, and Australia.
The new AWS Canada (Central) Region continues the company's focus on delivering cloud technologies to customers in an environmentally friendly way. AWS data centers in Canada will draw from a regional electricity grid that is 99 percent powered by hydropower. More information on AWS sustainability efforts can be found at https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/sustainability.
“For many years, we've had an enthusiastic base of customers in Canada choosing the AWS Cloud because it has more functionality than other cloud platforms, an extensive APN Partner and customer ecosystem, as well as unmatched maturity, security, and performance,” said Andy Jassy, CEO, AWS. “Our Canadian customers and APN Partners asked us to build AWS infrastructure in Canada, so they can run their mission-critical workloads and store sensitive data on AWS infrastructure located in Canada. A local AWS Region will serve as the foundation for new cloud initiatives in Canada that can transform business, customer experiences, and enhance the local economy.”
“The digital economy is now the economy itself. Virtually every sector of the economy is propelled by digital technologies, which are being enabled by cloud computing,” said Navdeep Singh Bains, Minister of Innovation, Science, and Economic Development in Canada. “The rapidly growing demand for digital services is one reason for the significant investment that Amazon Web Services is making in Canada. On behalf of the Government of Canada, I congratulate Amazon on the success of its cloud business and welcome the expansion of Amazon Web Services in this country.”
“Significant projects like the one being realized by Amazon Web Services represent the kind of large-scale investment that take Quebec a long way toward its goals in the digital world. Indeed, this initiative will stimulate the development of cloud computing in Quebec, a key area that can be an engine for our province's information technology and communication sector,” declared Dominique Anglade, Minister of the Economy, Science, and Innovation in Quebec, and Minister responsible for the Digital Strategy.
All AWS infrastructure regions around the world are designed, built, and regularly audited to meet rigorous compliance standards and provide high levels of security for all AWS customers. These include ISO 27001, SOC 1 (Formerly SAS 70), SOC 2 and SOC 3 Security & Availability, PCI-DSS Level 1 and many more. With AWS, customers are in control of their data and choose the AWS Region(s) where they want their data stored. Data does not move between AWS Regions unless the customer chooses to do so, and AWS provides a variety of options – both from AWS and APN Partners – enabling customers to encrypt their data in motion or at rest if they desire. More information on how customers using AWS can meet their security, data privacy, and compliance requirements can be found at https://aws.amazon.com/security.
Customers and APN Partners Welcome the AWS Canada (Central) Region
For more than a decade, AWS has changed the way organizations acquire technology infrastructure. AWS customers are not required to make any up-front financial or long-term commitments, paying on demand for the IT resources they use rather than incurring large capital expenses. This enables them to scale quickly by adding or shedding resources at any time, accelerate their time to market with innovative applications, and free up limited engineering resources from the undifferentiated heavy lifting of running backend infrastructure—often while significantly improving operational performance, reliability, and security in the process. This has led to more than two million1 active customers using the AWS Cloud each month in over 190 countries around the world.
Salesforce, the Customer Success Platform and world's #1 CRM company, will leverage AWS Cloud infrastructure for a new Canada-based instance for its core services, starting in mid-2017. “Partnering with AWS in Canada will enable us to continue to deliver trusted solutions to our customers in the region with high levels of reliability, performance, and security,” said Richard Eyram, Area Vice President, Salesforce Canada.
National Bank of Canada, one of Canada's leading financial services organizations with over CAD$219 billion in assets, chose the AWS Cloud to help it collect and process a fast-growing volume of stock-market financial data. “The application we were using wasn't effective. We were only able to answer 10 percent of the questions we wanted to answer. We also couldn't process historical data, which we needed to do in order to get more context. The speed and performance of AWS is impressive and data manipulation processes that once took days are now done in one minute,” said Pascal Bergeron, Director of Algorithmic Trading for the bank's Global Equity Derivatives Group. “We have been able to better serve our customers and have improved and optimized trading operations, therefore generating more revenue for National Bank of Canada.”
Porter Airlines is an award-winning regional airline headquartered in Toronto that provides flights to over 23 destinations in Canada and the United States. Porter needed the ability to respond instantly to fluctuating load demands on their public site with a scalable and low-cost solution. Porter needed the ability to store large datasets, transform them, and make them available to other applications and end users for analytics and actions. Porter looked to AWS and services like Amazon Redshift to provide the scalable highly available infrastructure required to meet these goals. “Amazon solved a lot of our problems around scale. Specifically, with our data, AWS answered the questions we used to have to figure out ourselves – like how do we scale our massive data store, how do we access it quickly, how do we keep it secure – and they gave us the solution needed,” said Dan Donovan, CIO for Porter Airlines. “So, we now have the time, freedom and confidence to concentrate on how to make our passengers' experiences better. Using AWS is one of the main ways we do this, and now that AWS has opened a local region in Canada, we can move even more of our systems to the AWS Cloud and put more focus on enhancing passenger experience.”
Lululemon is a technical athletic apparel company that makes technical athletic clothes for yoga, running, working out, and most other sweaty pursuits. Based in Vancouver, they started out of a yoga studio and quickly became a global retailer and community hub for encouraging healthy lifestyles and habits. In order to rapidly build and deploy their digital marketing properties for the 2016 holiday season, Lululemon leveraged AWS CloudFormation, AWS Lambda, and AWS ElasticBeanstalk to streamline the management, deployment, and continuous delivery of their application. “Leveraging AWS allows us to spend more time focusing on what truly differentiates us in the market, rather than on maintaining custom infrastructure solutions,” said Sam Keen, Director of Product Architecture. “AWS Services are highly performant and easily choreographed, allowing us to measure deployments in minutes or even seconds. We see competing cloud providers cloning AWS services but we remain with AWS since they are far in the lead and continue to accelerate the release of new services and regions, now with an AWS Region in Canada, which only serves to continue to enhance the value of their offerings.”
D2L (formerly Desire2Learn), a learning technology leader, recently chose AWS as its strategic cloud infrastructure service provider. “By leveraging built-in AWS Cloud services such as Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2), Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3), Amazon CloudFront, Amazon Elasticsearch, and the suite of AWS analytics and security services, D2L is accelerating our innovation and global expansion in a cost-effective way to serve millions of learners,” said Nick Oddson, CTO of D2L. “Serving our customers from AWS locations in the U.S., Europe, Asia, and now Canada, learners everywhere can have an exceptional learning experience on Brightspace, our award-winning LMS. With AWS's reliability, security, and availability, D2L will continue to provide our high level of service and a global, end-to-end security approach, now on one trusted infrastructure,” said Oddson.
Sequence Bio is a data-driven biotechnology company in Newfoundland and Labrador. "Sequence Bio hopes to obtain approval to embark on a 100,000 person genome sequencing project in Newfoundland and Labrador that deals with sensitive genomic and health information - having a new AWS Region allows us to build and deploy our platform and keep data 100 percent in Canada," said Dan Brake, Director of Technology Development, Sequence Bio.
Postmedia is one of the largest news media companies in Canada with more than 200 brands across multiple print, online, and mobile platforms. “As one of the earliest adopters of cloud computing in Canada, we have utilized AWS for years – and it has delivered on the promise of a powerful, cost-effective, flexible and innovative cloud offering for us,” said Thomas Jankowski, EVP and Chief Digital Officer, Postmedia. “We are excited that AWS is bringing even more capabilities to market in Canada, just in time for our B2B platform build out of the Postmedia Innovation Outpost at Communitech (Waterloo, ON).”
Investing in Canada's Cloud Future
The AWS Partner Network (APN) includes tens of thousands of independent software vendors (ISVs) and systems integrators (SIs) around the world, with APN Partner participation in Canada growing significantly over the past 12 months. APN Partners build innovative solutions and services on the AWS Cloud and the APN helps by providing those partners with business, technical, marketing, and go-to-market (GTM) support. APN SIs such as Accenture, Deloitte, Scalar Decisions, TriNimbus, Slalom Consulting, iTMethods, and Softchoice are helping enterprise and public sector customers migrate to AWS, deploy mission-critical applications on AWS, and provide a full range of monitoring, automation, and management services for customers' AWS environments. AWS ISVs in Canada including Salesforce.com, NuData Security, Acquia, Silanis, OpenText, Splunk, Adobe, and NthGen Software will be able to serve their Canadian customers from the AWS Canada (Central) Region. Customers can easily find, trial, deploy, and buy software solutions for the AWS Cloud on the AWS Marketplace.
AWS offers a full range of training and certification programs to help Canadian professionals who are interested in the latest cloud computing technologies, best practices, and architectures, advance their technical skills. Additionally, the AWS Educate program promotes cloud learning in the classroom and has been adopted by more than 500 institutions worldwide. The program helps to provide an academic gateway for the next generation of IT and cloud professionals. The AWS Activate program provides Canadian-based startups with the resources they need to quickly get started on AWS and scale their businesses. AWS has teamed with accelerators, incubators, Seed/VC Funds, and startup-enabling organizations such as FounderFuel, Real Ventures, the Business Development Bank of Canada, iNovia Capital, OMERS Ventures, and others that provide a range of services including training, AWS credits, capital, in-person technical support, and other benefits.
About Amazon Web Services
For 10 years, Amazon Web Services has been the world's most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. AWS offers over 90 fully featured services for compute, storage, databases, analytics, mobile, Internet of Things (IoT) and enterprise applications from 40 Availability Zones (AZs) across 15 geographic regions in the U.S., Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Germany, Ireland, Japan, Korea, Singapore, and India. AWS services are trusted by millions of active customers around the world monthly -- including the fastest growing startups, the largest enterprises, and leading government agencies -- to power their infrastructure, make them more agile, and lower costs. To learn more about AWS, visit http://aws.amazon.com.
About Amazon
Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about.
1 As of October 31, 2016
Google this month released Chrome from the penalty box and reinstated the browser's PageRank after a 60-day self-imposed sentence over a rule-breaking marketing campaign.
At some point during March, Google lifted the penalty it had imposed on Chrome the first week of January, when it demoted the search ranking of the browser's download page, www.google.com/chrome. It's unclear when Google restored the browser's search rank; SearchEngineLand first reported the punishment's expiration on March 16.
The decision to reduce Chrome's PageRank — the rating Google assigns to sites based on how many other sites link to them — came after SEO Book and SearchEngineLand revealed a marketing campaign that paid bloggers to create generic posts that linked to a video touting Chrome to small businesses.
Google forbids sponsored links, and the company has aggressively punished violators in the past.
On Jan. 4, Matt Cutts, who heads the Google team responsible for monitoring linking rules, announced that the Chrome download site's PageRank would be downgraded and kept there for at least 60 days.
Google demoted the download page's search ranking to 0, the lowest-possible score in PageRank's 0-10 range.
On March 24, several PageRank tools put the Chrome download page at 7.
Computerworld confirmed the improved PageRank by running searches using words such as “browser.” That term now pulls a results page with Chrome in the third spot on the first page. During the penalty period, Chrome's download site was pushed all the way down to the sixth result on the fifth page.
Mozilla's Firefox remains the top result of a search using “browser.”
Although Web metrics company Net Applications blamed the punishment for the largest-ever decline in Chrome's usage share during January, numbers from Irish measurement firm StatCounter told a different story.
According to StatCounter, Chrome's share continued to climb during the penalty period, increasing by 1.1 percentage points in January, 1.4 points in February and 1 point so far this month. The gains were very much in line with StatCounter's tracking of Chrome increases during 2011, which averaged just over 1 percentage point each month.
StatCounter current has Chrome at a 30.8 percent share, second only to Microsoft's Internet Explorer. Meanwhile, Net Applications put Chrome's global share at 18.9 percent.
This story, "Google ends Chrome search rank penalty period" was originally published by Computerworld .
FIFPro women's football survey published
FIFPro today publishes the 2017 FIFPro Global Employment Report on working conditions in professional women's football.
The 41 pages of findings, a summary of a longer report by the University of Manchester, are based on a survey of 3,500 women footballers playing at an elite level.
The footballers surveyed play for their national team or in the first division of a national championship including the most-developed leagues in England, France, Germany, Sweden and the USA.
The report covers pay, tournament prize money, education, childcare, discrimination and match-fixing.
FIFPro thanks all of the footballers who took part in the survey.
“The data in this report can serve as a platform for FIFPro to pursue change together with football stakeholders,” Theo van Seggelen, FIFPro General Secretary, and Caroline Jonsson, chair of the FIFPro Women's Football Committee, write in the introduction.
“The bottom line is that we must pave the way for decent and secure jobs for women as professional footballers.
“This career path for women is only now becoming a viable option. The fact that this opportunity has arrived so late is unacceptable. It shows how football has fallen far behind other sectors of society when it comes to gender equality.”
To read the report, please click on the image.
Hello and welcome to the 86th installment of the SWD .
Military events/news are listed below by the governorates:
Raqqa:
Clashes are still occurring between SDF and IS in districts north of Tabqa, during the clashes IS reportedly lost 30 fighters. Islamic State's media outlet Amaq Agency reported that the United States' artillery was heavily shelling districts where IS still maintains presence.
Idlib:
Hayaat Tahrir al-Sham's sharia court sentenced Suhail al-Hammoud, more famously known as “Abu TOW” to 15 days in prison for “ridiculing” the religion, he was arrested on 4th of May for sharing a photo of him smoking next to one of Hayaat Tahrir al-Sham's signs prohibiting smoking. Suhail al-Hammoud is reportedly jailed in Al-Aqab northwest of Kernabal whose prisons are infamously known for brutal methods of torture specifically designated for military prisoners.
Damascus:
Yesterday's reports from several pro-government sources about SAA capturing Beit Naim turned out to be Jaysh al-Islam's trap as the group claimed to have ambushed SAA in Beit Naim recapturing several positions. From the footage released by Jaysh al-Islam SAA lost at least four soldiers in the ambush.
Jaysh Usud al-Sharqiya, rebel group based in eastern Damascus governorate released a new statement saying that they've launched a counterattack against SAA in newly captured areas east of Al-Seen Airbase. Statement also includes Jaysh Usud al-Sharqiya's intention of breaking the siege of East Ghouta, because of this danger of rebels lifting the siege of East Ghouta one of SAA ‘s goals in this offensive is to cut East Qalamoun rebels from the ones in eastern Damascus desert hugely undermining any possible attempt at breaking the siege.
Situation in eastern Damascus and Homs governorates. Source: FSA News
Iraq
Nineveh:
Iraqi Army made huge advances in northwestern Mosul capturing North Industrial district and most of the 30 Tammuz district. IS' resistance has grown weaker than only one SVBIED attack was reported in Mushrifa destroying a BMP and causing five casualties among the Army's ranks.
In Al-Akidat (Aqeedat) district of Mosul Islamic State destroyed with most likely an improvised explosive device an SUV belonging to the Iraqi Federal Police.
Islamic State's security official, a Libyan national was killed by Iraqi Army in battles for west Mosul.
Latest map of west Mosul. Source: NinevehMC
Kirkuk:
Islamic State's official responsible for air defense was killed by an improvised explosive device south of Kirkuk.
Salah al-Deen:
IS' foreign fighter from Somalia Aideed Ramadan captured in a tunnel by Harakat Hezbollah al-Nujaba, part of Al-Hashd al-Shaabi (Popular Mobilization Units) admitted his role in Camp Speicher massacre by killing 30 recruits. Camp Speicher massacre is one of the biggest IS' crimes where between 1500 and 1700 non-Sunni Iraqi Air Force cadets were executed by IS's fighters.
Amaq Agency claimed IS' sniper killed three Iraqi Federal Police officers in Salman district, Al-Tarmiyah north of Baghdad.
Anbar:
Iraqi Air Force conducted more than a dozen of airstrikes on IS' positions in western Anbar destroying several VBIED factories as well as reportedly killing more than 100 IS fighters. Units targeted were reportedly planning to commit several suicide attacks in Baghdad's area.
CJTF-OIR :
On the 8th of May 2017 CJTF-OIR has conducted 25 strikes in Syria. CJTF-OIR ‘s main focus in Syria at the moment is Tabqa-Raqqa-Deir al-Zour region where they did 23 strikes supporting SDF ‘s operation against IS destroying four IS wellheads, an unmanned aerial system storage building, two vehicles, 13 IS barges, two excavators and eight fighting positions.
Other areas where two strikes occurred are Abu Kamal and Palmyra destroying an IS wellhead, an IS oil storage tank and a tunnel entrance. Full report on CJTF-OIR strikes conducted in both Syria & Iraq can be found here.
Intellectual credited property used may vary from an edition to edition.
Feel free to voice your opinion in the comments section below, constructive criticism is welcomed.
For those of you interested, you can follow us on an official Twitter account @SyrianWarDaily, or me personally on my biased Twitter @joskobaric where I occasionally tweet some things.
Advertisements
MONTGOMERY COUNTY'S generally excellent police force appears hale and healthy, but for years many officers routinely claimed full disability at retirement, a straight-up scam that bilked county taxpayers of millions of dollars. Finally, after overcoming ferocious opposition to any change from the union that represents officers, the county settled on a legislative fix that took effect in 2012 — and even then the union continued to fight the change.
Fortunately, the county council stuck to its guns, and now the results are clear, as is the scale of the abuse that was taking place in the police department. On a force where full disability was once a routine method of retiring at nearly full pay, there has been a sea change.
To recap: Over the five years that ended in 2009, 91 officers in Montgomery were awarded disability pensions, which are tax free. That amounted to more than 60 percent of all retirees from the police force. By comparison, just three officers in Fairfax County received such a benefit over the same span.
In the past two years, following the council's reform, just four of more than 80 retiring officers made disability claims.
The root of the problem was that the department did not have — and the police union would not accept — a common-sense distinction between serious and minor impairments. Officers who suffered nothing more than sore backs and knees — the usual problems — were treated no differently than the very rare officer paralyzed from the waist down. And it was not uncommon for youngish officers with relatively minor disabilities to retire with full benefits and take full-time jobs elsewhere — sometimes physically demanding ones.
After initially shying away from a confrontation with the police union, the county council passed a law that distinguished between serious and minor impairments, establishing two levels of disability awards. Since regular retirement is now a better deal than a pension award for a minor disability, very few officers claim the latter. And there are even fewer officers who can make a legitimate claim of full disability.
Montgomery's police department now has a rational system, one that is in line with those of other area agencies, including fire departments. What is remarkable about the reform is how difficult it was to achieve.
The Fraternal Order of Police, which represents uniformed officers in the county, should have been embarrassed. Instead, it fought any change bitterly for years. The county council, quailing at a showdown with the union, backed away from a legislative remedy in 2009 before finally adopting it in 2011. Even after the new system went into effect in 2012, the union pressed ahead with arbitration to overturn it. This time the council held firm. A consultant estimated the savings to taxpayers at nearly $3 million annually.
The recession provided the political spine for some elected officials to get tough on waste and abuse in county government. Now that times are better, let's hope they don't forget that it's still important to stand up for taxpayers.
Image caption Hamid Karzai is demanding further security guarantees from the US
Afghan President Hamid Karzai has condemned a US air strike that killed a small child and injured two women in the southern province of Helmand.
Mr Karzai's spokesman said the raid on a house was another sign of America's disregard for civilian life. Nato has said it will investigate the strike.
It comes as Washington and Kabul are finalising a deal allowing US troops to remain in Afghanistan after 2014.
Mr Karzai refuses to sign the pact, seeking further assurances from the US.
Earlier this week his office demanded guarantees that American troops would not raid Afghan homes and that Washington would help start stalled peace talks with the Taliban.
Also among his conditions was the return of Afghan nationals held in Guantanamo Bay, according to reports.
Last weekend elders at a grand assembly (Loya Jirga) in Kabul called for the deal to be signed.
'Cruelty'
A presidential statement said Thursday's strike in Helmand "reveals that American forces have no respect for Afghan lives".
It said that as long as such "cruelty" continued, "the security pact will not be signed with America".
The Afghan Islamic Press news agency said the US raid hit a house in the Faqiran village in Garmser district. It said a two-year-old child was killed in the attack.
Security deal - main points Jurisdiction: US forces remaining after 2014 reportedly to receive immunity from Afghan courts
US forces remaining after 2014 reportedly to receive immunity from Afghan courts Sovereignty: In October 2013 President Karzai appeared to have secured US agreement not to carry out attacks on Afghan soil without first consulting the Afghan authorities
In October 2013 President Karzai appeared to have secured US agreement not to carry out attacks on Afghan soil without first consulting the Afghan authorities Security: The US in October 2013 said that it would not protect Afghanistan from external attack because it could get mired in a war with Pakistan Loya Jirga: Q&A Pundits divided on Afghan-US pact Why Pakistan fears pullout
In a statement Nato's International Security Assistance Force (Isaf) said that it "deeply regrets any civilian casualties caused by this airstrike".
The statement said that the target was an "insurgent riding a motorbike".
But the coalition said it had received reports that the airstrike mistakenly killed a child in addition to the intended target, and that two women had been injured.
The coalition vowed immediately to launch an investigation, and to "work with Afghan officials to determine what happened and why".
"We extend our deepest sympathies to the families and loved ones of those killed or wounded," the statement said.
Accidental Afghan casualties are a major source of friction between the government in Kabul and the US-led troops.
The US-Afghan security deal may see 15,000 foreign troops remain after 2014, although Washington says it has not yet taken a decision on any presence.
The soldiers who stay beyond 2014, when most foreign combat forces leave, would primarily train and mentor Afghan forces. Some special forces would stay to conduct "counter-terror operations".
Washington insists the deal - which has taken months to negotiate - must be signed before the end of this year.
South Korea and the U.S. have agreed to launch a combined army unit next year to boost their defense capability.
The combined unit will consist only of a rump staff but if war breaks out it could mobilize 10,000 troops from the 2nd U.S. Infantry Division and 2,000 from a South Korean brigade.
The unit will move with U.S. Forces Korea headquarters to Pyeongtaek, Gyeonggi Province in 2016.
Meanwhile, the two countries also agreed to keep the Combined Forces Command in Seoul, but they have not yet decided whether it will stay at the present USFK headquarters in Seoul or at other facilities.
The combined unit will be led by the commander of the 2nd U.S. Division, with a South Korean brigadier general as his deputy. The 30-strong rump staff will consist of South Korean and U.S. officers.
Its main duties would be repelling North Korean forces in the event of all-out conflict and destroying the North's weapons of mass destruction.
During the joint "Key Resolve" exercises, the USFK has regularly brought in a WMD demolition unit from the U.S. mainland.
The new unit will be headquartered in Uijeongbu, where the 2nd U.S. Division is stationed, prior to the relocation.
It "will contribute to a combined defense posture as joint exercises are carried out in peacetime and the combined unit comes into play in a war," a spokesman for the Joint Chiefs of Staff said.
The two countries are also in talks on whether to keep an artillery brigade of the 2nd U.S. Division north of the Han River.
"The U.S. military wants to keep the artillery brigade in Dongducheon, and the South Korean military also thinks that's a good idea because it would strengthen its ability to respond to North Korean long-range artillery," a military source said. "But the plan has hit a snag because the local government and some citizens are against it."
A similar cloud hangs over the Combined Forces Command. The U.S. wants to keep it at the Yongsan garrison, but Seoul has already made extensive redevelopment plans for the site, which is to become a public park.
GIGABYTE boards the Ryzen hype train with their AORUS AM4-ready mobo.
As the official release of AMD's much talked about Ryzen processor draws near, computer hardware manufacturers are also preparing their brands and products for the much-awaited unveiling, one of which would be GIGABYTE with their preview of the GA-AX370-Gaming 5 under their AORUS sub-brand.
Sadly, apart from the gallery which sports the GA-AX370 Gaming 5's clean look, there isn't any other available information regarding the specifications and pricing of what is presumably the first, and perhaps the flagship model of GIGABYTE's AM4 motherboards under the AORUS brand, however, a quick dissection by Kitguru tells us the following facts about some of its components:
x3 Full Size PCIExpress ports
x3 NVME M.2 PCIE Connectors
x2 PCIExpress x16 ports
4 DIMM slots
PS/2 combi port
x4 USB 3.0 ports (rear panel)
x2 USB 2.0 ports (rear panel)
x3 USB 3.1 ports (rear panel)
x1 USB 3.0 Type C port (rear panel)
x2 Ethernet ports
x5 3.5mm audio ports
x1 HDMI slot
Some details on the board itself also confirm that it will employ Dual UEFI Bios and support multi-GPU setups via AM's CrossFireX and NVIDIA's SLI tech.
There is no word yet regarding the availability of the AORUS GA-AX370-Gaming 5, however, we are to assume that a full announcement will be made once Ryzen is officially revealed by AMD, presumably in the coming weeks.
For a strange sexual history, it's hard to beat birds. In some lineages, bird penises have evolved to spectacular lengths. Ducks, for example, have corkscrew-shaped penises that can grow as long as their entire body. They use their baroque genitalia to deliver sperm to female reproductive tracts that are also corkscrew-shaped — but twisted in the opposite direction.
In other lineages of birds, however, the penis simply vanished. Of the 10,000 species of birds on Earth, 97 percent reproduce without using the organ. “That's shocking, when you think about it,” says Martin Cohn, a biologist at the University of Florida.
Research on the sex life of birds has come under fire from critics who claim that it's unimportant and a waste of federal money, particularly in times of lean spending. In April the criticism from Fox News and conservative pundits became so intense that Patricia Brennan, an expert on bird genitalia at the University of Massachusetts, wrote an essay for Slate defending the value of her research.
The mystery of the vanishing bird penis is actually an important question — not just for understanding the evolution of our feathered friends, but for clues it may offer to little-understood human genetic disorders.
Perhaps due to the growth in value of Ether, SingularDTV announces the creation of a new entertainment studio.
On August 16, 2017, SingularDTV announced the launch of an entertainment division that will finance, produce, and distribute its own original content, in addition to acquiring exclusive content.
Co-founder of SingularDTV Kim Jackson will serve as President of Entertainment, providing leadership and direction for the studio's media goals. She will be joined by film distribution executive Jason Tyrrell, who will be the team's Vice President of Content. Tyrrell, who has a decade of experience, will lead the studio's plans for acquisition and distribution.
In a short statement, Jackson recounted the development of SingularDTV and its possibilities: “SingularDTV grew out of the need for a profitable revenue model for independent artists. With blockchain technology we are developing tools for a new entertainment economy, that will empower artists and provide a profitable new value exchange with audiences.”
Tyrrell remarked on the tremendous capabilities of SingularDTV's technology and the impact that the company will have on the entertainment industry:
"SingularDTV's groundbreaking approach to production and distribution is radically altering the entertainment landscape, creating a new ecosystem in which creatives can operate with complete autonomy and an unprecedented degree of transparency. I can't wait to share our vision with filmmakers and consumers across the world."
SingularDTV has the distinction of crowdfunding $7.5 million worth of Ether in less than 20 minutes back in October of 2016. Since then, the value of Ether has skyrocketed from approximately $12 to a current estimate of around $300, ballooning the crowd-sourced funds to around $187 million (assuming the company kept its funds in Ether). This increase in value could explain SingularDTV's expansion into new avenues of content creation and acquisition, as the company could now be sitting on a massive amount of capital.
SingularDTV will reveal details about its original content at a later time, and ETHNews will report these developments as they are announced.
BERKELEY, Calif. – Chants of “Whose university? Our university!” rang from surrounding buildings as over 1,000 students, campus workers and faculty packed Sproul Plaza, historic protest site on the University of California campus here, for a noontime rally Oct. 7.
The gathering, part of a National Day of Action to Defend Public Education, protested campus cutbacks that have resulted in burgeoning class sizes, soaring tuition and fees, layoffs of faculty and campus workers, and students forced to stay in school longer, building up their student loans. Speakers also highlighted the contrast between bulging paychecks of top administrators and the meager wages of graduate student instructors and campus workers.
Among speakers was geography professor Richard Walker, who charged the university community is “being lied to” by the UC system and by state officials. “They tell you we have to cut staff and child care subsidies,” he said, “but where's the list of vice chancellors being cut?” Walker warned that the plan “is to cut down on professors and bring in more teaching assistants.”
Meanwhile, graduate student instructors (GSIs) face serious pressures of their own. One such instructor, a young woman who teaches comparative literature, told the crowd that while she and other GSIs face added pressures from increased class sizes, they have been working without a contract since last April. The graduate student instructors are demanding a living wage – they say the $16,000/year they currently receive doesn't begin to cover their living and education expenses, and subsidies of just $450 per semester don't come near covering child care costs of GSIs who are parents.
“This is the same university that says graduate students are essential to the university. But they treat us as disposable,” she said.
Katherine Renfro, a member of University Professional and Technical Employees (UPTE), told the crowd UPTE members have been working without a contract for two years. Accusing the university of “refusing to bargain in good faith,” Renfro said the UC system has been outsourcing jobs and cutting needed positions at the same time it imposes fee hikes.
Among the crowd were Ami Sugiarto and Eduardo Altamirano. Sugiarto, a linguistics major who is transferring to UC Berkeley from a community college, said she was promised significant financial aid, but with the crisis and nearly 100-day delay in California's budget, what she has received to date “isn't even enough to pay my registration fees.” She said she is now rethinking her education plans.
Altamirano, a student at Chabot Community College in Hayward, said he and others have been unable to get into some classes, while at the same time, classes have become more crowded.
Graduate Student Instructor Erica Levin, who teaches film and media studies, said as class sections are cut, instructors who used to work with 36 students are now coping with classes of 60 and 70. With the university pressing to keep enrollment high, undergraduate students are suffering most, she said.
“The university's priorities are shifting away from education,” Levin said. “The budget issues are real. But access to classes and instruction should be a much higher priority.”
Students, workers and faculty also rallied at other California colleges and universities, including San Francisco State University, California State University East Bay, UC Merced, UCLA and others.
Similar protests spanned the country. In Minneapolis, University of Minnesota students rallied to condemn growing “corporatization” of the university, soaring tuition costs and the university's growing preoccupation with securing funds for research. “It's not your learning potential, but your earning potential, that matters here,” Professor Eva von Dassow told the crowd. AFSCME leader Phyllis Walker warned that when “front-line staff” are laid off, students also suffer. Student Courtney Bell said tuition hikes “are making it harder for students such as myself to come to the University of Minnesota and succeed.”
At Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge, students, faculty and staff held a jazz funeral to protest state budget cuts, and in New York City, Hunter College held a die-in. The University of Georgia put on a “celebration of education” and the University of Massachusetts, Amherst staged a week-long walk across the state.
Photo: A section of the protest crowd at UC Berkeley's Sproul Plaza, Oct. 7. (PW/Marilyn Bechtel)
Are you surprised by the manner – and scale – in which the Australian public supported the KFC Big Bash this season?
Anthony Everard: The aspiration was to continue to grow BBL across all of our metrics this year – attendance, TV ratings, merchandise sales etc. Probably the scale of growth in some of those areas surprised us, and the 80,000 attendee game at the MCG is a great example of that. Associated with that match were record merchandise sales, which almost cleared the Stars out of their stock for the season. In a general sense we were pleased with the continued growth.
Keep in mind, the growth we experienced this year is not unique to BBL|05 – we've grown every year.
What do you put the success of the season down to?
AE: A combination of factors. With only 32 games to schedule (excluding finals), placing every single game on a particular night in a particular market is crucial; if you get it wrong by a week, or even a day, it can cost you 10,000 fans. We had almost our perfect schedule this year.
And we shouldn't underestimate the role that Channel 10 play in supporting BBL. The Project was brilliant in that respect, and that was something we'd identified as an opportunity. Last year the Sydney market wasn't as engaged on a per capita basis as some of the other markets around the country, so we put a strategy in place this year to try and make sure that Sydney at least matched, if not bettered, the level of engagement around the country.
WATCH: The funny and freaky of BBL|05
So on the opening night we had the Sydney Smash at Spotless Stadium, we had our season launch in Sydney the week before that, and in partnership with Channel Ten we moved The Project to their Sydney studio in the week that the tournament began.
We also felt that if we got pre-Christmas games off to a strong start, we'd be well placed because we've never struggled from Boxing Day and beyond. So we had eight games before Christmas, which is a quarter of the regular season. We invested quite a bit in getting that schedule right and promoting those games. By the time we got to the 23rd of December, we'd had really strong ratings and just about a record attendance in each of those markets. So we felt we'd weathered our most challenging period knowing that the upside was ahead.
From December 26 onwards, we almost broke a new record every night, culminating in our 100,000 day on January 2 (80,000 for the Melbourne derby, 20,000 in Perth), which was great, and that momentum continued right through until finals.
Looking ahead to BBL|06, are Christmas Eve or Christmas Day matches on the agenda?
AE: They're on the agenda for consideration but it's early days. There are a whole lot of stakeholder groups we'd need to engage – not least of which are the players, to get their input. The broadcaster as well. We see them as two different propositions. Christmas Eve falls on a Saturday this year (2016), so a Saturday twilight game on Christmas Eve in the right market could work. If that became a serious consideration, we'd put it out to the clubs and see who was interested. Done the right way, that could become what we call an 'icon date'. There's an opportunity for a club to own that date.
WATCH: Top 10 batting performances of BBL|05
Christmas Day is a whole different proposition. It wouldn't just be another Big Bash game, we'd look to create an event around it. We could look to partner with perhaps a children's charity for the day, and by extension, invite everyone attending the game to bring a present to donate to kids less fortunate than themselves. There are a lot of people on Christmas Day who aren't fortunate enough to have family and friends around. Perhaps a BBL game could create an outlet to bring those people together. But whatever we decide, it would have to add value to the day – we don't want to go against years of family tradition. The final element is that not all Australians celebrate a traditional Christmas. That's not a reason to do it in its own right but we need to think more broadly that Christmas Day means different things to different people. Sport on Christmas day has worked in the US, and there are some learnings from that we could look into further.
The Big Bash seems to have found its fit in the school holidays. Would you consider expanding the window?
AE: We've still got plenty of empty seats; notwithstanding the success that we've had, it's not like every venue is bursting at the seams and there's excess demand that we currently can't service. So we're encouraged by the public's response to BBL over the last five years. Anecdotally there seems to be an appetite for more content, but there are a whole lot of different options on the table as to how we could deliver that. Professional cricket services Australia's major capitals well, between Tests, ODIs, BBL, Shield, Matador Cup, but there are a whole lot of regional centres that are craving access to elite cricket. Maybe BBL plays a role in that.
Based on a couple of the initiatives we trialled this year with the schedule, specifically the late-night double-header and then also the twilight game on the east coast – 4-7pm – followed by the 7-10pm game, also on the east coast, both of which were successful in terms of a ratings perspective and attendance, that gives us freedom for time slots within that window. We already play 35 games in 39 days, so there's not a lot of room to grow horizontally, but based on the success of those trials, it's feasible that we could play a handful more games within the existing window.
It was scrapped before the 2015 edition, but do you support the concept of a Champions League tournament?
AE: Very much so. It creates a really positive extra dimension to BBL. I know the players really crave the opportunity to test themselves against some of the best domestic T20 players in the world outside our own competition. Feedback from players over previous years who have played has been very positive, and I think the fans are generally supportive of seeing their clubs test themselves against the best in the world once they've reached the top of the BBL mountain. So philosophically yes, but the challenge has always been finding, from a scheduling perspective, when is the right time to play it and in what format that works commercially, which ultimately was the undoing of the previous edition.
Some fans want to see more international players in the competition. Is the number of internationals allowed per club (two) likely to change?
AE: No, that's not on the agenda of change for the foreseeable future at this stage.
West Indian Chris Gayle fell afoul of the League's powerbrokers this season – would he be welcome back to the competition?
AE: The short answer is it's a hypothetical because he's out of contract. As far as we are aware, no clubs at this stage are in any form of discussions with him.
What value is there for clubs in including Australia reps on their roster such as Steve Smith, if they're unavailable for the duration – or the vast majority – of the season?
AE: We want to come up with a solution that ensures to the best of our ability the Australian players are involved in some form. Five years in, there aren't many surprises for clubs when they do their contracting; the BBL season is reasonably settled, as is the Test series at the front end of BBL and the ODI series at the back end. So they're in as good a position as they've ever been to manage their squads, knowing the scheduling landscape is fairly predictable. They have a squad of 18 players that they can contract, and we also introduced a rule last year which meant if a contracted player gets called up for national duty, they can bring in a local replacement player, so they're not caught short. That in its own right at least provides them with more flexibility to be able to carry some Australian players on their books.
What about Australia player availability for BBL finals – is there a perfect fix there?
AE: We're going to sit down as part of our season review with the clubs at the start of March, and we'll invite Pat Howard (CA's Executive General Manager, Team Performance) and his team along to have a pretty open discussion around how the current system is working. If there was an easy alternative, we would have found it by now.
We respect the fact that the national team remains the premiere form of the game, and players aspire to represent Australia and win games of cricket. Inevitably there's going to be some tension there, and in some cases, conflict, because the BBL would love to have their best players available for finals.
WATCH: Best of BBL|05 players on the mic
I don't necessarily think the onus is on the Australian selectors or the high performance department to solve that. I think there's potentially a solution around scheduling of finals within the international window – could we create a window for BBL finals that avoids the problem altogether? It's never going to be perfect – you have injuries, guys returning from injury, overseas tours following the BBL season, World Cups – that's the world we live in. So we have to be careful. We could go to extraordinary lengths to try and solve a problem which, given all those other moving parts around the BBL season, we may never quite be able to get perfect, but certainly the aspiration is to have Australian representatives playing in the competition, and the finals, as much as we possibly can.
What is the likelihood of seeing Indian players in BBL|06?
AE: It's out of our hands. The Indian players are no different to players from any other country in that they require a 'no-objection certificate' from their board. To date, the BCCI haven't provided that clearance, and they're of course within their rights to take that position.
We'd be absolutely delighted if the Indian players were given the green light to participate in BBL, and we genuinely think they would add a lot of value to the spectacle. But it's not the be-all and end-all for us. As we've seen in the past couple of years, the BBL has experienced phenomenal growth, and I think any fan watching a BBL game on TV or going to a game know they're going to get a fantastic mix of talent both domestically and from overseas.
When there's something strange someone gets stabbed in your neighborhood prisonyard, who you gonna call? Ghostbusters. The Excruciating Pain Laser Ray-Gun. Hoho, look at those perps burn!
An advanced laser weapon that feels like a painful blast of hot air is to be used in a US prison to break up fights for the first time.
The Assault Intervention Device fires a focused beam of energy at the target which authorities hope will stop prisoners fighting as they scramble to get out of the way. The device is controlled by a joystick and computer monitor and emits a beam up to 100 feet. The wave travels at the speed of light and penetrates the skin up to 1/64 of an inch. 'I equate it to opening an oven door and feeling that blast of hot air, except instead of being all over me, it's more focused...'
Are you thinking what I'm thinking? If you answered, "disguise a laser pain-ray as a DIRECTV dish and blast the f*** out of everyone that runs by the house," you are! Quick -- jogger at 11 o'clock! *pew pew* BWAHAHAHAHA -- they ran into traffic! *CRASH!* Close the blinds.
Hit the jump for a relatively crappy news report in which one old guy takes a blast to the ticker.
Prison to use 'excruciating' laser pain ray to control unruly inmates [dailymail]
Thanks to Rob, who controls inmates the old fashioned way: brainwashing.
Luke Shaw was the apparent target of Jose Mourinho's criticsm
Adam Lallana has defended former team-mate Luke Shaw from apparent criticism by Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho.
Shaw and centre-back Chris Smalling appeared to be the subject of Mourinho's disapproval after United's 3-1 win at Swansea, which the left-back missed with injury.
Mourinho argued there are those who are brave and "ones for whom a little pain can make a difference."
But Lallana says Shaw - who missed much of last season after breaking his leg in September last year - is a tough player both mentally and physically.
Adam Lallana says Shaw is mentally and physically strong
"I was with Luke Shaw at Southampton," he told the Daily Star.
"He's a very strong boy. He's had a horrific leg injury. You don't come back from that without being mentally and physically strong.
"You don't come back from a leg break like he had without having difficult times mentally on your own."
Several months back I had built an ESXi Virtual Appliance that allows anyone to quickly stand up a fully functional Nested ESXi VM which includes guest customization such as networking, NTP, syslog, passwords, etc. The virtual appliance was initially built for my own personal use as I found myself constantly rebuilding my lab environment for evaluating and breaking new VMware software. I figured if this was useful for myself, it probably could benefit others at VMware and I posted the details internally on our Socialcast forum. Since then, I have received numerous stories on how helpful the ESXi Virtual Appliance has been for both our Field and Engineering for setting up demos, POCs, evaluations, etc.
Most recently, I was contacted by Massimo Re Ferre' (crazy Mainframe guy ;)) who works over in our Cloud Native Apps team and was working on a pretty cool project with Photon Controller which was recently open sourced. He was interested in leveraging the ESXi Virtual Appliance along with using VMware AppCatalyst to make it super simple for anyone to try out the Photon Controller in their own environment. Over the last couple of weeks, I have been working closely with Massimo on incorporating on his requirements for the Photon Controller POC back into my ESXi Virtual Appliance. My original goal for the appliance was to keep it generic so that it could cater to multiple use cases and Photon Controller POC was just another neat solution that could be built on top of.
I just found out today that new Photon Controller POC has just been released and you can find more details in the links below:
As part of the release, the ESXi Virtual Appliance is also made avialable which I thought was pretty cool! 😀 I highly recommend you check out the awesome work done by Massimo if you want to play with Photon Controller. This is a really easy way of getting started with Photon Controller and giving it a spin in your own environment.
Since the ESXi Virtual Appliance is now available externally, I wanted to share a few details about the appliance for those who might be interested in checking it out. As I mentioned earlier, the goal of the ESXi Virtual Appliance was to be generic and to be used as a build block that could enable different use cases such as spinning up a quick vSphere lab using it and the VCSA or putting together a fully functional VSAN lab in literally a couple of minutes (at the very bottom, I have a couple of PowerCLI scripts to demonstrate this). You could deploy 3 instances of the appliance to get a basic 3 Node VSAN Cluster or you could scale up to 64 Node VSAN Cluster all within just minutes. The limit is truly your imagination.
The appliance contains a pre-installed GA release of ESXi 6.0 Update 1. There are 11 OVF properties that are available for customizing the Nested ESXi VM which are shown in the table below. Once powered on, the default 60 day evaluation will start counting down as if you had manually installed ESXi yourself. In addition, the OVA also contains several optimizations for running Nested ESXi including the Mac Learn dvFilter params as well as other configurations for quickly setting up a VSAN environment which are also described below. I have also built the appliance to be easily consume in all VMware based environments including vSphere, vCloud Air, Fusion, Workstation, Player & AppCatalyst.
UPDATE (05/10/17) - Updated VA to the latest ESXi 6.0u3 & 6.5d (vSAN 6.6)
UPDATE (05/09/17) - The ESXi 5.5u3 has been decommissioned due to its limited use.
ESXi 5.5 Virtual Appliance download link (Decommissioned)
UPDATE (11/18/16) - ESXi 6.5 Virtual Appliance has been released and you can find the details here.
UPDATE (04/07/16) - Minor bug fix with refreshing auto-generated SSL Certificates, the latest version is v5 for 6.0u2 VA and v2 for 5.5u3 VA
UPDATE (03/18/16) - I updated the ESXi 6.0 VA using vSphere 6.0 Update 2. It is now back to vHW10 for backwards compat and includes an All-Flash configuration + 2 VMXNET3 adapters and ready for VSAN 6.2 😀
UPDATE (03/01/16) - I have also created a new ESXi 5.5 VA using vSphere 5.5 Update 3b
OVF Property Description Type guestinfo.hostname FQDN of the ESXi host string guestinfo.ipaddress IP Address string guestinfo.vlan VLAN ID string guestinfo.netmask Netmask string guestinfo.gateway Gateway string guestinfo.dns DNS Server string guestinfo.domain DNS Domain string guestinfo.ntp NTP Server string guestinfo.ssh Whether or not SSH is enabled boolean guestinfo.syslog Syslog Server string guestinfo.password Root password for ESXi host string guestinfo.createvmfs Whether to automatically creates a VMFS datastore (datastore1) on largest VMDK boolean
The ESXi 6.x Virtual Appliance includes the following configuration:
ESXi 6.0 Update 2
GuestType: ESXi 5.x (backwards compat)
vHW 10
2 vCPU
6GB vMEM
2 x vmxnet3 vNIC
1 x 2GB HDD (ESXi Installation)
1 x 4GB SSD (for use w/VSAN, empty by default)
1 x 8GB SSD (for use w/VSAN, empty by default)
VHV added (more info here)
dvFilter Mac Learn VMX params added (more info here)
disk.enableUUID VMX param added
VSAN traffic tagged on vmk0
Disabled VSAN device monitoring for home labs (more info here)
The ESXi 5.x Virtual Appliance includes the following configuration:
ESXi 5.5 Update 3b
GuestType: ESXi 5.x
vHW 10
2 vCPU
6GB vMEM
2 x vmxnet3 vNIC
1 x 2GB HDD (ESXi Installation)
1 x 4GB SSD (for use w/VSAN, empty by default)
1 x 8GB HDD (for use w/VSAN, empty by default)
VHV added (more info here)
dvFilter Mac Learn VMX params added (more info here)
disk.enableUUID VMX param added
VSAN traffic tagged on vmk0
Disabled VSAN device monitoring for home labs (more info here)
ESXi Embedded Host Client (more info here)
If you do not wish to use VSAN, there is an OVF property that allows you to specify whether or not a default VMFS datastore is created. You can increase the capacity of any of the disks after deployment (if you wish for the automatically VMFS creation, you will need to expand the disk prior to powering on the VM). Below are the different methods in which you can deploy the ESXi Virtual Appliance which includes vSphere, vCloud Air, Fusion, Workstation, Player & AppCatalyst. The idea is that you can easily setup Nested ESXi on any VMware based hypervisor and be up and running in just minutes!
Option 1 - Deploy to vSphere environment w/vCenter Server or vCloud Air
Download the OVA (or you can just paste the URL link) and import that into your vCenter Server using the vSphere Web Client. Make sure to accept the "Extra Configuration" when prompted and then fill out the 11 OVF properties which will allow you to customize the Nested ESXi VM to your environment. If you wish to increase the VMDK capacity and automatically have a VMFS datastore created for you automatically, be sure to expand the VMDK prior to powering on the VM. Once powered on, the customization process will start and in a few minutes you should have a fully functional Nested ESXi VM. Below are a couple of screenshots
Option 2 - Deploy to ESXi
Download the OVA and import it into ESXi using either the vSphere C# Client but do not power it on. Since ESXi does not support OVF properties, you will need to add the following guestinfo*. properties as shown in "Option 3" below by using the VM Advanced Settings UI.
If you prefer NOT to mess around with manually adding these VM Advanced Settings which can also be automated using the vSphere API or PowerCLI, one additional method which CAN make use of the OVF properties is by using ovftool which is a CLI to import the OVA and using the --injectOvfEnv option that was added in ovftool version 4.x You can find more details in this blog post here.
Option 3 - Deploy to VMware Workstation, Fusion or Player
Download the OVA and import it into Fusion/Workstation but do not power it on. You will then need to edit the VMX file and add the following guestinfo.* properties as shown below since Fusion/Workstation do not support OVF properties. If you wish to increase the VMDK capacity and automatically have a VMFS datastore created for you automatically, be sure to expand the VMDK prior to powering on the VM. Once you have saved the changes, you can then power on the Nested ESXi VM and the customization process will start and in a few minutes you should have a fully functional Nested ESXi VM.
guestinfo.hostname = "vsan-1.primp-industries.com" guestinfo.ipaddress = "172.16.78.90" guestinfo.netmask = "255.255.255.0" guestinfo.gateway = "172.16.78.1" guestinfo.dns = "172.16.78.1" guestinfo.domain = "primp-industries.com" guestinfo.ntp = "172.16.78.1" guestinfo.ssh = "True" guestinfo.syslog = "192.168.1.100" guestinfo.password = "VMware1!" guestinfo.createvmfs = "False" 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 guestinfo . hostname = "vsan-1.primp-industries.com" guestinfo . ipaddress = "172.16.78.90" guestinfo . netmask = "255.255.255.0" guestinfo . gateway = "172.16.78.1" guestinfo . dns = "172.16.78.1" guestinfo . domain = "primp-industries.com" guestinfo . ntp = "172.16.78.1" guestinfo . ssh = "True" guestinfo . syslog = "192.168.1.100" guestinfo . password = "VMware1!" guestinfo . createvmfs = "False"
Option 4 - Deploy to VMware AppCatalyst
Download the the OVA and import that into AppCatalyst using ovftool but do not power it on. You will then need to edit the VMX file and add the following guestinfo.* properties as in the above example for Workstation/Fusion in addition to the following params listed below which are required for Nested ESXi to run in AppCatalyst. If you wish to increase the VMDK capacity and automatically have a VMFS datastore created for you automatically, be sure to expand the VMDK prior to powering on the VM.
guestos = "vmkernel6" virtualhw.version = "11" svga.vgaOnly = "true" 1 2 3 guestos = "vmkernel6" virtualhw . version = "11" svga . vgaOnly = "true"
You will also need to run the following command to allow promiscuous mode in AppCatalyst since there's no UI to prompt (this is only required once):
touch "/Library/Preferences/VMware AppCatalyst/promiscAuthorized"
Once you have saved the changes, you can then power on the Nested ESXi VM and the customization process will start and in a few minutes you should have a fully functional Nested ESXi VM.
Option 5 - Deploy to vSphere using PowerCLI
I have also created two very simple PowerCLI scripts which demonstrates how you can easily deploy N-number of these Nested ESXi VMs and in fact, you can setup a fully functional VSAN Cluster in just under 5 minutes! You can find the two scripts below:
The first script will perform the deployment of the Nested ESXi VM, but you will first need to convert the OVA to an OVF because the Get-OvfConfiguration cmdlet does not support OVA. To properly convert the OVA, you will need ovftool and then run the following command:
ovftool.exe --allowAllExtraConfig --skipManifestCheck Nested_ESXi_Appliance.ova Nested_ESXi_Appliance.ovf
The second script will go ahead and add the deployed Nested ESXi VMs to a vSphere Cluster and then enable VSAN on the vSphere Cluster.
To the Editor:
Re “It's Not Too Late to Learn From Our Mistakes,” by Nicholas Kristof (column, Sept. 3):
The answer to why Congress doesn't act on climate change is simple political hydraulics.
The Supreme Court let unlimited money into politics. The fossil fuel industry has unlimited money and, according to the International Monetary Fund, a multi-hundred-billion-dollar subsidy to protect. The fossil fuel industry used its unlimited money (and related threats) to capture the Republican Party. Climate change then became “partisan” and untouchable.
It's actually not that complicated.
The Supreme Court's Republican appointees got in the habit of doing what they were told by the forces that appointed them (which include the fossil fuel industry, which asked for the Citizens United decision), and in a fateful combination of obedience and political ignorance, they wrecked our politics.
Before Citizens United there were multiple bipartisan climate bills every year; afterward, none.
SHELDON WHITEHOUSE
NEWPORT, R.I.
The writer, a Democrat, is a United States senator from Rhode Island.
Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption The Lifetime Isa is designed to help people save throughout adulthood
It looks like free money. An absolute no brainer, even.
But while the Treasury has confirmed that the Lifetime Individual Savings Account (Lisa) will go ahead in April, others have raised doubts about the whole idea.
The Nationwide has announced it will be boycotting the product, claiming that it is too complicated.
Others, like Standard Life and Fidelity, will launch a Lisa, but not in time for the April start date.
Nevertheless one provider - Hargreaves Lansdown - has announced it will launch one by 6 April 2017.
That will give some savers the chance to earn up to £32,000 in government bonuses.
But critics are warning not just that the product is complex, but that it could leave some investors worse off.
And should you want your money back at any stage, you could pay dearly.
What is a Lifetime Isa?
Image copyright Thinkstock
It is a savings product, designed to help people at two different points in their lifetime:
When they want to buy their first house or flat
or
When they want to retire
Savers can only open a Lisa if they are between the ages of 18 and 39 inclusive. They can pay in up to £4,000 a year, but no more. At the end of the first year, the government will add a 25% bonus, ie up to £1,000. From 2018/19, this bonus will be paid monthly. Since you can continue paying into a Lisa up until the age of 50, the potential eventual bonus is up to £32,000.
For most people, this is more generous than the Help to Buy Isa (see below).
How is the money invested?
As with ordinary Individual Savings Accounts (Isas), the money can be invested as cash - or in stocks and shares.
Cash Lisas are expected to pay out the same as Isas. Currently the best instant access rates are around 1% a year.
Such returns are in addition to the government bonus.
Alternatively the money can be invested in stocks and shares, which have potentially higher returns, but which carry greater risk too.
All gains are free of income and capital gains tax.
What are the rules if you want to buy a home?
Image copyright Thinkstock
The money can only be used without penalty if you are a first-time buyer. In other words, you cannot have owned a property before.
The property cannot cost more than £450,000. This is more generous than the Help to Buy Isa, which is limited to £250,000 outside London, but £450,000 in the capital.
Two partners can each use their own Lisas to buy a house together, potentially doubling the government contribution.
A home bought through a Lisa cannot normally be rented out.
What if you want to use the money when you retire?
Once you are over the age of 60, you can withdraw money from a Lisa and use it for whatever you like.
In addition to being used by first-time buyers, it is therefore an alternative to a pension.
A pension is tax free when you pay into it - so the taxman contributes an extra 25% to the amount paid in by basic rate taxpayers - but money taken out after the age of 55 is taxable.
A Lisa is the exact reverse: you will have already paid tax on contributions into it, but money taken out will be tax-free.
Image copyright Thinkstock
Could I use a Lisa instead of a pension?
Most experts urge real caution here.
Anyone who is paying into a workplace pension can expect contributions to be made by an employer, which are likely to be more valuable than the annual Lisa bonus.
The exceptions to this might include:
Those not paying in to a workplace pension - such as self-employed people, or non-working parents
Those who have secured the maximum employer contribution on their workplace pension, and want to save more
Those who are up to their lifetime, or annual limit, on pension contributions
"In most other situations, a pension will make more sense," says Tom McPhail, retirement specialist with Hargreaves Lansdown.
"This is particularly relevant for anyone who can join a workplace pension and benefit from employer contributions."
There could also be a difference in the age at which you are entitled to withdraw money from a pension and a Lisa.
Those currently under 40 - and therefore eligible for a Lisa - will need to be at least 57 before they are able to take money from their pension.
This age will rise further as the state pension age also rises.
Those with Lisas will not be able to withdraw money penalty-free until the age of 60.
Image copyright Thinkstock
What if I need the money sooner?
You can only withdraw money penalty-free if you are buying your first home, you are over 60, or if you have a terminal illness.
All other withdrawals will incur an apparently hefty 25% exit charge, except in the first year (2017/18). See more below.
This breaks down as 20% to recover the bonus, plus an additional 5%. That 5% is partly to make up for the investment growth on the bonus itself.
Nevertheless one investment firm has calculated that the charge could mean an investor losing around 45% of the growth in the value of the Lisa, assuming he or she had it for 10 years, and it were to grow by 4% a year.
"It is disappointing to see the government pushing ahead with an exit fee that looks overly punitive if people unexpectedly need access to their savings," said Tom Selby, an analyst with AJ Bell.
Lisa Caplan, head of financial advice at Nutmeg, warns that some savers could actually lose money.
"If you invest £4,000, you get a 25% top up from the government to make £5,000. If you withdraw early, you will be penalised by 25% which is £1,250, so you will be left with £3,750, 6.5% less than your initial investment."
When will the bonus be paid?
In the first year (2017/18) the bonus will be paid at the end of the 12 month period. In subsequent years it will be paid on a monthly basis.
In December 2016 the government said this was the reason why the exit penalty would be not be applied in the first year - as otherwise some investors might have to pay the penalty before they had received the bonus.
The ISA family Individual Savings Account (Isa) Simple tax-free savings account. Up to £15,240 can be invested in cash or stocks and shares. Limit rises to £20,000 in April 2017. Junior Isa Similar to Isa, but for under 18s. Anyone - eg grandparents - can pay into it. Maximum yearly contribution: £4,080 Help to Buy Isa Anyone over 16 can invest. Government adds 25% bonus, to a max of £3000, for those buying a first home. Lifetime Isa (Lisa) For those aged 18 - 39. Government adds 25% bonus each year, up to max of £32,000. Can be used for buying a first home, or for retirement. Innovative Finance Isa Money gets invested in peer-to-peer lending. Returns are better than cash Isas, but money is at risk.
Help to Buy Isa, or Lifetime Isa?
Both products pay a 25% bonus if you are buying a house for the first time. But if you plan to save for more than five years, or if you can afford to put more than £2,400 a year in to the plan, a Lisa will typically be more generous.
Here's why:
You can put more money into a Lisa (£4,000 a year, v, £2,400 a year into a HTB Isa, plus £1,200 when it is opened)
The Lisa pays a bonus at the end of each year. The HTB bonus is only added when you buy a house. So the Lisa will benefit from annual compound interest, boosting savings.
The maximum bonus for a Lisa is £32,000, v £3,000 for a HTB Isa.
Lisas can be used to buy a property up to £450,000 anywhere in the UK. Outside London, HTB Isas are limited to homes worth less than £250,000.
The Lisa bonus will be available for exchange of contracts. The bonus on the HTB Isa is only payable on completion.
HTB Isas can only be opened up to 30 November 2019.
Image copyright Thinkstock
Can I save into both?
Yes, you can save into a Help to Buy Isa and a Lisa at the same time, subject to the annual limits. But you can only use the bonus from one to buy a property.
If you use the HTB bonus, you would then be subject to a 25% exit penalty on the Lisa, even if you use those funds to buy a home.
If you use the Lisa to buy a home, you won't get the 25% bonus on the HTB Isa.
So it will make sense for many people to transfer funds from a HTB Isa into a Lisa from April 2017.
From that date, the total amount you will be allowed to save in all Isas will be £20,000 a year.
One other warning: because Lifetime Isas are savings accounts, money in them can affect your entitlement to benefit payments.
Some NHS staff have had to confirm they are not robots to use Google
Google is mistaking high traffic from the NHS network for a cyberattack, with some staff members being temporarily blocked from accessing its search engine.
The problem is affecting access to the US search giant across the NHS network, with many users being asked to fill in a form to confirm they are not a robot before they are able to access the site.
An email sent to staff from the IT department at one NHS Trust said: "Google is intermittently blocking access due to the amount of traffic from NHS trusts nationally.
"This is causing Google to think it is suffering a cyberattack.
"We are advising staff to use an alternative search engine ie Bing to bypass the problem."
NHS Digital confirmed the problem, saying: "We are aware of the current issue concerning NHS IP addresses which occasionally results in users being directed to a simple verification form when accessing Google.
"This would appear to be due to the high number of people using our systems and trying to access Google at peak times. We are currently in discussion with Google to help resolve the issue."
It is unclear what is causing the increased traffic from the NHS, one of the world's five largest employers with around 1.5 million staff.
Kat Hall, from technology website The Register, first reported the issue.
She told Sky News: "It's possible there has been an unexpected surge in traffic, and given the sheer size of the NHS network Google automatically took preventative measures, or it could be due to a change in Google's algorithms.
"There's also the possibility that some malware has been detected on the NHS's broadband network."
Google said its systems were working correctly.
The company said the problem could be caused by a network sending automated traffic or the presence of malware on a computer within a network.
Image copyright National Australia Day Council Image caption Prof Alan Mackay-Sim is a global authority on the biology of nasal cells
A biomedical scientist who helped restore mobility in a quadriplegic person for the first time has been named 2017's Australian of the Year.
Prof Alan Mackay-Sim, from Queensland, has spent decades researching spinal cord injuries.
A leader in stem cell research, Prof Mackay-Sim's work has been credited with prompting groundbreaking advances.
Australia's most prestigious civic honour is awarded each year to a person considered a national role model.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull presented Prof Mackay-Sim with the award at a ceremony in Canberra on Wednesday.
The Griffith University emeritus professor was honoured ahead of finalists from the seven other states and territories, including refugee and lawyer Deng Adut, who had been considered the frontrunner.
Breakthrough research
Prof Mackay-Sim has been described as a global authority on the biology of nasal cells, which he used in a world-first clinical trial to treat spinal cord injury.
According to Griffith University, the trial was central to a 2014 operation that restored mobility to Polish man Darek Fidyka, who was paralysed from the chest down after a knife attack.
Image copyright National Australia Day Council Image caption Prof Mackay-Sim has spent decades researching spinal cord injuries
Prof Mackay-Sim also spent a decade as director of the National Centre for Adult Stem Cell Research, investigating the biological bases of brain disorders and diseases including schizophrenia, Parkinson's disease and hereditary spastic paraplegia.
Passing the baton
Prof Mackay-Sim succeeds former army chief and equality advocate David Morrison, who has used his platform to promote diversity and inclusion.
In his final speech as Australian of the Year on Wednesday, Mr Morrison highlighted domestic violence and the gender pay gap as issues that still challenged the nation.
He also rejected criticism the awards had become too political.
"The award of Australian of the Year is not without its critics," he said.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption David Morrison gives his valedictory speech on Wednesday
"But I think it is one of the ways we, as citizens of this great country, can for a moment or hopefully longer focus on what makes us who we are."
The Australian of the Year awards are announced on the eve of Australia Day each year.
Other recent winners include Rosie Batty, an anti-domestic violence campaigner, Adam Goodes, a sportsman and advocate for indigenous and youth issues, and Ita Buttrose, a media personality who has championed education and health.
Other 2017 awards
Young Australian of the Year: Fashion designer Paul Vasileff, 26, has had his acclaimed work featured on runways around the world, and won admiration for establishing a couture label in Adelaide that employs 13 people.
Senior Australian of the Year: Sister Anne Gardiner, 85, a Catholic nun who moved to the Tiwi Islands in the Northern Territory when she was 22, has been honoured for her community service and work to document and preserve the local Tiwi language.
Australia's Local Hero: Vicki Jellie raised A$5m (£3m; $3.8m) from the community, and A$25m from state and federal governments, to build a radiotherapy treatment centre in western Victoria, fulfilling the dream of her husband, Peter, who died of cancer in 2008.
A violent mob of more than a dozen men in France assaulted a Jew at his home in a Paris suburb after confirming that his photograph had been published by a French Facebook page identifying Jews to be targeted for physical intimidation, The Union of Jewish Students of France, the UEJF, said in a statement on Friday.
The Facebook page, ‘Jeunes Révolutionnaires FranÃ§ais', JRF, or ‘Young French Revolutionaries', posted the names and photos of 32 Jews. The assault on one of those listed took place on Thursday night in Bobigny, Seine-Saint-Denis, a Paris suburb. The assailants were armed with iron bars.
On the ‘Secret Tel Aviv' Facebook page, Daniel Cohen called the group anti-Semitic, and exhorted Facebook users to report the JRF page to site administrators for removal.
On Facebook, Cohen wrote, “An anti-Semitic page is publishing names and pictures of French Jews in order to target them physically! A few have already been attacked at their homes, one last night by 15 people on one Jewish guy. We need to remove this page!”
The JRF captioned its page with the photos of the Jews to be targeted, “Smile, you're caught! JRF watches! # AntiLDJ,” referring to the LDJ, the French initials of the Jewish Defense League, an organization created to teach Jews how to defend themselves from anti-Semitic attacks.
The title page of the group's Facebook presence features a large Palestinian flag and calls for members to attend a rally on Saturday in connection with the international Al Quds Day protests around the world where police are preparing for violence against Jews.
The UEJF condemned the page and provided testimony from the assaulted Jew in Bobigny, according to France's Le Monde Juif, or The Jewish World on Friday.
The UEJF said three men went to the victim's house and asked him, “Are you the guy in the photo on Facebook?”
They then said they were there to “break the Jew” and do to him “the same as Ilan Halimi,” a 23-year-old who was kidnapped and tortured for 24 days by a gang led by Youssouf Fofana, described by The Jewish Chronicle as, “the extraordinarily cruel, Paris-born fifth of seven children of immigrants from the Ivory Coast.”
Halimi was found naked, handcuffed and bound to a tree near a railway station in February, 2006, and his body had been mutilated. Still alive, he died on the way to hospital. Halimi's murder was made into a movie by French Jewish film director Alexandre Arcady entitled, 24 jours: la vérité sur l'affaire Ilan Halimi, or “24 Days: The Truth About the Ilan Hamili Affair,” inspired by a book with a similar title written by the victim's mother, Ruth.
In Bobigny, after they confirmed him to be the Jew in the photo, the three men were joined by 15 more, armed with iron bars, who assaulted the victim, the UEJF said. When another resident in the building appeared, the men fled the scene.
The UEJF said: “For several days, many Facebook pages have been created to encourage physical violence against young Jews. Photos were published, with the identities, phone numbers, and contact information. This young man was directly affected by such a Facebook page. It is unacceptable that the Jews are the target of Facebook calls to murder.”
The UEJF said it will file a complaint against the administrators of the Facebook page for incitement to racial hatred and incitement to violence.
In the French media, the LDJ has been blamed for calling for a strong reaction by Jews threatened with violence over the past two weeks since Israel began its Operation Protective Edge to stop Hamas's rocket fire from Gaza.
But Roger Cukierman, president of the CRIF, the umbrella organization representing the Jewish community in France, told The Daily Beast on Friday that LDJ was not instigating further violence, and those accusations were beside the point.
“I am shocked when I hear journalists saying if the De La Roquette synagogue was attacked, it is because of the Jews,” Cukierman told The Daily Beast. “This is propaganda.”
“We had eight synagogues being attacked,” he said. “I am worried about the fact that synagogues are being attacked and not worried about these self-defense groups.”
UPDATE: Facebook has removed the Jeunes Révolutionnaires FranÃ§ais page, which was no longer hosted on the social media platform, as of late Friday evening.
A reader of The Algemeiner reported the group to Facebook, which sent him a message to say that it has recognized JRF's “credible threat of violence” and removed its page.
Facebook's message noted that JRF was informed that its page had been removed, but not told who made the complaint.
Smart women and men in dark suits for business lunches strolled past the mirrors and pink sofas in the hotel lounge. Mr Marx, with lady secretary following, came across, travelling fast like a shark through the shoals of porters and pageboys – a small athletic figure with pale-blue suit, white tie, cigar between teeth and on his head a large white cap of the sort Gene Sarazen used to wear for golf. We greeted him and together made for the door. As we approached it, he put a hand out to slow us down for a moment: "Cricket, eh?" he said flatly and then headed towards a taxi.
Our attempts at ordinary conversation seemed unnecessary as Mr Marx sat there looking wary and sardonic, smoking away at his cigar. We said we hoped he wouldn't be bored coming to Lord's with us, that it was just the MCC playing Cambridge University – like Yale and the Dodgers – and that Cambridge would be fielding.
"Fielding?" said Mr Marx abstractedly. "Didn't he write Tom Brown's School Days?" Well, no, he wrote Tom Jones. "Tom Jones's School Days?" said Mr Marx looking out at the Edgware Road.
The taxi drew up at the Grace gates.Mr Marx was first out. He offered to pay for the taxi, holding out a neat brown hand with two florins in it: with this gesture, somehow, everyone relaxed. We bought his and Miss Hartford's tickets. "Come on, let's go," he commanded. We stepped forward into the ground as he wheeled round, cigar held in front of him, travelling through the gates. He accompanied us round the back of the stands, looking marvellously incongruous in his white cap. Could there be a game on? he asked; a baseball game in New York could be heard blocks away. He glanced sideways as we passed at the notice on Q stand which says "Members and friends", remarking: "That's the most ambiguous thing I've ever heard."
We rounded the back of the pavilion and there it was. The ground was practically empty: a hundred people outside the Tavern, a few in the stands, 20 or 30 members in front of the pavilion. The players, one of them an Indian in a pink turban, in two motionless groups waiting for a new batsman. The scoreboard said 74 for 5. The place was quite silent. It looked like rain.
We sat down in the front seat of A stand: we were alone there. Mr Marx's eyes went round: "Is it always as crowded as this? Does it get enough money to pay for the ball?" He continued observing the scene. "What a wonderful cure for insomnia. If you can't sleep here, you really need an analyst. Doesn't that maharajah with the whiskers get tired pitching? Even the men in the tradesmen's coats are trying not to watch it. Umpires, eh?"
He noticed the small crowd in front of the Tavern, asked if that was where they put the dead bodies. We explained there was a bar there open all day. How long did the game go on? From 11.30 to 6.30. "Boy, by six-thoity they must be really loaded," he reflected.
We began to talk seriously about sports: he asked whether we had ever attended a ball game and hearing that we once had, questioned us closely to establish exactly which one it had been. He was sure cricket was a good game once you learned about it. He discussed tennis, said his son ranked 12th in the United States. Mentioned that he'd seen Budge Patty, who is a friend of his, in Paris.
He questioned us on amateurs and professionals: then asked how English society had changed since the war, from that he mentioned the recent Supreme Court decision about the education of negroes in the United States. We asked whether the southern states would be able to get round it: the drift of times was against them, he thought.
"And children don't think like their fathers," he remarked sagely. His conversation on such subjects was mellow and tolerant, with only the faintest hint of other possibilities.
Would Mr Marx like to visit the pavilion? On the way, a spectator leaned over with his scorecard. "It is Mr Groucho Marx, isn't it?" Groucho signed with a sudden accusation: "Were you the guy making all the noise back there?"
As we approached the door of the pavilion, we explained that this really was the altar of English cricket, a venerable palace. "Don't worry," he said, "I've met stuffed shoits before." In the Long Room with its air of linoleum and dignity, Groucho sniffed and looked around.
"Where's Haabs?" he asked. "That's the only name I know in this business." We showed him the large painting of WG and other portraits. Suddenly he leaned forward: "I never knew girls played cricket." We asked what he meant. He gestured his cigar at an 18th-century painting of a boy with fair hair standing among trees and leaning on one of those curved bats.
Groucho inspected it closer. Under the painting was written: "Youth with cricket bat. c1790." "Youth, huh? 1790, eh? I guess this business started earlier than we thought."
From time to time Mr Marx glanced out through the closed windows at the game. "How long can they be without running?" We said it could be a matter of days theoretically. "Is that so? And at night, they play with phosphorescent balls?" He shook his head in wonder.
Mr Marx was then introduced to a high official of the MCC, accustomed to dealing with visiting celebrities. "You're over here on holiday, are you, Mr Marx?" Groucho stroked his chin: "I was until I saw this game."
As we left, the doorman suggested we show Mr Marx the museum. Groucho's eyebrows went up. The doorman reminisced enigmatically: "We had Mr Rockefeller here, too – he used a lot of baseball terms." "Aha," said Groucho, "but he was richer than I am."
Out in the street he bent down to make a funny noise to a child in a pushchair. He looked happy, but he had never actually smiled the whole afternoon.
The next day he called to say goodbye. There he was with Miss Hartford, standing outside the hotel waiting for a car to take him to the airport. He had on a neat brown trilby and no one recognised him.
He and Miss Hartford climbed into a large car. They had not much time to get to London airport. As they were leaving, Groucho flung open the door. "Can I drop you any place?" We said no, we were going in the other direction. "Cable me the result of that game," he called.
This is an edited extract
Some 49 million gallons of water were lost after an act of vandalism damaged an inflatable dam near San Francisco, the Oakland Tribune reported Friday.
The loss comes as the state is in its fourth year of a devastating drought that prompted Gov. Jerry Brown (D) to impose the state's first-ever mandatory cutbacks in urban water use, up to 36 percent in some communities.
Alameda County Water District officials told the newspaper that the agency reported the incident, which caused the water to run into the San Francisco Bay, to police around 11:30 a.m. Thursday.
“This is a very significant loss of water under any circumstances, and more so in the drought conditions we are experiencing,” water district general manager Robert Shaver told the newspaper. “It is an utterly senseless, destructive and wasteful thing to do.”
The 49 million gallons were to be used by residents and businesses in the city of Fremont, about 33 miles southeast of San Francisco, and surrounding communities, officials told the paper.
Water officials said that although the amount of water could have supplied 500 homes for a year, the loss probably would not have a “long-term impact on its water supply operations,” according to the paper. Police told the paper that no one had been arrested for the act of felony vandalism.
Regulators in an attempt to combat the continuing drought conditions approved a plan Friday by some of the state's most senior water-rights holders — growers in the Sacramento-San Joaquin River Delta — to voluntarily cut water use by 25 percent in exchange for assurances that they would not face further curtailments during the growing season.
Kane Williamson is one of the leading Test batsmen of his age. But in T20 cricket, he must adapt his method, as he explained while playing for the Barbados Tridents in the Caribbean Premier League.
Are Test and T20 cricket like rugby sevens and union? Is it that much of a difference?
No. I suppose it's just subtle adjustments, certainly personally. Obviously every batter's different - they have different strengths. I just try and adjust my game as subtly as possible, and try and sort of get the ball to areas that I might need to do to generate a strike rate. So there are a few things that are clear in the T20 game, and that's, I guess, that you need to score quicker, things happen a lot faster, and you need to adapt with the nature of T20 cricket, whether you're more of a touch player or more of a power player.
Are there shots that you need to play in T20 that you'd never touch in Tests?
The T20 game certainly allows you to explore different areas of your own game that you might then bring into your other formats a little. Naturally shots like the lap and the reverse sweep - things like that - certainly aren't the first thing that comes to your mind playing Test cricket, but in other areas just to try and get the ball to different parts of the field. So you're always working on your game, which T20 always tests.
Since you first started playing T20, have you made a conscious effort to expand your repertoire?
For sure. Obviously batting like in a Test match in T20 cricket's not really going to work. But you still want to stick to the strengths that are important to your game - for some guys it's power, for some guys it's touch and it's gaps. Whatever the recipe is for your game, I think it is important you do stick to that and just try and make those adjustments. Someone like Joe Root and Steve Smith - those sorts of guys have been excellent at it. Without being huge power players, they're still very, very effective in this format.
"I try to make subtle adaptations rather than trying to slog, because I always go into the net and have a bit of a slog and realise that I'm not any good at it!"
So for you that shows that you can keep the foundations of your game, build them a bit and become a very successful T20 player without reinventing the wheel.
Yeah, I believe so. It's interesting, because T20 cricket's come in our era, so it's not like there's been years and years of it before that have kind of shown the way, so that's where it's been pretty exciting. You've seen a number of power players be hugely effective in the format, but I suppose you're seeing more and more cricket-smart guys that don't have the power and try and find a different way. Someone like Mahela Jayawardene is fantastic at it. So there are a number of guys that have done it well, that have paved the way for the guys that are different shapes and sizes that might try and skin it a different way.
What's a good innings for you in T20?
A hundred off fifty? (laughs) Whatever the team needs. We talk about the strike and things that are needed in T20 cricket, but really it's what the team needs, and sometimes that isn't 60 off 30 or 30 off 15, sometimes it's a run a ball. And you can't neglect that if the surfaces are challenging, then certainly getting a score on the board and laying a foundation's really important. So a perfect T20 innings, yes, it's scoring extremely fast and getting a good score and helping your team, but that won't always happen - it's high-risk, there's a lot of failure in this format in particular. So it is being brave, sticking to a team plan, and just trying to help the team out as best you can.
Are you always aware of what your role is in a team?
Yeah, you still need to do it your way. I believe T20 cricket is, out of all the formats, the most "team" format of cricket. Four-day cricket probably has a little bit less - it's more "team" off the field, and guys have individual pursuits and various things. But certainly the white-ball formats, I believe, are committing to a team plan and trying to do that as best you can, use the skills you have to try and execute that plan.
So it's almost like you're retraining yourself to not value your wicket too highly?
You certainly don't want to fear for your wicket. You always want to score and get as many runs as you can, but certainly not at the expense of the team, and there are innings that I think we've all seen in the past where guys have put themselves maybe before the team situation. And then scoring a big score looks really nice but it might have actually been to the detriment of the team. So it certainly is all about the team, and doing your best to move the team forward.
"I suppose it's still worth the same if you hit it a metre over the boundary [or 100 metres], so that's where I keep my hopes high" BCCI
How different is your training process to other formats? What you do the day before a game?
I try to make subtle adaptations rather than trying to slog, because I always go into the nets and have a bit of a slog and realise that I'm not any good at it! That means trying to work the ball in my areas as best I can, and use my strengths - which is certainly not mishitting balls for six. I need to try to do it another way.
So you see this as more a shorter form of ODI cricket, rather than a whole new game?
Yeah. In terms of my skills, I do think that's the case. But saying that, it does require a higher strike rate, so that is the intention when you go out to bat. You might take a risk earlier - you might take an option that you might take earlier in T20 cricket and not so much in ODI cricket until you're in. It's all structured around what the team needs and maybe what the surface presents, and then go out there and do it as best you can.
If you're batting first, do you keep in mind what a par score is and relay that back to your team-mates?
Yeah. Opening, you sort of need to be a little bit aware of that, but you need to assess the wicket, and if it's a very good one, then it requires a few more runs. So the role to open is probably similar in all formats, where you assess the conditions, but obviously in T20 cricket the pressure's on to score quickly - use those conditions as best you can. And still a similar thing applies that if you do have wickets in hand going into the last ten, then you can get a huge score. You never know how many you can get. So there are a number of factors that come into it when batting first. But still, you have your game like every other batter in the side, and you're out there to try and make a difference for your team. Stick to your strengths and express yourself, and that's what T20 cricket tries to bring out.
"You've seen a number of power players be hugely effective in the format, but I suppose you're seeing more and more cricket-smart guys that don't have the power and try and find out a different way"
Do you think a good T20 batting line-up has a mixture of power-hitters and touch players, and that balance?
Yeah, I believe so. There's no substitute for being able to hit the ball a hundred metres over the boundary, whereas I suppose it's still worth the same if you hit it a metre over the boundary, so that's where I keep my hopes high. But yeah, I do think a good combination's important. Your own recipe to achieve a similar outcome, I think, is what you need to look at most. Rather than perhaps guys that hit it 200 metres compared to 100, you start to look at maybe their contribution in the situation. Was it what the team needed? Was it perhaps smart cricket? And I think those things are very important.
So there are times when someone might be going berserk at the other end, and you're just trying to get a run a ball and get off strike?
Yeah, sometimes. And you never know quite who that'll be at the time. Sometimes you hit the gaps, sometimes you don't, and all of a sudden you're under a little bit of pressure but your mate at the other end might be doing a lot of damage and hitting the ball miles, so you want to keep giving him the freedom to do that. Saying that, I think it is important both batsmen have an intent to score and score quickly, and are able to put the opposition under pressure.
Is it a format for specialists, or can all players thrive in it?
I just think it's something that's different. As you grow up - especially in my sort of age group and before that - you grew up trying to play one-day cricket and Test cricket. Now there's T20 cricket - and yes it's a bit of a power game, it requires slightly different skill sets. But it's just something different for guys to learn, understand, and try and improve on.
In the 1850s, a farmer named James Adams is accused of a crime he didn't commit and must flee into the mountains. There, he rescues and cares for an abandoned grizzly bear cub who subsequently grows into a powerful adult companion named Ben. In addition, Adams learns that he has an uncanny link to much of the wildlife of the region who interact with him on their own without fear or aggression. Now "Grizzly" Adams lives in the wilderness with only an old trader named Mad Jack and an Native American named Nakoma as his only regular human friends. There he meets and aids a variety of visitors who usually are unused to the dangers this beautiful land can have. Unfortunately, while he protects the wildlife from unnecessary harm, he still must be watchful for the bounty hunters looking for the price on his head. Written by Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com)
International holiday
World Religion Day Observed by Bahá'ís, interfaith and multi-faith organizations[1] Type International, cultural Significance Celebration of the oneness of religion and its role in human society Date Third Sunday in January 2018 date January 21 ( 2018-01-21 ) 2019 date January 20 ( 2019-01-20 ) 2020 date January 19 ( 2020-01-19 ) 2021 date January 17 ( 2021-01-17 ) Frequency annual First time December 8, 1949
World Religion Day is an observance initiated in 1950 by the National Spiritual Assembly of the Bahá'ís of the United States, celebrated worldwide on the third Sunday in January each year. Though initiated in the United States, World Religion Day has come to be celebrated internationally.[1]
Described as a "Bahá'í-inspired idea that has taken on a life of its own",[2] the origins of World Religion Day lie in the Bahá'í principles of the oneness of religion and of progressive revelation, which describe religion as evolving continuously throughout the history of humanity.[3][4] The purpose of World Religion Day is to highlight the ideas that the spiritual principles underlying the world's religions are harmonious, and that religions play a significant role in unifying humanity.[1][2]
Purpose [ edit ]
Initially a Bahá'í observance, World Religion Day was inspired by the Bahá'í principles of the oneness of religion and of progressive revelation, which describe religion as evolving continuously throughout the history of humanity.[3][4] It promotes these principles by highlighting the ideas that the spiritual principles underlying the world's religions are harmonious, and that religions play a significant role in unifying humanity.[1][2]
As a means of clarifying the nature and purpose of World Religion Day, the Universal House of Justice, the elected council that serves as the head of the Bahá'í Faith noted in a 1968 message that, rather than providing a "platform for all religions and their emergent ecumenical ideas," the observance serves as "a celebration of the need for and the coming of a world religion for mankind, the Bahá'í Faith itself."[5]
In April 2002, the Universal House of Justice published a letter, "To the World's Religious Leaders", in which it stated:
...interfaith discourse, if it is to contribute meaningfully to healing the ills that afflict a desperate humanity, must now address honestly ... the implications of the over-arching truth ... that God is one and that, beyond all diversity of cultural expression and human interpretation, religion is likewise one.[6]
World Religion Day has been described as a "Bahá'í-inspired idea that has taken on a life of its own",[2] because its observance is no longer confined to the Bahá'í community, where it originally took shape. Although observances of World Religion Day are still sponsored and supported by Bahá'í communities worldwide, Baha'i institutions such as the Universal House of Justice or the National Spiritual Assembly of the Bahá'ís of the United States no longer play active roles in the promotion of events, apart from reporting on them. Instead, an increasing number of observances are independently organized by interfaith or multi-faith coalitions.[1][2]
History [ edit ]
The earliest observation entitled "World Peace Through World Religion" was in Portland, Maine at the Eastland Park Hotel in October 1947 with a talk by Firuz Kazemzadeh.[7] In 1949 observances in various communities in the United States made the local newspapers in December called "World Religion Day".[8] It was standardized across the United States by the National Spiritual Assembly of the Bahá'ís of the United States in December 1949 to be held January 15.[6][9] It also began to be observed internationally starting as early as in Australia in 1950 in two cities[10] and Bolivia in 1951.[11] By 1958 Bahá'ís had gathered notices of events in a number of countries—sometimes attracting hundreds of people and sometimes overlapping with race amity priorities.[12] In Laos, for example, meetings were noted in 1958,[13] 1959,[14] and 1960, among many countries activities.[15][16] In the Netherlands in 1962 it was noted in several cities.[17]
More pronounced awareness [ edit ]
The observance has grown in some scale of recognition beginning in the 1950s.
It was noted on various AM radio stations in the 1950s and 1960s:
Various noted speakers have given talks in the 1950s to the 1970s:
A number of locales have seen Mayoral proclamations in the United States and Canada in the 1960s and 1970s:
1966 – Reno Nevada [34] and Portsmouth, New Hampshire [35]
and Portsmouth, New Hampshire 1967 – Arcadia, California [36]
1969 – Carbondale, Illinois [37]
1973 – Hamburg, New York [38]
1974 [39] and 1975 [40] – Brandon, Manitoba
and 1975 – Brandon, Manitoba 1977 – Hamburg, New York,[41]
In 1968 the proclamation was issued by Warren E. Hearnes, Governor of Missouri.[42]
Stamps [ edit ]
In 1985 Sri Lanka issued the first World Religion Day postage stamp. This was followed by a stamp issued by the Republic of the Congo in 2007. The Congo stamp showed a globe with the symbols of 11 religions surrounding it, and the text (in French) read, "God is the source of all religions."[43][44][45]
Modern observance [ edit ]
There is a long tradition of hosting panels and symposia with representatives of many religions at World Religion Day observances.[46][47][48][49][50]
After years of activity since 2000[51]:1:02min in 2011 Ottawa city government hosted an event that was video taped.[52] It was subsequently noted in 2014 on CTV Television Network.[53]
Since 2013 participants have gathered at a virtual presentation in Second Life[54]:1:44min at the UUtopia Center for an observance.[55] The 2014 observance had screenshots taken.[56] The 2015 event[57] of talks of a panel of speakers was recorded.[54]
In 2013 the Parliament of Religions noted it.[58] The Oxford University Press' blog noted it in 2015.[59]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
The president of the United States will be asked to make difficult, life-and-death decisions while in office, and at some point every candidate for office will have to prove their mettle to voters. But there's also, apparently, a phenomenon that I will call the Murder Vote. The Murder Vote is not won simply by promising a hawkish foreign policy, supporting the death penalty, or otherwise indicating a willingness to deploy state violence. No, the Murder Vote requires proving to the American people that you could stand up and murder somebody right this minute . You're just, in your presidential magnanimity, kindly allowing us all to live.
This week's apparent attempt at clinching the Murder Vote is Florida governor Jeb Bush.
It's a simple but strong statement: America is context-free bragging on the internet about the weapon that you love enough to get your name engraved on it, but not enough to find something with more gravitas than Times New Roman. And Jeb Bush is so ready to use it that he doesn't even keep the safety on.
But the photo is only implicitly threatening, and Bush is already late to the casual firearm usage race. The frontrunner for that right now is Texas Senator Ted Cruz, who promoted his campaign But the photo is onlythreatening, and Bush is already late to the casual firearm usage race. The frontrunner for that right now is Texas Senator Ted Cruz, who promoted his campaign with a guide to cooking bacon with an AR-15 rifle.
Get the latest Flash Player
Learn more about upgrading to an HTML5 browser Adobe Flash Player or an HTML5 supported browser is required for video playback.
One would think that a video called Making Machine Gun Bacon would make Cruz a shoo-in for the Murder Vote. But counterintuitively, it may work against him. Sure, Cruz is into shooting, but only for the nurturing, decidedly non-murderous purpose of making breakfast. And as Florida Senator Marco Rubio knows, that's just not enough.
starts with the relatively common (albeit debatably effective) and not inherently threatening notion of buying a handgun to "protect [his] family if someone were to come after us." But he quickly assures everyone that this is not simply a generic precaution, it's so he can personally fight ISIS , which even after last year's terror attacks remains essentially a Red Dawn reboot plot point. "If ISIS were to visit us or our communities at any moment, the last line of defense between ISIS and my family is the ability that I have to protect my family from them or from a criminal or anyone else who seeks to do us harm." So why did he decide to buy his gun on Christmas Eve? "I'm not home very often," he responded. "So that was one of the few days that I was there." Okay, his odds of leading the Wolverines just got a little lower. Rubio's Murder Vote play starts with the relatively common (albeit debatably effective) and not inherently threatening notion of buying a handgun to "protect [his] family if someone were to come after us." But he quickly assures everyone that this is not simply a generic precaution, it's so he can, which even after last year's terror attacks remains essentially areboot plot point. "If ISIS were to visit us or our communities at any moment, the last line of defense between ISIS and my family is the ability that I have to protect my family from them or from a criminal or anyone else who seeks to do us harm." So why did he decide to buy his gun on Christmas Eve? "I'm not home very often," he responded. "So that was one of the few days that I was there." Okay, his odds of leading the Wolverines just got a little lower.
This contest is obviously rigged. The gun control debate requires Republican candidates to loudly convince every single person they meet that they really love firearms, and constantly redirecting conversation toward your arsenal of deadly weapons — and your readiness to use them on humans, as opposed to paper targets or even animals — is a great way to turn a popular hobby into an apparent obsession with killing.
But Democrats are also capable of drawing the Murder Vote. Take Jim Webb, who responded to a debate question about making political enemies by bringing up the man he actually did kill in the Vietnam War. But Democrats are also capable of drawing the Murder Vote. Take Jim Webb, who responded to a debate question about making political enemies by bringing up the man he actually did kill in the Vietnam War. The distinctive thing wasn't that he'd seen war, or even that he'd killed in combat. No, it was the broad, mischievous, and terrifying grin that followed.
There was at least hadn't committed attempted murder. Carson later clarified that the stabbing had involved "a close relative," but definitely happened. There was at least a serious explanation behind Webb's reference. Republican candidate Ben Carson, on the other hand, spent several days last year convincing voters that he had once tried to stab a friend to death in simple rage. Yes, the 2016 election campaign involved a "smear campaign" implying that a candidatecommitted attempted murder. Carson later clarified that the stabbing had involved "a close relative," but definitely happened.
Sustainable Pulse welcomes the republication of the Séralini et al. study on the “Long-term toxicity of a Roundup herbicide and a Roundup-tolerant genetically modified maize” by Environmental Sciences Europe.
Find all the details regarding the republication here.
We will include reactions from organizations and experts to the republication below:
ENSSER: The European Network of Scientists for Social and Environmental Responsibility
RE-PUBLICATION of the Séralini et al. study on the “Long-term toxicity of a Roundup herbicide and a Roundup-tolerant genetically modified maize”
ENSSER welcomes the re-publication of the data from the long-term rat feeding study with herbicide-tolerant NK603 maize and the associated Roundup herbicide plus the publication of the raw data by the researchers of Professor Séralini's group[1]. This study follows up on the Monsanto study submitted to the European regulator in support of its safety declaration for commercial approval. The study used the same type of rats as used by Monsanto. They were fed with Roundup-tolerant NK603 genetically modified (GM) maize (11% of the diet), cultivated with or without the application of Roundup together with Roundup alone (0.1 ppb of the full pesticide containing glyphosate and adjuvants) in drinking water for 2 years. EFSA accepts rat-feeding studies that are terminated after only 90 days, which constitutes a fraction of the entire lifespan of rats and, thus, addresses only short-term toxicity. Séralini and colleagues extended this period to a full lifespan in order to study chronic long term effects.
The most significant results of the extended study by Séralini and colleagues are signs of toxicity for all treatments GM maize sprayed and unsprayed with Roundup- and Roundup-only treatments. Most of these signs occurred after 90 days. Biochemical analyses confirmed chronic kidney problems for all the treatments, for both sexes and also a higher number of severe liver problems. In females, all treatment groups showed a two- to threefold increase in mortality, and deaths occurred earlier. This difference was also evident in three male groups fed with GM maize. All results were hormone- and sex-dependent, and the pathological profiles were comparable. Last but not least, females developed large mammary tumors more frequently and earlier than the controls; the pituitary was the second most disabled organ; the sex hormonal balance was modified by consumption of GM maize and Roundup treatments. These data are worrying and call for follow-up studies designed to further consolidate whether these signs of toxicity are indeed proof of toxicity. These data must be contextualized with recently published data by other independent researchers in South America and Europe, releasing data that require us to re-consider previous toxicity evaluations of Roundup and Glyphosate[2].
When originally published in the Elsevier journal Food and Chemical Toxicology (FCT) in September 2012, a global campaign was launched within days by the GM industry and their associated scientists, and their sole aim was to ‘shoot the messenger' hoping that the data will thus be invalidated. In an accompanying comment piece, now also being published, the team of Séralini and colleagues put the events that followed publication of their report on record. Here, they also address “conflicts of interest, confidentiality and censorship in health risk assessment” which ultimately resulted in the retraction of the paper over a year later after an ex-Monsanto employee was installed as associate editor[3]. The retraction was accompanied by a statement of the editor-in-chief Hayes asserting that there was no fraud, no misconduct or anything else wrong with the Séralini study other than the supposed ‘inconclusiveness' of the data in the eyes of an shadowy group of scientists assembled for an undisclosed post-publication re-evaluation. This unprecedented move by FCT was challenged and has now been corrected.
Scientific progress is only possible if research is conducted in an open fashion and research data is subjected to fair and critical (preferably transparent) peer-review and is subsequently put on record by being published in the scientific literature allowing then for a discourse of that research data and its various interpretations. While this holds true for all fields of science, it is a fundamental prerequisite for scientific progress when it comes to data that is relevant to environmental and human health. While scientific technological interventions have generated great benefits for human societies and contributed significantly to human progress, history has also shown over and over again, that research that lacks rigour regarding the safety and long term consequences of these technological interventions has caused massive suffering and destruction of environmental and human health. This has cancelled out many or all of their earlier benefits in a manner that could have been avoided if the initial research had been more rigorous.
This attempt to censor inconvenient research data and suppress critical scientific discourse should have no place in the 21st century world. We face a convergence of massive environmental and social problems that put the collective well-being of humanity at risk. This is in many ways the result of the premature and injudicious release of technological interventions without proper safety evaluation for long term consequences. Solving these converging crises will fundamentally hinge on a critical scientific discourse and collective reflection. We need a debate about the various trajectories for progress. This should be informed by rigorous and independent (i.e. technology- disinterested) assessment of technology risks from various perspectives.
[1] www.sciencedirect.com/ science/article/pii/ S0278691513008090 [2] Paganelli A, Gnazzo V, Acosta H, Lopez SL and Carrasco AD. Glyphosate-based herbicides produce teratogenic effects on vertebrates by impairing retinoic acid signalling. Chem Res Toxicol, August 9. pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/ 10.1021/tx1001749 www.gmoevidence.com/wp- content/uploads/2013/09/ Glyphosat-D%C3%A4nemark.pdf [3] www.gmwatch.org/files/ Letter_AWHayes_GES.pdf Gene Ethics, Australia
The long term Seralini experiments which found rats are harmed by Roundup and GM maize has been vindicated. It is republished today in the Journal “Environmental Sciences Europe”, published by the Springer Group “Today's republication of the Seralini study is a vindication of sound independent science, the scientific method and the system of scientific publication,” says Gene Ethics Director Bob Phelps. “The editors of the Food and Chemical Toxicology journal retracted the peer-reviewed study under extreme duress from a coterie of corporate interests and their scientific lackeys. “But the grounds for retraction were nonsense as they did not conform with the agreed rules for retractions and erased the validity of all scientific peer-review processes. “In trying to justify his retraction, the Editor of Food and Chemical Toxicology wrote: “A careful and time-consuming analysis found that the data were inconclusive, and therefore the conclusions described in the article were unreliable. Accordingly, the article was retracted.” “But the findings of all published and peer-reviewed papers are inconclusive as they must open to review and refutation. If not, they would not be the products of scientific inquiry which is always a work in progress,” says Phelps. “Seralini's team and their methodology were found to be honest and sound. If they had been faulty, that would have been good grounds for the retraction. “Seralini found that GM maize and residues of the Roundup herbicide sprayed on the crop were toxic to the laboratory rats and their findings are now validated by this republication in a very reputable journal.
“The onus of proof for the safety and efficacy of GM crops and foods should rest with the GM industry but Seralini paper's results show up the flaws in corporate research.
“Their smaller sample sizes, shorter 90 day duration, and lack of independence also cast doubt on the validity of GM crop and food approvals which rely mostly on corporate data.
“It's now clear that some varieties of GM foods and toxic chemical residues harm experimental animals and probably us too and this should be grounds for reviewing these product approvals.
“We call on our governments to remove GM foods and toxic chemical residues from the human food supply,” Mr Phelps concludes.
Comments from scientists
Dr. Michael Antoniou, a molecular geneticist based in London, commented, “Few studies would survive such intensive scrutiny by fellow scientists. The republication of the study after three expert reviews is a testament to its rigour, as well as to the integrity of the researchers.
“If anyone still doubts the quality of this study, they should simply read the republished paper. The science speaks for itself.
“If even then they refuse to accept the results, they should launch their own research study on these two toxic products that have now been in the human food and animal feed chain for many years.”
Dr Jack A Heinemann, Professor of Molecular Biology and Genetics, University of Canterbury New Zealand, called the republication “an important demonstration of the resilience of the scientific community”. Dr Heinemann continued, “The first publication of these results revealed some of the viciousness that can be unleashed on researchers presenting uncomfortable findings. I applaud Environmental Sciences Europe for submitting the work to yet another round of rigorous blind peer review and then bravely standing by the process and the recommendations of its reviewers, especially after witnessing the events surrounding the first publication.
“This study has arguably prevailed through the most comprehensive and independent review process to which any scientific study on GMOs has ever been subjected.
“The work provides important new knowledge that must be taken into account by the community that evaluates and reports upon the risks of genetically modified organisms, indeed upon all sources of pesticide in our food and feed chains. In time these findings must be verified by repetition or challenged by superior experimentation. In my view, nothing constructive for risk assessment or promotion of GM biotechnology has been achieved by attempting to expunge these data from the public record.”
“No one will love you until you learn to love yourself” is an easy enough phrase to believe is true. But it's terrifying, especially when you have depression. What if you never learn? As a teenager, it made me fear for my life as an adult. I was certain I would never be capable of being in a relationship, but I was very wrong. Honestly, I do not like myself very much, and in August of 2013, a boy fell very, very much in love with me.
I have dealt with depression for as long as I can remember. I've been on and off medications, been to therapy, but it's still alive and well, comfortable in its home in my bones. I can feel it every day, a tiny inkling that causes breathtaking emotional pain at the most inconvenient of times.
My depression doesn't care that I am in a relationship with a boy who makes me laugh, tells me I'm beautiful 20 times a day, and cares more deeply for me than any other boy has. I am grateful for the nights he holds me while I cry for hours for no reason. I am thankful that he puts up with my random periods of irritability. He constantly attempts to comfort me if I am suddenly uncomfortable when we're out in public. He fills me with hope for the future when I lead myself down the darkest of paths, plays with my hair when I'm having trouble sleeping, and encourages me to eat when I have no appetite. He takes care of me and I never even had to explain myself. I still consciously think to myself, nine months into this relationship, “Wow, someone is in love with me.” I often think about how lucky I am to be loved, regardless of my flaws in chemistry.
This intense love is frightening, because every day, I fear that one more thing will push him over the edge. That one more time of me rolling over in bed, teary-eyed, for no reason, could push him away. I know it upsets him, and I reassure him through my salty, blurred vision that it's not his fault. I am often overcome with guilt and I hate that my feelings about myself cause any pain on his part. Sometimes he is not easily convinced, but I try as hard as I can with the little energy I have. Some of our nights end in a tight hug and an “I'm sorry” mumbled from my lips, but I'm just thankful that he is still happy to wake up to me every morning.
Every day is a struggle. I am constantly on edge, going back and forth between caring too much and not caring at all, wondering when he will have enough. He is quick to remind me how much he loves me, but I am just as quick to be overcome with crippling doubt. We both know that this is how forever will be, and if he hasn't given up yet, I'm certain that he is 100% all in.
Never let anyone tell you that you are not worth being loved if you don't love yourself. Never let anyone tell you that your mental illness is the reason why you are not in a relationship. Never let anyone tell you that you should smile more, fix your hair, or wear more color. Never let anyone makes you feel bad about what you can't always control.
Someone will be in love with you regardless of your most comfortable state, and if that happens to be curled up on the floor of your room, crying as you listen to your favorite sad songs, then you have found true love.
Legal and Moral Dilemmas of Drone Strikes in a Free Society
America is now using over 7,500 drones to strike targets in Libya, Yemen, Somalia, Pakistan and Afghanistan. Drone strikes in Pakistan alone have killed up to 3,341 people so far, despite a lack of Congressional approval. But besides being illegal on Constitutional grounds, the drone strikes set dangerous new precedents that challenge the most basic tenets of a moral society.
Regarding civilian casualties, counterterrorism czar John Brennan said in June of 2011, “Due to our discretion and precision, the U.S. government has not found credible evidence of collateral deaths resulting from U.S. counterterrorism operations outside of Afghanistan or Iraq.” But the facts speak otherwise, with hundreds of reports coming in from news sources worldwide of civilian casualties. Perhaps one of the problems with the U.S Government's analysis is that the C.I.A often labels any military age male within the vicinity of a drone strike as an insurgent. Take for instance a drone strike in Pakistan in 2011 where at least 40 people were killed at an outdoor meeting over a tribal land dispute in broad daylight. This meeting had been approved by the Pakistani military ten days earlier, but due to faulty intelligence missiles were fired into the gathering by a predator drone. It is unclear if any of those people were affiliated with a terrorist group. But even if the intelligence had been sound and there was a Taliban or Al-Qaeda member present, questions remain. A police officer cannot go into a store shooting random people merely because one customer is a wanted criminal.
Even American citizens are not protected from being targeted and assassinated. Take the story of 16-year-old American citizen Abdulrahman al-Awlaki, the son of notorious Al-Qaeda sympathizer Anwar Al-Awlaki. The boy was killed in a drone strike in Yemen along with his teenage cousin and six others. He was born in Denver and lived with his grandparents. He hadn't been in contact with his father in over two years, but a month before his death he snuck out of his home, unsuccessfully looking for his father whom he had discovered was on an American kill list. While en route he learned of his father's assassination and was heading home. He was actually eating dinner with his second cousin and family friends when he was killed. News reports based on government sources originally claimed he was a 21-year-old al-Qaeda fighter until his grandparents provided a birth certificate to the Washington Post. No acknowledgement has been made to the family from those responsible, although the family has filed suit against Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta and CIA director David Petraeus. When asked about how it was possible that 16 –year-old Al-Awlaki could have been targeted, Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said, “I would suggest that you should have a far more responsible father if they are truly concerned about the wellbeing of their children.” This sort of talk from high level Obama officials is disgraceful and shows a lack of respect for innocent human life.
Many of these moral outrages are occurring because of a lack of accountability within the Obama administration. Rumors of “kill lists” signed off by unelected bureaucrats abound, partly because the administration has been unclear as to how the process of targeted killings actually works. John Brennan, Obama's anointed “Counterterrorism Czar”, is the man who receives the intelligence and ultimately decides who will be presented to the President as a potential candidate for a strike. But not every strike is approved by the President, and it is unclear under whose authority the attacks are carried out.
Another problem is that in many ways the drone strikes have made the American position in the Middle East worse. The Government of Pakistan has repeatedly warned the U.S that it considers the strikes an infringement of sovereignty. The strikes put the Pakistani Government in an impossible position; how can they justify their alliance with the U.S when American drones are killing their people and then denying it? Only last year did the Obama administration admit that drone strikes were even occurring in Pakistan. The drone program is immensely unpopular in all of the countries where strikes are occurring. In Yemen, protests due to perceived hypocrisy in the Yemeni Government in part due to their involvement with the U.S drone strike program threaten the stability of the state itself.
Lastly, drone strikes haven't even proven to be substantially effective in combating Al-Qaeda. According to the New American Foundation, only forty one high value targets have been killed in the Al-Qaeda leadership by drones. Most of them have been replaced by an equally aggressive and extremist leader. The attacks on Benghazi and the continued involvement of Al-Qaeda in the revolutions in Libya, Egypt, and Syria indicate that Al-Qaeda is nowhere near, “On the run,” as Obama claimed in a recent campaign speech. In fact, the drone strikes in Pakistan have merely caused Al-Qaeda leadership to shift their center of gravity to North Africa, thereby spreading its influence to yet another section of the Arab world.
It is up to the American people to demand accountability from the Obama administration about the drone strike program. It is unconstitutional, and it is morally wrong.
Blog post written by Sam Aydlette
Tags: drones
Benjamin Burnley leans out from the stage, thumps his burly chest and surveys a forest of devil-horned hands raised aloft by London's grunge-metal faithful. As So Cold grinds to its shuddering climax, the singer bellows a proud boast. “That was the first song Breaking Benjamin have ever performed outside of America!” The cheers are deafening.
May 27, Koko, Camden. Breaking Benjamin are making their belated British debut to a rapturous reception. From choppy, melodic pile-drivers like Follow to spangled, soaring power ballads like Ashes of Eden, the assembled fans roar along to almost every word, drowning out the band's stacked vocal harmonies in places. Three songs into the set, Burnley declares he has just decided to record the band's next album in London. More thunderous cheers.
The Pennsylvania-based emo-rockers arrive on our shores on the back of their most successful album to date, Dark Before Dawn, which topped the Billboard charts last summer and rocketed the band into the arena-rocking superleague in the US. This comeback is all the sweeter because Breaking Benjamin looked like a spent force at the start of this decade, taking a five-year hiatus due to medical and legal problems. Their 2009 album Dear Agony featured a scan of Burnley's brain on the cover, a reference to recurring symptoms which continue to baffle doctors even to this day.
“Constant joint pain, constant muscle pain, constant dizziness, constant fatigue,” the 38-year-old singer explains to Classic Rock a few hours before the Koko show. “All that stuff is still there, I never got any answers from the medical community. I'm just pushing through it, man, just taking one day at a time. Having my friends in the band helps, having an incredible family helps, having this amazing support system from our fans definitely drives us to push forward. All of that makes it possible for me to deal with these horrible things every day. Even if it kills me, I'll still play these shows. I'd rather die up there onstage than at a desk or in a bed or something like that.”
During their long sabbatical, the old line-up of Breaking Benjamin disintegrated due to a bitter legal dispute over the inclusion of unauthorised tracks on a 2011 compilation album. By 2013, Burnley had dismissed every other band member and was fighting to retain solo rights to the name. He went on to record Dark Before Dawn almost single-handedly, then recruited a whole new band, including guitarist Keith Wallen and bass player Aaron Bruch, both of whom now share vocal and songwriting duties in the rebooted Breaking Benjamin. The effect on the band's live sound, Burnley says, has been strikingly positive.
“It's made everything better, none of the older guys could sing at all,” he nods. “I made a point to hire guys that were actually singers in their own bands, so they could do all the harmonies properly. This allows us to really free up our music. We don't use click tracks, we do everything live in real time. It just sounds so much better, more true to the album.”
Benjamin Burnley (Image: © Photo by Leigh van der Byl)
Despite a swelling profile and growing fan demand, Breaking Benjamin resisted all previous offers to tour outside North America, largely because their singer suffers from an extreme fear of flying. As the band cross-cross Europe for the next three weeks warming up for their Download festival debut in June, Burnley has chosen to travel on land and sea only.
“I came over here in the Queen Mary 2,” he laughs. “With every wave that hit the boat, I thought of my fans. With every chunk of vomit when I got seasick… ha! No I didn't get sick. The trip was a little long but it was worth it, because I'm in love with London right now. I'm just absolutely in awe.”
Judging by the crowd reaction at Koko, Breaking Benjamin will find a very warm welcome at Download. He may specialise in angst-wracked anthems, but Burnley is an endearingly jokey performer onstage, apologising for the “big fat gut” that keeps bursting through his shirt buttons, and commanding the audience to “follow me on Instagram or I will fucking kill you!” He even brandishes a glowing red light sabre to introduce a punkmetal version of Darth Vader's Imperial March from Star Wars, which heralds a ragged medley of covers, including an agreeably rowdy sing-along slamdance through Nirvana's Smells Like Teen Spirit.
“We don't take ourselves too seriously,” Burnley says. “We're not hardcore rock guys, we have a sense of humour about what we do. We just want to have a really great time with everybody. We want to share the love.”
For the finale of their Koko show, Breaking Benjamin crank up the emotional heat with two of their biggest crowd-pleasers, I Will Not Bow and The Diary of Jane, the kind of supercharged heart-ripping epics that Celine Dion might sing if she was a heavily tattooed grunge-metal goddess. And yes, that is a compliment. Download festival posse: brace yourself to share the love.
Breaking Benjamin play Download Festival on Sunday 12 June. Tickets are on sale now.
Image 1 of 8 Image 2 of 8 Image 3 of 8 Image 4 of 8 Image 5 of 8 Image 6 of 8 Image 7 of 8 Image 8 of 8
All photos: Leigh van der Byl
Disturbed, Breaking Benjamin to tour North America
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Shadow Chancellor John McDonnell: "We will not be doing anything unless people are convinced it is the right thing to do"
John McDonnell looks set to use his first Labour conference speech as shadow chancellor to push for a "Robin Hood tax" on stock market trading.
Chancellor George Osborne has fought moves to introduce such a tax, warning it would harm the financial sector.
But Mr McDonnell believes it could rein in the excesses of the City and help pay for improvements to the NHS and other public services.
He will also set out arguments for "new economics" in his address on Monday.
* Follow live video and rolling text commentary with Labour conference live
The shadow chancellor will say a future Labour government will live within its means, investing to grow the economy and sharing proceeds "more equally".
He told BBC Breakfast he would launch "a national debate", but warned that some people might be disappointed by his speech, as it would not contain "all the exciting things" written about by the national media.
He denied reports he was planning big tax increases, saying his speech could be "pretty boring".
Taxation review
On Sunday, Mr McDonnell told a fringe meeting at the Labour conference in Brighton that he had reached an agreement with shadow business secretary Angela Eagle over the Financial Transaction Tax - the so-called Robin Hood tax.
He will launch an "open" debate within Labour with a view to making the introduction of such a measure party policy, he said.
Mr McDonnell has long campaigned for such a tax and revealed that he had a furious row with his predecessor as shadow chancellor, Ed Balls, when he tried to secure a Commons debate on the issue.
Asked about the issue, he said: "Robin Hood tax at the moment is Labour Party policy on the basis of if we can introduce it globally, and that's been Labour Party policy for some time now.
"However, what we are saying is today we are going to launch a review of our taxation system, we are going to bring the greatest economic minds in the world to bear on that issue, we are going to consult with the British people and then we will arrive at a decision on the way forward."
Image copyright PA Image caption The proposed tax would be levied on stock and foreign exchange trades
David Hillman, of the Robin Hood Tax campaign, which has gathered more than a million signatures on its petition, told the conference meeting there was nothing "dangerous or radical" about the idea, which he said had support from across the political spectrum in Europe.
The point of the tax, which would be levied on stock and foreign exchange trades, would be "to have the banks and hedge funds pay for, or at least contribute to paying for, the immense economic damage their gambling, essentially it was gambling, had caused," he said.
Mr McDonnell said he would also use his speech to "demand" access to the financial models used by the Office for Budget Responsibility and the Bank of England to help Labour formulate an alternative economic policy and calculate the rate at which a Robin Hood tax could be set.
"I think that should be open to all parties in Parliament" to test their own ideas "in advance of getting into government," he added.
Tax review
He will also announce a review of Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs to find out how it could beef up its efforts to collect the billions of pounds avoided by UK companies and individuals every year.
Mr McDonnell said he wanted to examine every aspect of HMRC, "its operations, effectiveness and also look at its range of policies and the instruments that it has available to it to ensure that we maximise our tax take and at the same time it's done on a fair and just basis".
During his Labour leadership campaign, Jeremy Corbyn claimed £120bn could be recovered from tax avoidance and evasion - enough to eliminate the UK's budget deficit without cutting welfare or public spending.
But critics, including the then shadow chancellor Chris Leslie, said it was not a plausible policy and would not work.
On Wall Street there is a term for the average investor, the non-institutional muppet that fuels the market for institutional gain. These are the people that buy at the market high and then sell when panic sets in and things become oversold. They jump from the latest fad to the latest fad based on a stock tip they heard on CNBC. Or from their neighbor who talked to a friend who knows someone who works at.... Almost all of us have been one, but we'll never admit it. This type of investor is what is known as "dumb money".
I finished my undergraduate work in 1995 and, at that point in time and for the next few years, the dumb money was in tech stocks. The feeling that you couldn't lose in tech stocks ensured that, ultimately, almost all the dumb money lost. I was no different. In 1999 I bought Yahoo! -- my personal favorite tech company at the time -- for around $210 per share. It fell to single digits and today trades at $23.50. I thought I knew what I was doing, but the reality was I knew just enough to get suckered.
The next market for dumb money was in housing. Housing prices that climbed 10, 20 or 30%+ each year created a market ripe for attracting dumb money. Something should have tipped us all off when it was cheaper to buy new than to rent -- a mathematical absurdity that persists to this day in some pockets -- but millions would not be deterred. If you want a great book to understand the mentality of dumb money, I highly recommend Michael Lewis' The Big Short.
In many respects, local governments have long been dumb money and are now trying to fill the dumb money void in a big way. In the pursuit of growth, local governments have seemed to reach new levels of delusion as the housing crisis has persisted, real growth has stagnated, the traditional mechanisms of post WW II growth have waned and we've gone further into the Desperation Phase of the Suburban Experiment. In the last few years we have seen local governments throwing money into all kinds of schemes, from extending infrastructure in a down market to giving tax breaks to anyone that asks to outright paying people to build homes. None of this has ever been put through a financial analysis. It's just dumb money.
If our cities want to avoid insolvency and financial collapse (see Detroit), they will get out of the dumb money business. Now.
Last week I established three basic rules for cities to use when making capital investments.
Will it generate a REAL rate of return? Will that rate of return be capturable in amounts sufficient to actually fund the project? Is the revenue stream capable of sustaining the improvement over multiple life cycles?
Where we can answer affirmatively to these three rules, the project has essentially no -- or at least very low -- risk for the local unit of government. Where we can't answer these questions, we have a project that amounts to speculation. Gambling, if you will.
Let me be clear right now: gambling is an important part of a local government's growth portfolio. In fact, gambling is an essential strategy for investing for a strong town.
The optimum portfolio for local governments is simple to understand. It blends projects that have no risk with projects that have high risk in a combination that provides for great upside with very limited downside exposure. Here is how it works.
In any given year, a city should spend a high percentage of their capital improvement dollars on projects that meet the three rules for capital investments. If the projected rate of return for those projects is 5%, then the local government should spend 95% of their improvement budget on them. (95.24% to be precise, which is 1/1.05). This would mean that, by spending 95% of the budget and getting a 5% return, we can get 100% of our money back each year. No taxpayer money will be lost and, thus, the city's downside risk is limited.
After doing this, the city still has 5% (actually, 4.76%) of the budget remaining. This is the "gambling" money. This is the money that should be spent on the things that we think might work but we really don't know. This is the high, high risk part of the portfolio. If it is all lost, well then we can go back to the adage "nothing ventured, nothing gained". The city is still solvent and we try a better mix next year. If we have a winner, then we've made a gain while venturing only our extra money. This is how you capture upside risk in the portfolio.
From a mentality standpoint, what this does are shift our cities from being the dumb money where, upon the advice of an expert class, we take moderate risks everywhere -- never venturing anything truly dramatic but never really secure that things will actually work -- to being smart money with a mindset that is 95% stodgy accountant and 5% venture capitalist.
Let me put some numbers to this. For every million dollars spent a year on capital investments, 95% of that should be in projects that have a guaranteed 5% rate of return. The remaining 5% should be used on risky projects, experiments that may or may not actually add value to the community.
For a 5% return on investment environment
$1,000,000 budget
$ 950,000 from budget spent on guaranteed projects
$ 50,000 returned from investment
$ 50,000 from budget spent on experimental projects
For a 8% return on investment environment
$1,000,000 budget
$ 920,000 from budget spent on guaranteed projects
$ 80,000 returned from investment
$ 80,000 from budget spent on experimental projects
(Note again that this is not precise math for all you math geeks, but precise math would only complicate the point. Let's get the point and then we can go out to two decimal places.)
I know this creates a number of questions for people: What does a guaranteed project look like? What does an experimental project look like? Most of our capital money is spent on maintenance so how does this apply? This is nice in theory but how how do we move from what we currently are doing to this approach? What is the role of professionals in this type of approach?
I'm going to spend the next few weeks delving into these questions. For the time being, you can think of a guaranteed project as one that looks a lot like the traditional development pattern (the pre-World War II pattern of development). That was the way these places we built prior to the automobile, Keynesianism and a centralized eocnomy. Local government was not a tool of speculation but a collective organization that, to one extent or another, cared for the commons in a very risk-adverse manner. Large scale speculation was done in the private sector, which meant it was generally not done or done in small, scalable increments.
In comparison, an experimental project looks a lot like today's Tactical Urbanism; small interventions to identify overlooked opportunities. I'll talk about this in more depth in the coming weeks, but needless to say, all of you out there scoffing at Tactical Urbanism as a waste of time while simultaneously believing that venture capital is an important market shaper are not grasping either concept fully.
And finally, I know there is a group of you out there that repels at the notion of reducing government to dollars and cents. You are altruistic about the role of government and believe that, when properly run by the right people making the right decisions, it can be a force for good in this world. I'm not going to waste time debating the merits of this belief, but will simply point out this hard truth:
If a local government doesn't do projects that generate a REAL rate of return and creates capturable revenue streams to cover the government's short and long-term costs, then that local government will ultimately be insolvent. An insolvent government hurts people and creates painful instability, as does one trending towards insolvency. Any altruistic values of local government are compromised once the public balance sheet is inverted.
We all have an interest in building strong towns.
If you'd like more from Chuck Marohn, you should really get a copy of his recent book, Thoughts on Building Strong Towns (Volume 1). It is a primer on the Strong Towns movement and an essential read for those wanting to get up to speed quickly.
You can also chat with Chuck, Nate Hood, Andrew Burleson, Justin Burslie and many others over at the Strong Towns Network. Join the conversation on how to make yours a strong town.
SHAWNIGAN LAKE — Cole Cassels wrapped up an excellent junior hockey career, leading his Oshawa Generals to a Memorial Cup title at the end of May.
But winning the Canadian Hockey League's championship tournament — and having his season end so late — put Cassels on a tight time frame, as far as his summer training goes, to prepare for his first season as a professional.
The versatile centre soldiered on with an abdominal injury picked up in December, and he was still unable to get back on skates at this week's Canucks' development camp at Shawnigan Lake School.
Cassels, 20, clearly inherited the hockey player's pain-ignoring gene from his dad — one-time Canucks centre Andrew Cassels, who piled himself into a car in Columbus a day after hip replacement surgery so he could be driven 20 hours to Quebec City to see his son's team win the Memorial Cup at the end of May.
Cassels doesn't regret playing through the injury, which is deemed to not require surgery. If he'd shut it down for an extended period, the Generals would have been missing one of their key players.
“I knew it wasn't getting worse,” said Cassels. “It was just how much I could keep up with the pain. It's worth it to win a Memorial Cup.”
The injury occurred when Cassels — who was born in Hartford when his dad was playing for the Whalers — was attending the U.S. world junior team camp last December.
“It just kept nagging and it kept up right through the Memorial Cup,” he said. “I was putting a lot of icing on it. I could feel it the most doing one-timers. When I'd step on the ice after a couple days off I could feel it, but once I got moving around, it wasn't that bad.”
Cassels hasn't skated since the Memorial Cup, but is rehabbing and starting to lift weights again. He hopes to get back on the ice by the beginning of August. That gives him just over a month to get ready for the Canucks prospects tournament in Penticton.
“I think it's manageable,” said Cassels. “Obviously, I'd rather get to 100 per cent than start working at 80 and make it worse, and start all over from scratch in August. I'm getting cleared now for certain things and the rehab is progressing.
“There's still plenty of time. There's two-and-a-half months until the preseason starts and about two months until main camp, so I think that's enough time. I've maintained my weight so I think it's enough time to put strength back on.
“I feel a lot better now. I don't feel it as much. I'm not going to push it, so probably it'll be another three weeks or so (to get back on the ice) to be 100 per cent.”
Canucks GM Jim Benning believes Cassels will be ready for training camp, but acknowledges that abdominal injuries can be tricky to predict.
“With those types of injuries you don't know for sure, but he's progressing well,” said Benning. “Everything right now looks to be on schedule. He came in at the end of the year and we did all the exams and we think we've got it pinpointed. He's doing physical therapy and he's doing better and better every day.
GAITHERSBURG, Md. -- Members of an FDA advisory panel said Thursday that the agency should ban the use of electrical stimulation devices for aversive conditioning in patients with self-injurious or aggressive behavior.
The majority of the advisers on the agency's Neurological Devices Panel said the device class poses "an unreasonable and substantial risk of illness or injury" to patients based on all available data and information. Panelists also felt that a clinical study of the device in adults and children would be unethical.
The panel was not asked by the agency to vote on any issue regarding the device, only to discuss a series of questions.
The devices deliver electric shocks and are typically used on severely autistic or developmentally disabled individuals who have repeatedly injured themselves or others through behaviors such as eye gouging, skin pinching, hair pulling, or striking their heads against hard surfaces.
At least some of the FDA's concerns appear to have been prompted by allegations of abuses involving such devices at the controversial Judge Rotenberg Center in Canton, Mass. The center is currently the only entity in the U.S. that manufactures and uses electrical stimulation devices (ESDs) for aversive conditioning, specifically its Graduated Electronic Decelerator (GED 3A and GED 4).
Four ESDs are technically cleared for marketing in the U.S., including one developed by the Judge Rotenberg Center. The center's device was cleared in 1994, but it modified the device without FDA's approval, and is therefore currently in violation of federal law. The center is in talks with FDA on a new premarket notification for the product. The other three devices were cleared from 1976 to 1987, but FDA believes they are no longer manufactured or distributed.
While the majority of the panel supported a ban of all currently marketed and prospective electrical stimulation devices, some panelists did note that the treatment is helpful in refractory cases where current treatment options, such as pharmacological, behavioral, alternative, and experimental therapies, are not effective.
The panel was more split about whether the devices provided a benefit for patients. Several panelists felt strongly that the devices did not provide benefit, while others saw benefits when the therapy was used as a last resort in certain subpopulations.
Steven Miles, MD, a professor of medicine and bioethics at the University of Minnesota Medical School in Minneapolis, commented on the dearth of published clinical evidence on the benefits of the device, beyond anecdotal and case reports.
"The data is more than 50 to 55 years old. I can't think of any other comparable risk therapy that is allowed to persist on such old data," Miles said. "The plural of anecdotes is not data, especially when it comes from a single treatment center with a conflict of interest ... There are no subpopulations within the treatment facility for which selective efficacy exists."
The public commenters were also split on the risks and benefits of the device. There were emotional testimonies from former patients and parents of patients at the Judge Rotenberg Center calling the device a "godsend" as a last treatment for patients who were nonresponsive to other therapies.
On the other hand, nearly 20 disability advocacy and patient representative groups testified that the products were "unsafe," "inhumane," and a form of torture, calling for their outright ban from the market.
"The use of noxious electrical stimulants is inhumane," said Jennifer Bellamy, legislative counsel for the American Civil Liberties Union in Washington. "The fact that we consider using it on people with disabilities, and only people with disabilities, is evidence of significant bias and discrimination. We urge you to ban the use of these devices."
All four models of the devices currently in use comprise a battery, an electric pulse generator, electrodes that are attached to the skin on the trunk or extremities, and either a built-in accelerometer or a radio-controlled actuator to deliver the pulse. Approved voltages range from 150 to 200 volts with shock durations of 0.5 seconds to as long as 12 seconds. Frequencies may range from 10 Hz to 80 Hz, and maximum currents from 10 mA to 29.4 mA.
One of the Rotenberg devices now in use, however, delivers nearly three times the maximum approved current, FDA says. The Rotenberg center has been investigated by state authorities in New York and Massachusetts and by the United Nations (twice), but it remains open and continues to use what's known as shock-based aversive conditioning.
The agency is not required to follow its advisory committees' recommendations but it usually does.
2014-04-24T21:59:19-0400
This weekend is going to be a ton of fun. We organized two back to back events, the Odell Meet the Brewer on Friday, Battle of the Brewers on Saturday and we're also probably heading to the Beer Brunch at Front Range BBQ on Sunday morning. You should definitely come and hang out with us all weekend long! Here are the full details:
FRIDAY, MARCH 30TH
Meet the Brewer: Odell Brewing
Fri. March 30 / 7pm
Our third installment of Meet the Brewer is going to be killer! This is a series that we organize in partnership with Another Pint. The first two events were very popular with Crooked Stave and Oskar Blues. This time, we're working with Odell Brewing in Fort Collins and we're bringing down co-founder Doug Odell! The event will take place on Friday, March 30th at Another Pint. We'll have a couple classic Odell beers like the IPA, Myrcenary, and their first beer, back in 1989, 90 Shilling. We'll also have Footloose Golden Sour and Shenanigans, a couple beers you perhaps of not had before. You won't want to miss this event! More info on beers here.
SATURDAY, MARCH 31
Battle of the Brewers: Round One
Sat. March 31st / 4pm sharp!
Brewer's Republic / 112 N. Nevada, Colorado Springs
$5 for the full flight
Facebook Event Page
We invited eight local breweries to compete against one another using randomly selected ingredients that we pulled out of a hat! We have used a bracket system so that one brewery is matched up against one other brewery, both producing a beer using the same two ingredients (such as molasses and peaches). The fun part comes when you, our lovely beery readers, will do a blind judging of the beers. March 31st will be Round 1, we will announce the winners of the public vote, announce the date for the next round, and select the random ingredients again right there at the bar for all to see! We are limited to only five gallons of each beer, so it will go quickly. Also we are dividing the eight beers into two brackets: Bracket One will be served at 4pm and Bracket Two will be served at 5pm. Here are the brackets, breweries, and random ingredients:
BRACKET ONE / 4pm
Lone Tree vs Rock Bottom (Black Cherry, Clementine)
Rockyard vs Yak and Yeti (Molasses, Peaches)
BRACKET TWO / 5pm
Phantom Canyon vs. KBKB (Black Tea, Strawberry)
Shamrock vs. Pikes Peak (Raspberry, Pumpkin)
SUNDAY, APRIL 1
Front Range BBQ Beer Brunch
Sun. April 1st / 11am -2pm
Front Range BBQ / 2330 West Colorado Ave. C.Springs
$30 – RSVP only, limited to 40
Call: 719.632.2596
The menu is currently being finalized and will organize around a brunch style. Brunch and beer, how could it get any better? Below is a killer list of beers that will be paired with each course (two beers per course, that's 5 courses!):
Maui – Passion Pale Ale
Great Divide – Collete Saison
Green Flash – Le Freak Belgian IPA
Kissmeyer – Denied Entry Biere de Garde
Wells – Banana Bread Beer English Strong Ale
Kulmbacher Brauerei AG – EKU 28 Doppelbock
Left Hand Brewing – Ambidextrous Ale Imperial Milk Stout
Jolly Pumpkin – Oro De Calabaza Biere de Garde
Ska – SkaWorks Orange Cream Stout Sweet Stout
Boulevard Brewing – Chocolate Ale American Strong Ale
– – –
To stay up to date with Focus on the Beer you can receive email updates and join us on our Facebook page.
On The Right Side of the Road
by Richard F. Weingroff
The Federal Highway Administration has often been asked about the American practice of driving on the right, instead of the left, as in Great Britain, our "Mother Country." Albert C. Rose, who served as "unofficial historian" of the U.S. Bureau of Public Roads during much of his long career with the agency (1919-1950) researched why.
Rose found that, "All available evidence seems to indicate that the RIGHT-HAND travel predominated in Colonial America from the time of the earliest settlements." The ox-team, the horseback rider, the handler of the lead horse, and even the pedestrian all traveled to the right. Travelers with hand guns carried their weapons in the hollows of their left arms and traveled to the right, the better to be ready if an oncoming stranger proved dangerous:
When wagons came into general use, they were hauled by two, four or six horses and the driver rode the left rear (wheel) horse like the Old World position. Handling the reins or jerk line with the left hand [and] the long black-snake whip with the right, these drivers traveled to the right so as to watch more closely the clearance at the left. The heavy Conestoga wagons introduced about 1750, in the vicinity of Lancaster, Pa., gave an added impetus to right-hand travel. The drivers rode the left wheel horse, postilion fashion, or rode the "lazy board" at the left side of the wagon, or walked along the road at the left side of the horses.
He also noted a "smoldering opposition to customs of the Old World."
Thus no valid reason existed for transplanting the English left-hand rule especially since the nationals of other European countries had established in America widely separated settlements in which their own customs were observed.
Australian historian M. G. Lay agreed with Rose that the Conestoga wagon provided a "major impetus for right-hand driving in the United States":
The wagon was operated either by the postilion driver riding the left-hand near horse-called the wheel horse-or by the driver walking or sitting on a "lazy board" on the left-hand side of the vehicle. He kept to the left in both cases in order to use the right hand to manage the horses and operate the brake lever mounted on the left-hand side. Passing therefore required moving to the right to give the driver forward vision.
Rose found that no formal rule of the road was adopted by the new country or any State until 1792. In that year, Pennsylvania adopted legislation to establish a turnpike from Lancaster to Philadelphia. The charter legislation provided that travel would be on the right hand side of the turnpike. New York, in 1804, became the first State to prescribe right hand travel on all public highways. By the Civil War, right hand travel was followed in every State. Drivers tended to sit on the right so they could ensure their buggy, wagon, or other vehicle didn't run into a roadside ditch.
Lay also emphasized the ditches as an influence:
With the growth of traffic, the roadside ditches also led to a growing tendency in the United States in the late nineteenth century for drivers of light horse-drawn vehicles to both drive on the right and sit on the right to avoid the greater evil of the ditch. It was also common practice with bench-seated drivers of single-line horse drawn carriages, where the need to accommodate the whip in the right hand predominated.
When inventors began building "automobiles" in the 1890's, they thought of them as motorized wagons. As a result, many early cars had the steering mechanism-a rudder (or tiller), not a wheel-in the center position where the side of the road didn't make any difference. Lay points out that technical innovation created the configuration we are familiar with in the United States:
However, with the introduction of the steering wheel in 1898, a central location was no longer technically possible. carmakers usually copied existing practice and placed the driver on the curbside. Thus, most American cars produced before 1910 were made with right-side driver seating, although intended for right-side driving. Such vehicles remained in common use until 1915, and the 1908 Model T was the first of Ford's cars to feature a left-side driving position.
By 1915, the Model T had become so popular that the rest of the automakers followed Ford's lead.
Lay traced the first regulation of one-side-or-the-other to the Chinese bureaucracy of 1100 B.C. The Book of Rites stated: "The right side of the road is for men, the left side for women and the center for carriages." This Western Zhou dynasty rule applied only to the dynasty's wide official roads and was "more concerned with protocol than avoiding head-on collisions." Over 3,000 years later, Lay concluded, "there are no technical reasons for preferring driving on either the left or the right side of the road."
Reference:
Ways of the World: A History of the World's Roads and the Vehicles that Used Them (Rutger's University Press, 1992)
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
A biblical scholar in Taiwan has responded to the idea that someone can be born gay by comparing it to the condition of someone “born with a cleft lip,” insisting that neither can be considered “natural.”
The Liberty Times reports Immanuel Chih-Ming Ke, an Associate Professor at Taiwan's Providence University, recently attended a public service broadcaster PTS to debate same-sex marriage alongside various advocates.
Mr Ke was asked towards the end of the broadcast whether he thought being gay was “unnatural.”
“Of course,” he said. “A person can be born with a cleft lip, or just one hand, but you cannot say he is natural just because he was born like this.”
The scholar's remarks instantly sparked controversy online on Providence University's LGBT society page, with one student writing: “I was born with a cleft lip. I am not unnatural.”
Society members have since called on their vice-chancellor to address the damage Mr Ke's comments have caused, with a petition which reached over 2,500 signatures within a day.
National Taiwan University student Bell I Ching said on Friday the remarks were “really very inappropriate.”
She added: “Human rights mean we should not discriminate against people born with a cleft lip, or with missing legs. We want him to rethink his words.”
Thousands marched in a pride rally in October, holding rainbow flags, colourful placards and balloons, in support of a bill reviewing Taiwan's stance on same-sex marriages.
Support for equal marriage has steadily risen after in August, Taiwan authorities agreed not to revoke the marriage status of a local transgender couple, in a move activists called a “benchmark” ruling.
Following that, in September, more than 1,200 activists in Taiwan took part in a mock “wedding banquet” in a bid to press for an amendment to the Civil Code.
Photo: Patrick McDermott
Capitals defender and everyone's imaginary best friend forever Karl Alzner appeared on the Marek vs Wyshysnki podcast on Thursday to talk about all sorts of inane and fun things. He was his typical charming self and RMNB got name-dropped, so obviously we're all over this.
The interview begins at the 20-minute mark.
On playing the Penguins on Wednesday night:
“It was like you're playing keepaway with your older brother.”
On the Ovechkin-Crosby rivalry:
“It's not the Ovi-Crosby factor that I'm thinking about. It's more my own personal Alzner-Crosby rivalry. I'm going into every game thinking, ‘I'm going to stop him, I need to shut him down. It's me versus him.'”
On the less-awesome-than-expected Metropolitan Division:
“I think some of the teams are starting to pick it up now. By the end of the year they'll have pretty respectable records. We weren't ready for that [underperformance], but it's good for us. We're happy that we're in the hunt with the way we've been playing.”
On hybrid icing:
“I didn't vote in favor of it, and I'm still not 100% in favor of it. [. . . ] Especially the teams that have those guys that are really quick. For us, Jason Chimera. It's nice to have him be able to beat a guy right at the last second instead of having it whistled down early.”
On coming up with the #AlzyCelly:
“If we're in overtime and there's a chance for a shootout, I start thinking a little bit about what could be the next one. And we've got a pretty good shootout team, so the chances are pretty decent that we'll have a chance to win that.”
Related: Karl Alzner Explains #AlzyCelly: “I Don't Want It to Be a Big Thing!”
On further celebrations, specifically the “hot stick” celebration:
[Deadpan, I think] “It went over pretty good in our league when Ovi did it.”
On which Capitals players are worst at the dog calendar photoshoot:
“Probably Nick Backstrom. He doesn't really like dogs at all, so we always try to give him a puppy so it's a little easier to handle. John Erskine has a dog too. He has a little pomeranian. I don't think he has an issue with dogs, but it's pretty funny to watch him carry it. You can tell he clearly enjoys bigger dogs more. He kinda just grabs the thing like it's a little purse and just walks around with it.”
Alzner also thinks Holtby has a good chance at making the Canadian Olympic team (me too) and muses on keeping in touch with his old buddies from juniors. It's a terrific interview, so please do check out the whole thing.
And stick around after Alzner is done, as Greg Wyshynski shares a rumor that the 2015 Winter Classic may be held at M&T Stadium in Baltimore, Maryland. For obvious reasons, I am very much okay with this. Party at Pickles beforehand. You're buying the first round of Natty Boh.
Advertisements
Share this story: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
Enable and use Chrome built-in Password Generator
Not many of you may know this. Google Chrome browser includes a built-in Password Generator, which can generate complex passwords for you when you are signing up for new online services. Currently, it is not enabled by default; you will have to enable it first so that you can use this useful feature.
Chrome Password Generator
For this feature to work, you will need to be signed in to your Google Account. In case you are not, then open your Chrome web browser, type chrome://settings in the address bar and hit Enter. Here, under Settings, you will see the option to Sign in to Chrome.
Ensure that the Password box is checked. This allows Chrome to sync the passwords that you generate using Chrome.
Once you have done this, type chrome://flags in the address bar and hit Enter.
Click Ctrl+F to open the search bar and search for Enable password generation.
You will find the setting as Default. From the drop-down menu, select Enabled. Scroll down and click on the Relaunch Now button. This will enable the Chrome Password Generator.
Now the next time you go on to sign up for any online service when you click inside the Password box, Chrome will suggest you a password.
The password will be a strong password. If you select it, it will also save and sync your password using your Google account. You do not need to save the password that is generated. It happens automatically.
Read: Google Chrome tips & tricks.
This feature will work for sites that work with both Password Managers and Autofill.
Read this post if you are looking for some good free Password Managers for Windows 10/8/7.
Anthopoulos typically is very aggressive at these meetings, and in a lot of cases, he has put in motion a series of deals. Whether it was last year's trade with the Marlins or the Roy Halladay sweepstakes in 2009, a lot of important dialogue has taken place at this annual event.
TORONTO -- There usually isn't a lot of activity at the General Managers Meetings, but it's still likely where Blue Jays general manager Alex Anthopoulos will lay the groundwork for his approach this offseason.
TORONTO -- There usually isn't a lot of activity at the General Managers Meetings, but it's still likely where Blue Jays general manager Alex Anthopoulos will lay the groundwork for his approach this offseason.
Anthopoulos typically is very aggressive at these meetings, and in a lot of cases, he has put in motion a series of deals. Whether it was last year's trade with the Marlins or the Roy Halladay sweepstakes in 2009, a lot of important dialogue has taken place at this annual event.
That trend likely will continue on Monday when the GM Meetings officially open in Orlando, Fla., as Anthopoulos attempts to begin checking things off his offseason wish list.
The top priority can be found on the mound, where the Blue Jays are believed to be in the market for at least one and possibly two starting pitchers. The only Toronto starters with guaranteed jobs in 2014 are knuckleballer R.A. Dickey, left-hander Mark Buehrle and most likely right-hander Brandon Morrow.
The current candidates for the remaining two spots include Esmil Rogers, Todd Redmond, J.A. Happ, Drew Hutchison, Kyle Drabek, Ricky Romero, Marcus Stroman and possibly Dustin McGowan. It's a long list, but the rotation as a whole would be a lot stronger with the addition of a front- to mid-rotation starter.
Free-agent pitchers Ubaldo Jimenez and Matt Garza should attract a lot of interest, while the potential arrival of Japanese right-hander Masahiro Tanaka likely will be a big topic of conversation in the Sunshine State. Bronson Arroyo and Scott Kazmir are other intriguing free agents, and Toronto fan favorite Halladay also became available when Philadelphia declined to pick up his $20 million option for 2014.
The trade market should become more clear in the coming days when the league's GMs have an opportunity to meet face-to-face. Left-hander David Price is expected to be available from the Rays, and a much larger list of names should start trickling out when the Hot Stove season begins in earnest.
Toronto is also in the market for a second baseman and possibly a starting catcher. Free agents Mark Ellis and A.J. Pierzynski would make a lot of sense as potential targets, while Cincinnati reportedly has second baseman Brandon Phillips and catcher Ryan Hanigan on the trading block.
It's not immediately clear which direction the always secretive Anthopoulos will take this offseason, but a look back at previous Winter Meetings suggests some future plans will be put in place next week at the Swan & Dolphin Resort.
Twelve-player trade with Miami: The massive 12-player deal wasn't officially completed until Nov. 19, 2012, but the premise really started coming together at the GM Meetings earlier that month. The talks between Anthopoulos and Marlins president of baseball operations Larry Beinfest originally centered around Josh Johnson but eventually expanded to include the likes of Jose Reyes, Buehrle and John Buck.
Free-agent signing of Maicer Izturis: The Blue Jays moved quickly last offseason by officially signing Izturis on Day 2 of the GM Meetings. Izturis reportedly received offers for two years, but it was Toronto's three-year deal for $9 million which ultimately won out. Izturis was expected to help fill the void at second base, but he struggled during his first season with the Blue Jays by hitting just .236 with a .597 OPS.
Dickey trade talks: Shi Davidi and John Lott recently revealed in their new book "Great Expectations" that the Blue Jays first talked to the Mets about Dickey at last year's GM Meetings. The deal didn't come together until mid-December, but the two sides originally broke the ice in Indian Wells, Calif.
Halladay: Anthopoulos was the center of attention at his first GM Meetings back in November 2009. Halladay was on his way out of Toronto, and Anthopoulos was the one trying to facilitate a deal. The trade didn't actually go through until mid-December, but there were lots of rumors in the weeks leading up to that point and the Meetings in Chicago.
No. 1 Alabama will be closer to full strength against Kentucky this Saturday.
Saban says the NCAA suspensions for CB Tony Brown and DL Johnny Dwight have expired & are eligible again: "We're happy to have them back." — Alex Byington (@abyingtonTD) September 26, 2016
The NCAA had suspended Tony Brown for the first six games of the season, but the school successfully appealed to have his suspension reduced to four games. The junior defensive back was suspended due to a violation of team rules just days before Alabama's 38-0 Cotton Bowl win against Michigan State last season, and he also missed the CFP title game.
Brown is a former 5-star recruit who should see some playing time as a nickel or dime back now that he's eligible again. We'll find out just how much action he sees when the Crimson Tide host Kentucky at 7 p.m. ET on ESPN.
Slide Show
The New York Times Year in Pictures 2015, published online this week, was edited by the deputy photo editor Meaghan Looram and Jeffrey Scales, the photo editor of The Sunday Review. James Estrin spoke with them about the complex process of choosing the photos. Their conversation has been edited.
Q.
How many photos do you look at while choosing the Year in Pictures?
Jeffrey: About 150,000.
Meaghan: Wow, that's so specific.
Jeffrey: I've been asked this question before.
Meaghan: It's many tens of thousands. We do our best to try to look over everything that has been shot by our staff photographers as well as everything that's been shot on assignment for us. We're also searching by wire agency and by topic. For one staff photographer, you're looking at several thousand images for the year. So it adds up pretty quickly.
The Year in Pictures 2015 The entire selection of images chosen for The New York Times Year in Pictures 2015. The Year in Pictures Interactive
Jeffrey: Today I probably looked at, what, eight, nine thousand?
Meaghan: Same here, because I'm going through everything from December. So far in December we've got 22,000 images that have been filed to us on assignment.
Jeffrey: We go back over certain topics, like San Bernardino, five times.
Q.
Why so many times?
Jeffrey: Sometimes new things come in.
Meaghan: But also, there are topics that we feel were essential news of the year that may not have suggested themselves as a photograph of the year. So we're looking back to sort out if we can represent that topic with a photograph that's strong enough to hold up to the rest of the collection.
Q.
Is this collection the best photos of the year? The news of the year in photos? What exactly is this?
Jeffrey: I think it's the most compelling and moving photographs. But the news is what we do here.
Meaghan: Right, I don't think that we pretend that this is an exhaustive survey of everything one should have paid attention to from a news or story perspective. But since this is a collection of the best news photography, it should be representative of many of the important stories of the year. It just won't be exhaustive. Because in a lot of cases there are hugely important stories that don't have very strong visuals to illustrate them.
Q.
What is a Pictures of the Year photo? How do you define that?
Jeffrey: A masterfully crafted photograph. Use of frame, focus choices, compelling drama, the things that define great photography. Photojournalism, specifically.
Meaghan: There is a lot of variety in the collection, so it's hard to isolate exactly what that iconic picture is. But it really needs to stand alone rather than in the context of some greater story or presentation.
Q.
Well, how many rounds do you do? One, two, three times?
Meaghan: Many, many times.
Q.
Sounds so exhaustive. I had no idea.
Meaghan: It is exhaustive. Jeffrey and I have worked together on this project for many years now. This year, we were a little bit more disciplined about starting our process in January. And since I work on the front page, I'm aware of a lot of the work being shot day to day. So at the end of every month, I would set aside photos from important stories and images that had made an impression.
When October rolled around and we were starting to look a little more in earnest, we had the backbone of something to start with. We have a very extensive spreadsheet that helps us track which of us has researched which topic. And it's got the names of many, many photographers we want to keep an eye on, the names of many agencies and also a running list of topics that we want to make sure that we've looked through and covered.
Jeffrey and I start working together in late October, and we roughly throw things that interest us into monthly gathers; I wouldn't even call them edits at that point. We slowly weed out and curate and refine these collections. And then we start to get a better sense of which topics are over-represented, which topics feel like they're missing.
Jeffrey: At least two or three different times. We also go through the collection of the section fronts for the year. Because that can really remind you of stories that were big.
Q.
So you go through every section front?
Jeffrey: The front page and every section front.
Q.
The Times wants to publish Pictures of the Year, but for you individually, why do this?
Jeffrey: For me, it's to look at the great work that's been produced over the year. Because I work in Opinion I don't look at as much of the news photography as Meaghan does as a front-page editor. But seeing the breadth of the work, like the migrant coverage, is very exciting, very rewarding. But at the same time, it can be a somewhat distressing task to go over the things that happened over the year. Because there are a lot of very brutal images that you don't always want to be reminded of.
Meaghan: It's a mixed bag in that way, because it's really meant to be a celebration of skillfully made photography and enterprising and talented photographers. So on the one hand there is a joy to it. But on the other hand, there's a lot of difficult material. We do try to look for a balance in the imagery that we're selecting. But on the whole. …
Jeffrey: It's a dark world.
Q.
You've been doing this for 10 or so years; what have you learned?
Meaghan: I learned that these collections can never pretend to be totally comprehensive. They are most definitely subjective, because any kind of curated selection of the best photography of the year is going to be in some way a reflection of the taste and judgment and personal outlook of the editors working on it. While we are really comprehensive in our search, I think you have to acknowledge that it still is our personal notion of the best photography. Of course, Michele [McNally, the director of photography] gets involved and the executive editor, Dean Baquet, weighs in, and we get feedback from others.
It's also meant to be The New York Times's best in photography. We're not casting judgment on all photographic material that's been produced in the world this year.
Jeffrey: The Times has a unique viewpoint photographically. And we tried to reflect that pretty heavily.
Q.
Can you describe that viewpoint?
Jeffrey: Look at Sergey's and Mauricio's work [Sergey Ponomarev and Mauricio Lima] from the migrant story or our great staff photographers. They all have a vision that looks distinctly different than, say, the average wire picture.
Meaghan: At The New York Times our photographic operation aspires to a very elevated visual aesthetic — something that is going to feel unique and not the kind of visual storytelling that you can find just anywhere. We are trying to achieve a sophisticated modern aesthetic.
Q.
Do you approach the paper display and the web display differently?
Jeffrey: Much differently. In the paper display you have a two-dimensional field where the pictures have to work together. And there are also many fewer of them. But online, they're moving, you're moving through them one by one.
On the page, they have to work together, and we work with great art directors who make these pages fit together. You might get a picture of a suffering child next to a picture of David Letterman. These are all balances that have to work. This year's art director was Alexandra Zsigmond. She really spent a great deal of time doing many, many versions of each spread in order to have the right balance.
Meaghan: Right. There are juxtapositions of subjects, and there are aesthetic juxtapositions to consider. Editing for a single image is a very different exercise from editing toward a layout on a page or a pair or a digital display. They require totally different considerations.
In the digital display of the images, you experience each image essentially alone. But a strong print layout depends on the relationships between images.
Jeffrey: Each spread has to be designed. I think it's actually a lot more difficult to design the paper layout than to come up with a digital edit.
Q.
What have you learned in this lengthy process about photography, photojournalism and The New York Times? You're both experienced photo editors, but every year you make a dive that very few people in the world make.
Meaghan: The process always reminds me of how crucial a sense of voice, a sense of authorship is in making pictures. We are often looking at many different visual interpretations of the same event, and so it gives me a heightened appreciation for what any individual photographer brings to a story. You aren't just documenting what's happening in front of you. There's a huge amount of decision-making that goes into the kind of picture that you as a photographer are going to make, as opposed to someone who could be standing a foot away from you.
For me, it always reinforces the importance of individual storytelling. You aren't just bringing back evidence, you're making something of your own.
Jeffrey: Each individual photographer puts their small stamp on these events of the world. Because as a photojournalist, you don't get to put a huge stamp on it. It's always interesting to see what photographers are doing and how they are working to distinguish themselves from other people working even in the same locations.
Photo
Q.
So in those 10 years you've been doing this, do you see a difference in the imagery?
Jeffrey: I think there are more very sophisticated photographers out there doing some great work within the technology as it is today.
Q.
What does sophisticated mean in this context?
Meaghan: I think for me that often means a less literal approach to a story. And that's what I mean when I talk about an elevated aesthetic. You're not simply in the right place at the right time proving that something happened. There's a layer of visual language that you're applying to your imagery, that might give it additional meaning.
So take for instance the Steve Crowley image that we have in the collection from Pope Francis's visit to the U.S. A lot of photographers were there when the pope met President Obama at a welcome ceremony in front of the Washington Monument. Steve made the decision to take a position behind them to isolate their very recognizable silhouettes in the frame. That is not a straightforward picture, even though it's a very simple composition. It's quick and it's communicative and it's clever and it's his and his alone.
But I also like this kind of photograph because it's assuming an intelligent, sophisticated viewer who doesn't need the picture to precisely echo the text that's next to it. Because the human brain is complex and able to digest a lot of different kinds of information simultaneously.
I think it's really exciting when photographers use their visual medium to accomplish something that only that medium can accomplish, rather than just trying to replicate what a great reporter might have achieved with their writing. Great photographs tell their own stories.
View the entire selection of images that made The New York Times Year in Pictures 2015.
Follow @JamesEstrin, @mlooram, @JHensonScales and New York Times staff photographers and editors on Twitter. You can also find Lens on Facebook and Instagram.
Introduction:
Previous studies in adolescents were not adequately powered to accurately disentangle genetic and environmental influences on smoking initiation (SI) across adolescence.
Methods:
Mega-analysis of pooled genetically informative data on SI was performed, with structural equation modeling, to test equality of prevalence and correlations across cultural backgrounds, and to estimate the significance and effect size of genetic and environmental effects according to the classical twin study, in adolescent male and female twins from same-sex and opposite-sex twin pairs (N = 19 313 pairs) between ages 10 and 19, with 76 358 longitudinal assessments between 1983 and 2007, from 11 population-based twin samples from the United States, Europe, and Australia.
Results:
Although prevalences differed between samples, twin correlations did not, suggesting similar etiology of SI across developed countries. The estimate of additive genetic contributions to liability of SI increased from approximately 15% to 45% from ages 13 to 19. Correspondingly, shared environmental factors accounted for a substantial proportion of variance in liability to SI at age 13 (70%) and gradually less by age 19 (40%).
Conclusions:
Both additive genetic and shared environmental factors significantly contribute to variance in SI throughout adolescence. The present study, the largest genetic epidemiological study on SI to date, found consistent results across 11 studies for the etiology of SI. Environmental factors, especially those shared by siblings in a family, primarily influence SI variance in early adolescence, while an increasing role of genetic factors is seen at later ages, which has important implications for prevention strategies.
Implications:
This is the first study to find evidence of genetic factors in liability to SI at ages as young as 12. It also shows the strongest evidence to date for decay of effects of the shared environment from early adolescence to young adulthood. We found remarkable consistency of twin correlations across studies reflecting similar etiology of liability to initiate smoking across different cultures and time periods. Thus familial factors strongly contribute to individual differences in who starts to smoke with a gradual increase in the impact of genetic factors and a corresponding decrease in that of the shared environment.
© The Author 2017. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Society for Research on Nicotine and Tobacco. All rights reserved. For permissions, please e-mail: journals.permissions@oup.com.
QR Code Link to This Post
Location: Astoria, NY
it's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
Compensation: no pay
One Rabbi versed in the Dark Talmudic Arts to create one Golem for household of three. Golem will perform rudimentary household chores such as dishes & sweeping, basic Math Tutoring for our daughter in 3rd grade and basic household security. Golem must be obedient and fairly unobtrusive on our every-day lives.We will supply all materials needed (clay, twigs, calfskin parchment, etc) needed to create the Golem. All you need to do is use your magical ancient Rabbinic skills to animate said Golem!Please note! We are looking for a Rabbi to create a Golem: an anthropomorphic being created from inanimate matter from Jewish folk-lore, NOT Gollum: a former Hobbit turned into monster and looking for "precious". This is important! We have no interest in living with Gollum. We want a Golem. Please respond, serious inquiry only.
When Loren Holmes set up shop in the old Marine Parts Northwest building in 1983, business wasn't exactly booming. “We were selling antique furniture, we were selling Christmas trees, we were doing anything to keep going,” recalls Monty Holmes, who at the time was a manager in his father's shop. But its main business, then as now, was athletic awards.
Loren, an engraver by trade, had been in the accolades business since 1949 when he started working in the trophies division of a Seattle sporting-goods firm. He would eventually become a part-owner there, teaching his son the trade while building a client list. When the company decided in the early '80s that it wanted to focus on sports apparel, Loren split, taking with him the trophy business. He gave his business the no-nonsense name Athletic Awards and located it in a single-story 3,900-square-foot building in South Lake Union. He paid $288,000 for the property.
Now the shop stands out in a neighborhood of towering dark glass for its unapologetic yellow paint job, a marquee featuring charming dad jokes (“EVERYTHING BEGINS WITH E,” “TOM WAITS WHILE JEREMY IRONS”) and, looming over the entrance, the “World's Largest Trophy Cup.” A Paul Bunyan-sized trinket constructed by Loren years ago, the trophy could be a fitting award for the the business. After weathering a massive land grab and the many headaches associated with the current building boom, Athletic Awards is one of the few, the proud, the remaining. That future wasn't always a certainty.
Back in 1983, South Lake Union wasn't exactly friendly to retail businesses. Surrounded by warehouses and light manufacturing, there was very little foot traffic for Loren's shop. But Athletic Awards kept growing, bolstered by the company's first computer—a cumbersome device in retrospect, but one that made mass production of custom jobs much easier.
“It was like flying the space shuttle,” Monty says. “You had an A drive and a B drive and these five-and-a-half-inch floppy discs.”
As the business became healthier, other retailers moved in throughout the late '80s. Then in the early '90s came a major threat in the form of a $111 million property-tax levy to fund a massive facelift for the neighborhood that would have displaced 130 businesses, including Athletic Awards, and replaced it with the Seattle Commons, a 61-acre park that would have stretched from downtown to Lake Union. Supporters included then-mayor Norm Rice and big-business interests led by Paul Allen, who loaned the city $20 million to buy the land that would eventually become a kind of “civic lawn” ringed by tech-oriented businesses, restaurants, and condos. Many businesses sold their land and got out, but not Athletic Awards, which helped lead the opposition. “It was us against the Commonistas,” recalls Monty, who was by then president of the company.
Despite raising a small fraction of the money amassed by the pro side, the opposition emerged victorious when the public killed the deal in two separate public votes in 1995 and '96. It was a hard-fought victory for the confederacy of small businesses, but the seeds of redevelopment had been sown. Paul Allen took control of the 11.5 acres of land that Commons supporters had purchased with his loan and waited for Amazon to call.
In the past five years, as cranes moved in and the development boom took off, Monty has watched a number of his neighbors, most of them lease-holders, move out or close up. Because his family owns the property, Monty has no plans to leave the neighborhood. Still, Athletic Awards has faced new challenges, particularly in the past couple years as the construction has expanded to the business's front door. “It really hurt our business because people couldn't get to us,” Monty says. “You could not park in our parking lot, there were back hoes, and you had to take a gangplank to get into the front door. We hung in there and survived.”
But while the construction has created some headaches, it has also increased the value of the property, which was appraised at $3 million in 2015. The boom has also resulted in more business for Athletic Awards, which has since those early days diversified its offerings to include custom embroidery, promotional products, and apparel. Now it counts among its largest clients Microsoft, Google, and Amazon.
“If I would have to do business anywhere in the world, I would pick South Lake Union,” Monty says. “It's a hub of major corporations throughout the world and we are very fortunate to be here.”
mbaumgarten@seattleweekly.com
CORRECTION An earlier version of this story misspelled the name of the president of Athletic Awards, Monty Holmes. We regret the error.
On Friday, CNN New Day invited on the network's race baiting Kamau Bell to talk about the upcoming episode of his show United Shades of America (a show about how America is racist). The episode focuses on American stereotyping of Chinese Americans.
CLARISSA WARD: Kamau Bell joins us now live. And I just wanted to ask about this idea. You know, Chinese-Americans, what's their feeling of connection, or is there a strong feeling of connection, to China, which has become this kind of looming force on the world stage?
KAMANU BELL: Well, I mean, I think that, you know, often America's politicians and then also Americans in general who are not Chinese assume there's some sort of strong connection to China. But when it comes back down to it, for many Chinese people, they've been in this country for maybe several generations. So they may have been to China, but they don't have – they are Americans. They just happen to be Chinese-Americans. But we often force them to sort of answer for China's sins because that's how we work in this country. You are like those people, so you must be those people. So when really the show tonight – the show on Sunday is about how there's a Chinese-American identity that is wholly – that is in some ways wholly separate from China.
Update: Activision has confirmed that Deadpool is gone for good. We've also learned that other titles have been removed from their respective digital delivery services.
Spider-Man: Friend or Foe, Spider-Man: Web of Shadows, Spider-Man: Shattered Dimensions, Spider-Man: Edge of Time, X-Men: The Official Game, X-Men Destiny, and X-Men Origins: Wolverine have now been removed from storefronts. If you have a desire for any of these games, it's recommended that you secure a retail copy as soon as possible. It's likely that no additional copies will be entering retail channels.
Original Story:
High Moon Studios' Deadpool might not have been the best game of 2013, but the Merc with a Mouth (voiced by Nolan North) seems to have taken the less than glowing scores personally. Activision's Marvel-licensed title has disappeared from a number of digital delivery platforms.
The burrito-shaped hole was first noticed by NeoGAF user “Delusibeta.” We have confirmed that the title is absent from Steam, Xbox Live, and PlayStation Network. If you're a PC gamer, you can still buy Steam codes via Amazon and Gamefly. Physical copies of the console versions are also still available.
We're following up with Activision to see if Wade Wilson is gone for good or if he's just pulling a classic Deadpool prank. We'll update once we know more. If you want to embrace your inner psychopath now, you can get your Deadpool fix in Lego Marvel Super Heroes, LittleBigPlanet, and Marvel Heroes.
[via NeoGAF]
Our Take
Deadpool wouldn't be the first license to expire at the end of the year. Yesterday, we reported that the classic Fallout games have been transferred to Bethesda (and in the process have been removed from GoG). Deadpool has been featured in the Steam Holiday Sale, which makes this a little surprising.
Marvel licenses have a tendency to make for time-limited offerings. Marvel Ultimate Alliance DLC is gone forever, and the digital versions of Marvel vs. Capcom 3 and Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3 have been removed from Xbox Live and PSN.
Remember how Github went social justice?
Well elections have consequences
“Coraline”, an autogynophilic male to female transexual, competent programmer, and political commissar, recently got purged from Github by the mandarinate.
Mandarins are priests, and Social Justice Warriors are priests, but social Justice Warriors are primarily into runaway extreme holier than thou holiness, while mandarins are more into politely conforming to the official religion and emitting all the right social signals. Thus the holiness spiral with mandarins tends to be <the current generation>, while the holiness spiral with social justice warriors rolls a lot faster, tending to be <the current year>
“Coraline” claims to be a good programmer by the objective standard of high lines of code contributed, high bugs fixed, high features added, low bugs caused. This is plausible because autogynophiles tend to be good programmers, combining the male propensity for strong and rigid logic, with the female propensity for conformity, obedience, and rule following. Effeminate gay male to female transexuals, on the other hand, combine the female incapacity to do logic, with an extreme form of the male propensity to break the rules and defy authority, showing up for work infrequently, late, and stoned.
But “Coraline” was not hired as a good engineer, but as a social justice warrior that other engineers could respect and take seriously, as a political commissar that could understand what the engineers were actually doing. It was hired by its female non engineer boss, to impose social justice on its fellow engineers.
In restrospect, should have stuck to engineering, for women will never perceive a male to female transexual as genuinely female, and thus, never perceive it as genuinely deserving of their own immensely high social status, thus always in their hearts perceive it as a low status male (redundant, I know, because males are always and automatically low status – observe how the guy in the corner office gets interrupted by his female staff and does not get laid) thus denying it the power and authority that a political commissar needs to be effective, needs to do its political job.
If you want to check to see whether your company's organization chart corresponds to actual status, pay no attention to mere words, but rather watch who interrupts whom, who speaks over whom. Chances are the women speak over and interrupt their merely male boss. The words of the interruption are invariably courteous, helpful, respectful, friendly, and polite, but the fact that it is an interruption is the opposite of courteous, the opposite of helpful, is disrespectful, unfriendly, hostile, hateful, and impolite. It is a shit test. Fertile age women cannot help shit testing men, just as men cannot help looking at a woman's boobs. And if she gets away with interrupting and speaking over your boss, he failed the shit test, no matter how superficially friendly, respectful, and polite the words of her interruption are. Conversely, if he regularly and routinely passes her shit tests, she will probably fuck him, no matter how old, bald, fat, and married he is. No action of his, no matter how gross, will ever constitute sexual harrassment.
Yes, if you are a boss who regularly and routinely passes their inevitable shit tests “you can do anything, you can grab them by the pussy.”
“Coraline” was working as an engineer, and was successful as an engineer, and appreciated for its engineering, when Github recruited it as a political commissar:
They wanted to offer me a job. They had just created a team called Community & Safety, charged with making GitHub more safe for marginalized people
Danger Will Robinson!
Its team was one normal male, two male to female transexuals, two colored women, and a normal female manager. Thus, three real engineers, all low status, and three fake engineers, all high status. And it is a real engineer, and a good one. Danger Will Robinson!
“Coraline” found itself socially isolated at Github. Danger Will Robertson!
This was the first instance of what came to be referred to as my “non-empathetic communication style”.
“Coraline” was talking about social justice issues in the direct, logical, unemotional, and factual style of a male, rather than in the socially required female style. The mandarinate found this low class, which is to say masculine, and did not like it. Danger Will Robinson!
when I joined the video call with my manager, it became clear that something was wrong. She went back to the issue of my lack of empathy in communications and collaboration.
“Coraline” was claiming status as a very holy social justice warrior that the mandarinate was reluctant to grant to a white male – and women will always see an autogynophile as a male, no matter what delusions the autogynophile harbors. So all the high status people on his team were reluctant to accept his holiness status, and incapable of perceiving his competent engineer status.
So, perceiving his attempt at female status had failed, he attempts to kill himself and is involuntarily committed to a mental hospital.
It is not people like me who keep using the wrong pronouns who drive people like “Coraline” to suicide. It is people like his manager, who no matter what pronouns they use, keep acting as if they perceive him as what he is – a man wearing a dress who has cut his dick off and grown boobs. The Opalgate incident, when lots of people piled on him calling him a man in a dress, did not make him in the least suicidal. It was the bad review by his boss, which review effectively amounted to “I can still sense the masculinity in your communication style” that caused his suicide attempt.
When the politically correct say “empathic” they actually mean feminine. If his female boss had actually been empathic, would not have driven him to suicide. They wanted someone who was a competent engineer, but who could also pass as a female social justice warrior, not just in carefully posed still photographs, but interactively. And that is not what they got. Indeed, it is never what they get.
He irreversibly mutilated himself to elevate his status to that of a woman, and his status did not in fact rise. Hence, suicide. Calling him a man in a dress did not adversely affect his perception of his own status, because he perceived those using the wrong pronoun as low status. But he perceived the women in his group as high status, they perceived him as a mere male, no matter what pronoun they used, thus, suicide.
In the past several months GitHub has fired at least three transgender engineers
He was fired for being interactively unconvincing as a woman.
and many more cisgender women.
With Trump in power, less need to pretend women are engineerettes.
Prominent people who were trying to effect positive change in the company culture have quit.
Social Justice Warriors have quit, perhaps one step ahead of being fired.
… In a return to its meritocratic roots, the company has decided to move forward with a merit-based stock option program despite criticism from employees who tried to point out its inherent unfairness.
That merit is inherently “unfair” is an implicit admission that women are inferior at activites in the male sphere and coloreds are just inferior.
And the widely publicized results of the open source survey show that the company's platform is still not appealing to anyone but straight white guys.
The company's platform is quite appealing to autogynophilic male to female transexuals, who are heavily overrepresented. And the rest cannot code. Ability to code is a pre-requisite for actually finding the company's platform useful.
Tags: affirmative action, appeasement, decline of the west, false life plan, the trumpening
OSLO, Norway, Jan. 21 (UPI) -- A Norwegian Airlines flight from Bangkok was aborted before takeoff after passengers said they spotted fuel pouring out of a valve on the plane's wing.
The new Boeing 787 Dreamliner was on the runway preparing to fly to Oslo when the leak was spotted, TheLocal.no reported Tuesday.
"We started to point out the window, so that the stewardess became aware of it, and she looked out of the window and picked up the phone," passenger Ann Kristin Balto said. "I don't know who she called but the plane stopped immediately afterwards."
Charlotte Holmbergh Jacobsson, a spokeswoman for Norwegian Airlines, confirmed the leak. She said the passengers had not been in danger because the pilot would have detected the leak from the plane's instruments.
The airline paid for hotel rooms for the passengers. They left on the next available flight and arrived in Oslo 19 hours late.
It was a little after 1 a.m. Friday when Dallas Police Chief David Brown told Mayor Mike Rawlings that he planned to kill the sniper who gunned down five police officers -- and how he planned to do it.
The mayor and the chief had rushed to Parkland Memorial Hospital to be with the families of fallen officers even as a standoff with the gunman continued downtown.
"When we got out at Parkland the chief told me, 'OK, I've made the decision that we're going to blow this guy up,'" Rawlings said Saturday.
Specifically, Brown told the mayor that officers would use a remote-controlled robot to detonate a brick of plastic explosive -- C4. Police departments across the country have been training for that very scenario for years. But this is believed to be the first time a chief has ever made the call to use explosives to kill a suspect and end a standoff.
Rawlings detailed for the first time how and when Brown made the decision -- one Rawlings said he was "very happy" with, both at the time and after the mayor learned Dallas had done something no other department has done.
"As I talked to [Brown] about the upside of that decision," the mayor said, "it sounded good to me.'"
A MAN suffered horrific spinal injuries during a police raid on a house when he was tasered in the head and allegedly thrown to the ground.
Plumber Mark Ratcliff is a quadriplegic as a result of the September 4 raid in which his vertebrae were smashed, rupturing his spinal cord.
The 24-year-old has been in intensive care for more than a month and has recovered enough to talk only in the past few weeks.
Mr Ratcliff said he was asleep on the couch at a friend's house in St James when police broke through the door. They were executing a search warrant looking for drugs.
He recalls being startled and said he ran towards the front door on instinct, but said he never made it outside because he was stopped by police and thrown to the floor.
“I remember a big bang when they kicked the door in,” Mr Ratcliff said.
“I jumped straight up to see what the fuss was – someone's kicked the door down on my mate's house. I wanted to know what was going on. I remember getting thrown; I don't remember getting tasered.”
A scar on his skull and another on his hand show where the taser barbs embedded.
But Mr Ratcliff believes it was being thrown to the ground that shattered the vertebrae in his neck and ruptured his spinal cord.
In a written statement, a spokeswoman for WA Police Commissioner Karl O'Callag-han said internal affairs was investigating whether the officers used excessive force.
The Corruption and Crime Commission will oversee the investigation.
The statement said officers were involved in a “struggle” with the 24-year-old.
“A taser was deployed by one of the officers and the man has fallen to the ground and received an injury to his neck,” the statement said.
On the day of his injury, police told the hospital's emergency department staff that Mr Ratcliff had been running away with his head down.
He was tasered and head-butted the ground when he fell, resulting in the injuries.
They also told staff he may have been using drugs or alcohol, but Mr Ratcliff denies this. He said he had used drugs in the past but not on that day, and declared he “never had a criminal record”.
Mr Ratcliff has no feeling from the chest down and minimal movement in his arms. He breathes through a tracheotomy tube and requires 24-hour nursing care.
“I am grieving for my past life – it's like losing someone; I have lost myself,” he said.
Lawyer John Hammond, who is acting for Mr Ratcliff, said he was investigating WA Police's legal liability in relation to the incident.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions (Jonathan Ernst/Reuters)
The attorney general should not resign for having done the right thing in recusing himself from the Russia investigation.
I wish Jeff Sessions held more libertarian views on things like the so-called War on Drugs and asset forfeiture. But if Americans wanted a more libertarian attorney general, then they should have elected Rand Paul or Ted Cruz.
They elected Donald Trump, Donald Trump is entitled to appoint an attorney general who broadly shares his policy views, and Jeff Sessions is probably the best the Trump administration is going to do: He is smart, competent, and principled — and so, naturally, the Trump administration wants him gone.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Sessions should not go gently.
Trump does not take advice very well. But Senator Mitch McConnell, who rarely indulges lost causes, has nonetheless tried to advise the president that Sessions's decision to recuse himself from the Russia investigation — the proximate cause of Trump's displeasure with him — was proper and ethically necessary. Even Newt Gingrich, whose rapid descent into sycophancy has been terrible to behold, has tried to advise the president that firing the attorney general over his compliance with a fairly straightforward ethical standard would be an error.
Advertisement
President Trump, as usual, does not quite understand what is going on around him. He thinks that the attorney general is his lawyer. But the attorney general, like the other members of the cabinet, does not work for the president. He serves at the president's pleasure — he works for the American people, as does the president himself. His job is not to serve the president politically or personally, for instance by violating ordinary ethical standards in order to keep his hand in a potentially embarrassing federal investigation. The conflation of the national interest and the national business with the president's interest and the president's business is one of the unhappy byproducts of our new cult of the imperial presidency, which did not originate with Trump and his movement but which certainly has grown worse with the ascent of Trumpism.
Advertisement
There are many reasons for Sessions to remain on the job. For one, as my friend Michael Brendan Dougherty points out, immigration reform would be very difficult to achieve without Sessions in the administration. As the rolling fiasco that is the Republican effort at health-care reform so dramatically demonstrates, trying to achieve a major policy reform without intelligent and legislatively literate leadership from within the executive branch is very difficult to pull off — you need an executive to execute. President Trump, who has been all over the map on what is, after all, his keystone issue, is not going to provide that leadership. Without Sessions on the job, who will? Steve Bannon? Jared Kushner? Ivanka Trump?
Good luck with that.
Beyond that, Trump needs a few intelligent and reasonably prudent men around him to save him from his own worst tendencies. If it is the case that Trump has in mind a Richard Nixon–style Saturday Night Massacre — which is to say, if he intends to fire Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and/or special investigator Robert Mueller, a possibility broached by Corey Lewandowski, among others — Sessions needs to remain in place as a firewall between the president and that potentially disastrous course of action. If the case against Sessions is that he has been insufficiently attentive to the political needs of the president, then we can assume that his replacement would be a more deferential man.
Advertisement
We also ought to keep in mind the not inconsequential fact that on the question of his recusal, Sessions is in the right. There is a Justice Department investigation into the Trump campaign; Jeff Sessions served on the Trump campaign; Jeff Sessions cannot be directly involved in the investigation into a political campaign of which he was an active part. This is an ethical necessity, and one that is not to be set aside at the whim of the president or in service to the president's political needs. For Sessions to voluntarily step aside for having done the right thing would muddy those waters to the detriment of his reputation and, more important, to the detriment of our national standard for ethical conduct in government, or whatever remains of it.
The Obama administration's naked politicization of everything from the IRS to the EPA to the DOJ did enormous damage to the credibility of our governmental institutions. Reestablishing that credibility will prove a long and difficult task, and the first step of that thousand-mile journey is: Stop making things worse. That means affirming that the Justice Department and its executive are instruments of American government, not instruments of presidential convenience.
Advertisement Advertisement
If the Trump presidency is to be saved from total disaster — and I am not confident it can be — it will be saved by the fact that President Trump has in the main managed to surround himself with very good people: Scott Pruitt, Betsy DeVos, Rick Perry, Kevin Hassett, Tom Price. It will fall upon these people to tell the president what he needs to hear, even — especially — when he is not inclined to hear it. Jeff Sessions is probably the best the Trump administration is going to do as attorney general, and for him to allow himself to be pressured into resigning for having done the right thing on the Russia investigation would be a public disservice unworthy of Sessions's admirable career in office.
Jeff Sessions may not have known what exactly he was getting into when he accepted the job. But accept it he did, and it is his to-do.
Advertisement
READ MORE:
Don't Resign, Jeff
Editorial: The President Is Treating His Attorney General Shamelessly
Losing Jeff Sessions Means Losing Immigration Reform
— Kevin D. Williamson is National Review's roving correspondent.
Irish Presidential election favorite Michael D Higgins has admitted that he smoked dope – and he did inhale.
The Labor Party candidate has confessed to smoking marijuana when he was a student at Indiana University in the 60s.
The Galway academic has confirmed to the Irish Independent newspaper that he smoked a joint when he moved from his local university to America.
He also told the paper that he had never taken drugs in any other form and completely rejected the common theory at the time that drugs could be used to ‘expand consciousnesses.
_________________
Read More:
Michael D. Higgins, ahead of Gallagher and McGuinness in Irish presidential race
A president with no power - what the Irish leader can and cannot do
Independent candidate Sean Gallagher gaining support in Irish presidential race
_________________
“I saw people try LSD but I would have been terrified because of those I saw become dependent on drugs,” Higgins told the Irish Independent.
The Labor Party's big hope to win the Presidential election, Higgins has also confirmed that he was a member of Fianna Fail during his time at University College Galway.
He was even elected chairman of the Kevin Barry branch of the party on the day he joined the party in the spring of 1966.
Higgins insisted in an interview with the paper that he left Fianna Fail a few months later when he went to study in Indiana and said he was not involved in any electioneering or fundraising for the party during the time he spent in the university cumann (branch).
DJs all over the world are now deliberately making mistakes during their mixes to prove to fans and critics that they are in fact real DJs.
The latest craze, known as miss-mixing, is proving very popular amongst digital DJs as a way of highlighting that they are actually manually mixing tracks rather than using the sync button.
Michael Briscoe, also know as DJ Whopper, spoke about miss-mixing with Wunderground, “Flawless mixing is now a thing of the past, especially for any up and coming digital DJs. You just can't afford to mix without mistakes these days or you'll be labelled as a ‘sync button DJ.'”
“I learned how to mix on vinyl years ago so naturally I'm pretty tight when it comes to matching beats,” continued the resident DJ. “I swapped to digital format a couple of years ago because it's convenient, now I spend more time practicing making mistakes than I do practice actual mixing.”
“I like to drop in on the second or third beat, leave it play for a couple of bars and then quickly correct myself,” explained Mr. Briscoe. “It's subtle yet affective, I call it The Perplexer. People who don't know what they're listening to won't even notice it while other DJs will be thinking ‘that's a great mistake, who is this DJ Whopper lad anyway?' d'ya know what I mean?”
While miss-mixing is becoming increasingly popular with the next generation of DJs it is not a new technique, with veteran DJs such as Ricardo Villalobos, despite being a vinyl DJ, practicing it since the late 90's.
“I've been miss-mixing for years now,” revealed Villalobos recently. “Usually as a result of forgetting where I am or what I was doing because I've taken too much of something but I've also done it intentionally once or twice.”
“I like to hear DJs making the occasional mistake,” continued the Chilean-German DJ, “it helps to remind you that the guy up there DJing is just a human too, which is very important at my shows because the audience often mistakes me for some sort of techno robot, fueled by a passion for good tunes and a cocktail of every drug know to man.”
Reports that EDM superstars Hardwell and Nicky Romero have started miss-mixing have been proved false after a source close to both Dutch DJs revealed that “they weren't intentionally fucking up at all” and the mistakes in their sets were a “result of them both being shit” and “not having a fucking clue what they're doing”.
The headquarters of the Democratic National Committee is seen in Washington, U.S. June 14, 2016. REUTERS/Gary Cameron
By Mark Hosenball, Dustin Volz and Jonathan Landay
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. government for the first time on Friday formally accused Russia of a campaign of cyberattacks against Democratic Party organizations ahead of the Nov. 8 presidential election.
"We believe, based on the scope and sensitivity of these efforts, that only Russia's senior-most officials could have authorized these activities," a U.S. government statement said on Friday about hacking of political groups.
"These thefts and disclosures are intended to interfere with the U.S. election process," the statement said.
U.S. intelligence officials concluded weeks ago that the Russian government was conducting or orchestrating cyberattacks against the Democratic National Committee and the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, possibly to disrupt or discredit the election, in which Democrat Hillary Clinton faces Republican Donald Trump.
A Kremlin spokesman called the U.S. allegations "nonsense", the Interfax news agency reported. [nR4N18A00O]
The Obama administration's decision to blame Russia for the attacks is the latest downward turn in Washington's relations with Moscow, which are under strain over Russia's actions in Syria and Ukraine and in cyberspace.
Also on Friday, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said Russian and Syrian actions in the Syrian civil war, including bombings of hospitals, "beg for" a war crimes investigation.
In addition, a U.S. intelligence official said Friday that Russia is moving short-range nuclear-capable missiles into Kaliningrad, a tiny Russian enclave between Poland and Lithuania, confirming Estonian news reports.
Clinton's campaign chairman, John Podesta, said public blaming for the hacks left one remaining question of "why Donald Trump continues to make apologies for the Russians." Trump had previously expressed doubt about Russia's involvement. In July, he suggested Russia should attempt to retrieve and publish emails from Clinton's private server.
Trump's campaign did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Hours after the U.S. government's accusation was levied, WikiLeaks posted hundreds of emails on its website purportedly hacked from Podesta's private account.
CHANGE IN TONE
Until Friday, the administration had avoided publicly naming Russia in connection with the mounting civilian deaths in Syria or the cyberattacks.
The statement by the Department of Homeland Security and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence did not blame the Russian government for hacking attempts against state election systems, but said "scanning and probing" of those systems originated in most cases from servers operated by a Russian company.
However, a Department of Homeland Security spokesman told Reuters that U.S. officials have concluded that the hacking attacks or probes of state voter registration systems are "consistent with Russian motivations."
Concern has grown about the reliability of the U.S. voting system as a result of the breach, and Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has called the system "rigged," but without providing specific evidence.
U.S. intelligence officials have said there is no evidence that voting recording systems have been manipulated.
Naming Russia as the actor behind the cyberattacks on political organizations falls short of more punitive measures the United States has taken against other countries for cyber intrusions.
Lawmakers of both political parties welcomed the formal accusation. Republican Senator Cory Gardner, chairman of the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific and International Cybersecurity, said he planned to introduce sanctions legislation. [nL2N1CD26N]
Earlier this year, a U.S. grand jury indicted seven Iranians employed by two Iran-based computer companies on hacking charges into U.S. financial sector. In 2015, Obama announced sanctions against North Korea for hacking into Sony Pictures. In 2014, the United States charged five Chinese military hackers for economic espionage aimed at U.S. nuclear, metals and solar industries.
A senior U.S. official said the administration is considering other retaliatory steps against Russia, but he declined to identify them. Those steps may remain covert, the official said.
Donald Trump has denounced his opponents as being controlled by “special interests, the lobbyists, and the donors,” but a number of pro-Trump delegates helped crush an effort by two members of the Republican Party's rules committee last week to ban for-profit lobbyists from the Republican National Committee.
Republican state Reps. Mary Anne Kinney of Maine and Cindy Pugh of Minnesota introduced an amendment at a rules committee session that would ban registered lobbyists for for-profit entities from serving as members of the RNC.
“This amendment is meant to keep those with a financial stake in being on the RNC [out]. … Nonprofit lobbyists are exempt,” Ted Cruz delegate Kinney explained, saying that lobbyists for pro-life groups, for instance, would not be barred.
“As a state representative, I've witnessed firsthand the influence of paid lobbyists,” said Pugh, also elected as a Cruz delegate. “Our Republican Party should be giving voice to everyday, hardworking citizens, and not giving in to the voices of insider lobbyists.”
She went on to cite Trump's own stated posture against lobbyists, and the influence of lobbyists on the Democratic Party — saying that “Republicans need to make a bold statement that we stand in contrast and have higher standards” than their opponents. (The DNC has welcomed lobbyists this year, in a change from the Obama era.)
An objection was raised by California delegate Harmeet Dhillon, who works as a corporate lawyer and serves as both a Trump delegate and a vice chair of the California GOP. “Banning people from participating in politics because of their chosen profession,” she said, is “un-American.”
“Once we single out lobbyists, we're looking at singling out other potential disfavored professions. Such as plaintiffs lawyers, such as used car salesmen … such as farmers people don't like,” she said. Kinney, the delegate from Maine, is a farmer.
Another corporate lawyer, Mike Stuart, the co-chair of Donald Trump's West Virginia campaign, rose in opposition as well.
“I truly believe that every state should be able to determine its representatives to the RNC. Whether that be three priests, three pastors, three lobbyists, three coal miners, or three coal miners from Southern West Virginia!” he said. “It's a state' rights issue.”
Gwen Bowen, a Louisiana Cruz delegate, praised the amendment for its optics. “There are a lot of lobbyists on this committee right now, and you know we have a media watching,” she said. “And so we have an opportunity to say the Republican Party is the grassroots party. And it's the grassroots people who are going to make the decisions for the rules — not the lobbyists, the paid lobbyists.”
Illinois delegate Demetra Demonte, who has voiced frustration with delegates who do not want to vote for Trump, called the amendment “well-intended” but “not practical. I think it's going to open up a Pandora's box.”
Oregon delegate Solomon Yue protested: “We have conflicts of interest here. … You have paid lobbyists, they are paid to lobby for a third party for profits and for favorable regulations. That is crony capitalism.” He said Trump would approve. “Take a look at our nominee Donald Trump's message, how he got where he is today. I'm supporting this measure.”
But Maine's Alexander Willet, who was tapped by the Trump campaign to put down any potential convention revolt, made her position clear: “It should be up to the individual states when electing their national committee folks when making that decision whether they want a registered lobbyist or not.”
After 45 minutes of debate, the committee voted down not only the amendment to bar lobbyists, but also an amendment to the amendment that simply would have required that they disclose their lobbying activities to the RNC. Both were defeated along a voice vote, meaning that there was no roll call. Asked for comment on the vote total, RNC spokesperson Audrey Scagnelli told The Intercept that the Kinney-Pugh amendment was defeated “overwhelmingly.”
Physicist: A little!
The movement of Earth, as well as the Earth's gravity, change how much time we experience compared to other objects in the universe. If we were to occasionally compare our clocks to clocks in tight orbits around black holes or neutron stars we'd find they run slower than ours, and if we compare with clocks floating deep in the middle of nowhere we'd find that those clocks run a little faster than ours.
However, there's no “true” time to experience; you can never experience time wrong. Time is relative which means that we can compare how time is passing for any two things, but there's no ultimate “clock of the universe” to compare with. Your watch, no matter where you are or how you're moving, will always read 1 second per second. That is, you'll never see yourself in fast-forward or slow-motion. In that sense we can't help but experience time correctly. Each of us may as well declare that our clock is the One True Clock, and everyone else's is wrong.
Simply moving fast in a straight line isn't enough to make your clock objectively run slowly compared to other clocks. If two folk run past each other they both see the other experiencing less time and, weirdly enough, this isn't a paradox and they're both “right”. There are two effects that do objectively (in a way that everyone in the universe can agree) cause clocks to run slow: the very poorly named “twin paradox” and gravity.
In spacetime the “length” (spacetime interval) of a trip is measured by a clock that makes that trip. It turns out (this is not obvious, but it can be understood) that the shortest trips are the ones that are the most circuitous. If you watch the ball drop on New Years and stay put for a year until the next ball drop, then you've made a pretty straight trip (in spacetime) between those two events. This path is straight, so it's long, and your clock will read more. Instead, if you spend that year zipping around the solar system as fast as you can before coming back for the next New Years, then your path was decidedly not straight (in spacetime). This all-over-the-place path is short and your clock will read less. “The longest spacetime distance between two points is a straight line” may sound utterly insane, but it works. Long story short: if your trip involves a loop, then your clock is falling behind.
As it happens, the Earth spins on its axis and orbits the Sun and, along with the rest of the solar system and all the stars that we can see, orbits the galaxy as well. Each of these are loops, not straight lines, and each time the Earth makes one of these circuits it falls a little behind any clock that didn't. This is a little hypothetical: in order to get a clock to sit in the same place while the Earth does an orbit to meet up with it every year, it would need a big rocket (it's not orbiting the Sun, so it should be falling into it).
As fortune would have it, you can just use the gamma function, , to find the time dilation caused by running in a loop (for more complex paths, like those with different speeds, you still use the gamma function but you need calculus too). The velocity of the spinning Earth at the equator is about 0.5 km/s, we orbit the Sun at about 30 km/s, and the whole kit and kaboodle orbits the galaxy at about 200 km/s. The difference in time experienced between people living in Longyearbyen (near the pole) and people living in Ecuador (near the equator) is about one part in a trillion, which gives those proud Norwegians an extra second every 25 thousand years. Don't spend that second all in one place, Norwegians.
The time dilation from the biggest of these speeds, our movement around the galaxy, amounts to one part in 4.5 million. That amounts to an extra second every couple months or an extra half solar year for every galactic year.
The second effect to consider is the curvature of space time caused by (or which is) gravity. Things that are lower experience less time than things that are higher. This can be explained (and even verified) by measuring how the frequency of light changes when it travels vertically in a gravity field. The details are terrible, but for most practical purposes (“most practical purposes” = “not black holes”) you can find the time dilation between two altitudes by figuring out how fast something would be moving if it fell from the higher to the lower and plugging that v into .
It's reasonable to say that if you're infinitely far away from something then you're outside of its gravitational influence and your clock should be running “right”. If you fell from “infinitely far away” to the surface of something big, you'd be moving at the excellently named “escape velocity” of that big something. If you try to leave a planet moving slower than the escape velocity, then eventually you'll fall back. Excellent name.
To escape the Earth from the ground you need 11 km/s. More difficult is escaping the Sun (from Earth's orbit) which requires 42 km/s. To leave our galaxy (from here) you need somewhere between 500 and 600 km/s. This time dilation from the Milky Way's gravity has the biggest effect of those mentioned here.
The spinning of the Earth and the orbiting of the Sun do affect the amount of time you experience, but not by a lot. Despite being closer to the Earth than the bulk of the galaxy, it's our orbits around, and position in, our galaxy that affects our experience of time the most.
By virtue of being a member of the Milky Way, we experience about 1 second per week less than someone hanging out deep in the intergalactic void. Most of that comes from the effects of our galaxy's gravity directly; not from the motion of our planet.
Glyphosate/Roundup, falsely claimed by Monsanto to be safe and harmless, has become the world's most widely and pervasively used herbicide; it has brought rising tides of birth defects, cancers, fatal kidney disease, sterility, and dozens of other illnesses - more
Marked Deterioration of Public Health Parallels Increase in GM Crops and Glyphosate Use, US Government Data Show
The steep rise in incidence of 22 chronic diseases in the US correlates strongly with the increase in GM crops and the application of glyphosate-based herbicides Prof Peter Saunders
Ample evidence of glyphosate toxicity already exists
Despite what the manufacturers say, there is ample evidence to show that glyphosate, the active ingredient of Monsanto's Roundup, Syngenta's Touchdown, Dow's Durango and many other herbicides, is highly toxic and a serious hazard to human and animal health. There is documentation of miscarriages, birth defects, carcinogenesis, endocrine disruption, DNA damage, neurotoxicity, and toxicity to liver and kidney at levels well below recommended agricultural use (See, for example, first Chapter of [1] Ban GMOS Now , ISIS special report, [2] Glyphosate and Cancer, SiS 62). Several countries, among them Denmark, The Netherlands, France, El Salvador and Sri Lanka have recognised the dangers imposed total or partial bans on the use of glyphosate, though the ban in Sri Lanka was lifted under pressure from the manufacturers (Sri Lanka Partially Bans Glyphosate for Deadly Kidney Disease Epidemic [3]) .
Other countries, especially those with large chemical and biotech industries and/or a major commitment to industrial farming, take a totally different view. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) recently increased the permitted tolerance levels for glyphosate residues in food. The European Food Safe Agency (EFSA) has recommended the re-approval of glyphosate for use in Europe with an increase in acceptable daily intake (ADI) from 0.3 to 0.5 mg per kg body weight. It is not surprising that EFSA reached this decision; the review was in fact carried out by a ‘Glyphosate Task Force' (GTF) made up of a consortium of chemical companies including Monsanto, and based its conclusions largely on reports submitted by the manufacturers (Scandal of Glyphosate Re-assessment in Europe [4]).
The industry does its best to keep evidence of glyphosate toxicity out of the public's view and the public record. The recent improper unilateral retraction of a published paper by Séralini and his group ([5], Support Séralini Team for New GMO and Pesticide Risk Research [6], Retracting Séralini Study Violates Science and Ethics [7] ) is a case in point. It followed the appointment by the journal of a former Monsanto employee to a newly created editorial post. Unusually, it was done in the open. We know of other cases that were not made so public, and possibly many more that we have not even heard about.
That's not all. Confidential papers obtained from the US EPA by Moms Across America under the Freedom of Information Act contain studies carried out by industry showing that glyphosate is lethal to shrimps, fish, oysters and canaries after 96 hours, and at concentrations of <1 to hundreds of parts per million (ppm), to which humans are routinely exposed [8].
Millions of Americans are said to have been eating GM food with no ill effects
The argument that the industry relies on most heavily is that for fifteen or more years, millions of Americans have been eating GM food, or food that have been sprayed with glyphosate, or both, and they have not been harmed; and this surely proves beyond doubt that neither GMOs nor glyphosate are hazardous to health [9]. This is obviously a totally unscientific statement; because there has been no GM labelling in the US, it is impossible to tell how much GM food anyone has eaten. Nevertheless, physicist and former scientific adviser to the US Navy Nancy Swanson realised that it is possible to examine the health status of the nation before and after the introduction of GM food and the sharp increase in glyphosate herbicides that went with it. What she and her colleagues found was devastating.
Over the past fifteen or twenty years there has been a large increase in the number of Americans suffering from a whole range of chronic diseases. This is the same period over which there has been a very large increase both in GM crops and in the use of glyphosate-based herbicides [10]. The team have made use of the best available government data from the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) for the incidence of diseases, and the Department of Agriculture (USDA) for GM crops grown and glyphosate herbicide used.
Because there are records for each year, it is possible to compare how both GMOs and glyphosate on the one hand and the various diseases on the other have changed over time. And the results are striking. Graph after graph showed the same parallel increases over time. On example is given in Figure 1 for liver and intrahepatic bile duct cancer.
Figure 1 Incidence of liver cancer, % GE corn & soy, and glyphosate applied from 1975 to 2009
Note that the increase in liver cancer incidence rises sharply above the long term trend that goes back to the 1970s. In other words, while liver cancer had been increasing for some time, the rate of increase accelerated at about the same time that GM crops appeared and glyphosate use rose more sharply. The incidence is now about double what it would be if it had continued to rise at the pre-1990 rate.
Table 1 shows the correlation coefficients between each of the conditions and the amount of glyphosate used, and % of GM maize and soya. None of the 44 correlation coefficients falls below 0.8 - the conventional minimum level for a correlation to be called ‘strong' - and all but seven are greater than 0.9.
Table 1: Pearson correlation coefficients between the incidence in the US of 22 chronic diseases since 1995 and (a) the amount of glyphosate applied to maize and soy (b) the percentage of maize and soy planted that was GM (from [10]) Condition Glyphosate use %GM Hypertension 0.923 0.961 Stroke 0.925 0.983 Diabetes prevalence 0.971 0.983 Diabetes incidence 0.935 0.955 Obesity 0.962 0.962 Lipoprotein metabolism disorder 0.973 0.955 Alzheimer's 0.917 0.937 Senile dementia 0.994 0.918 Parkinson's 0.875 0.952 Multiple sclerosis 0.828 0.876 Autism 0.989 0.933 Inflammatory bowel disease 0.938 0.812 Intestinal infections 0.974 0.901 End stage renal disease 0.975 0.958 Acute kidney failure 0.978 0.967 Thyroid cancer 0.988 0.938 Liver cancer 0.960 0.911 Bladder cancer 0.981 0.945 Pancreatic cancer 0.918 0.841 Kidney cancer 0.973 0.940 Myeloid leukaemia 0.878 0.889
There is clearly a strong correlation between the conditions on the one hand and GMOs and glyphosate use on the other. This does not by itself prove there is a causal relationship, but it is certainly evidence in favour of one. When we add to it the evidence that glyphosate has led to birth defects in humans, that it has been found to harm laboratory rats, cattle on farms, and other animals as well, that it interferes with an important metabolic pathway in animals, that it adversely affects beneficial gut bacteria, that it acts as an endocrine disruptor, and more besides, the case against glyphosate becomes very strong indeed (see [11] A Roundup of Roundup Reveals Converging Pattern of Toxicity from Farm to Clinic, SiS 65, for the most up-to-date review).
To conclude
There have been all too many examples in the past of substances where there was compelling evidence that they were dangerous to health or the environment or both and yet they continued to be produced and used because of pressure from the manufacturers and weak regulators and governments. These include tobacco, asbestos, lead, polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), benzene, and many more [12, 13]. If governments continue to rely on advice from the industry and ignore the growing body of evidence, glyphosate will be yet another example of serious harm that could have been avoided.
Article first published 10/12/14
References
Ho MW & Sirinathsinghji E.Ban GMOsNow. Health and Environmental Hazards Especially in Light of the New Genetics. ISIS Special Report, 2013.http://www.i-sis.org.uk/Ban_GMOs_Now.php Ho MW. Glyphosate and cancer. Science in Society 62 12-14, 2014 Sirinathsinghji E. Sri Lanka partially bans glyphosate for deadly kidney disease epidemic. Science in Society 62 18-21, 2014. Swanson N and Ho MW. Scandal of glyphosate re-assessment in Europe. Science in Society 63 8-9, 2014. Séralini G-E, Mesnage R, Gress S, Defarge N, Malatesta M, Hennequin D and de Vendômois JS (2012), Long term toxicity of a Roundup herbicide and a Roundup-tolerant genetically modified maize. Food and Chemical Toxicity. http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.fct.2012.08.005 (This paper was improperly retracted by the journal but has been republished) “Support Séralini team for new GMO risk research”. I-SIS Report. 21 November 2014 http://www.i-sis.org.uk/Support_Seralini_Team_for_New_GMO_Risk_Research.php Ho MW and Saunders PT. Retracting Séralini study violates science and ethics. Science in Society 61 20-21, 2014. “Mom receives glyphoste task force studies on glyphosate submitted to the EPA”, Zen Honeycutt, 2 December 2014, http://www.momsacrossamerica.com/glyphosate_task_force_studies_on_glyphosate_submitted_to_the_epa Monsanto. What Independent Experts are Saying about GM crops. 2014. http://www.monsanto.com/newsviews/pages/what-experts-say-about-gm-crops.aspx 6/12/14 Swanson NL, Leu A, Abrahamson J and Wallet B. Genetically engineered crops, glyphosate and the deterioration of health in the United States of America. Journal of Organic Systems 2014, 9, 6-37. Sirinathsinghji E. A Roundup of Roundup reveals converging pattern of toxicity from farm to clinic. Science in Society 65 2015. Harramoës P, Gee D, MacGarvin M, Stirling A, Keys J, Wynne B and Guedes Vaz S (2002). Late lessons from early warnings: the precautionary principle 1896-2000 European Environment Agency, Copenhagen. ISBN 92-9167-323-4. European Environmental Agency. Late Lessons from Early Warnings: Science, Precaution, Innovation. 2014. http://www.eea.europa.eu/publications/late-lessons-2
Got something to say about this page? Comment on this article Comments may be published. All comments are moderated. Name and email details are required. Name: Email address: Your comments: Anti spam question:
How many legs does a cat have?
Feminist News
All | National News | Global News
October-02-13
NYC Council Passes Pregnant Workers Fairness Act
The New York City Council unanimously passed the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act last week. The bill extends current protections against employer discrimination to pregnant workers and expands the city's Human Rights Law to include pregnant workers.
Employers will now be required to provide reasonable accommodations for a worker's needs related to pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions. Those accommodations can include rest breaks, a period of recovery from childbirth, and help with manual labor. Employers must also give pregnant workers written information about their rights.
These protections for pregnant women are vitally important. Almost two-thirds of first-time mothers work while pregnant, and 90 percent of those women continue to work into their last two months of pregnancy, reports ThinkProgress. Low-income women and women of color are more likely to be affected by this kind of discrimination, because they are more likely to hold low-paying jobs with limited flexibility.
The National Women's Law Center (NWLC) reports, "When women face a physical conflict between work and childbearing, they will often lose their job, and their families will lose income at the very moment their financial needs increase." For example, one pregnant woman who was a Wal-Mart sales associate started experiencing urinary and bladder infections, so she started to carry a water bottle at work under her doctor's advice to stay hydrated. She was fired because of a Wal-Mart rule that only cashiers could have water bottles. She challenged her termination in court and lost.
According to New York City Council Speaker Christine Quinn, a fifth of discrimination charges filed with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission are related to pregnancy. Last year alone, over 3,700 were filed. Under the new bill, if employers fail to follow the new bill's requirements, employees can bring actions in civil court or bring a complaint to the city's Human Rights Commission. Employers could be fined up to $250,000, face jail time, or be required to change their practices, provide compensation, or re-hire employees, among other remedies.
Currently only a handful of states provide protections for pregnant workers. A federal Pregnant Workers Fairness Act was reintroduced in Congress last May.
Media Resources: Gotham Gazette 9/24/13; ThinkProgress 5/14/13, 9/30/13; National Women's Law Center
WASHINGTON-The pace of hiring picked up again in April and the unemployment rate fell to the lowest level in nearly a decade, providing reassurance the broader economy is poised for a strong spring after a lackluster start to the year.
Nonfarm payrolls rose by a seasonally adjusted 211,000 in April from the prior month, the Labor Department said Friday.
Continue Reading Below
The unemployment rate for April edged down to 4.4% from the prior month's 4.5% reading. The unemployment rate hasn't been this low since May 2007--and that matched the lowest rate of any point during the prior expansion. The low rate could keep the Federal Reserve on track to gradually raise it's short-term interest rate this year.
The historically low rate comes with the caveat that a smaller share of Americans participate in the labor force this year, compared with a decade ago.
Economists surveyed by The Wall Street Journal had expected 188,000 new jobs and a jobless rate of 4.6% in April.
The economy added better than 200,000 jobs during the first two months of the year, but hiring eased in March. Employers added a downwardly revised 79,000 jobs that month, compared with an initial estimate of a 98,000 increase.
Average hourly earnings for private-sector workers rose 2.5% in April compared with a year earlier. Annual wage gains firmed most of last year, reflecting increased competition for workers amid low unemployment. But the pace of raises slowed since December's 2.9% increase--the the strongest gain since June 2009.
Advertisement
The U.S. labor market has been one of the brightest spots in a long recovery marked by slow economic growth. Payrolls this year have expanded similarly to the strong rate recorded since 2011. Those gains have come despite historically soft economic growth of near a 2% annual rate.
In the first quarter, the economy advanced at just a 0.7% annual pace. However, many economic forecasters are expecting an acceleration to better than 3% growth for the April through June period. The Federal Reserve and other economists project overall growth in 2017 to settle near 2%.
To support better economic growth, especially when productivity gains have been weak, employers need to draw more workers into the labor force.
That could become a challenge because the share of Americans working or seeking work has generally declined the past 15 years, in part reflecting aging of the U.S. population.
The labor-force participation rate in April ticked down to 62.9% from 63% in March. The rate has mostly steadied over the past year, which could reflect, at a minimum, a slower flow of workers leaving the labor force.
An alternative measure of unemployment and underemployment, which includes those who have stopped looking and those in part-time jobs who want full-time positions, was 8.6% in April, versus 8.9% the prior month. It was the lowest level since late 2007.
The rate, designated U-6, averaged 8.3% in the two years before the recession.
April job gains were fairly broad based with strong hiring in professional and business services, health care and leisure and hospitality.
Retailers added jobs in April after two monthly declines. Employment at all levels of government rose by 17,000.
More broadly, the U.S. labor market has added jobs every month since October 2010, a long stretch that has slowly repaired much of the damage from the Great Recession and allowed the Fed to start raising short-term interest rates from near zero.
Central bank officials in this week held short-term interest rates steady, but indicated two more increases could occur later this year. "The labor market has continued to strengthen even as growth in economic activity slowed," Fed officials said their post-meeting statement.
A low unemployment rate could give the central bank leeway to tighten monetary policy further.
The Labor Department's employment report can be accessed at: http://www.bls.gov/news.release/empsit.htm
Write to Eric Morath at eric.morath@wsj.com and Josh Mitchell at joshua.mitchell@wsj.com.
(END) Dow Jones Newswires
May 05, 2017 08:45 ET (12:45 GMT)
Facebook is opening up many of the AI tools it uses to drive its online services.
Most of these tools seek to take better advantage of artificial intelligence algorithms that Facebook and other researchers have already published in academic journals, and the hope is that this newly open sourced code can save outsiders quite a bit of time as they build their own AI services, involving everything from speech and image recognition to natural language processing. The algorithms alone aren't always enough.
"Someone has to go and implement the algorithm in a program, and that's not trivial in general," says Facebook artificial intelligence researcher and software engineer Soumith Chintala. "You have to have a lot of skill to implement it efficiently."
Chintala says the open source project could help research labs and startups that don't have a lot of resources and wind-up spending most of their time just implementing existing algorithms instead of doing new research. In that sense, Facebook will benefit too. "Even though we don't collaborate day-to-day with that world, it could provide a general catalyst to the community and that will benefit us indirectly," he says.
The tools came out of the Facebook Artificial Intelligence Research lab, a project started within Facebook about a year ago to research a subfield of artificial intelligence called "deep learning," which seeks to model certain behaviors of the brain in order to create software that can learn and make predictions. With Facebook, Google, and Microsoft leading the way, deep learning is poised to hone so many of the online services we used on a daily basis.
Facebook already uses deep learning to filter your Facebook feed, making intelligence guesses as to which items you'll find most interesting, and to recognize faces in the photos you upload. But eventually, the company expects to create digital assistants that can, for example, stop you from posting drunk selfies in the middle of the night.
What Facebook released today is a set of modules for Torch, an open source computing framework for working with deep learning widely used in academia and by companies like Google and Twitter. Torch already includes several deep learning algorithms, but Chintala says Facebook's are far faster and more efficient. That will allow researchers to tackle much larger problems than ever before, he says. For example, one team of researchers Facebook has already worked with were able to create a photo recognition tool that can tell what physical poses—standing, sitting, lying down, etc.—characterized people in photos.
"We benchmarked our code, and these are the fastest open source implementations out there," he says. "People didn't explore certain areas because they didn't think it was possible and now they are."
Brentford beat Swindon 5-4 on penalties after a pulsating 3-3 Griffin Park draw to reach the League One play-off final.
After Bees keeper Simon Moore saved Miles Storey's spot-kick, Adam Forshaw hammered in to spark a pitch invasion.
At 3-1 up, Brentford looked like they're done enough following a brace from Clayton Donaldson, but Aden Flint's 95th-minute header forced extra time.
Swindon defender Nathan Byrne was then sent off in extra time, but no further goals meant a dramatic penalty finale.
Griffin Park penalties . . . Swindon 0-1 DEVERA
Brentford 1-1 SAUNDERS
Swindon 1-2 FLINT
Brentford 2-2 HAYES
Swindon 2-3 COLLINS
Brentford 3-3 DEAN
Swindon MISS (Storey)
Brentford 4-3 CRAIG
Swindon 4-4 ROBERTS
Brentford 5-4 FORSHAW
Uwe Rosler's men, who famously missed out on automatic promotion to Doncaster in the most painful of circumstances on the final day of the regular League One season, now head for Wembley to play Yeovil Town.
The Bees will make the short trip across London on 19 May looking to put right a record of never having been promoted via the play-offs, despite six previous attempts.
The match was never short of action right from the off, home keeper Moore having been forced to tip over a header from Robins centre-back Flint within the opening two minutes.
Although looking nervy at the start, Brentford grew into the game, dominating most of the first half.
The Bees went ahead on 24 minutes when Adam Rooney diverted a corner into his own net. And Donaldson then made it 2-0 five minutes before the break with a low left-foot shot from the edge of the area following good work from Marcello Trotta.
The visitors then had keeper Wes Foderingham to thank for keeping them in the tie when he turned Donaldson's far post header behind with his knees before producing a sharp save to parry a stunning volley from Harry Forrester.
Trotta turns it round "Today's game proved everyone at Brentford has moved on from Marcello Trotta's penalty miss on the last day of the season against Doncaster Rovers. "The 20-year-old, on loan from Fulham, restored to the starting line-up after sitting out the first leg at Swindon, was a constant threat up front. "He was given a standing ovation when substituted and, after watching the penalties from the bench, was chaired off by Bees supporters." Rob Stevens, BBC Sport
Rooney pulled a goal back on 44 minutes, capitalising after Brentford had failed to clear their lines. But the Bees then made the perfect start to the second half when Donaldson picked up a loose pass from Swindon's Gary Roberts to run clear of the defence and chip Foderingham.
The Robins came back into the game when right-back Joe Devera hammered home a 57th-minute volley to set up a cagey final half hour. But, just as in Saturday's first leg at the County Ground, when Kevin O'Connor levelled with an injury-time penalty, there was once again late drama.
With the game deep into stoppage time, Flint powered in Roberts' corner to tie it up at 4-4 on aggregate, force extra time and spark jubilant scenes in the away stand.
The added 30 minutes were understandably tense, with the only chance of note coming when Foderingham smothered a close range effort from Donaldson.
Brentford were then handed a man advantage when Swindon left-back Byrne picked up a second booking for deliberate handball, to be given his marching orders by referee Nigel Miller. But they could not find a way past the resolute visitors' defence.
After Swindon kicked off the shoot-out, all the first six penalties were converted until teenage Robins sub Storey had his effort saved by Moore, diving low to his left.
It then fell to midfielder Forshaw to keep his nerve, hammer high into the net and book the relieved Bees' first trip to a Wembley play-off final since 1997.
VIEW FROM THE DRESSING ROOM
Brentford boss Uwe Rosler:
"Swindon took us to the wire. But the way we played for 120 minutes, just 48 hours after the last match, was magnificent and we deserved to go through.
"My players never felt sorry for themselves and they never stopped.
"After what had happened before, and to concede in the last second again, for them to come back psychologically, I am privileged to have a squad like this in my first job in English football."
Swindon Town manager Kevin MacDonald:
"The character of the team has been fantastic all the way through the season.
"You saw that today, but the sending-off turned the game.
"Miles Storey showed a lot of character to step up there. I am proud of him, but someone had to miss."
+1 Share Pin 0 Shares
New here? You may want updates via email or RSS feed. Thanks for visiting!
Few things are as much a part of growing up in America as getting a summer job. And here's why most to agree a summer job is a good thing to have as part of your coming of age:
You get a good introduction to the rest of your life, which more likely than not will involve a job — working for someone else. You learn about being on time, maintaining quality standards, and the many nuances of employment that can never really be taught in school. It's usually an eye-opener to the reality adults live with, i.e., the need to get along with coworkers who aren't family and yet have control over your life in ways that often are uncomfortable. You also learn that every job usually has rules you have to follow, even though they may appear to be irrational or unduly strict. It's a terrific opportunity to get a feel for different types of careers too. Do you like retail or construction, being a park ranger or an accountant? Summer jobs can help you make more informed career choices and, therefore, make better decisions about college education. But, for most kids, the number one reason to get a summer job is … the money!
At Get Rich Slowly, we know that saving or investing for the future is essential. But since the days where teens were enlisted to work the harvest, few generations have had such a unique opportunity to secure their future. These days, using the same investment method available to their parents, teens are uniquely positioned to make at least $150K from their summer jobs during high school and more than a million if they continue to work and save modestly on through college.
I don't think anybody keeps statistics on these kinds of things, but my guess would be that more than 90 percent of summer job workers do not even give the question of whether they should deposit part of their income into an Individual Retirement Arrangement (IRA) a single thought.
Should they?
Just for fun
I thought it would be interesting to check. So I asked a few kids in my neighborhood (totally scientific, I know): “Hey, do you think you should put part of your summer pay into an IRA?”
Most of them looked quizzically at me, like I was speaking a foreign language or I had just returned from a mission to Pluto.
Not one even knew what an IRA was! Not a single one! I had to explain it as simply as I could. Once they understood that it entailed giving up some of their hard-earned pay, none even wanted to know what an IRA is. My guess — and it is just a guess — is that anything separating them from their money which doesn't involve immediate gratification is just unspeakably evil.
Another wild guess: Their parents did not sit them down and tell them how wonderful a Roth IRA, or any form of savings, can be.
I then asked a parent or two if they knew whether their kids considered putting some summer job pay into an IRA. Given my discussions with the teenagers I spoke to, I had a suspicion as to what their parents' answers would be, and they didn't disappoint: Not one even considered mentioning the option to their kids. (I think it's because they never did it growing up.)
They were as surprised as the kids at the very notion of opening an IRA at such a young age. “Is it even possible?” asked one of the parents.
Good question.
Age (and other) qualifications for IRA accounts
There is no minimum age qualification to open either a traditional or Roth IRA. All your teenager needs is taxable earned income. (In other words, rich kids earning dividends and interest on trust funds do not qualify.)
Taxable earned income includes wages, tips, and earnings from self-employed income. (Read that as: lemonade stand, paper route, babysitting, etc.) There is a limit to the amount they can contribute to an IRA, and that is the amount of income they earned. (In other words, they can't earn $1,000 and put Grandma's gift of $3,000 into an IRA.)
There is another qualification which might not appear obvious at first glance: In order to open an IRA, your teen has to file a tax return.
Filing tax returns
If the notion of a teen filing a tax return fills you (or them) with dread and unprintable language, think again. Technically, your teenager doesn't have to file a tax return if she or he earned less than the standard deduction for singles ($6,200 in 2014, $6,300 in 2015). Not too many summer jobs pay that much, which is why filing taxes rarely falls within the orbit of pre-adults … and everyone seems happy about that.
However, teenagers may actually benefit from filing taxes individually for several reasons:
If their employer pays (and deducts) payroll taxes (e.g., if they use a payroll system), chances are there might be a tax refund waiting for them if they file. And that's just cash in their pocket … but they have to file. What better way to educate your children about the other of the only two sure things in life than by teaching them with hands-on experience? Most people learn best from doing, and helping kids file taxes while they are still in the home could be a valuable experience for them (especially if refunds are involved). It might not be the most efficient reasoning, but learning to file taxes at an early age also brings home the value of tax-advantaged investing (things like an IRA or 401(k) plan). Anyone who has filed a tax return has looked longingly at that money and wondered, “Hmm… Is there a way I could keep a little more of that for myself?” Until they have asked that question, it's not likely they will really grasp the benefits of tax-preferred retirement investment plans. In turn, that might very well become a reason why they wait too late to get started.
Whichever way you look at it, getting your child to file their taxes has more benefits than most people think. Oh, and then there's the benefit of being able to put a little money away into a Roth or traditional IRA.
Why would that be such a good thing?
How summer jobs can amount to a million dollars
If we're talking summer jobs for high schoolers, it's probably fair to assume that your teenager will not be paying much in the way of income taxes. Therefore, a Roth IRA seems the obvious choice because the contributions are made after tax — and the withdrawals in retirement are tax-free.
Let's use that assumption and see how the math works out. If your son or daughter works three months for each of their four high-school years, and they deposit $250 per month in an IRA (i.e., $750 per year) — and assuming the money is invested in a simple S&P 500 low-cost index fund — when they reach retirement age, the balance will amount to $150,000! Now, in my book that is making high school pay!
And because it's from a Roth IRA, that amount is tax free!
Odds are any given teen will squawk that $250 a month is a big chunk out of what they make. But just look at how big it becomes when they reach age 65 (again, tax-free).
Should they add similar, modest contributions from their earnings in college, it can easily put the terminal value over a million dollars — tax-free. (I can't help repeating that!)
The extraordinary power of compounding
How does such a small amount ($250 per month for three months, done only for four years) accumulate to $150,000? It's called the extraordinary power of compounding, interest on interest. The miracle of compounding requires time more than money, and isn't that exactly what teens earning entry-level money have?
If someone had told me this when I was working high school summer jobs, I cannot imagine how much better off I would be today. If parents took the time to explain just this one simple concept to their teens, how much better off will those kids be?
What plans do your teenagers have for their summer-job income? Have you discussed opening a Roth IRA with your teen? Is this doable in your teenager's situation?
Author: William Cowie spent 30 years in senior management (CFO/CEO) before retiring. He has a bachelor's, a master's, and a partial doctorate in management and strategy. Author of the book “The Four Seasons of the Economy,” William also assists medium-sized businesses in the use of the Four Season Strategy to help them capitalize on economic cycles. He runs two blogs: Bite the Bullet Investing (investing) and Drop Dead Money (the economy) and writes for several other blogs in addition.
By blowing glass at the nanometer scale, scientists have created microscopic funnels that could aid the study of single molecules.
The technique is described in a study scheduled to be published next week in* Nanotechnology* by researchers from Cornell University and the National Institute of Standards and Technology.
The authors were inspired by an accidental but fortunate observation. Microfluidics devices – tools for controlling small quantities of fluids – are traditionally made by bonding a glass cover to a lithographically etched glass plate.
Sometimes, however, trapped air causes the glass to expand – a nano-scale equivalent of techniques used by glassblowers to create curves.
By harnessing this phenomenon, the researchers were able to make funnels that gradually tapered to a seven-nanometer depth, some 1,000 times smaller than a single red blood cell.
"In the past," said study co-author Elizabeth Strychalski in a press release, "it was difficult to get single strands of DNA into a nanofluidic device for study."
Future funnels could be used as part of a device to identify single base pairs of DNA. They could even be designed to culture single, isolated cells, permitting scientists an unprecedented degree of cellular control.
Non-planar nanofluidic devices for single molecule analysis fabricated using nanoglassblowing[Nanotechnology]
Image: A nanoglassblown funnel tapering to 150 micrometers, courtesy of Cornell University.
See Also:
WiSci 2.0: Brandon Keim's Twitter and Del.icio.us feeds; Wired Science on Facebook.
The State's bad bank, Nama, has cash reserves of more than €4.2bn, despite the country being "bankrupt", the Sunday Independent has learned.
The State's bad bank, Nama, has cash reserves of more than €4.2bn, despite the country being "bankrupt", the Sunday Independent has learned.
The amount of cash Nama has in its accounts is considerably more than the entire level of cuts, €3.8bn, made in last December's budget.
The agency has refused to make the funds available for any sort of stimulus package as it wants to use the money to work with developers to help them finish projects, and also pay down Nama debt.
"The cash is not available for Exchequer stimulus purposes," a Nama spokesman told the Sunday Independent yesterday. "This cash will be used to finance working and development capital and also towards paying down Nama bonds as part of meeting the agency's €7.5bn repayment target by end 2013."
Nama is now going to be questioned about why it is sitting on the cash pile at the Oireachtas Finance Committee on Wednesday.
Fianna Fail's finance spokesman Michael McGrath said yesterday it was not Nama's job to be sitting on huge piles of money, but it was supposed to be cleansing the banks of their bad loans and enabling bad loans to be worked out over time.
"I will be raising the issue when the agency comes before the finance committee on Wednesday. On the face of it, it looks like an inefficient use of resources. Nama should not be sitting on billions of euros for the sake of it when the country is in the dire state it is in," he said.
The agency said: "Nama is conscious of the role it can play every day in stimulating economic activity and supporting jobs.
"It has already approved almost €1bn in advances to debtors to fund the completion of development work and debtors' working capital requirements."
Nama has also said the vast majority of the developers it has engaged with are co-operating, but it has confirmed that it has taken legal action against 214 debtors.
Under a new pilot incentive scheme, the agency said it would guarantee the mortgages of 175 properties in a bid to kick-start the housing market. If the scheme was successful, it said it could be rolled out to up to 700 properties.
Nama chairman Frank Daly said the initiative was designed to push renters, who were on the verge of buying, over the threshold.
Under the plan, interested parties will be asked to put a 10 per cent deposit on a property. The buyer will then have to qualify for a 90 per cent mortgage.
For the first five years of the mortgage, the buyer will make repayments based on the 90 per cent mortgage. After five years, the value of the property will be independently assessed. If the value has fallen by anywhere up to 20 per cent, Nama will write that percentage of the mortgage off.
Sunday Independent
ADVERTISEMENT
GOOD DAY FOR: Mixing business and leisure, after an Australian study found that employees who surf the Internet for personal reasons on company time are about 9 percent more productive than those who don't. The study looked only at workers who check email or Facebook, watch YouTube, read the news, or do other non-work surfing for less that 20 percent of their workday. “People need to zone out for a bit to get back their concentration,” said University of Melbourne researcher Brent Coker, who conducted the study. (Reuters, in Wired)
BAD DAY FOR: Switching jobs, after the U.S. unemployment rate rose to 8.5 percent, its highest level since 1983, according to new Labor Department figures. The U.S. economy shed 663,000 jobs in March, the government said, and those with jobs worked fewer hours: a record low of 33.2 hours a week on average, from 33.3 hours. About 5.1 million people have lost their jobs in the current recession. (Bloomberg)
President Trump took to Twitter on Thursday to declare that “low-life leakers” who spoke to the New York Times “will be caught.”
The Times recently reported, using anonymous sources, that members of Trump's 2016 presidential campaign and other Trump associates spoke with Russian intelligence in the year before the election. What many consider to be top-notch journalism is a threat to Trump, who is on the attack against whoever leaked the information.
Leaking, and even illegal classified leaking, has been a big problem in Washington for years. Failing @nytimes (and others) must apologize! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 16, 2017
The spotlight has finally been put on the low-life leakers! They will be caught! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 16, 2017
Also Read: Mediaite Founder Dan Abrams Credits Trump With Traffic 'Explosion'
The Times did not immediately respond to TheWrap's request for comment.
Trump has been on a mission to discredit reports that use anonymous sources, recently writing, “The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington?” Ironic, given that before winning election, he proclaimed to “love WikiLeaks,” and read hacked emails related to opponent Hillary Clinton that Julian Assange's site had made public.
The president and his team continue to attack the media on a regular basis, with Steve Bannon referring to the press as the “opposition party” as recently as Wednesday, according to a variety of White House correspondents.
Just yesterday, Trump tweeted that MSNBC and CNN are “unwatchable,” while praising “Fox & Friends.”
The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred. @MSNBC & @CNN are unwatchable. @foxandfriends is great! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017
In addition to his tweets, Trump has staged a mini protest against mainstream media by only calling on news organizations that he considers friendly during recent press conferences.
“In the last three news conferences, all of the questions to the America news media have been handled by conservative press,” CNN's Jim Acosta said on air following Wednesday's news conference. “The fix it in.”
Update: Twitter declined to comment on what determines trends and their ranking, and their response, as expected, is short enough to fit into a 140-character limit. “Twitter is a neutral platform, we aren't aligned with any particular party,” a Twitter spokesperson informed us via email.
Earlier today: Twitter‘s India Head, Rishi Jaitly, appears to be caught in a middle of a political debate: the neutrality of the platform is now being questioned, Jaitly is being criticised, and his tweets are being scrutinized for political leaning. Niti Central, a right leaning website backed by Netcore founder Rajesh Jain, has published an article with a sampling of Jaitly's tweets, including those where he asks his followers to watch a Rahul Gandhi speech, asks a Congress spokesperson to follow him, so he may DM (direct message) her. In particular, they have questioned the neutrality of the platform, since a hashtag apparently promoted by the Congress part #fekuexpress, trended higher than #NaMoInHyd on a day that the BJP's Narendra Modi addressed in Hyderabad, by citing data which indicates that there were more tweets for #NaMoInHyd than #fekuexpress.
The Janata Party President Subramanian Swamy has this to say:
Beware that Twitter in India has a boss who attends meeting in Congress offices — Subramanian Swamy (@Swamy39) August 23, 2013
Storm in a tea-cup, you might say, but I do think that Twitter needs to respond to this criticism: leading up to the elections, Jaitly's tweets and Twitter's trending hashtags will come up for debates, and the company can't afford to stay silent when its credibility is being questioned. Jaitly will probably end up censoring his tweets from now on, and that is the problem with the political activity on Twitter in India: if the government doesn't censor you, the rabid mobs will. As I'd said on my personal blog, after being unfairly criticized by Niti Central, that both parties, the Congress and the BJP, are drowning out legitimate debate by not only attacking each other on Twitter, but also reacting to criticism by attacking the person criticizing them. It's a with-us-or-against-us scenario.
Jaitly has now gotten caught in the crossfire: There are also those (on Twitter) to claim that he was brought in for dealing with the Indian government, and they have been MediaNama's story on Jaitly's appointment (we broke that story), as an indication of this.
Dear @twitter , Is your @TwitterIndia head @rsjaitly in cahoots with a Political Party? Can you ask him to come clean? — Barkha Dalal (@barkhadalal) August 12, 2013
@Rajsan2012 The India Head of @twitter Mr Rishi Jaitly is certainly not above board in,all this. He needs to come clean. @surnell — A K Narendranath (@aknarendranath) August 14, 2013
To that, I would say that that was the only relevant information we had about Jaitly at that point in time: Neither Jaitly not Twitter were not commenting on his role, and since we had some perspective on his role at Google India's only policy person in 2008, that is all we pointed out. My understanding of Jaitly's role now, on the basis of coversations with those in the digital industry in Mumbai, is that he tries to bring organizations – especially media organizations – on Twitter, and help them integrate Twitter ID's and hashtags with TV shows, especially entertainment shows. It is not impossible that another part of his mandate, with the elections coming up, would be to help explain Twitter to political parties. Half the time, he tweets about the way a particular TV channel has integrated Twitter with a show, but I don't see rival channels criticizing him for being partisan.
On the Twitter hashtags controversy, we've requested Twitter for a comment – and it does appear to be legitimate criticism, based on the data (which we can't verify), but I don't know if Twitter Trends are merely based on number of tweets. Anyway, I wouldn't hold my breath, though: we've rarely got more than a one line response from Twitter.
Related:
– Aircel's Arvinder Gujral Joins Twitter India As Mobile Biz Dev Head
– Twitter's Ad Rates In India: Rs 5.5 Lakh Per Promoted Trend
– Twitter Extends Local Trends To 21 Indian Cities
– Indian Govt Panel Approves Order To Block 306 Twitter Accounts
– Rishi Jaitly To Head Twitter India
– How India's New IT Act Affects User Generated And Copyright Content
: The Ku Klux Klan in America Wyn Craig Wade Oxford University Press , 1998 - 526 pages , 1998 - History 4 Reviews Few groups in our history are as fascinating and mysterious as the Ku Klux Klan. Its story is one of violence, political manipulation and intrigue, absurdity, and mesmerizing organizational and propaganda skills. Through shrewd political tactics and powerful leadership, the Klan has often been a potent force, as it encouraged Americans to protect themselves from those they find "unacceptable." Its actions have made it one of the most feared groups in America.
In The Fiery Cross, Wyn Craig Wade traces the Klan from its beginnings after the Civil War as a social club in Pulaski, Tennessee, to the present. Wade provides us with the history of the group, which has gone through a number of declines and renaissances over the last hundred years. We follow the Klan's resurgence in 1915 after D.W. Griffith's epic film The Birth of a Nation depicted Klan members as heroic saviors of the old Southern society, to the swearing in of President Warren G. Harding as a Klansman in the Green Room, and from the Klan's championing of white supremacy as a response to the Civil Rights movement in the 60s, to their present day activities, aligning themselves with a variety of neo-fascist and right-wing groups in the American West. Finally, Wade provides us with an assessment of the Klan's future.
The Fiery Cross provides an exhaustive analysis and perspective on this dark shadow of American society. It is long overdue. Preview this book »
Selenium testing: a new hope
Alexander Andryashin Blocked Unblock Follow Jan 31, 2017
Part I. Problem and first solutions.
Selenium project launched in 2004 now became an industry standard for browser automation. However if your QA department is relatively big, sooner or later you will face to recommended Selenium architecture limitations. In this article I would like to tell you how to create a scalable and fault-tolerant Selenium solution easily.
Problem
Selenium architecture radically changed several times since 2004 when its first prototype was created. Current Selenium architecture introduced in 2.0 branch is called Selenium Grid. It works like the following:
Usually a cluster consists of two daemon applications: Selenium Hub and Selenium Node. A hub is an API that handles user requests and redirects them to respective nodes. A node is an actual request executor launching browser processes and requesting desired test steps from them. In theory an unlimited number of Selenium Nodes can be connected to one Selenium Hub and every node can launch any installed browser. But what's in practice?
Such architecture has a weak part. Selenium Hub is a single browser access point. If it goes down or does not respond all browsers become unavailable. The same happens if a datacenter with hub is powered off or its network fails. Selenium Grid does not scale well. Our 5+ years of Selenium cluster expertise show that even under moderate load a hub can work with a limited number of connected nodes. Depending on hardware even dozens of connected nodes can dramatically increase hub response time. No quoting functionality. You can't create users and specify browser consumption limits.
Solutions
The simplest scalable approach is to use multiple Selenium Hubs distrubuted across multiple datacenters. However standard Selenium libraries can only work with one Selenium hub. We need to teach them to work with such distributed system.
Client-side load balancing
An initial approach we successfully used several years ago was a client library that did client-side load balancing. This is how it works:
We launch multiple Selenium Hubs and respective Nodes in multiple datacenters. A list of hub hostnames with supported browsers is saved to file. Selenium user attaches a small client library as a dependency to his tests and requests a Selenum session using the library. The library reads the file with hubs and randomly selects one of them having desired browser. Then it requests a browser using standard Selenium client. If session is created successfully then test steps start executing. Otherwise the library tries another hub host until a session is created. Different hubs can contain different quantities of browsers. To deliver uniform load distribution we need to assign different weights to hub hosts and then select these hosts according to their weights. If the client fails to create a session on every hub from the list — it should throw an error.
A single line of test code (new session request) should be changed to support that library. For example in Java tests a new session request may look like that:
WebDriver driver =
new RemoteWebDriver("http://my-hub.example.com:4444/wd/hub", caps);
All classes in this code come from a standard Selenium Java client. E.g. if a client-side library is called SeleniumHubFinder a new session request will look like:
WebDriver driver = SeleniumHubFinder.find(caps);
No Selenium hub URL is used in updated code — this information is stored inside client library. That's it! This approach worked for years. Hundreds of software testers in our company were satisfied. What are the drawbacks of using client library?
A supplementary library should be added to every test project. You can't launch your test without this library. A separate client library should be implemented for each language. E.g. Javascript, Java or Python Selenium tests may exist in your company. In that case you need to support several client libraries and ensure that hub lists are in sync. That's why a server-side solution is necessary.
Server-side load-balancing
Relying on our experience with client-side solution we introduced the following natural requirements to server-side one:
The server should look as Selenium hub to client libraries. To achieve this it should implement Selenium JsonWire protocol. Any number of server nodes can be installed in any datacenter. They can be installed behind any software or hardware load balancer. Server instances are stateless. They don't use neither database server nor queue server to share state. Server should support multiple users and quoting.
We called the server — GridRouter because the only thing it does is routing user requests to correct Selenium Grid Hub. Here's the new architecture:
The load balancer distributes user requests across multiple GridRouter instances.
Every GridRouter instance stores information about all available Selenium Hubs like client-side library did.
To handle new session request GridRouter uses the same random distribution algorithm.
As you probably know every new browser session in Selenium automatically obtains an ID called session ID. According to Selenium JSONWire protocol this ID is always passed to request. GridRouter appends information about selected Selenium Hub to this session and returns enriched session ID to user.
After session is obtained GridRouter extracts used Selenium Hub information from enriched session ID on each following request and simply proxies it to a corresponding hub. Since all session information is stored in its ID there's no need to synchronize GridRouter instances. This is why GridRouter is stateless.
GridRouter
Initially we implemented GridRouter using Java, Jetty and Spring Framework. Its source code is available on Github. This implementation is using a plain text properties file to store users list and an XML file to save a list of Selenium hubs for each user. A typical users list (by default /etc/grid-router/users.properties) looks like the following:
user:password, user
user2:password2, user
Every line corresponds to one user. Passwords in current implementation are stored without any encryption. This is because we consider that users are mainly needed to account browsers consumption by different teams. Selenium hub lists are stored in XML files of the following format (by default /etc/grid-router/quota/*.xml):
<qa:browsers xmlns:qa="urn:config.gridrouter.qatools.ru">
<browser name="firefox" defaultVersion="33.0">
<version number="33.0">
<region name="us-west">
<host name="ff33-hub-1.example.com" port="4444" count="5"/>
</region>
<region name="us-east">
<host name="ff33-hub-2.example.com" port="4444" count="5"/>
</region>
</version>
<version number="37.0">
<region name="us-west">
<host name="ff37-hub-1.example.com" port="4444" count="3"/>
<host name="ff37-hub-2.example.com" port="4444" count="4"/>
</region>
<region name="us-east">
<host name="ff37-hub-3.example.com" port="4444" count="2"/>
</region>
</version>
</browser>
<browser name="chrome" defaultVersion="42.0">
<version number="42.0">
<region name="us-west">
<host name="ch42-hub-1.example.com" port="4444" count="10"/>
</region>
<region name="us-east">
<host name="ch42-hub-2.example.com" port="4444" count="10"/>
</region>
</version>
</browser>
</qa:browsers>
You can see that we define available browser names, their versions and a set of hosts distributed across multiple regions. A region in our terms is just a datacenter. Information about datacenters is mainly needed if one datacenter goes down. We select a host from another datacenter if the first session attempt fails. This approach increases the probability of faster Selenium session creation.
Using GridRouter in tests
As I previously said GridRouter implements standard Selenium protocol and is fully compatible with all existing client libraries. The topic we have left is how to authenticate in GridRouter i.e. specify which quota we want to use. All Selenium client libraries support only one authentication method — Basic HTTP Authentication. That's why GridRouter supports only this method too. Usually Selenium hub url is like the following:
http://example.com:4444/wd/hub
As you probably know basic HTTP authentication username and password can be encoded to URL like that:
http://username:password@example.com:4444/wd/hub
This is the only change you need to do in your code to use GridRouter instead of Selenium Hub. The majority of Selenium client libraries including Java and Python implementations work with such notation. Some Selenium-based Javascript tools however require you to specify username and password as separate configuration options.
Selenograph
GridRouter allowed us to stop using client-side libraries. It gave users with different languages access to a scalable Selenium installation. To scale GridRouter installation you just need to add more Selenium hubs to its XML configuration — all changes are applied automatically without service restart. To serve more requests per second you also need to add GridRouter hosts behind load balancer. Our experience shows that GridRouter works perfectly when total percentage of used browsers of any version is below ~80%. Problems begin when the peak load arrives and browser consumption grows up to 90–100% of total capacity. In this case the random uniform session attempts distrubution becomes inefficient.
We are trying to obtain Selenium session on fully occupied hub too often and do attempts to several hubs before returning session to user. This increases session start time and slows down tests. Our next stage in Selenium cluster development aimed to resolve the issues above was a new product called Selenograph. Selenograph is a Java server based on GridRouter source code fully compatible with its configuration files. The main differences are:
It is stateful. To be more efficient on high loads Selenograph is using more sophisticated algorithm of choosing hub hosts. The main idea is to dynamically adjust hub host weight by considering total number of already running sessions. This number should be saved to storage shared among Selenograph nodes. We use MongoDB as such storage. It provides more statistics and user-friendly interface. For example Selenograph API can return total number of concurrently running sessions at each moment of time. Although Selenograph is a stateful solution it is confirmed to work correctly under high load allowing to serve hundreds of requests per second to every instance.
Conclusion
In this part I told you about standard Selenium scalability problems and how they can be resolved with minor changes to your cluster architecture. In the next part we'll discuss topics like:
How to prepare worker nodes for big cluster so it scales well Some thoughts about the nearest Selenium future How to run Selenium inside Docker containers What are the new open source tools that will help you to deploy an efficient Selenium cluster with low resource consumption
Stay tuned…
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-3', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 3', target_type: 'mix' });
Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Image 2 of 4 Not about cronyism and riches. This time. What's the point? Let us hope. Not about cronyism and riches. This time. What's the point? Let us hope. Image 3 of 4 History, made. History, made. Image 4 of 4 Meanwhile, a female American president 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
This just in: A major American political party just (tacitly) nominated an exceptionally qualified, deeply intelligent, extremely popular/enormously unpopular woman to be President of the United States.
Do you find this annoying? Insignificant? Infuriating? Glorious in a thousand ways? Yawningly obvious?
Do you think the whole process was flawed, the system rigged and the other guy got just little bit shafted, not to mention that the woman in question is all kinds of imperfect and toxically status-quo, and her policies are in bed with [your most-hated capitalist institution here]?
You might be right. You are also, probably, in many ways, wrong.
But it doesn't really matter, because we are now in a bizarro world where a bloviated, racist, orange-faced charlatan reality-TV thug is running for president against a shockingly steadfast, intelligent powerhouse of woman who has been a lawyer, wife, senator, first lady, secretary of state and about a dozen other things, most of them very successfully, who has been voted the “most admired woman in America” a record 20 times, who's probably accomplished more in her lifetime than any woman in American political history, who, no matter your opinion of her, her husband or her Wall Street pals, is soon to shatter, in her own words, “the highest, hardest glass ceiling” there is.
But that's not what's most impressive. The one trait Hillary possesses that no one else has – not the pampered males in congress, certainly not the shrieking, thin-skinned bully to her far right and not a single female presidential nominee before her – because there haven't been any – is an almost inhuman tenacity, resolve, an enviable iron will that can apparently withstand, well, just about anything, and come out even stronger.
This is not to be taken lightly. Bernie doesn't seem to have it. Trump has exactly whatever the opposite of it is. Bush couldn't even spell it. Obama has it, but never put much of it to the test. Bill Clinton never needed it (most entitled males don't).
Yet in the absence of obvious charisma, potent oratory skills or a Zen-like calm, it's exactly Hillary's steely confidence and determination, her ability to not merely endure but fully overcome decades of entrenched misogyny and resistance that will make her a hugely effective president.
It's sort of astonishing, really. After all, no single politician of any party has been so vilified, trolled, spit upon, dismissed, mocked, caricatured and personally disrespected, sometimes justifiably but also horribly unfairly, in the history of America. She's a one-woman troll magnet. The right's decades-long campaign of hate against her has often been so vicious, it creates its own weather patterns.
And still she stands. And smiles. And laughs easily. And is truly grateful. Despite attacks of acidic odium that would make most humans wither, she seems almost impossibly intact, headstrong, full of good humor and also a deeply felt appreciation of her uneven, but irrefutably revolutionary, place in history. Bernie could take a lesson.
Wait! I love Bernie Sanders. He's a marvel. But Bernie's had the luxury of hiding in the back-halls of congress his entire career (not to mention simply being a white male). Is it still worth wondering what Bernie's more radical supporters – many of whom are new to the modern electoral system and rightfully infuriated by its innumerable shortcomings – would think of him if he'd been raked over the GOP coals for as long as Hillary, his every utterance, vote, sexual predilection, outfit, wrinkle, wife, hairstyle and tone of voice ruthlessly savaged since forever? Probably not.
At this point, Bernie's biggest gift is how he changed the narrative, held Hillary's feet to the fire, shifted the tone and direction of the DNC overall as he rallied a seriously passionate, but also deeply anxious voting bloc that, if they're smart and most of them are (but many, sadly, are not), will soon begin to support Hillary with the fervor of a thousand suns – and even more of their daughters.
It won't be easy. Right now, a terribly amusing number of Bernie devotees think the election was rigged for Hillary from the start, designed to screw him over and bring more of the corrupt-Clinton same.
This isn't quite accurate. It's true that Hillary's spent the majority of her political career methodically working to put the pieces in place to make this event happen, establishing her political positions, her moneyed networks, her allies and mailing lists and cronies.
Which is to say: It's only rigged in the sense of someone who's worked at the same inherently warped company for 30 years, who's methodically climbed the corporate ladder, parsed friends and enemies, defined (and redefined) her allegiances, who's overcome a thousand obstacles (far more than her male counterparts ever had to worry about), to finally reach CEO. Is that rigged, or is that paying your dues? It is both?
Whatever it is, it's unlikely that it could have happened any other way. Given America's deeply sexist political climate, it would have been impossible for some young, viable upstart female politician to make it all the way to the Big Chair without a long-established infrastructure in place, cronies and all. No one but Hillary could have done it.
The daughter of the first black president is gonna cast her first vote for a woman. Holy shit. — A.C. in D.C. (@ArykanotErika) June 8, 2016
Yes, it's brutally imperfect. Yes, that's how modern American politics still works. But let's remember one thing: Hillary is 68 (and Bill is 69). She'll be 76 at the end of her (potential) second term. In other words: This is her last shot to establish a serious, pro-female legacy (with Elizabeth Warren's excellent help), effect real change, make her mark on history (and the Supreme Court). What's the point of merely trying to enrich their fortunes or glad-hand a bunch of cronies? There is no political empire to build. There is no need for extra mansions and scandal. Maybe this will be about some real revolution after all. Let us pray.
One thing's certain: Thanks to Hillary, America's next female president – just like its next black president – will have a far less gnarled, spit-upon, treacherous path. That glass ceiling is crashing all around, and it's loud and messy and awe-inspiring in a number of ways. Who said revolutions have to be perfect?
8:26pm: Bonilla received a $575K guarantee on his deal, tweets MLB.com's Adam Berry. Considering the right-hander's lack of big league experience, the minimal guarantee isn't much of a surprise.
5:25pm: The Pirates announced on Tuesday that they've designated left-hander Jeff Locke for assignment and signed right-hander Lisalverto Bonilla to a Major League contract. The 29-year-old Locke has long stood out as a non-tender candidate due to his recent struggles and his projected $4.2MM salary for the 2017 season (via MLBTR contributor Matt Swartz).
[Related: Updated Pittsburgh Pirates Depth Chart]
Locke functioned as a serviceable back-end starter for the Pirates from 2013-15, pitching to a 3.98 ERA with 6.6 K/9 against 3.6 BB/9 with a ground-ball rate north of 51 percent across 466 innings. However, Locke also averaged fewer than six innings per start in that time, and his numbers declined in 2015 before taking an even more drastic downward turn in 2016. This past year, Locke logged a lackluster 5.44 ERA with a diminished 5.2 K/9 against 3.1 BB/9 and a career-low 47.2 percent grounder rate. Right-handed opponents teed off against Locke this year as well, hitting him at a .299/.368/.508 clip in his 127 1/3 innings.
Presumably, the Pirates marketed Locke to other clubs to gauge interest in him and will continue to do so over the next week, but if no deal materializes then Locke will be released into a dismal market for free-agent starters. If it comes to that, it's certainly plausible that Locke will end up with a 40-man roster spot and perhaps a smaller base salary than his arbitration projection represented in addition to some incentives based on innings pitched. There will be no shortage of teams on the hunt for cheap rotation arms, and Locke is just one year removed from that previously mentioned solid three-year run. (Speculatively speaking, the Marlins could make sense as a landing spot, as former Pirates special assistant/pitching guru Jim Benedict is now in the Miami front office.)
As for Bonilla, the 26-year-old once rated as one of the better prospects in the Phillies and Rangers organizations — he went from Philadelphia to Texas in the 2012 Michael Young trade — but saw his career stall in the upper levels of the Rangers' system. He landed with the Dodgers on a minor league deal last winter and enjoyed a nice season pitching in the hitter-friendly Pacific Coast League, where he recorded a 3.97 ERA with a 118-to-40 K/BB ratio in 111 innings (13 starts, 18 relief appearances).
Photo courtesy of USA Today Sports Images.
Description
BlockOut II is an addictive action puzzle game by Jean-Luc PONS. It is also the first OpenGL homebrew game for Playstation Vita*
BlockOut II is reimplementation of original 1989 puzzle video game, developed in Poland by Aleksander Ustaszewski and Mirosław Zabłocki and published by California Dreams for multiple platforms. Original BlockOut was the first video game which transfered tetris from 2D into 3D.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blockout
Sources / description: https://github.com/bomblik/BlockOut_II_PSVITA
##Key mappings
CROSS - confirm / drop block
RIGHT TRIGGER - cancel / exit game
D-PAD - move block / select character (hall of fame)
SQUARE - rotate block around X axis counterclockwise
SQUARE + LEFT TRIGGER - rotate block around X axis clockwise
TRIANGLE - rotate block around Y axis counterclockwise
TRIANGLE + LEFT TRIGGER - rotate block around Y axis clockwise
CIRCLE - rotate block around Z axis counterclockwise
CIRCLE + LEFT TRIGGER - rotate block around Z axis clockwise
START - pause / resume game
##Online score database
The game has a strong user community and an online world ranking of user scores.
http://www.blockout.net/blockout2/worldranking/index.php
http://www.blockout.net/blockout2/scoredate.php
Currently you can play against / compare your score to an online score database, but you cannot upload your scores.
Please look at TODO section, regarding score uploading.
##Credits
Jean-Luc PONS for an awesome game.
Fabrice Bellard for TinyGL, an OpenGL software implementation.
Team Molecule for HENkaku homebrew enabler.
All vitasdk contributors.
xerpi, Cpasjuste for SDL library port.
Cpasjuste for PSP2SHELL, ports of SDL auxiliary libraries and TinyGL.
##TODO
The game has an option to upload user scores to the game server, but that option is only included in binary releases for pc.
Reverse engineering of 'reply file' content and communication protocol is needed in order to upload user scores from PS VITA port of the game.
##Disclaimer
There are some minor graphical issues due to TinyGL limitations.
Enjoy! :)
* As far as I know.
Truck drivers and their supporters walk with symbolic wreaths, which they plan to place near an office of a new road payment system named Platon, in Khimki, outside Moscow on Dec. 13, 2015. (AP Photo/Pavel Golovkin)
Russia is facing economic disarray — and with that has come a spike in protests by workers and others. The Kremlin has reason to be worried.
What's causing this Russian economic crisis? International economic sanctions because of the occupation of the Crimea; a decline in the ruble; and above all the collapse in oil prices are all to blame. With the pinch, the government will be forced to continue to raise taxes and cut benefits, which will almost invariably lead to more protest.
Russian workers — a group often seen as supportive of Putin and his regime — are already protesting wages that are shrinking and sometimes not being paid at all. Most recently, a nationwide protest by thousands of truck drivers caused panic when they descended on Moscow to protest a new tax.
[Do Crimeans see themselves as Russian or Ukrainian? It's complicated.]
Russia's liberal opposition hopes — and the Kremlin fears — that Russian workers from the heartland might join with middle class protesters from Moscow and St. Petersburg. In 2011-12, tens of thousands of those urban liberals took to the streets in Russia's two main cities, donning white ribbons to protest what they alleged were fraudulent elections that led to Putin's return to the presidency.
Such a combination, across class and region, might lead to a “colored revolution” of the kind that drove corrupt leaders from power in post-Soviet countries like Ukraine and Georgia. Putin has sought to inoculate himself from such an event, in part by championing workers who denounced the Moscow protesters, and portraying himself as real Russian muzhik — a regular guy who hangs out with biker gangs.
But is a “colored revolution” on the horizon in Russia? Despite some commentators‘ suggestions, that's quite unlikely. But Putin is no doubt concerned. The economic crisis and the prospect of growing protests pose substantial challenges to his leadership.
Oil prices drop. Russia is in economic disarray.
As global oil and gas prices plummet, the Russian government is in crisis. As recently as 2013, revenues from that sector accounted for 50 percent of the federal budget. The loss of that revenue not only puts a crimp in Russia's economy; it changes the very relations between the Russian state and society.
[Three and a half reasons why Russia might be planning to withdraw from Ukraine (or some of it, anyway)]
When oil prices were high the Russian government could afford to use oil industry “rents” to help maintain the legitimacy of the regime. That's what Nikolay Petrov, Maria Lipman and Henry E. Hale (among others) have termed a “non-intrusion pact”: The government offers economic growth and a certain level of social benefits and subsidies and otherwise leaves citizens alone, so long as they stay out of politics.
With oil income dropping, however, the Russian government can't keep up its end of the bargain. Now it needs citizens to accept fewer benefits and to pay higher taxes just as their incomes are dwindling.
And Russians aren't happy, turning out for a surge in economic protests throughout the country. Petr Bizyukov at the Center for Social and Labor Rights in Russia found 409 labor protests in Russia last year, the highest since the center began keeping records in 2008. That's a 40 percent increase from 2014 and 76 percent higher than the average from 2008-2013 (which included Russia's economic crisis of 2008-09).
Data: Petr Bizyukov, the Center for Social and Labor Rights. Figure: Petr Bizyukov and Stephen Crowley
Other databases are reporting a similar increase in labor protests. Many workers clearly weren't going to follow the traditional Russian pattern of quietly supplementing lower wages with larger potato gardens and vodka binges, as Andrei Kolesnikov of Carnegie Moscow had suggested they might.
The truckers protest a new road tax
Then, last November, came a nationwide protest by Russia's long-haul truck drivers, when the government moved to implement a new road tax on load-bearing tractor-trailers. The fee charged might seem small — four rubles per kilometer for trucks weighing over 12 tons — but many truckers argued that they were barely breaking even before the new tax.
Drivers in 43 of Russia's 85 regions and more than 70 cities took to the streets in various forms of protest. In some cases, they drove in “snail” convoys at less than 10 miles per hour. In other cases they blockaded highways altogether. The protests persisted through December, with truckers in some regions refusing to drive in January. Trade with neighboring countries was temporarily disrupted.
The truckers were especially furious that the fees would be collected by a private company owned by the son of Arkady Rotenberg, one of Putin's longtime cronies. Last December, as truckers drove to Moscow with a threat to blockade the city's ring road, some carried signs saying “Rotenberg is worse than ISIS.” Another proclaimed, referring to the earlier middle-class protesters in Moscow, “We are not like those white-ribboned dreamers in 2011. We have crowbars, and we won't hesitate to use them when we are pushed to the wall.”
Although the protests were largely ignored by state-run media, opinion polls showed that almost two-thirds of the population supported the truckers.
There's no colored revolution on the way — but citizens are protesting
But the truckers' revolt did not portend a coming colored revolution. The authorities prevented most truckers from reaching central Moscow, intercepting several convoys along the way. Their protests have largely died out, even though the government offered only limited concessions, such as a reduction in the fine for noncompliance.
But what's more significant is that, despite some angry slogans, the truckers mainly demanded changes in the tax system, not the political system. Rather than denouncing Putin, most truckers appealed to him. “President, help us!” was one of the most prominent slogans. Some of the opposition groups that had been behind the 2011/2012 protests — both on the left and the right — tried to unite with the truckers, in order to combine economic with political demands to bring about substantial change in Russia. But the truckers would have none of it.
There is still a wide gap in Russia between the growing economic concerns of many, on the one hand, and the strong levels of support for Putin as a leader, on the other. That suggests that most Russians are a long way from calling for regime change. Many still credit Putin with “raising Russia from its knees” after the disastrous 1990s. They remain convinced by state media that colored revolutions like the 2014 Maidan revolution in Ukraine lead to anarchy.
[Answering questions about Ukraine's Maidan revolution]
There is also the question of whether the truckers' revolt counts as a labor protest. As owner-operators, most Russian truckers are small businessmen, surviving on very small margins. As Russian analyst Dmitrii Oreshkin has argued, the truckers protest can best be seen as a taxpayers' revolt.
Labor hasn't been especially powerful in Russia. Most of those hundreds of labor protests cataloged by the Center for Social and Labor Rights have been small and isolated, only affecting a particular city or company. Russian unions are generally weak, and in the past most strikes were spontaneous events in private firms in far-flung regions or in “monotowns” — one-industry towns left struggling after the Soviet collapse.
When wider protests do happen, it's because government actions hurt disparate workers as a single category, as happened with the truckers. Coordinated, cross-regional labor protests are indeed increasing, led not by industrial workers but most often by “budget sector” employees such as teachers and medical workers who are being hit by money-saving reform plans, cuts in state budgets, or sometimes the nonpayment of their wages.
Citizens protest, too, when the Kremlin tries to cut benefits and raise revenue. In 2005 the government attempted to replace Soviet-era benefits like free public transportation and energy subsidies for the elderly with cash handouts that many felt didn't make up for the loss.
After spontaneous protests among the elderly in several Russian regions, the government quickly backed down, in the end spending more than the reforms would have saved.
Similarly, in 2008, a government attempt to tax imported cars brought protesters out in the streets in dozens of cities. The protests were eventually dispersed, and the tax remained, but costly compensation was provided to the cities with the greatest protest.
As with the truckers, the Putin regime survived these protests with some combination of concessions and repression. But the protests revealed that the state can only demand so much from the population.
And now labor protests in Russia's industrial regions are on the rise, becoming less isolated, as protesters from one firm clump together with strikers from another.
These new protestors come from Putin's base of support
When Putin survived the protests in 2011 and won the March 2012 presidential election, some speculated that he did so by pitting “rural and Rust Belt Russia against urban and modernizing Russia.”
[Why we should be confident that Putin is genuinely popular in Russia]
Yet the very presence of worker protests challenges Putin's claim to be the guarantor of stability. Russia's working class is said to be Putin's electoral base, and parliamentary elections loom in September. While workers may not be ready to join anti-Putin protests, economic discontent will certainly impact support for United Russia, the Kremlin-backed party long dominating parliament.
So what can the Russian government do? The government has been subsidizing many factory towns that are teetering on bankruptcy — but that money is going away. With the steep drop in oil revenues, the Russian government will be compelled to raise taxes and cut spending. And that will almost inevitably lead to more protests.
In short, barring a sudden jump in oil prices, the Putin regime must renegotiate its relationship with Russian society, and the results may not be pretty.
Stephen Crowley is professor of politics and chair of Russian & East European Studies at Oberlin College
Irina Olimpieva is a senior researcher at the Center for Independent Social Research, St. Petersburg, Russia.
TCU now has the highest-scoring offense in the country. That's going to require more ammunition.
The Horned Frogs' 82-27 home victory over Texas Tech on Saturday came with a cost: They scored so many points that they burned through their season supply of fireworks.
TCU Scores Often And Quickly TCU had seven touchdown drives that lasted under two minutes long against Texas Tech, the most by any team against a Power 5 opponent this season. Team TD drives Opponent TCU, Saturday 7 Texas Tech Ga. Tech, Saturday 6 at Pitt Baylor, Oct. 11 6 TCU Cal, Sept. 27 6 Colo. E. Carolina, Sept. 20 6 UNC -- ESPN Stats & Information
Drew Martin, TCU's assistant AD for marketing and licensing, said Monday he's working with the school's game-day pyrotechnician to determine just how big a fireworks order the school needs to place for its final two home games.
TCU's pyro provider, Bill Crews of Extreme Pyro, ordered enough ammunition this season in preparation for 30 to 40 touchdowns at Amon G. Carter Stadium. The Frogs have already scored 45 this season, including 30 at home and 10 against the Red Raiders.
That supply of fireworks, launched after each touchdown and field goal from atop the Meyer-Martin Athletic Complex overlooking the south end zone, came up empty early in the fourth quarter. With TCU up 68-27, Crews radioed Martin to say they were almost out.
"He said, 'Just want to let you know, we've only got enough pyro to shoot one more touchdown,'" Martin said. "Sure enough, we scored two more times."
The weight of the pyrotechnics shot off for touchdowns and field goals in TCU's five home wins? Nearly 200 pounds.
Crew brings eight large tubs of fireworks each week. The Frogs' 239 points in home games have sent him home with less than a bucket of leftovers most weeks.
"He says we have fired enough pyro this year to do a 15-minute-long show," Martin said.
He and Crews put in an extra order earlier this month when TCU's prolific offense started outperforming all expectations. After what the Frogs did Saturday, they're wondering what it'll take to get through home games against Kansas State and Iowa State.
"We'd already ordered enough for 16 additional touchdowns," Martin said, "but that was before Saturday. So we're going to go back and take a look today with my pyro guy."
In their defense, TCU scored 37 touchdowns last season and just 23 in home games. Although Crews did increase his order this year in anticipation of new offensive coordinators Doug Meacham and Sonny Cumbie revitalizing the Frogs' offense, he and Martin didn't expect an offense quite this prolific.
“Life Riders,” a new emergency response unit of Magen David Adom (MDA), Israel's national ambulance organization, is being equipped with 1,000 electric bicycles to more easily and quickly reach patients in areas difficult for larger vehicles to access.
Each member of the voluntary unit is provided with resuscitation equipment and can be summoned to scenes within a radius of 10 kilometers as first-responders, along with standby medics, ambulances and intensive-care vehicles.
“Every bike is equipped with a medical kit, so that once we reach a scene we are able to provide preliminary medical treatment until an MDA ambulance or Medicycle arrive at the scene,” said youth volunteer Yarin Mualem. “We are able to reach the scene quickly, treat the patient and provide an accurate report of the incident to the dispatch center.”
Every MDA Life Rider – age 17 and up, with a minimum of two years of MDA experience — goes through professional training to ride electric bikes within cities and in a variety of conditions while handling shifting weight, halting, accelerating, changing lanes in busy roads, riding at night, and so forth. They have to obey a speed limit of 25 kilometers per hour and must wear a helmet, knee protectors and a neon vest.
“This is an all-volunteer unit, where the goal is to reach very crowded areas, or areas where ambulances and Medicycles can't drive through, such as boardwalks, markets and alleys,” said Iftah Levi, a senior officer in MDA's Operational Wing.
Life Riders marks the first time electric bikes have been used for first response anywhere on an organized basis. The idea is that they can maneuver in tight spots better than motorcycles and ambulances.
“MDA has a wide variety of lifesaving vehicles compatible with a variety of scenes and conditions. In order to cut emergency response times, we've decided to integrate electric bikes into our array of vehicles – something that's unheard of in any other EMS organization around the world,” said Eli Bin, MDA Director General.
MDA first piloted the electric-bike squad near the light-rail construction zones in Tel Aviv, the Bat Yam boardwalk and the market in Petah Tikva.
“As a volunteer in the Old City, we often face alleyways and narrow streets where regular ambulances can barely reach,” said Yosef Kasuto, an MDA emergency medical technician who lives in the Old City of Jerusalem. “The new bikes will definitely help us save more lives.”
(via Israel21c)
[Photo: Israel21c ]
Fans of the Bengals and Redskins likely have high hopes for the 2013 season. Each team is talented and has young superstars at key positions, of course, but they're also hyped about the new season because they finished the 2012 campaign on hot streaks. Both Cincinnati and Washington went 3-5 during the first half of the year before finishing with 7-1 stretches to kick their way into the playoffs. Those four-win differences between first and second halves represent the largest improvements made by NFL teams last season. The Bears and Lions, meanwhile, rode that roller coaster in the opposite direction: They each won four fewer games in the second half than they did during the first eight contests of the year. Chicago fell from 7-1 to 3-5, while the Lions started 4-4 and promptly lost every game in the second half.
It makes sense on some level that a team that heats up as the season goes along would play better during the subsequent campaign. The improvement in its record can be a measure of a young team finding its place and developing chemistry with one another. It can help the team develop some level of confidence that extends into the following year. It can also encourage management to be more aggressive during the offseason and spend big bucks in free agency that it would otherwise have held on to. But is there any actual evidence that teams that have hot second halves carry their success over to the following year?
I went back and looked at every team from 1990 to 2011, noting their performance in each half of a given season, and then compared those splits to how they performed during both the first half and the entire time frame of the following campaign. First, let's keep it simple: What does it mean for your chances if you win a given number of games during the second half of your NFL season?
Wins, Second Half Teams Avg Wins, First 8, Next Year Avg Wins, Full Season, Next Yr 8 13 4.5 9.9 7 38 4.5 8.9 6 94 4.7 9.1 5 129 4.4 8.6 4 145 4.2 8.3 3 96 3.4 7.1 2 96 3.5 7.2 1 48 3.3 6.6 0 14 2.9 5.0
Seems pretty cut-and-dried, right? The more you win during the second half of this year, the better you'll do the next year. We can all go home now, right? Well, no. That's the wrong way to measure the impact of “getting hot,” because there's a good chance that we're just capturing how consistently great teams play in any given half. A team that goes 7-1 in the first half and 6-2 in the second half is going to look impressive in the chart above and will likely produce gaudy win totals the following year, but it really didn't play better as the season wore on; it doesn't resemble the Bengals or the Redskins. Those teams are the hot hands we want to go after, and so the shape of the study needs to change.
What if we switch it from raw win total to the difference between win totals from the first half to the second half, as I discussed with regard to the likes of the Bengals and Bears in the opening paragraph? That'll give us a better idea as to whether a rapidly improving or declining team has some sort of carryover effect to the following year. How do those numbers look?
Win Diff # Teams Avg Wins, First 8, Next Year Avg Wins, Full Season, Next Yr +5 3 4.6 9.3 +4 18 4.4 7.9 +3 44 3.4 7.5 +2 88 4.2 8.8 +1 108 4.3 8.5 +0 143 3.9 7.8 -1 129 3.9 7.7 -2 76 4.0 7.9 -3 37 4.0 8.3 -4 22 3.8 7.2 -5 5 4.2 7.4
The teams that played better in the second half seem to do a little better than the ones who slipped over the first eight games of the subsequent season, but it's not by much. At that level, history doesn't tell us much about whether this effect exists at all.
There's another issue that these numbers aren't accounting for, though: The innate nature of NFL teams with outlying records to regress toward the mean. In this case, that means that teams with a winning record are likely to decline and head toward an 8-8 season, while teams with a losing record are likely to improve on their way toward .500. Don't believe me? Here are those teams from 1990 to 2011 split by their total regular-season record, what they did the following year, and the percentage of those teams that improved or declined (or maintained their previous record):
Wins # Teams Avg Wins Next Year Improve % Decline % Maintain % 16 1 11.0 0.0% 100.0% 0.0% 15 3 10.7 0.0% 100.0% 0.0% 14 13 9.5 0.0% 92.3% 7.7% 13 33 9.4 0.0% 90.9% 9.1% 12 42 9.5 16.7% 66.7% 16.7% 11 55 9.0 18.2% 74.5% 7.3% 10 73 8.6 30.1% 61.6% 8.2% 9 81 8.6 40.7% 48.1% 11.1% 8 83 7.9 42.2% 44.6% 13.3% 7 70 7.2 51.4% 38.6% 10.0% 6 68 7.5 61.8% 29.4% 8.8% 5 53 7.0 64.2% 24.5% 11.3% 4 51 7.1 88.2% 5.9% 5.9% 3 24 6.4 83.3% 8.3% 8.3% 2 15 5.4 93.3% 6.7% 0.0% 1 7 7.8 100.0% 0.0% 0.0% 0 1 2.0 100.0% 0.0% 0.0%
Great teams almost always get worse, truly bad teams almost always get better, and teams in the middle tend to make slight movements toward 8-8. It's the big-picture reality of the NFL. For that reason, we have to institute some sort of control to get a better idea of whether these second-half hot streaks really mean anything. Instead of merely looking at whether a team made a second-half leap or not, we need to compare them to similar teams who didn't make a leap (or got notably worse) and see if they play better than those similar teams in the following season. In other words, do 10-6 teams that get hot at the end of the season play better the next year than 10-6 teams that freeze up and play worse during the second half?
It's a tough question to answer because the exercise quickly devolves into really small sample sizes; I'm not sure that there's anything to be gained from comparing five “rising” 10-6 teams versus six “falling” 10-6 teams. As a result, I had to lump them into groups of teams that were 11-5 and 10-6, 9-7 and 8-8, and 7-9 and 6-10. (There weren't enough teams with 12 wins or more or five wins or fewer to make comparisons.) I then split those groups into teams that were “hot” or “cold” in the second half, meaning that their second-half records were at least three wins better (hot) or worse (cold) than their first-half records. The control was those teams that had won totals that didn't change by more than two wins from half to half. I analyzed what they did over the first eight games of the subsequent season, and then over that entire second campaign.
Guess what I found? Getting hot in the second half has meant just about nothing for future team success, after you account for the performance of similar teams:
Improved 2H by 3+ Wins 1H + 2H Wins Within 2 Declined 2H by 3+ Wins Group of Team Records Wins 1H Next Yr Wins Next Yr Wins 1H Next Yr Wins Next Yr Wins 1H Next Yr Wins Next Yr 11-5, 10-6 4.0 8.3 4.5 8.8 5.1 10.1 9-7, 8-8 4.0 7.6 4.2 8.4 4.0 8.2 7-9, 6-10 3.6 7.4 3.5 7.3 3.7 7.5
Does this mean that there's no value in peaking in the second half and getting better as the season goes along? Of course not. All the ideas and values I mentioned still stand and have some meaning. The NFL, though, is subject to more randomness and overwhelming effects than any other sport by virtue of its short season and high injury rate. The Redskins should certainly have more confidence about their ability now than they did after their 3-5 start to the season last year, but if Robert Griffin III gets hurt again and the Redskins struggle, nobody's going to be bringing up their confidence from the second half of last year as a meaningful proposition. And if the Bears start 6-2, nobody is going to be talking about how they overcame their second-half collapse from a year ago. While the possibility exists that there's a significant value in getting hot during the second half, there's just not meaningful historical evidence suggesting that it actually has any bearing on future seasons.
A myth is developing that private creditors have accepted significant losses in the restructuring of Greece's debt ; while the official sector gets off scot free. International Monetary Fund claims have traditional seniority, but bonds held by the European Central Bank and other eurozone central banks are also escaping a haircut, as are loans from the eurozone's rescue funds with the same legal status as private claims. So, the argument runs, private claims have been “subordinated” to official ones in a breach of accepted legal practice.
The reality is that private creditors got a very sweet deal while most actual and future losses have been transferred to the official creditors.
Even after private sector involvement, Greece's public debt will be unsustainable at close to 140 per cent of gross domestic product: at best, it will fall to 120 per cent by 2020 and could rise as high as 160 per cent of GDP. Why? A “haircut” of €110bn on privately held bonds is matched by an increase of €130bn in the debt Greece owes to official creditors. A significant part of this increase in Greece's official debt goes to bail out private creditors: €30bn for upfront cash sweeteners on the new bonds that effectively guarantee much of their face value. Any future further haircuts to make Greek debt sustainable will therefore fall disproportionately on the growing claims of the official sector. Loans of at least €25bn from the European Financial Stability Facility to the Greek government will go towards recapitalising banks in a scheme that will keep those banks in private hands and allow shareholders to buy back any public capital injection with sweetly priced warrants.
The new bonds will also be subject to English law, where the old bonds fell under Greek jurisdiction. So if Greece were to leave the eurozone, it could no longer pass legislation to convert euro-denominated debt into new drachma debt. This is an amazing sweetener for creditors.
Moreover, the official sector began restructuring its claims (both the IMF ones and those with equal status to private ones) well before private sector creditors. Maturities were lengthened – effectively a debt restructuring – and the interest rate on those loans reduced, repeatedly.
This was despite the fact that all official loans should have been senior to the private ones, as they were all extended after the crisis struck; an attempt to resolve it rather than its cause. Historically, bilateral official (Paris Club) claims are treated as equivalent to private ones (London Club) only because such debt builds up for decades as governments lend money to former colonies or allies for political reasons. But all official lending in the eurozone began after the crisis and should have been senior to private claims. Any senior creditor that extends new financing to a distressed debtor should be given seniority; this is the principle of “debtor in possession” financing in corporate debt restructuring.
Moreover, until PSI occurred, for the last two years official loans by the Troika allowed Greece's private creditors to exit their maturing claims on time and in full (or with a modest discount for the bonds purchased at high prices by the ECB). PSI came too little, too late.
Also, while the Eurosystem will receive, in the debt exchange, new Greek bonds valued at par, all the accounting profits from this scheme (plus the coupon on the bonds) will be transferred to governments, who have the option of passing these gains to Greece. The result is a haircut of about 30 per cent on these official sector claims. And if the ECB's Greek bonds are passed – with no loss – to the EFSF, the latter will end up taking the losses for the difference between the bonds' current low market price and the price at which the ECB bought them.
In conclusion, the idea that Greece's debt restructuring is all PSI and haircuts, with no official sector involvement, is a myth. OSI started well before PSI; the PSI deal has substantial sweeteners; and with three quarters of Greek debt in the hands of official creditors by 2014, Greece's public debt will be almost entirely socialised. Official creditors will be left to suffer most of the huge additional losses that remain likely on Greece's still unsustainable debt in future. Moreover, the second official sector rescue of Greece will not be the last. Greece will not regain market access for at least another decade; so its fiscal and current account deficits will have to be financed with additional official resources for the foreseeable future.
So, Greece's private creditors should stop complaining and accept the deal offered to them this week. They will take some losses, but those losses are limited and, on a mark-to-market basis, the debt exchange offers them a potential capital gain. Indeed, the fact that the new bonds are expected to be worth more than the old bonds suggests that this PSI exercise has further transferred losses to Greece's official creditors.
The reality is that most of the gains in good times – and until the PSI – were privatised while most of the losses have been now socialised. Taxpayers of Greece's official creditors, not private bondholders, will end up paying for most of the losses deriving from Greece's past, current and future insolvency.
Four former Sino-Forest executives accused of fraud did not deceive anyone or shirk responsibility for their actions while they worked for the forestry company, a securities tribunal heard Monday.
To the contrary, Albert Ip, one of the four accused, agreed to be examined by law firm Bennett Jones while he was hospitalized in critical condition, said his lawyer Markus Koehnen.
Two people from Bennett Jones came to the hospital and examined Ip for three hours, despite the fact that he was having trouble breathing and had suffered internal bleeding, Koehnen said.
"That's not running away from responsibility," Koehnen said. "Mr. Ip could have kept his mouth shut and said, 'Go away.' He didn't."
Longest case
Koehnen, who is also representing Alfred Hung, George Ho and Simon Yeung, began his closing arguments in the Ontario Securities Commission hearing against five former Sino-Forest executives accused of perpetrating fraud before the firm collapsed in 2012. The case is the longest and most complex in the regulator's history.
Koehnen said his clients accurately disclosed what was going on to their superiors at the company and did not act dishonestly.
He also argued that his clients did not commit fraud because there were legitimate business reasons for their actions — even if those reasons can at times be difficult to decipher.
"I will be the first to agree that sometimes that conduct requires explanation," Koehnen said, adding that it's not because the conduct was nefarious but because the company's business operations were in mainland China, where business customs are different.
Fraud accusation
Former CEO Allen Chan has also been accused of perpetrating fraud. His lawyer, Emily Cole, has argued that Chan did not know everything that was going on within the company, and that he relied on others more familiar with Canadian reporting obligations when it came to the company's finances.
The OSC alleges the five men took part in "deceitful conduct" that included the fabrication of assets and revenue, undisclosed relationships with suppliers and customers and providing misleading documentation to support the alleged fraud.
The securities watchdog also alleges that the executives misled investors by issuing false financial statements in every quarter from 2007 to 2010.
Established in 1994, Sino-Forest was the largest foreign-owned forestry company in China. Most of the company's business was conducted in China, but its headquarters were in Ontario and its shares were traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange.
At its peak, Sino-Forest was the most valuable forestry company listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange with a market capitalization of $6 billion. From June 2005 to March 2011, the company's shares rose by 340 per cent from $5.75 per share to $25.30 per share.
Clinton leads Trump, 47 to 39 percent, in Florida, the largest of the presidential election swing states, while the two candidates take 40 percent each in Ohio, according to Quinnipiac University polling
ADVERTISEMENT
Clinton held a 1-point lead over Trump in Florida last month and has erased Trump's 4-point lead in Ohio.
Trump has lost support among men in Florida, while Clinton has seen an uptick in support among women. More Democrats in the Sunshine State back Clinton, 93 percent, than Republicans back Trump, 82 percent.
In Pennsylvania, Clinton continues to narrowly lead Trump, 42 to 41 percent, virtually unchanged from the 1-point lead Clinton held over the businessman last month.
A majority of voters in all three states found Trump's claim that a federal judge overseeing a fraud case against Trump University could not be impartial because of the judge's Mexican heritage was racist.
That includes 58 percent of voters in Florida, 59 percent of voters in Ohio and 58 percent of voters in Pennsylvania.
The polling was conducted June 8–19 via landlines and cellphones. The margin of error for the 975 Florida voters is 3.1 percentage points, while the margin of error for the 971 Ohio voters is 3.1 points and for the 950 Pennsylvania voters is 3.2 points.
by Dan Cantor and Joe Dinkin.
In the wake of the improbable Bernie Sanders campaign, the American left is more focused than it has been in decades on translating our social movement energy into victory at the ballot box. As in Britain, the collapse of the neoliberal consensus in the United States has created new political space and opportunities on the populist, democratic socialist left, as well as on the ethno-nationalist right.
In the United States, an energised left has not always meant electoral victories. In the 1960s and 70s, U.S. social movements of the “new-left” largely avoided electoral politics, choosing instead to build protest movements, community based organisations and rebuild progressive outposts within the labour movement, where the anti-communist “red scare” from generation earlier had purged it of a good deal of its activist energy. When the WFP was founded in the 1990's there were still many traces of this disdain for electoral politics on the left.
The American right had a different strategy: take over politics from the ground up, by invading and transforming the Republican Party. Fighting their battles one school board election at a time, the far right built up their political infrastructure, their voting base, and the talents of their elected officials. During the same period, the Democratic Party pivoted to the centre. In search of Wall Street financing and moderate “Reagan Democratic” voters, the Democrats began to pull back on regulating business, to favour market-based solutions to any problem, and to withdraw from the values of the civil rights movement. As the logic of a rigidly two party system goes, “where is our base going to go? Vote for the Republicans?”
There is a sea change underway, sped along by Bernie Sanders. Working Families Party, which grew slowly from one state party to operations in four states in our first fifteen years has exploded. Today, we have a membership base across the nation, statewide organisation in fourteen states, and local branches springing up in cities and counties. The Sanders campaign helped show millions of people a new and appealing approach to politics, and then left them hungry for continued political engagement after the campaign was over, and in search of new political homes.
Challenging Democrats by fielding insurgent candidates inside Democratic primaries is among the most potent tools we have. This was Bernie Sanders' strategy, and in some ways, is a mirror of the far right's approach to the Republican Party. Seen through this lens, the major parties are sites of contestation. They are the playing field, more than structures with a fixed ideology. This fight for control of the Democratic Party is playing out across a multiplicity of local elections, for state legislatures, District Attorneys, city councils and more.
We have been building a candidate recruitment and training pipeline to cultivate local leaders and prepare them to make a successful run for office. Our aim is to develop the political talents of leaders in unions, community groups, and in social movements, and bring their leadership and values into public office, starting at the bottom. Today's school board member, is tomorrow's state legislator, and soon, perhaps a candidate for Congress. In the long 11 months since Trump's election, one ray of hope has been the success of progressive movement candidates running in down-ballot races. Larry Krasner, a Working Families Party-backed candidate and lawyer for the Black Lives Matter and Occupy movements, was elected District Attorney in Philadelphia, the most incarcerated city in America, running on a platform of reversing mass incarceration. Christine Pellegrino, a teachers union activist and Bernie Sander delegate, ran as a WFP-backed candidate for a state legislative seat in deep Trump country on Long Island, and won by nearly twenty points. There are dozens of such points of optimism this year. WFP is mobilizing a growing network of volunteers and campaigners to help elect many more such leaders in November, in 2018, and beyond.
We are also building structures of support and accountability for our candidates, once elected. Elected officials face numerous and powerful forces trying to advance their own agendas, from lobbyists to donors to pressure from colleagues. Working Families Party is building its capacity to support the people it helps elect to withstand the uglier angles vying for their attention and keeps them in community with other ideological, progressive elected officials and accountable to their voters and organizations.
Our aim, over time, is to define a new pole in the political discourse. If we're successful, voters will understand Working Families Party Democrats as a distinct breed of candidate – ones who seeks to advance the goals of the social movements, and not simply climb up their own career ladder, saying whatever will help them hold onto office. That means giving both ideological progressives and also those voters alienated from politics altogether that supporting our candidates is a path to making a difference in the lives of ordinary people, and not just part of a cynical game.
Our social movements are more vibrant and better organised than they have been in a generation. But as the left has come to learn, if we leave politics to the politicians, we cannot be surprised with the results. That is why we are building connective tissue that brings social movements into politics and keeps our politicians with one foot in the streets: a path from protest, slowly but surely, to power.
Dan Cantor is the Working Families Party's national director and chair. Joe Dinkin is the WFP campaigns and communications director.
There are no weak points with this $400 Android smartphone. So why pay more?
2017 Has seen some impressive phone launches at the high end. However, the most revolutionary stuff might be appearing at the lower end. The gap between expensive phones and cheap phones has started narrowing at a dramatic pace. Whereas last year we were impressed with cheap phones that only exhibited a few compromises, we're struggling to find any weak points in the new generation. Moto's G5 Plus is in this category.
Key specs
5.2in, 1920 x 1080 LCD screen, 3GB/16GB or 4GB/32GB RAM, 2GHz Octa-core Snapdragon 625 CPU, Adreno 506 GPU, 12MP rear and 5MP front cameras, microSD, dual SIM, Micro USB, Android 7, 3000mAh battery, 150 x 74 x 10mm, 155g. Full specs here.
Design and Handling
We've seen some impressive claims from manufacturers with regards to build-quality and materials in the past year, but they've been in regards to high-end phones like the HTC U Ultra and Play plus the glossy black iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. Now Moto is regaling us with tales of it's 'diamond-cut Aluminium chassis' which has been blasted with microbeads – you don't see that on too many $400 phones.
Indeed, this year's Moto mid-range marvel is much classier in look and feel than last year's plastic G4 Plus. It's still not nearly as flashy as HTC's U phones – it's limited in colour from grey to gold – but it does feel stronger and less likely to catastrophically shatter if dropped onto something hard.
The 5.2-inch, Full HD LCD screen is topped with Gorilla Glass 3 – not the latest, greatest and strongest version, so buying a case might ramp up protection as well as the aesthetics. The screen itself is bright and colourful when it's turned on, though. Few will complain about not having Ultra High Definition AMOLED unit – especially those who value function and battery life over slightly-better image quality.
Under the hood is a 2GHz Snapdragon-based processor and Adreno GPU. It was hard to detect any lag under general usage. All general-purpose apps opened almost instantly and we also didn't suffer from any real lag when playing games. The Operating System feels like standard Android 7 although Google Assistant isn't present.
As before, there's a fingerprint reader beneath the screen but it doesn't act as a button – the three main Android buttons are displayed on the screen itself. This feels a bit like a waste of space. However, it is fast at unlocking the phone, if not quite instant.
We're big fans of Moto's haptic feedback which provides a soft-yet-meaty dull thud whenever you touch the screen. It makes the whole phone feel solid. It's a little thing, but it doesn't get old and provides a sense of quality that no other phones match.
The speaker (which is the same one used when listening to phone calls) provides distinct audio for conference calls and even music, but doesn't get very loud. There's certainly no punch for multimedia playback – but then there rarely is these days.
The only gripe we have is Moto's appalling, “Hello Moto” ringtones which were derided by surrounding people whenever and wherever they heard them. Mercifully you can turn them off.
The Moto G5 Plus camera
Many phones live or die by their cameras these days. Last year's G4 operated well in good light but could struggle thereafter. The G5's cameras felt like an improvement although they weren't perfect. The rear camera is 12-megapixels while the front camera is only 5-megapixels which can be a bit too low these days.
Nonetheless, in good lighting, pictures were mostly sharp and well exposed with very little focus reaching or shutter lag. The only minor annoyance is of the quick animation of each photo taking, zooming off into the ether. It doesn't last long, but in the world of photography, any delay in shooting can feel like an age.
Read more: LG G6 phone: full, in-depth review
As light decreases, performance was a bit more challenged but still above average. Low-to-modest light shots were still very usable and it had to get dusk-like before grain started appearing. Even then shots could be usable so long as there was minimal motion. All in all it punched well above its weight and didn't feel like it had a weak point.
When it came to video, we found that it was the most comfortable taking 60fps Full HD. While the lack of optical image stabilisation meant that wobbles were often prevalent, the smooth frame-rate playback made up for this. The main gripe we had here been that in areas where there was even the slightest background noise, the G5 made everything sound very noisy - even though speech was still distinct. We'd like to see future updates improve that audio filtering.
Focusing was generally impressive although once you've touched the screen to correct it, you have to keep touching it. It's not a big issue but it's there.
Read more: Moto X4 review: This is what a world without MotoMods looks like
Next: Battery Life, Other Features and Conclusion
National Aviation Day Begins August 19, 1939 Date August 19 Next time ( 2019-08-19 ) Frequency annual
The National Aviation Day (August 19) is a United States national observation that celebrates the development of aviation.
The holiday was established in 1939 by Franklin Delano Roosevelt, who issued a presidential proclamation which designated the anniversary of Orville Wright's birthday to be National Aviation Day (Mr. Wright, born in 1871, was still alive when the proclamation was first issued, and would live another nine years). The proclamation was codified (USC 36:I:A:1:118), and it allows the sitting US President to proclaim August 19 as National Aviation Day each year, if desired. Their proclamation may direct all federal buildings and installations to fly the US flag on that day, and may encourage citizens to observe the day with activities that promote interest in aviation.[1]
History [ edit ]
Poster by NASA for National Aviation Day.
In 2014 No Sleep Records commemorated the holiday by releasing Aviator's debut LP Head In The Clouds, Hands In The Dirt[citation needed], and in the same year Rockstar Games commemorated the holiday by releasing aviation themed downloadable content for Grand Theft Auto V. [2]
Air shows on or near the time of National Aviation Day for August 2018 and into September, include:[3]
The Chicago Air and Water show will host a NASA village in 2018.[4] The NASA village, active for August 17 to 19, 2018 also celebrates the 60th anniversary of NASA and includes information about projects like the Space Launch System, a large rocket under development in the 2010s.[5] As part of the National Aviation Day festivities at the North beach location, NASA will open its Journey to Tomorrow traveling exhibit.[6][7]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
After leaving Flamengo, Ronaldinho joined Atlético-MG before the traditional Brazilian Monday night football shows even had a chance to discuss the reasons for his exit. Not so brilliant was the decision of Galo's president Alexandre Kalil to sign him, as even after getting the former Barcelona man to agree to a huge wage drop – he is rumoured to now be earning 25% of what Flamengo agreed to (but did not) pay him – chasing him sounds like madness at this point of his career.
Some may argue that Ronaldinho wasn't that bad at Flamengo, and that before Vágner Love joined he was often picked as man of the match whenever they won – which says a lot more about Flamengo's squad than it does about Ronaldinho – but his most notable appearance in recent seasons was when a girl was told to use his mask during one of Silvio Berlusconi's infamous Bunga Bunga parties.
His new contract ends in December and you may think that even R49 – yes, Ronaldinho will wear the less-fashionable number 49 jersey at Atlético – will have no problems lasting just seven months. However, I'm here to prove otherwise, so here are seven reasons that explain why Ronaldinho won't wait seven months to leave Belo Horizonte.
1. No beaches
This must be the first thing to pop in to everyone's head when thinking of reasons why Ronaldinho could suffer at Atlético. Minas Gerais is Brazil's most populous state without a coastline, and being the only landlocked state in Brazil's affluent south and southeast regions has had a profound psychological effect on the mineiros. Trust me. I was born there.
As Minas does not connect with the ocean, the state is widely known for its agricultural vocation, and to other Brazilians the mineiro is seen as a hillbilly who doesn't do much besides waking up early and milking his cows before sunrise. We're hillbillies who go to the beach. Albeit not our beaches.
The coastline in the nearby state of Espírito Santo is home to some beautiful beaches and because of the large number of people who travel from Minas Gerais to get there, it is unofficially known as the Minas Gerais coast. Ronaldinho can hop on a bus and join his fellow mineiros on a long, exhausting trip through the mountains to the litoral. If he misses Rio de Janeiro, a quick excursion to Juiz de Fora could be an option. Although the city is in Minas Gerais, the locals are famous for their carioca accents, and are often referred to as mineiros who wanted to be born in Rio.
Brazilian football's busy calendar and regular training sessions – not that Ronaldinho cares about training sessions – will make it painfully difficult for poor Ronnie to leave Belo Horizonte and head to the beach whenever he feels like it. Another problem is that unless his brother-cum-agent Assis is looking for a sponsorship deal with Cargill, he might not be too happy with the idea of having his favourite client related to cattle and crops.
Also, there's the common notion that country life is not as exciting as it is in Rio de Janeiro. But luckily for him, alcohol can help make life a lot more exciting, and if you want alcohol, there's no better place to be in Brazil than in Minas Gerais.
2. Large number of bars
What do you do when you don't have beaches in your city? You drink. Belo Horizonte has the largest number of bars and restaurants per capita of any Brazilian city. They have even established ‘Dia Municipal do Boteco' (loosely translated as ‘Pub Day') which falls every year on the third Saturday of May, and the city's 2.5 million inhabitants have more than 12,000 options of where to drink, in keeping with the state's unofficial motto: já que Minas não tem mar, eu vou pro bar (roughly “seeing as Minas doesn't have any beaches, I'll go to the pub”). This is not a joke. Ronaldinho really has joined a club in a city with a nationally famous nightlife.
But that's not all, Minas Gerais is also famous for their cachaça, Brazil's national spirit. Cachaça is famous all over the country, but in Minas Gerais you can find a variety that you won't get anywhere else, with prices ranging from $3 to $100 a bottle. And what is so wrong with this drink? Well, the hangover lasts from 3 to 100 hours – inversely proportional to the price.
Although I think that Pub Day and the nation's widest variety of cachaça is justification enough, it is also worth mentioning that Belo Horizonte is host to Brazil's most famous bar food eating competition, which always attracts thousands of tourists.
3. Calorific food
Food in Minas Gerais is great if you're looking for a heart attack. With sausages, lots of oil and fried stuff, the state's most traditional dish is feijão tropeiro, which goes well with everything from rice to barbecued meat. This famous dish basically consists of bacon, pepperoni sausage, olive oil, onions, garlic, beans, eggs, cassava flour and a whole lot of salt. Just the kind of food you wouldn't want your star midfielder to be eating throughout the season.
The most famous feijão tropeiro in the state is found at the even more famous Mineirão stadium, called the tropeirão do Mineirão but it hasn't been served since the stadium was closed for renovation ahead of the 2014 World Cup. When the slightly less famous Estádio Independência was reopened earlier this year, the dish once again became part of the city's football culture, and although it's not found inside the stadium, you can easily order it in one of the many restaurants nearby. It won't be as easy as buying a portion inside the stadium, but Ronaldinho can just as easily join the other fans on matchdays and enjoy the pleasure of cardiovascular disease.
Another thing appreciated by locals is pão de queijo (essentially ‘cheese bread'), and if you are familiar with this particular snack then you are most likely suffering from an extreme case of drooling. It is made from tapioca flour, milk, oil, eggs and loads of cheese, and just like any other bread you can eat it any way you want, with any topping you want.
This kind of food was introduced to the state before even horses had been brought to the continent. The huge amount of calories served the founders with the energy they needed to leave the coast and trek through the countryside, traveling thousands of miles in search of gold.
That doesn't really apply to Ronaldinho though. He'd sit right in the middle of the pitch if he could. Just bring him a table, a couple of chairs, a few musicians and a bottle of cachaça and you have Belo Horizonte's most famous bar, right on the half-way line of the Independência.
4. Adapting from samba to sertanejo
Put together hillbilly people and hillbilly food and what do you have? Hillbilly music. Accustomed to Rio de Janeiro's famous roda de samba and escola de samba, Ronaldinho will now have to get used to sertanejo – Brazilian country music.
The nightclubs in the city are already celebrating Ronaldinho's arrival – one even published an advert saying that they're waiting for him – but it may take a while until he finally learns how to properly dance to this music. Before showing his moves on Belo Horizonte's dancefloors, Ronaldinho may want to try out some sertanejo goal celebrations, instead of his usual samba style, to please the Atlético faithful.
That might be asking too much from someone who struggled to adapt to Brazilian football after his return from Europe. In his first few months at Flamengo, Ronaldinho was sent off more than usual for a forward, and while some journalists dubbed him a violent player, Vanderlei Luxemburgo – their coach at the time – pointed out that he was still adapting to the way football is played and refereed in Brazil.
5. Local women
Brazilian women can be very controlling, so in order to hold on to their cowboys in Minas Gerais they like to take care of their bodies. That's one of the reasons that made the mineiras, alongside women from central-west city Goiânia, widely known for their beauty. Imagine the stereotype of the Brazilian woman you have and consider what you have just learned about women from Belo Horizonte. Now imagine how Ronaldinho is going to behave amongst them. What if I told you that Belo Horizonte has 150,000 more women than men? Things are starting to look promising for R49…
6. Top selling newspaper in the country
All these beautiful women will certainly give newspapers some great stories. But it's too bad that a city with 2.5 million inhabitants doesn't sell as many papers as in Rio or São Paulo, right? Wrong! Belo Horizonte – in fact it is Contagem, a smaller city in greater BH – is home to Brazil's top-selling newspaper. With 300,000 copies sold every day for $0,12, Super Notícia is a UK-style tabloid. Not the friendliest media for a player who enjoys a good night out, is it?
7. Jô
Women won't be the only reason for Ronaldinho's name to crop up in local tabloids. They will be involved, but often it will be his team-mates that get him into the most trouble. If he is looking for a night out, Ronaldinho won't have too much trouble finding the right company, as Atlético Mineiro also have Mancini and Jô in their squad.
The former was convicted for sexual assault while he was living in Milan; the latter just left Internacional after manager Dorival Junior had him training on his own after several incidents of indiscipline. In the beginning of the year when they were still involved in the first stages of the Libertadores, Jô left an Internacional training session claiming that he wasn't feeling too well, and later that night – probably after taking some sort of miracle cure – Jô was feeling so good that he decided to throw a party that ended with a visit from the police. Months later, Internacional travelled to Rio de Janeiro to face Fluminense in the Libertadores round of 16, and after they lost the match he decided to ditch the rest of his team and spend the night out. They didn't hear from him again until 10am the following morning.
But wait! There's more! Rumours say that Atlético are interested in signing rotund forward Adriano once he's fully recovered from his injury. Whether this is true or not, the fact is that president Alexandre Kalil confessed that he tried to sign Adriano when he left Corinthians but as the player decided to spend some days enjoying the beach in Búzios, the chairman gave up on signing him.
Whether it's Jô, Mancini or Adriano that will be his wing-man we must wait to find out but without any beaches to relax on, Ronaldinho will definitely want to enjoy the intense local nightlife, with great food and drink, amongst beautiful women, while learning some new dancing moves, which will surely have him all over the local papers. It goes without saying that we can expect a horde of angry Atleticanos breaking through the walls of the Cidade do Galo to get Ronaldinho out of there by December.
Follow André on Twitter @SavastanoAndre and Euan @euanmarshall
Fund's chief economist Olivier Blanchard says global economy will take a decade to recover from the financial crisis
The International Monetary Fund's chief economist has warned that the global economy will take a decade to recover from the financial crisis as the latest snapshot of the UK economy suggested that growth in the third quarter will be at best anaemic.
Olivier Blanchard said he feared the eurozone crisis, debt problems in Japan and the US, and a slowdown in China meant that the world economy would not be in good shape until at least 2018. "It's not yet a lost decade," he said. "But it will surely take at least a decade from the beginning of the crisis for the world economy to get back to decent shape.
Blanchard made his comments on a Hungarian website Portfolio.hu ahead of the IMF meeting next week in Tokyo. Germany is expected to defend its handling of Europe's debt problems at the meeting, but Blanchard said there was more that Europe's largest economy could do to support Spain and other struggling eurozone nations. In particular, he urged Berlin to accept a rise in inflation and wages that would make it less competitive with its trading partners.
He said there was no risk of hyperinflation in Europe. Higher inflation in Germany, though, would be beneficial: a somewhat higher inflation rate in Germany should simply be seen as a necessary and desirable relative price adjustment, he said.
Blanchard's comments came as figures from Markit showed that the UK's important services sector grew in August but slipped back by September as the Olympics factor waned.
According to industry figures from Markit the services activity index dropped from 53.7 to 52.2 and employment fell, adding to gloomy surveys of the construction and manufacturing sectors earlier in the week.
Markit, which compiles a monthly index based on figures from the Chartered Institute of Purchasing and Supply, said it was now clear that the bounce back from the slump in the first half of the year was weaker than expected and could result in the UK economy growing by just 0.1% in the third quarter.
Hopes that the Queen's diamond jubilee and the £9bn spent on the Olympics would lift sales over the longer term have largely been dashed as growth slows and the outlook, though robust with a growing order book, remains subdued.
The Bank of England's monetary policy committee, which began a two-day meeting on Wednesday, is on Thursday expected to keep interest rates at 0.5% and maintain the stock of bonds in its quantitative easing programme at £375bn.
Most economists believe it is possible the lacklustre figures will persuade the MPC to add a further £50bn at its November meeting when the first estimate of the third quarter figures is available.
Plane Lands In Cleveland; Bomb Feared Aboard
A Boeing 767 out of Boston made an emergency landing Tuesday at Cleveland Hopkins International Airport due to concerns that it may have a bomb aboard, said Mayor Michael R. White.
White said the plane had been moved to a secure area of the airport, and was evacuated.
United identified the plane as Flight 93. The airline did say how many people were aboard the flight.
United said it was also "deeply concerned" about another flight, Flight 175, a Boeing 767, which was bound from Boston to Los Angeles.
On behalf of the airline CEO James Goodwin said: "The thoughts of everyone at United are with the passengers and crew of these flights. Our prayers are also with everyone on the ground who may have been involved.
"United is working with all the relevant authorities, including the FBI, to obtain further information on these flights," he said.
Roma: no Kovacic loan
By Football Italia staff
Real Madrid are reluctant to give Mateo Kovacic away on a loan basis, so Roma turn to Newcastle United's Georginio Wijnaldum.
The Giallorossi need to bring quality back to their midfield after Miralem Pjanic activated his buy-out clause and left for Juventus.
The Italian club's interest in Kovacic is being confirmed by La Gazzetta dello Sport, who report that the Lupi are now allowed to discuss terms with the player.
However, they also report that the Merengues are unlikely to accept Roma's request for a loan deal, and will only sell him outright, at a price of €30m.
That amount is considered excessive by sporting director Walter Sabatini, who is more likely to turn to another target.
The club reportedly have a meeting with Newcastle United in the coming days to discuss Wijnaldum, who is now the main candidate.
Earlier reports suggested that Roma were after two midfielders though, so it's possible that Kovacic could still be a target, alongside Zenit St Petersburg's Axel Witsel.
Ever imagined having super-human hearing, maybe to spy on someone across the room or just to hear your dining partner better in a crowded restaurant? For $299, you can have it with Soundhawk's Scoop , a small device that looks like a typical Bluetooth headset but offers a whole different set of capabilities.
Soundhawk, founded by serial entrepreneur Dr. Rodney Perkins, seems at first glance to be a hearing aid company. The company's device does share a lot in common with the ReSound LiNX, a Bluetooth-enabled hearing aid that can be adjusted on the iPhone. In fact, Perkins founded ReSound in the early 1980s (the company has since been sold).
But the Soundhawk device is emphatically not a hearing aid, according to CEO Michael Kisch. The single-ear device is a much lower price than most hearing aids available today (the ReSound LiNX, in comparison, costs $3,200 to $3,500 per unit), and it's intended for people with normal hearing.
“We're not a medical device. We're a pure play consumer electronics product,” says Kisch. “We are trying to help people with a situational need to hear better–in a noisy restaurant, walking around the city, when they're home with their spouse.”
The product, which Soundhawk calls a Smart Listening System, consists of three components: the Scoop, a wireless mic, and a charging case that can offer up to eight hours of charge. The Scoop goes in the ear, while the wireless mic can be used in situations when the user wants to hear one specific thing more clearly–a person or a TV show, for example.
Four types of ear tips also come in the product box. They each fit different sized ears, but they also have varying acoustic properties. One of the larger eartips enables a fuller sound of both high and low frequencies, while one of the smaller ones amplifies high frequencies.
All of the Scoop's settings are controlled by a smartphone app, much like the ReSound LiNX (and the Halo, another Bluetooth-enabled hearing aid). The app, available for iPhone and Android, lets users move their finger across a grid that fills the screen to select the sound settings (higher frequency, fuller sound, etc.) that works best for them. Users can also select different settings for different “sound scenes,” like driving in a car or sitting in a restaurant. If you're driving, for example, the wind-noise reduction algorithms will be used more aggressively than if you're sitting in a restaurant.
The Process of Saying Goodbye
There are times when baseball takes a back seat to things in your life. This week was one of those times.
My dad took me to my first baseball game back in 1979 to see a minor league game at Wolfson Park in Jacksonville. I do not remember anything about the game, but I do remember the plastic Suns batting helmet he bought me as I wore it frequently over the next couple of years until it cracked in the Texas heat once we moved to Texas. He also brought me to my first professional baseball game when we had to go in the Standing Room Only section of the Astrodome and stare through chain-link fencing to watch Nolan Ryan pitch. Over the years in the Astrodome, we got better seats for games. I can recall one time sitting in the seats dad got from one of his bosses right behind the third base dugout and one of the umpires gave me some money to go buy him a pretzel and in return, he gave me a baseball from the dugout. Another time, I can recall going to the SkyBox with dad and he would bet colleagues up there I could beat them in baseball trivia as an 11-year old kid. I took home a $40 share of the profits that particular evening.
In later years, when I came to visit him and my stepmom in North Carolina, we went back to attending minor league baseball. We went to many Durhams Bulls games at the old Durham Athletic Park when they housed the Carolina League affiliate of the Atlanta Braves or driving over to Zebulon to catch the Carolina Mudcats in their new stadium. I can recall showing Javy Lopez his first baseball card from a Bowman pack I purchased on the way to the game in Durham and seeing Ryan Klesko pitch a fit at second base after one of his laser shots didn't clear the high fence and he had to settle for a double. Work brought him back to Florida once again in the early 2000's and we ended up going back to minor league games in Jacksonville, but at the new stadium that replaced Wolfson and saw players such as Chad Billingsley, Reggie Abercrombie, and former Rays hero Wily Aybar. Dad was relocated back to Texas in 2005, just in time to enjoy the World Series run for the Astros and we would call to chat about the playoff games while he was traveling around Texas and I was going all over Florida working with schools.
Dad's good sports fortune continued as he was relocated to the Tampa area in 2008 for work and immediately latched on to the Rays as the other locals did. From then until I relocated to North Carolina in 2014, I would drive over from Orlando and we would go to a couple of games together each year, and many of those were on Fathers Day. He was not much of an online reader, so he kept up with the Rays from sports radio as well as reading the coverage in the Times and the Tribune on a daily basis and would try to follow along with what I wrote at DRaysBay, Dock of the Rays, and now here. He would call to chat about what he read or heard when something had him worked up, which was usually the bad hitting and all of the strikeouts.”
Earlier this year, we adjusted vacation plans after a terrific deal from Delta hit my inbox to allow me to fly my wife and kids down to Fort Myers to see dad and my stepmom using only points. The Florida summers were one reason why my wife and I chose to relocate two years ago, but when you can get four round trip tickets for 78,000 Skymiles, you go where they can take you. I'm convinced that deal did not find my inbox by accident because it allowed me to take him to another baseball game for Fathers Day. We took the kids to what ended up being the first loss in the long June swoon, but both my son (cover picture) and my daughter each got a foul ball that game. Dad picked up yet another Rays hat (he had 20 hanging in the garage) as well as t-shirts with the logos of the Stone Crabs, Biscuits, and Bulls. What I didn't know at the time was that it would be the last thing he and I would do together and the last time I would see him alive.
He told my wife and I on that trip that he needed to have his aortic valve replaced because it was failing him. My wife has worked as a Surgical Technician in heart and lung surgery for the past 20 years so she is well-versed in what that procedure entails. She talked us all through what to expect for recovery and that he was in the hands of one of the best surgeons in the country. The highly-regarded surgeon my wife assisted for her many years in Orlando had been trained by the surgeon working on my father. When I called my dad the day before his surgery on July 12th, he was in great spirits and looking forward to the relief the surgery would afford him. Mom said he fell asleep in the recliner that evening watching the All-Star game.
The routine procedure the next morning uncovered pulmonary hypertension, which was an 80-grade changeup to the situation. It led to complications from which dad was not able to recover from. He passed away mid-day on July 20th after an abrupt turn for the worse overnight when the previous day gave us hope he was turning the corner to a good recovery.
The hardest part for me was that he was just days away from his 65th birthday and the hardest working man I've ever known did not get to enjoy a single day of retirement. We had a long conversation on the drive back to Fort Myers after the baseball game in June and he wanted to downshift into part-time consulting for those interested in quick-service franchising and had already lined up a couple of options to do that while being in full control of his schedule and being able to work from home. We discussed how to put that plan in action and set up some time to further those talks once he was up to it after surgery. I even found a logo he had worked on for his future business card as I helped my mom clean up his work desk yesterday to send back his electronics to the corporate office.
While this is a personal story, I hope those of you that have read down this far learn something from it. Enjoy every moment with your father if he is still with you and do not put off to tomorrow what you can do today with your loved ones. Go see your doctor if something is not feeling right and separate work time from personal time so each gets the full attention it deserves.
Our professional lives had little overlap, but how the Rays and Astros were doing was always a part of calls during the season. I have no plans to stop writing about baseball because dad was very proud I did that and loved to direct his friends and colleagues to pieces I published online and I plan to continuing that to honor him. It just may be a little bit before my next post goes up.
You wouldn't expect to find one of the longest linear parks in the world if you're visiting Princeton, NJ. The city is known for the world famous people such as Albert Einstein, A Beautiful Mind's John Nash, as well as many academics from the prominent Princeton University. But just a short walk to Carnegie Lake where Princeton Crew practices, and you will discover recreationists kayaking, trail running, biking, fishing, and a host of resident animals along what is known as the Princeton Tow Path. Otherwise known as the Delaware and Raritan Canal, this old transport route composes almost 80 miles of trails with a slow water channel right down the center. It is the longest linear park in New Jersey, and an important part of a system that connects wilderness areas up and down the state.
At a time where steam locomotive was still not common, teams of men or mules pulled heavy cargo barges by rope over long distances. In this case, coal mined from Pennsylvania needed to get to New York but boats had to go around Cape May (or, if New Jersey looks like the bust of Abraham Lincoln to anyone else, under Honest Abe's chest). To avoid what amounted to almost doubling the distance as the crow flies, workers dug a canal straight across the land. No longer in use, the path was converted into a park, and consequently an important channel that connects parks up and down New Jersey. This makes the Tow Path a critical area that allows wild animals to continue to exist in the most densely populated state in the nation.
Two men, both armed, one a fugitive, the other a member of a posse, met on a steep trail on Alone Mountain on Vancouver Island.
It was about 4:30 p.m. on July 27, 1918. A gunshot broke the still of the isolated forest. In an instant, one man became a killer, the other a martyr. The survivor was the only witness.
The man who did not walk from those woods, whose body was hauled out on a makeshift canvas sling after two undertakers refused a police request to bury him on the spot, was a labour organizer and conscription evader. To this day, almost 87 years after his death, the name Albert (Ginger) Goodwin evokes strong passions.
Story continues below advertisement
The Yorkshire immigrant has been made immortal by song and mural, has had his name grace a magazine, a mountain and a highway.
On Saturday, a gravesite remembrance with speeches and a wreath laying will be held as a highlight of the 20th annual Miners' Memorial Day in Cumberland. The day commemorates those killed in industrial accidents.
Not all consider Mr. Goodwin's fate to be that of martyr. Shortly after coming to office in 2001, the B.C. Liberal government removed his name from a stretch of the Inland Island Highway. A spokesman said at the time it wasn't government policy to have stretches of highway named after individuals.
The Goodwin name lingers because so much mystery surrounded - and still surrounds - his death.
Was the killing a case of self-defence, or murder? Or was Ginger somehow responsible for his own end?
Roger Stonebanks, a reporter, spent nearly 20 years of his spare time researching the details of Mr. Goodwin's life. A definitive biography, Fighting for Dignity, published last year by the Canadian Committee on Labour History, successfully distills cold, hard facts from the romanticism of myth.
"He's alone on a trail," Mr. Stonebanks recounted. "A policeman is alone and on the same trail. They're both carrying rifles. What is not clear is if they were approaching each other, or one was catching up to the other.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
"Whatever happened," he added, "happened very quickly."
After all these years, many of the unanswered questions surrounding the death remain unanswerable.
Whatever the circumstance, a single death amid the carnage of the First World War and the Spanish flu epidemic remains a symbol of British Columbia's long and still-smouldering conflict between labour and capital.
In death, Mr. Goodwin achieved a notoriety greater even than that held in his lifetime.
"People would call him radical, militant," Mr. Stonebanks said. "I think he was. But he was a peaceful person. He advocated change through peaceful means, through Parliament and elections.
"He was never arrested for anything."
Story continues below advertisement
He would have been, however, had he not been shot to death.
The events that would end on a mountain trail began the previous year. Mr. Goodwin was a strikingly thin man with rotten teeth, who many thought of as sickly, even though he played soccer on local teams. When examined to determine his status for conscription, three doctors rated him Category D, meaning he was temporarily unfit but subject to later re-examination.
Just 11 days after Mr. Goodwin led smelter workers in the Kootenays on a strike for an eight-hour day, he was ordered to report for another examination. Already-suspicious labour supporters were not surprised when he was reclassified as being fit for service.
After losing appeals and being ordered to report to duty in Victoria, Mr. Goodwin joined other draft dodgers hiding in the hills near the coal-mining town of Cumberland.
Some locals ensured the men in the bush were supplied with food. Sometimes, the draft dodgers broke into local hunting cabins for provisions. One of those cabins was owned by Scabby Anderson, who won his nickname for crossing a picket line.
Mr. Anderson joined a posse including a renowned cougar hunter in tracking down draft dodgers in dense bush. Joining them was Dan Campbell, a 46-year-old disgraced former policeman who had lost a posting in Esquimalt after a shakedown was exposed. Armed with a deer rifle, Mr. Campbell was acting as a special constable of the Dominion Police when he encountered Mr. Goodwin, who carried a .22-calibre automatic rifle.
Story continues below advertisement
A single shot tore through Mr. Goodwin's neck, severing his spinal cord. He fell face first to the forest floor, dead at 31.
His body was eventually taken to 2725 Penrith Ave., a Cumberland home where he had boarded before taking to the woods. From there, his coffin was escorted through the streets to be buried in the cemetery where mourners will gather again on Saturday.
Finding the address of the home in which the labour leader lay in state was one of many impressive bits of shoe-leather sleuthing by Mr. Stonebanks. Having tracked down an elderly witness to the funeral procession who was unable to return to Cumberland, he instead brought Cumberland to her. She selected the correct address after being shown photographs of every house on the street.
The reporter's untiring research also corrected many errors in Mr. Goodwin's scant official record. He was born at 113 Well Lane (not Bole Hill) in the Yorkshire mining village of Treeton (not Barnsley) on May 10, 1887 (not 1877). He was buried on Aug. 2, 1918 (not April 2). Even the gravestone that is a feature of the Miners' Memorial Day events misses the date of death by a day.
The story has been made mythic by the imaginations of such songwriters as Bill Gallaher ( Ballad of Ginger Goodwin), Wyckham Porteous ( Cumberland Waltz, an achingly beautiful song), and Aengus Finnan ( Marching Ginger Goodwin). Even punk rocker Joe Keithley has written what must be the genre's only ode to a Great War draft dodger.
In the end, a grand jury dismissed the case against Mr. Campbell even though police and two justices of the peace felt evidence warranted proceeding with a manslaughter charge. He lived to be 80.
Story continues below advertisement
At the Cumberland Museum, which boasts Mr. Goodwin's fishing rod and two reels, a display includes a highway sign reading: Ginger Goodwin Way.
William "Duff" Armstrong (1833–1899) was an American Union soldier and the defendant in an 1858 murder prosecution in which he was defended by Abraham Lincoln, two years before he was elected President of the United States. The case would later be portrayed in the 1939 film Young Mr. Lincoln.
Early life [ edit ]
Armstrong was born to Jack and Hannah Armstrong. Jack died in 1857. Abraham Lincoln was a friend of the Armstrongs and regularly visited and would cradle baby William.[1]
Murder trial [ edit ]
Armstrong was charged with the August 29, 1857, murder of James Preston Metzker in Mason County, Illinois. His father, Jack Armstrong, had been a friend of Lincoln while he was studying law in New Salem, Illinois. When Lincoln heard of the murder charge, he wrote to Jack's widow, Hannah, and volunteered his legal services pro bono. The trial was moved to Cass County and held at the courthouse at Beardstown, Illinois.
“I have just heard of your deep affliction, and the arrest of your son for murder. I can hardly believe he can be capable of the crime alleged against him. It does not seem possible. I am anxious that he should be given a fair trial at any rate; and gratitude for your long-continued kindness to me in adverse circumstances prompts me to offer my humble services gratuitously in his behalf. It will afford me an opportunity to requite, in a small degree, the favors I received at your hand, and that of your lamented husband, when your roof afforded me a grateful shelter, without money and without price. Abraham Lincoln's letter to Hannah Armstrong, [2]
Witness Charles Allen testified that he saw Duff Armstrong strike Metzker with a slung shot. Under cross-examination, Lincoln pushed for further detail and Charles Allen testified that he was at a distance of 150 feet, but could clearly see the act by the light of the moon. Abraham Lincoln used judicial notice, then a very uncommon tactic, to show Allen lied on the stand when he claimed he had witnessed the crime in the moonlight. Lincoln produced an almanac to show that the moon on that date could not have produced enough light for the witness to see anything clearly. Based on this evidence, the jury acquitted Armstrong after only one ballot.[3]
Service in the Civil War [ edit ]
Armstrong went on to join the Union forces in the American Civil War. He became ill in 1863 and, at his mother's request, Lincoln arranged for Armstrong's discharge.[4]
Death and burial [ edit ]
Armstrong lived long after the war; his death was reported in The New York Times on May 14, 1899.[5]
William Duff Armstrong is buried in the New Hope Cemetery in Mason County, IL. A plaque is erected at his gravesite which reads, "WILLIAM DUFF ARMSTRONG accused slayer of Preston Metzker, May 7, 1858 freed by Lincoln in Almanac Trial".
Family [ edit ]
Robert Armstrong (1760–1834), married on June 22, 1787, Nancy Green Armstrong (1768–1856), daughter of George William Green (1725–1770) and Nancy Ann Justice (1730–1774). Prior to marrying Robert, Nancy had one son, Bowling Green (1786–1842), m. Nancy Potter Green (1793–1867). Bowling Green had eight children. Robert and Nancy Armstrong had several children: Rhoda Armstrong Clary (1794–1840), m. John Clary (1793–1860). They had nine children. Hugh Armstrong (1800–1839), m. Francis Graham Greene (1809–1881). They had five children. John Jack Armstrong (1803–1854), married Hannah Jones (1810–1890), daughter of John Jones (1776–1845) and Lydia Gum Jones (1777–1858). Hannah Jones Wilcox married in 1862 Samuel Wilcox (1812–1870). Hannah Jones Armstrong Wilcox had two brothers and one sister. Corporal Pleasant Carwin Armstrong (1829–1863), married on May 22, 1860, Martha E. Schults (1843–1882). Died in the Civil War. Hugh Armstrong (1861–1917), married Ida J. Wallace (1863–1962), daughter of William Wallace and Raye Warnock Wallace. Paul R. Armstrong (1893–1948) William Duff Armstrong (1833–1899), married on April 18, 1864, Martha E. Schults, the same as above. Hannah Armstrong Munsch (1865–1936), married Joseph Munsch (1860–1944). Robert Wayne Munsch (1895–1901) John Crittenden Armstrong (1868–1871) Robert W. Armstrong (1871–1920) Julia A. Armstrong (1876–1878) James A. Armstrong (1838–1879), married Margaret J. Ishmael (1844–1934) on October 15, 1863 Samuel D. Armstrong (1865–1912), married Polly Ann Armstrong (1866–1935) on October 4, 1885 Mary Blanche Armstrong (1877–1891) Robert Armstrong (1852–1906), married Martha Wilcox Armstrong (1856–1937), daughter of Samuel Wilcox (1812–1870) and Rachel M. Rogers (1831–1860) Sylvia Armstrong Smith (1874–1960) Elizabeth Betsy Armstrong Potter (1805–1886), m. Edward Bunn Potter (1795–1863). They had nine children. Nancy Armstrong McHenry (1809–1894), m. Henry McHenry (1802–1881). They had three children. Eliza W. Armstrong Pantier (1812–1848), m. David Marion Pantier (1808–1889). They had six children.
[6]
Beatles fan - about 12,000 of them - cheer the Fab Four at the Milwaukee Arena on Sept. 4, 1964. (Photo: Journal Sentinel files)
Editor's note: In 1964, the Beatles were something of a demarcation line between generations. Don't believe it? Read the letters sent to Ione Quinby Griggs by girls frustrated with their parents' opposition to the Fab Four — including some whose parents forbade them from seeing the group at its first (and as it turned out, only) show in Milwaukee, Sept. 4, 1964, at the Milwaukee Arena. A longer version of this column was first published June 9, 1964, two days after the Beatles' main British Invasion rival, the Dave Clark Five, played a disastrous show at George Devine's Million Dollar Ballroom, where 11,000 people were packed into a venue with room for 2,500.
RELATED: Milwaukee's first rock 'n' roll riot — and it was for the Dave Clark Five
Numerous Beatles fans have written me asking to "sound off" about their troubles. There are too many to answer all in the column, but I will answer a few and hope this will help those whose letters cannot be published. Here are some of the letters:
Mrs. Griggs: I am one of the unfortunate girls who was told I couldn't see either the Beatles or the Dave Clark Five. When I asked my mother to see the Beatles this fall, she said, "There are going to be riots so you can't go!" …
I wanted to go to that Dave Clark party. Now all of my wishes are centered on the Beatles show. You may say my mother is like this because she wants to protect me. I wish for once she'd forget that I am her "little girl" and put herself in my place. Surely she must have wanted to see something "more than anything in the world."
— A Fan Without a Ticket
A Fan Without a Ticket: It isn't possible to buy a ticket for the Beatles' fall appearance now, so you will have to content yourself with listening to their records. … Believe me when I tell you there will be other thrills as time goes on which will give you satisfaction. You have many wonderful chapters of life ahead of you. Don't let one or two disappointments frustrate you.
— I.Q.G.
Mrs. Griggs: We are six seventh-grade girls who want to sound off about the way our parents and others are treating the Beatles. Our parents think we are mentally (challenged) because we like the Beatles. Some object to the way girls carry on about them. If that's their objection, why do they insult the Beatles instead of the girls? Our parents, after seeing them on television, have come to conclusions like these: "John sings like he has marbles in his mouth and sounds like a hysterical woman." "George has a board up his back" because he stands so straight. "Ringo is pitiful because he is homely." "Paul has a big mouth!"
We realize some of these things are said for fun, but they sound sarcastic. … Our mothers say the Beatles are "too wild." We wonder if they ever viewed Leonard Bernstein conducting.
The worst is their comments about "Beatle haircuts." They call them "feminine." If girls wear theirs the same, they tag them "boyish," What's wrong with a lot of hair, anyway? … We love our parents, but we also love the Beatles!
NEWSLETTERS Get the Dish newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Food and dining news, reviews, recipes and more delivered weekly. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-844-900-7103. Delivery: Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Dish Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
— Six Girls
Six Girls: I'm a little enthused about the Beatles myself. I think they should be a pleasant "memory" for more subdued times when serious projects occupy most of a person's program. Some years from now, the Beatles fans will have their share of adult worries and responsibilities, so I hope they can enjoy nonsensical fun now. A lot of the old Sinatra and Rudy Vallée fans have settled down, and most of them are stable citizens today.
— I.Q.G.
Mrs. Griggs: My girlfriend and I would like to add our pleas to the Beatles fans who want to enjoy the concert next fall. We have purchased $4.50 tickets. We would like to say, "Please don't throw jelly beans at the Beatles or anything else!" As George once said, "If you must throw something, throw kisses!" Let's have the Beatles remember Milwaukee for its considerate teens. Let's get with it!
— A Second "George and Paul"
A Second "George and Paul": I hope my readers will remember, as this will be the last reminder in the column …
— I.Q.G.
Milwaukee Journal Green Sheet advice columnist Ione Quinby Griggs is shown in a 1970 photo. (Photo: Milwaukee Journal)
About this feature
Each Thursday, the Green Sheet brings back some of the stories and features that gave the old Green Sheet its distinct identity, including Ione Quinby Griggs' long-running advice column. Look for them in print and online at jsonline.com/green-sheet.
Green Sheet memories
As we mark the second anniversary of the return of the Green Sheet to the pages of the Journal Sentinel — it first arrived in this space on May 25, 2015 — we could use your help with our weekly Throwback Thursday feature. Which features from the first Green Sheet do you want to rediscover or learn more about? Let us know at cforan@journalsentinel.com or by writing to: Chris Foran, Green Sheet Ideas, Milwaukee Journal Sentinel, 333 W. State St., Milwaukee, WI 53203.
Read or Share this story: http://jsonl.in/2s7mB42
Mascherano: We never imagined Tito would be back so soon
The Barcelona midfielder has been shocked by his coach's rapid recovery since undergoing surgery for cancer a month ago, and is expecting a tough match against Espanyol
The coach underwent surgery to remove a cancerous tumour in December, leaving team affairs in the hands of assistant Jordi Roura, but has been taking training recently.
"After everything that we have experienced, the week before the game against Valladolid we did not think that Tito could be back with us so soon," he said at an open training event for club members.
"Sharing the only open training session of the year is a special day for the club and for us, and that so many people attended is great. We are not used to it and it makes it a special day."
The 28-year-old went on to speak about his side's next fixture, a subject which he recently touched upon in an interview with the media.
"It's going to be a very difficult game, they're a rival who need points and have improved after a change of coach."
The Blaugrana currently sit top of the La Liga table after amassing 49 points in their 17 fixtures so far this season. Barcelona midfielder Javier Mascherano says he and his team-mates had never imagined that coach Tito Vilanova would be back with them so soon.The coach underwent surgery to remove a cancerous tumour in December, leaving team affairs in the hands of assistant Jordi Roura, but has been taking training recently."After everything that we have experienced, the week before the game against Valladolid we did not think that Tito could be back with us so soon," he said at an open training event for club members."Sharing the only open training session of the year is a special day for the club and for us, and that so many people attended is great. We are not used to it and it makes it a special day."The 28-year-old went on to speak about his side's next fixture, a subject which he recently touched upon in an interview with the media."It's going to be a very difficult game, they're a rival who need points and have improved after a change of coach."The Blaugrana currently sit top of the La Liga table after amassing 49 points in their 17 fixtures so far this season.
Anti-abortion activists held a rally next door to a Planned Parenthood in Jacksonville on Tuesday as part of a national movement to defund the health centers.
The Women Betrayed movement started in response to a video posted by the conservative group Center for Medical Progress.
More than 200 anti-abortion activists met in the parking lot of a Mandarin Woody's Bar-B-Q, lining the sidewalks next to the only Planned Parenthood in Northeast Florida.
Similar rallies are happening at Planned Parenthoods across the country in reaction to a recently released video that purports to show a senior Planned Parenthood director discussing the sale of aborted fetus tissue. Anti-abortion activists say Planned Parenthood is illegally profiting from abortions.
Sen. Aaron Bean (R-Fernandina Beach) joined the rally. He says the video is appalling and thanked anti-abortion activists for their work.
“Are we going to sit by as evil continues business as usual?” Bean asked the crowd.
‘No!” they responded.
“That's the right answer,” Bean said.
Meanwhile, it was business as usual next door at Planned Parenthood. Florida Planned Parenthood Executive Director Laura Goodhue says this sort of treatment is nothing new.
“We've seen these types of political attacks before,” she said, “but we'll continue fighting because this is a very important issue that women have full access to a full range of reproductive health care. We'll be there for our patients no matter what.”
Planned Parenthood denies the organization is profiting from sale of tissue donations. The nonprofit says the Center for Medical Progress' video is heavily edited to mislead viewers.
Around noon, the grand jury indictment against Paxton was unsealed, revealing that two first-degree fraud charges were based on Paxton's efforts in July 2011 — when he was a member of the Texas House — to sell stock on behalf of Servergy Inc., a McKinney-based tech company.
Attorney General Ken Paxton's mugshot, from the Collin County Jail.
According to the indictment, Paxton failed to tell stock buyers — including state Rep. Byron Cook, R-Corsicana, and Florida businessman Joel Hochberg, who were listed as complainants on the fraud charges — that he had been compensated with 100,000 shares of Servergy stock. Paxton also said he was an investor in Servergy when he was not, the charges indicated.
Paxton encouraged investors, including Texas House members, to put more than $600,000 into Servergy, special prosecutor Kent Schaffer told the New York Times last week.
First-degree felonies can be punished by up to life in prison.
read more at Statesman
New Seattle Seahawks defensive end Michael Bennett has a torn rotator cuff, but he does not plan to undergo surgery to repair the injury according to general manager John Schneider via Dave Mahler. Schneider said surgery may be an option down the line, but "not in near future."
Last season with the Buccaneers, Bennett managed nine sacks and 41 tackles despite playing with the torn rotator cuff all season, so he is clearly capable of performing at a high level with the injury. The Seahawks signed Bennett to a one-year, $5 million contract this offseason. At 27 and coming off his best season, the one-year deal seemed like a curious choice, but Bennett's injury helps explain the contract.
Bennett joins Cliff Avril, Bruce Irvin, and Chris Clemons as the Seattle defensive ends. With so much firepower at one position, it could explain why Seattle was willing to take a risk on Bennett and see how he performs without any surgery. Clemons will likely miss some time to start the season with a torn ACL, so Bennett is of the most value to Seattle over those first few games. If he plays like he did last year, he could play out the season, but if he struggles, midseason surgery is always a possibility.
More from SB Nation:
• NFL mock draft: Finally, some clarity
• After talks stall, will the Raiders cut Carson Palmer?
• Ronde Barber will play for Bucs or no one
• Report: Gay NFL player considers coming out
• This is how Percy Harvin will help the Seahawks
• NFL Mock Draft: SB Nation bloggers are on the clock
This is a First Martians board game free companion app. You need it to play the game. It features hundreds of events and adventures for great replayability. Through text and sound, the app tells you the story of first Martians and challenges you with tasks and obstacles. Immerse yourself in the presented world.
Built on the core of the award-winning Robinson Crusoe: Adventure on the cursed island, First Martians: Adventures on the red planet pits players against the hostile Martian environment and a whole host of new adventures and challenges. The immersion experience is further enhanced with an integrated app that maintains the balance and challenge throughout . Players have the option of taking on the design as a series of separate games, in custom campaign mode in which each successive game builds on the last, or even an open world mode in which they are free to roam about the Martian surface and explore for as long as they can survive.
WARNING: In order not to spoil your experience, do not explore the app if you do not intend to actually play the game.
The brand new, silver 2011 Volkswagen Golf was the perfect vehicle for David Kahane, who didn't really want to own or drive one at all.
As the Edmonton-based project director for Alberta Climate Dialogue, he sought out a vehicle that he could defend.
“I wanted to be as environmentally responsible as I could be while still driving a car,” said Kahane, 53. “Volkswagen seemed to have cracked the problem of diesel being a high-emitting fuel. But it turns out that for several years I had in fact been emitting 40 times the amount of diesel-related pollutants allowed.
“I had been made an idiot.”
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency on Friday alleged Volkswagen sold 11 million diesel vehicles that were equipped with so-called “defeat devices” to evade emissions control standards the world over. Kahane's 2011 Golf was among them; so, too, the 2009-2015 Jetta, 2009-2015 Beetle, the 2014-2015 Passat and the 2009-2015 Audi A3.
The EPA said Volkswagen officials have admitted installing the devices. On Monday, Volkswagen AG CEO Martin Winterkorn apologized for his company's actions and ordered an internal probe. He resigned Wednesday, saying, “Above all, I am stunned that misconduct on such a scale was possible in the Volkswagen Group.”
It is a monumental scandal that has already decimated Volkswagen's share price and brand. It will target their bottom line next. On Tuesday, Edmonton lawyer Rick Mallett, with James H. Brown & Associates, launched a $1-billion class-action lawsuit against Volkswagen Canada in Court of Queen's Bench on behalf of all current owners and lessees of the affected vehicles in Canada.
The suit alleges Volkswagen Canada was negligent, committed fraud, deceit and breached duties of care to the plaintiff and class. It claims $1 billion in damages for diminished value of the affected vehicles; mental distress, humiliation and frustration; rental and other expenses incurred during attempted repairs; reduced vehicle performance and operation; out-of-pocket expenses; refund of the premium paid for affected vehicles; punitive damages and costs.
The statement of claim and the EPA alleges that Volkswagen installed “illegal and sophisticated software” in the vehicles that turned on the emissions controls only during official testing and suppressed the controls at all other times, allowing for the emission of nitrogen oxides and other pollutants at levels up to 40 times the allowable standard in Canada and the United States.
The EPA said the devices were installed on 482,000 cars in the U.S. Mallett said he is combing through sales figures to determine how many affected vehicles were sold or leased in Canada.
“It's going to be hundreds of thousands,” he said.
Volkswagen Canada said more than 100,000 of the affected models were sold in Canada.
“It's a really interesting case,” said Mallett. “There are a lot of angry and upset people. They thought they bought a great car, one that's good for the environment, and it turns out that's not the case.”
He is aware of one other lawsuit in Ontario, and expects more actions to be filed.
Kahane, who is also a political science professor at the University of Alberta, has not yet joined a class-action suit, but said he will avail himself of legal recourse. While he would prefer to be refunded the full purchase price of his Golf, he expects Volkswagen to instead offer a fix that may well decrease the fuel-efficiency of the vehicle.
“It will be a more-polluting car that works less well and is exactly the kind of car I set out not to drive,” said Kahane. “I don't think I can afford to send this one to the scrap heap and buy a genuinely low-emissions car. I feel totally trapped, screwed over and betrayed.”
dbarnes@edmontonjournal.com
twitter.com/jrnlbarnes
The Chinese New Year is almost upon us, and perhaps its animal for 2017 is timely in our current political climate. According to astrologers, the Rooster is cocky, opinionated and attention seeking – sound familiar?
China, one of the powerhouse economies of the world, is entering an uncertain New Year now that Donald Trump rules the roost in Washington. For years it has been tipped to take over America as the biggest global economy. But now its fortunes (and indeed ours) hinge on whether President Trump's hard-line protectionist agenda will ruffle feathers and ultimately lead to a trade war.
The omens might not look terrific (to use one of the Donald's favourite words). In just one week, he has accused China of currency manipulation, threatened steep import tariffs on Chinese goods and even indicated that the US will recommence official relations with Taiwan, despite objections from China.
Jason Hollands from investment firm Tilney Bestinvest says a Sino-American trade war would be ‘highly damaging' for the entire global economy, but with China really losing out given its trade surplus. ‘While the era of Trump could lead to a wide range of potential outcomes for the US, from supercharged growth to spiralling inflation and indebtedness, it is particularly difficult to see it as bullish for China.' This could be why Asian funds saw outflows of £147 million in November, according to the latest stats from the Investment Association.
So why do so many fund managers remain (surprisingly) upbeat about China? Take Dale Nicholls, portfolio manager of the Fidelity China Special Situations investment trust, who says: ‘When I speak to companies in China, Trump is not a major talking point, partly due to the lack of real clarity around policy but also because the companies continue to focus on the significant domestic market opportunities ahead of them.'
Then there's Will Hobbs and Chris Stevenson of Barclays Investment, who say China still ticks all the boxes when it comes to emerging markets with credible macroeconomic policies, structural growth, decent governance and liquid, diversified markets.
Many believe China has the fiscal tools in place to manage any future instability, though there is speculation that Beijing could ape Trumponomics and boost infrastructure spending to maintain growth. Some even believe a trade war could lead to long-overdue changes that will ultimately benefit China.
Nicholas Yeo, a manager on the Aberdeen New Dawn and Aberdeen Asian Smaller Companies investment trusts, says: ‘In the long term, it would compel policymakers to accelerate structural reform of outmoded state-owned sectors.' The country's notoriously sluggish state-owned enterprises are already undergoing a gradual reform to let market forces play a bigger role. ‘It's all part and parcel of China's boom-bust transition from an insulated and impoverished nation of farmers to a liberalised and prosperous global powerhouse.'
Fund managers also point to an increasingly wealthy population with bags of discretionary spending – just think of the Chinese demand for our own luxury brands, like Burberry, in recent years. This is why commentators are talking about a ‘new' China, powered by consumerist appetites that can't be easily restricted by the Government.
Ed Smith, asset allocation strategist at Rathbones, believes China is far less vulnerable to American protectionism than other emerging markets. ‘China is not without its problems, such as a rapid accumulation of debt and an acute drop in productivity growth. But we believe that there are reasons to be more optimistic on the country's prospects this year than many out there envisage.' Rathbones own ‘nowcast' of Chinese growth suggests that the country's much-trumpeted downturn reached its nadir towards the end of 2015.
Indeed, the Chinese economy continues to defy its many doubters. Much like the UK, predictions of a collapse in the Chinese housing market have yet to be (substantially) realised. High levels of debt continue to cause alarm but while it continues to be funded by domestic savings, even China's most bearish critics say a potential crisis should be kept at bay for some years to come (if it even happens).
But still, rooster politicians like Trump should provide investors with a wake-up call. When it comes to your investment portfolio, always look at the long-term – and never put all your eggs in one basket.
Iona Bain is a financial journalist and founder of youngmoneyblog.co.uk
Associated Press NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell (left) asked for a dismissal of Saints LB Jonathan Vilma's defamation lawsuit.
NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell filed a motion Thursday to dismiss New Orleans Saints linebacker Jonathan Vilma's defamation lawsuit against him in Louisiana District Court.
The legal maneuver by Goodell and the NFL is standard procedure for a defendant in a case like this one. Thursday marked the commissioner's deadline to file an answer brief to the initial complaint from Vilma, who received a season-long suspension after the NFL's investigation into the Saints' "bounty" program.
Goodell's reply claimed that Vilma's claims were all "relating to and emanating from Commissioner Goodell's imposition of discipline for conduct detrimental to the integrity of, or public confidence in, the game of professional football," according to the court document. That refers to the power Goodell wields over the appeals process in cases under the NFL's personal-conduct policy, under which "conduct detrimental" falls.
The reply brief thus contended that Vilma's claims "represent an improper attempt to circumvent the mandatory and binding dispute resolution procedures required by the NFL CBA." Goodell's reply included 715 pages of exhibits, though 317 of those pages were the CBA itself, and another 237 were excerpted pieces from its constitution and bylaws.
Goodell also filed a request for oral argument in connection with his motion to dismiss, and an Aug. 1 hearing was set for that motion in the Eastern District Court of Louisiana before Judge Helen Berringer.
Vilma's lawyer, Peter Ginsberg, said in an email following Goodell's filing: "We look forward to the time when the legal maneuverings end and we can finally address the merits of the Commissioner's public -- and erroneous -- accusations against Jonathan.
"As Williams Gladstone, the British scholar, said, 'Justice delayed is justice denied.' Jonathan deserves justice and the commissioner should answer for what he has done to Jonathan. Simply because the commissioner's attorneys can file motions, and delay the defamation claims from proceeding at the moment, does not mean it is the proper way to proceed. Jonathan, the NFL, its fans, and all of its players, deserve a transparent and open airing of this serious situation."
Vilma also amended his initial complaint to the district court Thursday, asking for a temporary restraining order hearing. A temporary restraining order would keep Vilma's suspension from starting, pending a preliminary injunction hearing.
Following Goodell's filings this morning, Vilma said on his Twitter account: "And we're off ..."
Follow Albert Breer on Twitter @AlbertBreer
As I waded into the cold, muddy bayou in Leeville, I knew I was in the right place. But nothing looked the same. In this very location, just south of the old Bayou Lafourche Bridge just 13 years before, I had photographed a graveyard being overtaken by soil subsidence and erosion. Now, wading into the deep, there was no sign of it. To make matters worse, the locals I talked with couldn't remember a graveyard in that area at all.
I lined up the visual landmarks I could decipher from the photo I took in 1995 and continued searching for most of that cold, December afternoon. The water was well over my knees.
Then, without warning, I tripped on an underwater obstruction. I caught myself before falling on the sharp edges of worn brick. As a shrimp boat passed, the trough of the wave revealed the top of a headstone and confirmed my discovery. The entire cemetery was still there, but swallowed completely beneath the waves.
This wasn't my first encounter with the environmental degradation of the south Louisiana landscape, but it was a stark confirmation of my desire to pursue photographic documentation of the horrific disappearance of this precious coastline.
The Louisiana wetlands are home to one of the most prolific estuaries in the world - one of our nation's most prized resources. But their rapid disappearance is a startling harbinger in our fight against rising sea levels and a changing climate.
Since the early 80's, I've heard countless tales from old timers pointing at open swaths of water with wistful memories of once verdant farmlands and rabbit hunts. I've worked with my camera to tell their story for over 30 years, but it is shocking to know that I can now see the dramatic changes for myself.
The Louisiana environment is an unfolding story of soil subsidence, ruined livelihoods, hurricanes, oil spills, pollution, lost heritage, floods, fisheries degradation and inconsequential handwringing. It's a story of dread and decades of inaction. It's a story of loss.
Manmade or not, the environmental damage is real. It's inconceivable that man is capable of destroying the earth. What is conceivable is that we are fully capable of ruining the environment so that earth cannot sustain human life, at which time the earth will simply move on without us.
So in the end, it's a story about people.
A quick look at the Internet's satellite imagery of south Louisiana reveals a landscape that bears little resemblance to our state's familiar shape. The dramatic shift strongly suggests that it could be too late to save it all. The great human migration north has begun as small communities retreat behind the great fortress of the New Orleans metro levees. Delacroix, Yscloskey and many other environmental vanguard communities are now merely collections of camps for fishing tourists. Few authentic coastal cultures have survived the onslaught. The Native American enclave of Isle de Jean Charles will be the next to fall.
I've always felt that photography's most powerful effect was to bear witness to truth. And truth laid bare can lead to positive change. The Louisiana environment desperately needs positive change.
Can T.J. Dillashaw become the first fighter to hold two UFC titles at the same time?
The UFC bantamweight champion, who is expected to put his title on the line against former titleholder Dominick Cruz in 2015, told Team Alpha Male Radio he wants a shot at UFC featherweight kingpin Jose Aldo.
"I wanna fight Aldo so bad, dude," Dillashaw said. "I will beat Aldo. I wanna fight him.
"I respect him, he's an awesome fighter."
Aldo, 3-0 against Team Alpha Male fighters, recently defended his title against Dillashaw's teammate Chad Mendes at UFC 179 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Dillashaw vs. Aldo won't happen anytime soon, so the bantamweight champion expects Cub Swanson to get the next shot at the 145-pound title after his upcoming bout with Frankie Edgar at UFC Fight Night 57 on Nov. 22.
"I hope Cub Swanson wins," Dillashaw said. "I like Frankie Edgar as a fighter, but Cub Swanson is a super cool dude and his stand-up gotten so much better. We have already seen Frankie Edgar fight Aldo, it wasn't even close. He got beat by Aldo. I wanna watch Cub Swanson against Aldo. I think he should be the next one to fight him if he beats Edgar."
Aldo holds wins over both Swanson and Edgar, an eight-second knockout in 2009 and a unanimous decision in 2013, respectively.
"I know, but Swanson has gotten so much better. And Aldo is not that fighter anymore," Dillashaw said. "Aldo is not that aggressive fighter anymore. He's different. He'll let you in the fight a little bit."
The 2014-15 Indiana University men's basketball team will pack their bags and head north for a five-game in six-days journey to Canada to face some of the top collegiate teams in the Montreal area.
IU will leave Thursday and will open play against Laval University on Friday night at 7 p.m. at Brebeuf College.
"Our motors are high, our fundamentals are improving, our speed is impressive and our staff is strong," said IU Coach Tom Crean on his Twitter account prior to today's final practice.
Indiana is eligible to bring returning players from last year's team and each of the five freshmen recruits, two transfers and another freshman walkon also will be able to play on the trip.
"This will be the youngest team I've ever taken on a foreign trip and I cannot wait," added Crean.
The Hoosiers will also play utilizing international rules which will include four quarters, a 24-second clock and a 22-foot three-point line.
FIBA vs. NCAA Rules
Carleton has won 10 of the last 12 CIS championships and beat Wisconsin last summer and took Syracuse to overtime. Ottawa was the top seeded team in last year's CIS Championship and fell to Carleton in last year's national final. They defeated TCU, 90-74 in an exhibition last summer.
"This trip will give us a chance to do a lot of things in a short period of time and I think that is really good," said Crean.
Game Schedule
Game 1: August 8, IU vs. Laval University at Brebeuf College, 7 p.m. Click here for in-game updates
Game 2: August 10, IU vs. Ottawa University, at Champlain St. Lambert College, 3 p.m. Click here for in-game updates
Email for Ticket info: mbasketball@champlaincollege.qc
Game 3: August 11, IU at Carleton University, 6 p.m. Click here for in-game updates
Email for Ticket info: tickets@carleton.ca
Game 4: August 12, IU at McGill, 7 p.m. Click here for in-game updates
Game 5: August 13, IU at University of Quebec at Montreal, 1 p.m. Click here for in-game updates
Email for Ticket info: sports@uqam.ca
Other American teams expected to be involved in a similar tour are Memphis, Vermont and Illinois-Chicago.
Crean elaborated on his decision why Montreal was a preferred destination.
"Distance and they still get some quality summer time," noted Crean. "They will still have some time when they get back before school. I think the key is that you get really good competition and we feel like the challenge is going to be pretty substantial for us."
More Tom Crean
"As a team, this trip is about respect. It's about building. Your chemistry is only as good as your ability to affect it when it's not going right for you. For us to have great chemistry, we can't have frontrunners. I'm really anxious to see who is real up when we are playing well and who gets real down when we are not playing well. And then you've got to have guys that can impact the game on both ends of the floor."
"I'm looking forward to all that and seeing where that's at. Now what we'll learn from it, I don't know. But we're going to go through some tough days. We're not going over there and winning all the games. No one is walking over there and saying, we have to go 5-0 for it to be a successful trip."
"We have to get better every day and learn how to have that chemistry and learn how to have that traction that comes from the chemistry. We will play some very good teams, each with different tendencies and strengths. Most know the success of Carleton because they beat Wisconsin last year and took Syracuse to overtime and Ottawa is coming off an outstanding year. Bo Ryan gave the advice: Do not open with Carleton because of how good they are. Took that advice. Listen to Bo any time, you know, so took that advice. We changed it. We play them the third game. Regardless of who we play it will be a big game and I would expect us to get everyone's best shot."
"This trip will give us a chance to do a lot of things in a short period of time and I think that is really good."
International Play
This is the first foreign trip since Labor Day 2007 when the Hoosiers played three games in the Bahamas.
As a member of Team USA at the 2013 World University Games Kevin Yogi Ferrell averaged 10.3 points and three rebounds per game. He also dished out a total of 35 assists to just 13 turnovers in eight games.
Save 50% off Guild Wars 2: Path of Fire and the Collection - ends January 14!
Boost one of your characters to level 80 and explore the Living World of Tyria! The boost is delivered in a permanent account-wide bag slot, and we'll equip your character with a hoard full of goods—including gear, gold, and more—to give you a head start in the fight to save Tyria.
A game serial code for account creation or upgrade for the Guild Wars 2: Path of Fire expansion. Get immediate access to the core Guild Wars 2 game upon redemption of a Guild Wars 2: Path of Fire serial code and play today.
Rub elbows with Amnoon's elite with an exclusive pass to a luxury riverboat casino notorious for serving both the nobility and criminal underground. This decadent den of iniquity offers convenience and comfort to those in the know, with access to vendors, banking, the Black Lion Trading Company, and more.
An heirloom passed down by Elona's greatest heroes. This item will unlock the Sunspear Outfit for use by every character on your account.
Use this kit to give your character a brand-new look and name to go with it. This kit includes one Total Makeover Kit and one Name Change Contract.
An additional character slot to use with your game account.
Boost one of your characters to level 80 and explore the Living World of Tyria! The boost is delivered in a permanent account-wide bag slot, and we'll equip your character with a hoard full of goods—including gear, gold, and more—to give you a head start in the fight to save Tyria.
A game serial code for account creation or upgrade for the Guild Wars 2: Path of Fire expansion. Get immediate access to the core Guild Wars 2 game upon redemption of a Guild Wars 2: Path of Fire serial code and play today.
The ultimate in-game gift card. Treat yourself to a new in-game outfit, item, or upgrade in the Gem Store, or convert your gems directly into gold—a $50 value. Gem delivery may take up to 72 hours after purchase.
Rub elbows with Amnoon's elite with an exclusive pass to a luxury riverboat casino notorious for serving both the nobility and criminal underground. This decadent den of iniquity offers convenience and comfort to those in the know, with access to vendors, banking, the Black Lion Trading Company, and more.
An heirloom passed down by Elona's greatest heroes. This item will unlock the Sunspear Outfit for use by every character on your account.
Use this kit to give your character a brand-new look and name to go with it. This kit includes one Total Makeover Kit and one Name Change Contract.
An additional character slot to use with your game account.
Boost one of your characters to level 80 and explore the Living World of Tyria! The boost is delivered in a permanent account-wide bag slot, and we'll equip your character with a hoard full of goods—including gear, gold, and more—to give you a head start in the fight to save Tyria.
A game serial code for account creation or upgrade for the Guild Wars 2: Path of Fire expansion. Get immediate access to the core Guild Wars 2 game upon redemption of a Guild Wars 2: Path of Fire serial code and play today.
All in-game items will be delivered upon redemption of a Guild Wars 2: Path of Fire serial code.
Gem delivery may take up to 72 hours after purchase.
Looking for Heart of Thorns? You can add it during checkout, and purchase both expansions together.
If you've been following our “March Magic Challenge,” you know final four voting begins this weekend. And even if your favorite team is out of the running for the title of ultimate Disney Parks attraction, you can still show your Disney Side and enter for a chance to win a pack of 16 shirts featuring teams inspired by Walt Disney World Resort or Disneyland Resort attractions.
Beginning today, April 3, 2015 through 2 p.m. on April 6, 2015, you have the opportunity to win a pack of 16 “March Magic Challenge” T-shirts. There will be two winners: One winner will receive T-shirts featuring the 16 Disneyland Resort attraction teams and the other winner will receive T-shirts featuring the 16 Walt Disney World Resort attraction teams.
To enter for a chance to win one pack of 16 “March Magic Challenge” T-shirts inspired by attractions at the Disneyland Resort or Walt Disney World Resort, email us a “March Magic Challenge” message of no more than 50 characters in length (which could be a simple “Hi” or “Celebrating March Magic” message) to WDWSweepstakes@gmail.com and include your full name and mailing address in the email.
Once the potential winners are determined on April 7, 2015, we'll send notifications via email. See the sweepstakes rules and eligibility requirements here.
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. Void where prohibited. Open only to persons, who are 18 years of age or older at the time of entry and are legal residents of, and physically located within the 50 United States and D.C. Sweepstakes starts 11:00 AM (ET) on 4/3/15 and ends 2:00 PM (ET) on 4/6/15. See Official Rules for details.
A contentious Liberal bill that would give U.S. border agents authority to conduct extreme pre-screening of people and goods going from Canada into the U.S. won overwhelming support in one of its final tests in the Senate today.
A combination of Independent and Conservative senators overwhelmingly rejected amendments centring on the constitutional rights of Canadian citizens in a decisive 59-16 vote Thursday.
The proposed amendments from Liberal Senator Serge Joyal were centred on objections to the legislation from multiple human rights and civil liberties advocates who opposed the sweeping powers that would be given to U.S. border agents to frisk, screen and question travellers before they leave Canadian territory.
As part of reciprocal arrangements inside the U.S., Canadian border agents would be allowed to do the same kind of clearance screening south of the border, for travellers and cargo heading into Canada.
Although at least one other senator — newly appointed Independent Marilou McPhedran — also planned to table amendments, the sheer scope of Joyal's defeat indicates the bill could go through its final debate stage before Parliament adjourns for a winter recess next week.
But with evidence against the bill reaching a mountainous scale as it went through witness hearings at the Senate National Security and Defence Committee, nothing can likely be guaranteed.
The bill, introduced after the U.S. and Canada negotiated a new regime to replace the existing pre-clearance system, would allow armed U.S. custom guards to conduct metric screening and physical examinations — including excrement examination — should they suspect from questioning travellers that an attempt to smuggle something into the U.S. is taking place.
Committee witnesses warned of the effect U.S. President Donald Trump's posture toward aliens and incomers could have under the sweeping changes contained in the bill.
Joyal, in a brief speech prior to the vote on his amendments, cautioned that the U.S. scrutiny will be even more intense once Parliament passes a government bill, C-45, that would lead to the legalization of cannabis in Canada by July 1, 2018.
“I want just to alert you that when C-45 is adopted, believe me, the extreme vetting at the border that the present American government wants to perform, especially if you are a youngster, you know, with long hair, you know the look that I am thinking about, you're immediately suspected,” Joyal said.
“This is a very immediate, serious issue,” Joyal said.
“I'm not dreaming about this.”
“Let's make sure, honourable senators, that this bill is Charter proof and we're not finding ourselves in a nightmare the second of July, or the first July, when those youngsters will flock to customs,” Joyal warned.
Federal Privacy Commissioner Daniel Therrien told the committee a State Immunity Act Parliament passed in 1985 could lead to U.S customs officers conducting searches outside the reasonable belief requirements found in Canadian law.
Therrien recommended an amendment to prevent that, but the Senate committee speedily passed the bill through its final clause-by-clause stage this week with no amendments.
“In the absence of that amendment, the American officer can proceed to a search without any legal grounds whatsoever,” Therrien said.
Michael Greene, representing the immigration law section of the Canadian Bar Association, says that U.S. customs officers could act outside the restrictions of Canada's Charter of Rights because the actions of the officers would not be subject to Federal Court review in Canada.
“You have heard it said several times just in the last session that there are supposed rights, so the bill actually says that the Constitution of Canada — the Charter of Rights and Freedoms, Canadian law — applies,” Greene said.
“But the fact is there is absolutely no way of enforcing that; none whatsoever in there. There is no way for review,” Greene testified.
A board member of the Canadian Muslim Association said Trump's policies and executive orders regarding foreign nationals in the U.S, and immigration have created an atmosphere that would exacerbate the intensity of U.S. screening under the new pre-clearance regime.
“The population that our organization represents is going to be, undeniably, the most targeted by any changes on the pre-clearance areas,” said Pantea Jafari, representing the association at the same witness hearing.
“When President Trump says 'extreme vetting,' that is what is happening already. That is leading to mothers wanting to buy toys for their kids across the border being questioned to no end, for six or seven hours, and then being denied entry,” Jafari said.
During her Friday show on MSNBC, amid live coverage of French authorities killing multiple terror suspects following dual hostage standoffs, host Andrea Mitchell lamented the fact that President Obama's political agenda may be setback by the attacks in Paris. Talking to Maine Senator Angus King, she fretted: "Do you think that this terror incident will in any way slow down the President's intention to continue drawing down from Guantanamo and to eventually close that facility, if possible?"
The liberal-leaning independent replied: "You know, Guantanamo, I was down there about a month ago, and it is a recruiting tool for these people. There's no doubt about that."
In an earlier segment on the show, Mitchell raised the issue with Meet the Press moderator Chuck Todd: "...the Guantanamo closures and trying to send some of these detainees who have been on a list to go back to Yemen, trying to get Congress to lift the restrictions and get them out of there because of the President's commitment to try to close Guantanamo....the State Department official in charge of Guantanamo quitting in some frustration over the – how slow the progress is."
Todd promoted that the official in question, Cliff Sloan, would be "an exclusive guest this Sunday on Meet the Press."
He then noted objections to closing the prison:
But it goes – look, one of the three gunmen – one of the three gunman [in Paris] was radicalized in prison. Obviously that's always been one of the ways that some have pushed back on President Obama and the administration, saying, "Hey, don't release, these guys could be more radicalized than you realize." And the return to action, the return to the war is anywhere from 18 to 30% depending on the number you believe. They know for sure somewhere between 15 and 18%. And they are worried about another 10% of these released detainees do end up going back to the fight.
Here are excerpts of the two January 9 segments:
Click to subscribe via RSS feed or iTunes.
Fred Katz of the Norman Transcript joins for the Oklahoma City Thunder Season Outlook. We hit on how Paul George will fit into the Thunder lineup, what to expect from Russell Westbrook after his historic season last year, and the effect of Patrick Patterson's injury. We also hit on potential breakout and regression candidates, playing time and lineup issues, key questions for success this year, and give our predictions for the Thunder season. Then Dan Feldman of NBC Sports joins to give the same treatment to the Detroit Pistons, including whether Reggie Jackson and Andre Drummond can get back on track, how Avery Bradley will fit in, and how the losses of KCP and Marcus Morris will affect the Pistons this year.
With host Nate Duncan (@NateDuncanNBA). And if you like this pod and want additional bonus content, please subscribe to support Nate and Danny at Patreon.com/DuncanLeroux. Merchandise available at NateDuncanNBA.com.
LEGAsee Profile Joined January 2010 170 Posts Last Edited: 2012-04-29 08:07:21 #1
And for more clarification, please pick "staying for community/players" if you will follow the pro SC2 scene and stick around not because of the game. If you're still around the forums as an active BW player after the transition but no longer follow the pro Starcraft scene please select 'leaving'.
Poll: Sticking around post-BW?
I like BW and SC2 (992)
52%
Leaving after the switch (503)
26%
I'm all about SC2 (255)
13%
I'll stay for the community/players (169)
9%
1919 total votes (992)52%(503)26%(255)13%(169)9%1919 total votes Your vote: Sticking around post-BW? (Vote): Leaving after the switch
(Vote): I like BW and SC2
(Vote): I'm all about SC2
(Vote): I'll stay for the community/players
Poll: I won't follow the proscene after the transition but...
Will stick around TL.net (538)
65%
I'm outta here. (294)
35%
832 total votes (538)65%(294)35%832 total votes Your vote: I won't follow the proscene after the transition but... (Vote): Will stick around TL.net
(Vote): I'm outta here.
Since the switch is inevitable at this point, I thought it would be interesting to see how these numbers stack up. I don't think I'll be able to bring myself to watch SC2. Nothing against the game but the only similarities are the name as far as I'm concerned.
For clarification, I'm of course speaking of what will happen after Kespa and all the official South Korean entities are 100% transitioned to SC2. I'll be holding on until the last breath, when the unofficial servers finally shut down.And for more clarification, please pick "staying for community/players" if you will follow the pro SC2 scene and stick around not because of the game. If you're still around the forums as an active BW player after the transition but no longer follow the pro Starcraft scene please select 'leaving'.Since the switch is inevitable at this point, I thought it would be interesting to see how these numbers stack up. I don't think I'll be able to bring myself to watch SC2. Nothing against the game but the only similarities are the name as far as I'm concerned.
(no time to figure out embedding, school calls).
Oh the good times. gg no re, and don't forget to turn out the lights.
Sorry for the clusterf*ck of options.
EDIT:
I don't think a full transition is 100% confirmed yet.
<--- Official Entus twitter. Let's not see the Effort storyline end in SC2!
I'm pretty sure that the KeSPA one will respond in English. PM me if there's anything you want to add.
Editing in Sawamura's poll.
Poll: What games will you be playing after the switch
Starcraft 2 and it's expansion (211)
55%
Broodwar For Life ! (82)
21%
Defence of the Ancients 2 (44)
11%
League of Legends (29)
8%
MMORPG (11)
3%
Counter Strike Global Offensive (8)
2%
385 total votes (211)55%(82)21%(44)11%(29)8%(11)3%(8)2%385 total votes Your vote: What games will you be playing after the switch (Vote): League of Legends
(Vote): Counter Strike Global Offensive
(Vote): Broodwar For Life !
(Vote): Starcraft 2 and it's expansion
(Vote): MMORPG
(Vote): Defence of the Ancients 2
(no time to figure out embedding, school calls).Oh the good times. gg no re, and don't forget to turn out the lights.Sorry for the clusterf*ck of options.EDIT: http://twitter.com/#!/official_kespa https://twitter.com/#!/ENTUS_Progaming Brood War has been a part of our lives for the last 12 years. No, we don't want change.
EchOne Profile Blog Joined January 2008 United States 2895 Posts #2 Even after the Korean pro-scene abandons BW, there will be no such thing as "post-BW" in my heart. I've played several hours of BW every week for months now so don't stop me now. 面白くない世の中, 面白くすればいいさ
blubbdavid Profile Blog Joined February 2010 Switzerland 2400 Posts #3 TL Mafia
and trolling the ABL What do you desire? Money? Glory? Power? Revenge? Or something that surpasses all others? Whatever you desire - that is here. Tower of God ¦¦Nutella, drink of the Gods
Sawamura Profile Blog Joined August 2010 Malaysia 7576 Posts #4 I will stick around to support Kespa and bw teams even though they may transition to sc2 as long I can see familiar faces I would be happy and I don't really like the gsl and stuff because compared to my bw teams they aren't the same people who I have come to be accustomed with for many years .
So yeah I will be around. BW/KT Forever R.I.P KT.Violet dearly missed ..
Pucca Profile Blog Joined January 2012 Taiwan 1270 Posts Last Edited: 2012-04-20 18:43:17 #5 I feel like this thread is a little misplaced for the time. If you were talking about this when SC2 came out I think it would make sense. I don't quite understand when you said "e the switch is inevitable at this point" I wonder what made you come to this conclusion? Many BW players left right when SC2 game into town. Master Chief
KenNage Profile Joined May 2009 Chile 871 Posts #6 i will never stop playing, and when i die, i will play 2v2 with my cousin in heaven
amazingxkcd Profile Blog Joined September 2010 GRAND OLD AMERICA 15736 Posts #7 BW for life ;(.
Well, I'm sure that the BW forums will always be up and the die-hard community will still be there for me. The world is burning and you rather be on this terrible website discussing video games and your shallow feelings
Sawamura Profile Blog Joined August 2010 Malaysia 7576 Posts #8 On April 21 2012 03:43 KenNage wrote:
i will never stop playing, and when i die, i will play 2v2 with my cousin in heaven
bw for life .... indeed T_T bw for life .... indeed T_T BW/KT Forever R.I.P KT.Violet dearly missed ..
Darth Saros Profile Blog Joined October 2010 Czech Republic 245 Posts #9 I'll quit following the pro scene...cause there will be none. I might check on how Flash is doing from time to time if the nostalgia gets me. I'll try to watch some foreign bw events/korean amateur events. And we'll of course KEEP PLAYING-nothing compares to BW... Only BW...And everybody and your granny should know about CYBERPUNK 2077.
KamMoye Profile Joined December 2010 United States 492 Posts #10 i'm gone as soon as the osl is over
chaosTheory_14cc Profile Blog Joined December 2010 Canada 1248 Posts Last Edited: 2012-04-20 18:48:02 #11 I'll be sticking around for the community and players. I definitely won't stop playing BW anytime soon, that's enough incentive for me to stick around.
And there are still amateur tournaments to look forward to as well.
greenDron Profile Blog Joined October 2010 Korea (South) 94 Posts #12 what switch? all is well. pm me
Chef Profile Blog Joined August 2005 10670 Posts #13
My plans are to continue playing with friends, maybe try out a few of the amateur tourneys to see if they are worth watching, and to take a more relaxed view of the scene. I liked watching replays and playing the game for many years before the proscene was readily accessible, I can imagine that might be what I return to. My life takes priority, but I've never found it hard to make time for BW Maybe I'll watch some old VODs and stuff. You need to clarify the OP a bit, or maybe add a few more options. Leaving the proscene might be how most people interpret this, but those people might also continue to stay within the community of TL, or watch the foreign scene, or follow afreeca tourneys. I guess it's really an inaccurate thread title as well. BW isn't ending, its proscene is. I suspect if lesser games had communities that far outlasted corporate endorsement, BW itself has a long ways to go before people abandon in completely.My plans are to continue playing with friends, maybe try out a few of the amateur tourneys to see if they are worth watching, and to take a more relaxed view of the scene. I liked watching replays and playing the game for many years before the proscene was readily accessible, I can imagine that might be what I return to. My life takes priority, but I've never found it hard to make time for BWMaybe I'll watch some old VODs and stuff. LEGEND!! LEGEND!!
storkfan Profile Joined March 2012 425 Posts Last Edited: 2012-04-20 18:52:40 #14 On April 21 2012 03:49 Chef wrote:
You need to clarify the OP a bit, or maybe add a few more options. Leaving the proscene might be how most people interpret this, but those people might also continue to stay within the community of TL, or watch the foreign scene, or follow afreeca tourneys. I guess it's really an inaccurate thread title as well. BW isn't ending, its proscene is. I suspect if lesser games had communities that far outlasted corporate endorsement, BW itself has a long ways to go before people abandon in completely.
My plans are to continue playing with friends, maybe try out a few of the amateur tourneys to see if they are worth watching, and to take a more relaxed view of the scene. I liked watching replays and playing the game for many years before the proscene was readily accessible, I can imagine that might be what I return to. My life takes priority, but I've never found it hard to make time for BW Maybe I'll watch some old VODs and stuff. You need to clarify the OP a bit, or maybe add a few more options. Leaving the proscene might be how most people interpret this, but those people might also continue to stay within the community of TL, or watch the foreign scene, or follow afreeca tourneys. I guess it's really an inaccurate thread title as well. BW isn't ending, its proscene is. I suspect if lesser games had communities that far outlasted corporate endorsement, BW itself has a long ways to go before people abandon in completely.My plans are to continue playing with friends, maybe try out a few of the amateur tourneys to see if they are worth watching, and to take a more relaxed view of the scene. I liked watching replays and playing the game for many years before the proscene was readily accessible, I can imagine that might be what I return to. My life takes priority, but I've never found it hard to make time for BWMaybe I'll watch some old VODs and stuff. what post bw? There is no post BW. Im staying with BW until i die. korean streams, foreign events, we got what we need even if the pro scene dwitches
FractalsOnFire Profile Blog Joined August 2010 Australia 1557 Posts #15 Stay on TL, see the switch to SC2, if i really hate it, stop watching but will stay for TL blogs.
Hinanawi Profile Blog Joined July 2009 United States 2250 Posts #16 I have a feeling I'll be too spoiled by progamers playing BW to ever really enjoy watching amateur tournaments after the pro-scene dies.
I'll give watching HotS a try when that comes out, but my expectations are extremely low and I'll probably just end up leaving. Favorite progamers (in order): Flash, Stork, Violet, Sea. ||| Get better soon, Violet!
lexpoa Profile Joined March 2011 Brazil 73 Posts #17 Guess I'll be leaving.
Rodiel3 Profile Joined March 2011 France 1136 Posts #18 Guess still watching some big SC2 final for the enjoyment, but there will be less passion of course http://www.youtube.com/user/rodiel3 SCBW FPVOD
Darksoldierr Profile Joined May 2010 Hungary 2007 Posts #19 What the hell? If you want to play BW you still can. 100% there will be streams, cups, tournaments. Specially nowdays, when everything gets streamed.
The next dual BW / SC2 tournament, if true, will still have BW matches, and if it fails horribly, theres a chance they get seperate tournaments and/or only BW.
Before all this doomsday calling, lets actually wait and see it ourselves. What do humans know of our pain? We have sung songs of lament since before your ancestors crawled on their bellies from the sea.
jpak Profile Blog Joined October 2009 United States 4058 Posts #20 I'll start following foreign BW a bit more.
Also League of Legends. CJ Entusman #50! #1 클템 fan TL!
1 2 3 4 5 57 58 59 Next
NETWORK FINALS: SHARK TANK gained 0.1 in final numbers.
Broadcast Official Nationals Program Ratings Chart
CABLE HIGHLIGHTS: We found itself at the top of Friday cable with MAMA JUNE FROM NOT TO HOT, even though it slipped 0.02 to 0.56, with lead-out DR MIAMI at 0.13. On Lifetime, THE RAP GAME gained 0.06 to 0.53, BRING IT ticked up to 0.39, and THE POP GAME was up 0.04 to 0.26. HBO's REAL TIME WITH BILL MAHER rose 0.07 to 0.53, VICE held at 0.16, and ANIMALS was down 0.04 to 0.07. ESPN's afternoon coverage of THE MASTERS was at 0.49. A Discovery GOLD RUSH special was down 0.02 from last week's installment to 0.42. A&E's LIVE PD slipped 0.02 to 0.40. The host's own placement in the news, along with the attack in Syria, probably helped push Fox News's THE O'REILLY FACTOR into the Top 10 to 0.41, with plenty of other Fox News and CNN shows behind. Nickelodeon hit the Top 10 with a noon PAW PATROL at 0.36. VH1's RUPAUL'S DRAG RACE fell 0.09 to 0.31. Food Network's DINERS, DRIVE-INS & DIVES lost a tenth to 0.29. MTV's RIDICULOUSNESS edged up 0.02 to 0.23.
Top 50 Original Cable Telecasts with Demographic Detail
Top 150 Original Cable Telecasts
To search for a show: type Ctrl-F and type your show title in the search box.
PREVIOUS FRIDAY NETWORK SCORECARDS (FAST NATIONALS)
PREVIOUS FRIDAY CABLE & BROADCAST NATIONALS
###
If you thought the Palestinian issue was strictly about Palestinians vs. Israelis, you will be interested to learn about the solidarity between concerned Israelis and Palestinians who are being evicted from their longtime homes in East Jerusalem by the ultra-Orthodox (aided by the Israeli military and police).
This documentary trailer gives you a flavor of what, in many senses, is less a battle between Jews and Arabs than between humanitarians and zealots. It comes from the intriguing nonprofit Just Vision, a collaboration of Israelis, Palestinians and others that offers rarely seen, carefully nuanced perspectives on a seemingly intractable conflict. More info here.
In the full-length documentary, which I saw at a recent screening, the Orthodox young men don't even bother to argue the moral or legal justness of their cause—they are pugilistic and jubilant in their biblical righteousness. Of course, the same could be said about many Muslim extremists (and Christian ones, to be sure); what's indisputable is the suffering such extremism causes.
TRAILER AT
http://www.justvision.org/myneighbourhood
Where else do you see journalism of this quality and value? Please help us do more. Make a tax-deductible contribution now.
Our Comment Policy Keeps it civilized, keep it relevant, keep it clear, keep it short. Please do not post links or promotional material. We reserve the right to edit and to delete comments where necessary. Related print
I was selected for a very good supervisory position at the local Sheriff's department. I was one of 40 applicants. I made it past the panel interview. I made it past the follow-up interview offered only to the finalists. I made through an interview with my potential direct reports. I received a conditional job offer. Then there was the polygraph.
Before the polygraph I confessed to my background check investigator that I was unsure whether I was using a legal copy of some software (Dreamweaver). I develop training at my present employer and use Dreamweaver as one of the tools. I installed a copy of the software at home in order to do work at home. At the time of my interview I said I was not sure whether the copy was legal. (After my polygraph test I researched the software license and discovered that the copy I installed on my home computer was, in fact, legal.)
During the baseline portion of the polygraph exam I said the same thing about the software but was sternly warned by the detective to get this settled before the background check.
He then went into a series of dozens of questions over a period of about an hour. Here's what happened.
Several questions were really offensive to me. Have you ever masturbated at work? (Yes) Then he dug in his heels. How many times? What aroused you? Etc. Have you exposed yourself in public? (Yes) What was that? (I went to a nude beach with my wife in Jamaica.) Have you ever had sex in public? Have you ever looked at porn at your company. (Yes, once on a friend's computer when we first got internet access and didn't know the rules. And once on my machine shortly thereafter just because. Nothing for the past 11 years though.) On and on. I started thinking this guy was a pervert.
Have you ever done anything for which you or the department could be blackmailed? (I confessed an indescretion, not illegal, that took place about six years ago.) Have you ever stolen anything? (Yes, I shoplifted bubble gum as a kid.) I also confessed switching price tags as a 14-year-old.
My goal was to be completely honest no matter how painful.
Then came the polygraph itself. The detective said, "Now we're going to find out if you know how to tell the truth." (Arrogant little SOB.)
Have you ever lied to your boss? (Yes.) When did this happen? (I don't know. But I've been working for 40 years so I must have lied to my boss at some point in time.) Have you ever lied to your boss at your present employer? (No. But I was REALLY nervous by now.)
Have you ever stolen from your employer? (Yes... thinking of my software dilemma.)
Have you ever stolen time from your employer? (No... hesitation.) What does that mean? (Well, I've always been salaried and I personally feel guilty if I work less than 40 hours even if I sometimes also work 100.) Followup... Have you ever stolen time from your employer? (Yes... more hesitation.)
I'm a Myers-Briggs expert. I'm an NF temperament. Susceptable to guilt. NFs are also very much NOT black and white oriented. So, at one time a senior executive told our entire group that we "stole from the company" when we had a long Christmas off-site group event during work hours. Even though it was with the permission of our boss. I remembered that when asked if I stole time from my company. Legally and ethically I did not steal. In my guilty gut I did. So I confessed.
I am also not a black and white person. So to me there are few yes/no type of questions. So I got really nervous and just struggled. I often said yes in responses to questions just to be sure I was not lying. In fact, though, I would have been less than honest by saying either yes or no. But I followed the rules in an attempt to cooperate. The examiner said I had to answer yes or no... so I did.
My hands got so sweaty that he had to use contacts attached to the top of my hands. He had to stop the test early on because I was involuntarily taking deep breaths and moving my head. Then the test was re-started. I was so nervous from the pre-test baseline questions that I was completely flustered.
The detective finally said, "Okay, we're done." He got up and disconnected me from the machine. It was then that I saw a small smile cross his face. I'm sure he was thinking, "Hah... I have now successfully protected the department from another lying slime-ball."
Never mind that I have never been arrested. I've had one moving violation. I've never experimented with drugs. I'm not into porn. I'm a conscientious employee. Maybe too conscientious.
I got home and told my wife that there was no way I passed the test. Sure enough, I got a note stating that I had been eliminated for consideration for this very good job.
I didn't lie. I'm not deceptive. But I also see much of life in shades of gray not black and white. I'm also a very strong Christian and therefore I know that there is only one source of truth and it's not me.
The department lost a very good, moral, honest, and intelligent employee. I have years of experience and a Ph.D. in the field I was about to join.
And I'm suffering a severe case of guilt. I'm angry. I'm hurt. I feel like my character has been smeared. I have a big heart and a strong mind. I over-think many things. So my answers seem evasive, I suppose. But to me nothing is as simple as it seems.
I was interviewed by a man who sees life in a very binary way. To him I suppose the truth is simple. To me, it's not.
This was a TERRIBLE day for me. I won't get over the emotional trauma any time soon. It hurts me to my core. So my advise to you is that you are a caring and sensitive person who wants to please and seeks to tell the truth. DO NOT APPLY for a job in law enforcement if a polygraph is a condition of employment.
“I could be one of the ones that was taken out.”
Ricky Gonzales, Albuquerque native and Prime Minister of the Nuevo Mexico Chapter of the Carnalismo Brown Berets, reflected on an experience he had with the Albuquerque Police Department 5 years ago. In his case, it was mistaken identity.
Ricky was at a friend's apartment when he saw that APD was outside preparing for a raid. “I want to see what happens. I walked out of [the friend's] apartment. I had assault rifles, lasers and SWAT guns pointed at my chest. I'm carrying a phone charger in my hand, it's night, it could be mistaken for anything. So, luckily, nothing happened…but it could have gone a completely different way.”
The Brown Berets are a Chicano/Mexican American community organization that was born during the late 1960s and is still active. Their mission is to help those who are oppressed and need a voice.
The Brown Berets, including Ricky, were at the June 21 March Against Police Brutality in Albuquerque to assist with security and show solidarity. They do a lot more than provide security, though. “I like to think of the Brown Berets as a multilateral organization,” says Ricky. They do outreach to gangs, food drives, and toy drives for children born in prison. The Brown Berets do this without much of a budget, Ricky says, “We just fund things ourselves and invest sweat equity”.
According to Ricky, re-education is a major initiative of the Brown Berets. “A lot of our work has to do with re-educating ourselves and others. A lot of us Chicanos were raised with a certain version [of history], not necessarily where we really came from or what really happened. [Being born on] this side of the border and being American and not Mexican [is an accident of birth]. Chicano people here in Albuquerque exempt themselves from the fight of people south of the border – an imaginary line. A lot of [our work] is about re-educating these [Chicanos] to know we're all the same.”
The Navy's top enlisted Sailor, Master Chief Petty Officer of the Navy (MCPON) Mike D. Stevens, was on hand to distribute the first electronic tablets (e-tablets) to the Navy's newest recruits at Recruit Training Command (RTC), April 7.
The launch of the eSailor initiative is a pre-pilot, beta testing to two divisions of 70 recruits to help determine how well the device integrates into the training environment at RTC. The e-tablet will contain RTC curriculum, including training videos, texts and access to professional development websites. RTC is primarily responsible for conducting the initial Navy orientation and training of new recruits.
"As we exploit wireless, mobile technology through the eSailor initiative, I am certain there will be challenges, and we will learn lessons along the way, but we cannot let challenges of security, accessibility, and cost hold us back," said Stevens. "We must embrace these challenges and work through them in order to remain relevant. I do not believe we have an option 'not to' embrace mobile technology if we are going to be relevant in our ability to function in the 21st century and beyond. We must do this and it must start now."
The goal of the e-tablet is to increase the quality of work and quality of life of both recruits and recruit division commanders (RDCs). The e-tablets will use technology already used in elementary through high schools across the nation and incorporate the RTC curriculum, creating a seamless educational transition from civilian to Sailor.
In 2014, Stevens proposed the eSailor initiative to Naval Service Training Command (NSTC), which oversees RTC. Since then, the NSTC-RTC team has worked to develop protocol for the use, care, and programming of the tablets.
"Today is the first step in establishing an effective mobile technology program at RTC," said Rear Adm. Richard A. Brown, commander, NSTC. "RTC and NSTC have partnered together to review training requirements, infrastructure demands, and technological capabilities to realize MCPON Stevens' vision."
The pre-pilot will consist of a six-month study, serving as a rolling start to obtain qualitative data in a cost-effective manner. When a division graduates, the tablets will be collected and redistributed to collect three cycles of data, about 450 recruits in total.
"We are continually looking for ways to improve training at RTC," said Capt. Doug Pfeifle, commanding officer, RTC. "As the Navy's only boot camp, we have an opportunity to impact every Sailor going to the fleet. We are an increasingly technological Navy and our boot camp must not only reflect, but precede the needs of the Navy. As the fleet continually advances in technology, our recruits and staff must embrace this shift as well. Implementing the eSailor initiative will help recruits interface with technology from day one."
Recruits will be instructed on the proper use, regulations and care of their tablets. At the end of each day, tablets will be collected and placed within charging stations where they will be secured until the following day when they will be redistributed.
"I think this is going to help our training because in today's age everyone is so used to having technology right at their hands that we'll be more accustomed to study on a tablet because we're used to it," said Seaman Recruit Karlie Breht, 19.
Currently, recruits receive over 100 hours of classroom and applied training. Much of this curriculum will be included on the tablet for recruits to access and study. For training purposes, the e-tablet for the pre-pilot will include: Navy-owned RTC curriculum, a digital version of the Bluejacket's Manual, and various other training courses.
The tablets will also be used to increase the quality of life of recruits as this technology will facilitate communication with family and friends during time normally allotted to them for letter writing.
"There is no better place to launch eSailor than where we launch every enlisted Sailor in the United States Navy, Recruit Training Command, here in Great Lakes," said Stevens. "Our new Sailors and the professional staff of RTC will leverage this technology for training, while at the same time helping the Navy determine how to proceed into the future, for all Sailors - officer and enlisted."
Lint For Math
Can we remove simple errors from math proofs?
Stephen Johnson is one of the world's top programmers. Top programmers are inherently lazy: they prefer to build tools rather than write code. This led Steve to create some great software tools that made UNIX so powerful, especially in the “early days.” These included the parser generator named Yacc for “Yet Another Compiler Compiler.”
Today I (Dick) want to talk about another of his tools, called lint . Not an acronym, it really means lint.
Steve was also famous for this saying about an operating system environment for IBM mainframes named TSO which some of us were unlucky enough to need to use:
Using TSO is like kicking a dead whale down the beach.
Hector Garcia-Molina told me a story about using TSO at Princeton years before I arrived there. One day he wrote a program that was submitted to the mainframe. While Hector was waiting for it to run he noticed that it contained a loop that would never stop, and worse the loop had a print statement in it. So the program would run forever and print out junk forever. Yet Hector, because of the nature of TSO, could not kill the program. Hector went to the system people to ask them to kill his program. They answered that they could not kill it until it started to run. Even better: the program would not run until that evening—do not ask why. So they could not kill it. But the evening crew could once it started. So they left a handwritten note to kill Hector's program later that night. A whale indeed.
Lint
Steve's lint program took your C program, examined it, and flagged code that looked suspicious. The brilliant insight was that lint had no idea what you were really doing, but could say some constructs were likely to be bugs. These were flagged and often lint was right. A beautiful idea.
For example, consider the following simple C fragment:
while (x = y)
{
...
}
This is legal C code. But, it is most likely an error. The programmer probably meant to write:
while (x == y)
{
...
}
Recall that in C the test for equality is x == y while x = y is the assignment of y to x . The former could be correct yet it is likely a mistake. These are exactly the type of simple things that lint could flag.
The lint program has changed over the years and now there are more powerful tools that can flag suspicious usage in software written in many computer languages. It was originally developed by Steve in 1977 and described in a paper “Lint, a C program checker” (Computer Science Technical Report 65, Bell Laboratories, 1978).
Lint For Math
I believe that we could build a lint for math that would do what Steve's lint did for C code: flag suspicious constructs. Perhaps this already exists—please let me know if it does. But assuming it does not, I think even a tool that could catch very simple mistakes could be quite useful.
There is lots of research on mechanical proof systems. There is lots of interest in proving important theorems in formal languages so they can be checked. See this and this for some examples. Yet the vast majority of math is only checked by people. I think this is fine, even essential, but a lint program that at least caught simple errors would be of great use.
Let me give three types of constructs that it could catch. I assume that our lint would take in a LaTeX file and output warnings.
Unused variables. Consider
The lint program would notice that the variable is never used. Almost surely the intent was to write
Again note: this is not a certainty, since the former is a legal math expression.
Unbound variables. Consider
If there is nothing before to constrain , this is at best poor writing. Does range over all reals, all integers, or just all natural numbers? Again a construct that should be flagged.
Under-constrained variables. Consider the statement,
For some it follows that .
The statement may be technically true when , but for purpose of clear communication it needs a qualifier that . Perhaps the writer wrote that stands for a positive real number some pages earlier—we would not expect lint to pick that up. But we could reasonably ask lint to check for a mention of “ ” in a previous formula and/or paragraph.
The TextLint applet page hosted by Lukas Renggli with Fabrizio Perin and Jorge Ressia does not flag the unused-variable condition, and evidently does not try to handle the other two situations. It also fails to catch 2^16 which will give not the undoubtedly-intended . This is more a LaTeX syntax issue than the kind of math-semantics error we are gunning for; the programs mentioned here also seem limited to this level.
Open Problems
Does a lint program like this—for general mathematical writing not just LaTeX code—already exist? If not, should we build one?
[added “environment” qualifier to TSO]
Advertisements
Heritage Gun Shows logo now available on ball caps! Stop by the show to get yours!
Cambridge Gun Show, Cuyahoga Falls Gun Show, East Canton Gun Show, and Mansfield Gun Show are all trademarked by Heritage Arms, LLC.
Cambridge Gun Show
Feb. 16-17, 2019
----------------------------
East Canton Gun Show
Feb. 23-24, 2019
----------------------------
Cuyahoga Falls Gun Show
Mar. 2-3, 2019
----------------------------
The Cambridge Gun Show is held at the Pritchard Laughlin Civic Center. The Civic Center is at 7033 Glenn Hwy., Cambridge OH 43725. The City of Cambridge is at the crossroads of I-77 and I-70, in the SE quadrant of Ohio. It is an hour south of Canton, an hour west of Wheeling WV, an hour north of Marietta, and an hour east of Columbus. Exhibitors, please note that we do NOT have Friday night set-up at Cambridge.
The show is just off of I-70, west of Cambridge. From the north or south, take I-70 west. From the east, take I-70 past the I-77 interchange. From the west take I-70 and start watching your exits after Zanesville.
From I-70, take Exit 176. This will take you to a stop signal. Turn right. The civic center is about 3/4 mile on your left side.
The Cuyahoga Falls Gun Show is held at Emidio and Sons Expo Center, 48 E. Bath Rd., Cuyahoga Falls OH 44223. The City of Cuyahoga Falls is just north of Akron, on State Rt. 8. Exit State Rt. 8 at Graham Rd. and turn west onto Graham. Go 1 mile on Graham and turn right onto E. Bath Rd. Go 3/4 mile on E. Bath Rd. and Emidio's is on your left.
The Mansfield Gun Show is held at the Richland County Fairgrounds, 750 N. Home Rd. Mansfield OH 44906, in Fairhaven Hall. An ATM is on-site. The City of Mansfield is near I-71, roughly half-way between Cleveland and Columbus, in the north-central portion of Ohio.
The show is just off of US 30, west of Mansfield, approximately ten minutes off of I-71. From the north or south, take I-71 to US 30 west. From the east or west, take US 30 to Mansfield.
From US 30, exit at Trimble Rd. Go north on Trimble to the first light. Turn left at this light, onto Longview. After about a mile, Longview will dead-end into Home Rd. Turn right onto Home. The entrance to the fairgrounds is about 1/4 mile on the right. As you enter the fairgrounds, turn left to go around the office building. Fairhaven Hall will be on your right.
The East Canton Gun Show is held at the Foltz Community Center. The Community Center is at 224 N. Wood St. East Canton OH 44730. From I-77 in Canton, take US 30 East into East Canton. In town, US 30 will turn right. Instead of turning right, keep going straight to the light at Wood St. Wood St. is also Rt. 44. Turn left (north) on Wood/44, and Foltz is just a block or two up on your right.
HIALEAH, Fla. - A Hialeah man was captured on surveillance video Wednesday morning shooting out the tires of two utility trucks after workers parked in front of his home.
The incident was reported shortly after 11 a.m. at 620 SE Fifth Place.
Hialeah police Sgt. Carl Zogby said AT&T trucks were hanging lines on utility poles on the residential street when Jorge Jove, 64, got upset and told the workers to move away from his home.
Zogby said the workers told Jove that they would move as soon as possible, but needed to finish their work first and that they were parked on a public street. Zogby said Jove then went into his home and started shooting at the trucks.
Cellphone video taken from one of the workers shows a man, believed to be Jove, shooting out the tires of one of the trucks.
Zogby said it's unclear whether Jove was also aiming for the workers.
"He flattened their tires. He shot into the bodies of the trucks. He shot out one of the radiators of the truck," Zogby said. "He seemed to be a quiet man, and something made him snap today."
Zogby said the workers did nothing wrong in the situation.
"They were on public access. They were working on utility lines. They have every legal right to do so," Zogby said. "Apparently, he got upset for some reason, went into his house -- they thought that was the end of that, but then he came out with a gun. They ran for their lives."
Nobody was injured.
"We're grateful nobody was hurt, and we're working with law enforcement in their investigation," an AT&T spokeswoman said in an email to Local 10 News.
Jove was arrested and charges are pending against him, Zogby said.
Copyright 2017 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
Calcutta, 1941. The Indian Air Force was being deployed in World War II to fight the Japanese in Burma. Warrant officer Harjinder Singh wondered out aloud: “Why should we fight this war for the British?” Being heavily influenced by the Congress-led Freedom Struggle, he wasn't convinced that Indians should fight for the British.His Indian commanding officer, Squadron Leader Karun Krishna “Jumbo” Majumdar, reasoned with him: “Harjinder, if we do not fight in this war for the damned British, we shall be nothing better than a flying club when the war ends. We must fight, and we must aim to expand the IAF while the going is good. After the war is won, India will be a Dominion, and we shall have to run our own Air Force.”A little later, on February 1, 1942, Harjinder and Jumbo parked themselves with the whole 1st squadron of IAF at the Royal Air Force base in Toungoo, Burma. The next day, the base was hit by a Japanese bombing raid. The RAF was putting up a dispirited fight with talk about withdrawing from Burma further bringing down morale. But the IAF ignored all the defeatist talk. In fact, its unorthodox CO had the most audacious idea — bombing the Japanese air base with obsolete reconnaissance aircraft. Harjinder said aye.So, seven decades before India started talking about ‘Make in India', this first engineer officer of IAF converted a whole squadron of 12 Lysander planes into bombers. The Indians bombed the hell out of the Japanese. Again and again. For his pioneering effort, Singh was made an MBE (Member of the Order of the British Empire). It was a sweet revenge of sorts for him — as a lowly Hawai Sepoy in 1934, he had got the most disappointing welcome message from Air Marshal Sir John Steele, the first chief of the IAF. “Indians will not be able to fly or maintain military aeroplanes. That's a man's job,” Steele had said to the 200 Indians of the fledgling IAF.From being a Hawai Sepoy to retiring as an air vice marshal, Harjinder's (or Harry to some) fascinating life story is the stuff of film scripts. A man who could put back any damaged or destroyed aircraft to the air, who commandeered and then drove a whole train in Burma to take his boys and birds out of harm's way, who gave Independent India an entire bomber fleet by cannibalising and restoring destroyed British and American planes, and a man who could well have been been the poster boy of the government's ‘Make In India' programme.His exploits were largely unknown till former RAF officer and British Airways pilot Mike Edwards wrote out the epic tale, using personal diaries, letters and other memorabilia kept safe by J R Nanda whose uncle Air Commodore Amrit Saigal was Harjinder's staff officer.At the launch of his delightfully written book, Spitfire Singh, at the British High Commissioner's residence recently, Edwards told TOI: “I learnt about his story in 2012. It took me so many years to write it out. I can only hope that I did justice to this unsung hero of India and the IAF. But it was perhaps destiny that a gora had to write the story of an IAF legend,” said Edwards, who was also involved in the resurrection of the IAF's vintage flight and flies the refurbished Tiger Moth and Harvard of the IAF.Just like Jumbo had predicted, India became a Dominion in 1947 though he didn't survive to see it himself. But Harjinder did and also experienced the horrors of Partition. Worse, soon after that, he found himself in a war against his former comrades when the Kashmir War broke out.Overruling his British commanders, Pandit Nehru deployed the RIAF (the prefix Royal was added in 1945 and dropped in 1950) in the war. And soon, Dakotas were flying in troops to the Valley while the fighter force of Spitfires and Tempests was bombing and strafing Pakistani positions. Harjinder realised he didn't have enough spares to keep his aircraft flying. But he was a man who thought on his feet.The next thing Harjinder did was fly to Lahore in a Dakota where he was cordially received by Pakistan Air Force officers. They let him take half of everything they had. Once back, Singh readied his planes to take on the same Pakistanis. The age of chivalry was still alive between the two rival militaries back then.Harjinder, by this time, had spotted the wreck of a Spitfire in Kanpur. True to his style, he completely restored the plane with some help from Rolls-Royce and started flying it. But he was still not a military pilot. In the 1950s, the IAF allowed him to proceed for pilot training. In his own Spitfire. And even at that age, Harjinder successfully got his wings. His Spitfire is now being restored to join the Vintage Flight.
This is a spoiler. Be careful, This page has blood and language is Spoilers .
The Great Mighty Poo is a big opera-singing, Sweet Corn-eating pile of feces who appeared in Conker's Bad Fur Day and Conker: Live & Reloaded as the boss of the Sloprano chapter. His lair is the interior of Poo Mountain. He is voiced by Chris Marlow, making him the only male character in the game not voiced by Chris Seavor.
When Conker first entered Poo Mountain's interior, a Dung Beetle flew right into Conker; the Dung Beetle informed him that there was "something really bad" in the mountain. The Great Mighty Poo had taken the Dung Beetle's friends, Tezza and Bazza, and had killed them by dragging them into the liquid poo. Conker, however, in hopes of finding the alleged cash in the area, still ventures onward and meets some Sweet Corn. At that moment, the Great Mighty Poo orders anyone who is hearing him to bring him some Sweet Corn. Conker, not knowing where the voice originated from, does what he says and knocks out the Sweet Corn with his weapon, carries them to a platform and throws them into the center pool. In a parody of Jaws, the Sweet Corn is floating in the pool and looks around, followed by some unknown creature attacking it from below. After throwing in all of the Sweet Corn in the area, the Great Mighty Poo dramatically emerges from the center pool, places the last piece of Sweet Corn into his mouth to operate as a makeshift tooth, and begins to sing his song.
Personality
The Great Mighty Poo is very irritable and seems to enjoy singing and throwing fecal matter at Conker. His only weakness is Toilet Paper, which Conker must throw into his mouth when he opens it to sing his vocal chorus and, after being hit once, the instrumentation picks up as he sings the second verse and resumes his attacks at an increased pace. After the next two hits, the tempo of the song increases dramatically as he sings the third verse and attacks faster. Conker also needs to react quickly with the Toilet Paper on this round, as The Great Mighty Poo now vocalizes much faster than the previous two stages. After the next three hits, he does his finale soprano shriek, which causes the glass shielding the "toilet flusher" to shatter, allowing Conker to run to the flusher and pull on it, thus flushing The Great Mighty Poo into the void. When this happens, he delivers a parody of the speech that the Wicked Witch of the West delivers in The Wizard of Oz when she melts.
Trivia
This is the only boss that the player can run out of the battle for after it has begun. If player reenters the mountain, the battle starts from the beginning.
Great Mighty Poo has a slight resemblance with Old King Coal.
The Great Mighty Poo's eyes and mouth have green sclera in Conkers's Bad Fur Day , but in Conker: Live & Reloaded his sclera are white, and his pupils are perpetually crosseyed.
, but in his sclera are white, and his pupils are perpetually crosseyed. While chasing the corns, Great Mighty Poo's hands are a lot bigger than their size during the fight.
He does not actually appear in the Conker's Big Reunion, but he does return in a full community game created by Mr Xbob with the Conker Creation Pack. However, this time the song was dramatically more censored when any other of Great Mighty Poo's performances.
The Great Mighty Poo flips the bird to the Dung Beetle in the Xbox remake.
In the Project Spark version, the lyrics showed that he looked like he swore because of the swear words such as shit and butt.
The Great Mighty Poo says "Arrgh, you cursed squirrel! Look what you have done! I'm flushing, I'm flushing! Oh what a world, what a world. Who would've thought a good little squirrel like you could destroy my beautiful clagginess?". It replaces "cursed brat" with "cursed squirrel", "I'm melting" with "I'm flushing", "a good little girl" with " a good little squirrel", and "my beautiful wickedness" with "my beautiful clagginess" as replacements of the original Wicked Witch of the West death quote.
From the gesture when the Great Mighty Poo points to his buttocks, the "chocolate starfish" probably refers to his anus.
This is the Only Song Not To be Put on Radios. Due to Swearing.
Song
WARNING: The following article or section contains Swearing and/or Foul Language. Please read at your own risk.
The lyrics to the song "The Great Mighty Poo" sung in the 2001 version of "Conker's Bad Fur Day" for the N64.
Verse 1 *Ahem* Mi mi miiiiiiiii I am the Great Mighty Poo and I'm going to throw my shit at you! A huge supply of tish come from my chocolate starfish. How about some scat you little twat? Verse 2 Do you really think you'll survive in here? You don't seem to know which creek you're in sweet corn is the only thing that makes it through my rear. How do you think I keep this lovely grin? *ting* (Spoken, text not shown) Have some more caviar. Verse 3 Now I'm really getting rather mad. You're like a niggly, tickly shitty little tag nut. When I've knocked you out with all my bab I'm going to take your head and ram it up my butt! Conker: Your butt. GMP: My butt. Conker: Your butt. GMP: That's right, my butt! Conker: (shudders) GMP: My butt! Conker: (yelps in horror) GMP: MY BUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUTT! Verse 4 (each line is carried one pitch higher) Ahhhhh Ahhhhhh Ahhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhhh!! AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!
Conker's Bad Fur Day - 16 - Great Mighty Poo
Conker Live and Reloaded - The Great Mighty Poo-0
Welcome to the Solar Panel. A gathering of some of the most unique minds discussing topics from around Planet Orange (if that's still a thing). These media members and super fans will break down who is missing from the Suns All-Time NBA2k18 roster, who should coach the team and how they'd fair in a tournament. Here's this edition's panelists:
Gerald Bourguet , Editor-in-Chief at HoopsHabit.com
Greg Esposito: Suns Columnist for Sports360AZ and co-host The Solar Panel: A Phoenix Suns Podcast
Gerald Bourguet: So Greg, on Thursday morning NBA 2K released the long-awaited rosters for every team's All-Time squad. It's a great idea for a video game and one that allows every NBA fan to indulge their inner nerdom by matching one franchise's all-time greats against their friends' favorite all-timers. Unfortunately, the Phoenix Suns' All-Time roster leaves a lot to be desired.
Before we start yelling into our computers, let's take a look at the list first:
PG – Steve Nash
SG – Paul Westphal
SF – Shawn Marion
PF – Tom Chambers
C – Amar'e Stoudemire
PG – Kevin Johnson (Bench)
PG – Jason Kidd (Bench)
PG – Goran Dragic (Bench)
SG – Dennis Johnson (Bench)
SG – Jeff Hornacek (Bench)
SG – Leandro Barbosa (Bench)
SF – Dan Majerle (Bench)
SF – Cedric Ceballos (Bench)
PF – Connie Hawkins (Bench)
PF – Larry Nance (Bench)
I'll let you kick things off…BUT IT SEEMS LIKE SOME NOTABLE NAMES ARE MISSING HERE, GREG.
Greg Esposito: To quote the legendary Charles Barkley, who was left off the list because he doesn't allow his likeness to be used in video games, this roster is TURRIBLE!
How in the world do you not include the franchise leader in rebounds, steals, games played and minutes played, Alvan Adams, and the franchise's all-time leader in points and field goals, Walter Davis, on this roster? They should be starters not just on the roster. It's a travesty.
Plus, I love Goran but he shouldn't be on this list and the only reason Ceballos should make it is if we're having a dunk contest, an ugly shirt competition — go back and look at his and Tim Kempton's wardrobe on the bench of the 1993 Finals — or if we need an in-arena emcee.
This list made me more irrationally angry than those “very special episodes” of 1990s sitcoms did that weren't funny when I was a kid.
GB: No Charles Barkley is understandable because of the unfortunate circumstances, but not having Walter Davis and Alvan Adams on the roster is inexcusable. This roster plays like someone who was born in the last 20 years made it. There go those millennials ruining everything again!
Aside from the absences of Sweet D and Adams, the “Original Sun,” Dick Van Arsdale, didn't make the cut either. Goran Dragic's 2013-14 season was the best memory Suns fans have since Steve Nash left, but I agree, putting him on the all-time roster is a bit of a stretch. Ceballos could've been included as the game's emcee if they wanted him in the game so bad, and I'd even argue putting Leandro Barbosa in the team's all-time 15 is a reach.
The biggest question is, do any current Suns (cough, Devin Booker, cough) belong on the list? It goes back to the question that's been on plenty of Suns fans' minds for the last two years: Is this kid destined for greatness, or is he simply putting up good numbers on terrible teams?
A few weeks back, I made the case for Booker being included on the 15-man roster. While his defense is “TURRIBLE” and his scoring hasn't really helped the Suns win games, there's no question he's on the path to greatness. When his name is included on scoring lists with names like LeBron James, Kobe Bryant and Kevin Durant, you know you're on to something good.
With Phoenix currently facing an eighth straight season without the playoffs and the roster undergoing a full-on youth movement, wouldn't it have been more exciting to include an up-and-comer like Booker over Ceballos, Dragic or even Barbosa? Sure we're projecting a bit, but having at least one prominent name from this year's roster would've been a nice bit of indulgence for the current fanbase.
ESPO: If it was made by someone who was born in the last 20 years then why in the world isn't Booker on the roster? I'd take him over Barbosa. Booker at least holds the team's record for most points in a game. Barbosa was a great role player and a Sixth Man of the Year but come on. Hell, Eddie Johnson probably deserves the spot over Leandro but EJ never gets any respect.
I can't believe I didn't list the “Original Sun” in my initial rant (OK, I can. I wanted to leave you someone to point out as missing). He's a Ring of Honor member and by far one of the 15 best players in Suns history. Another shame that he is missing. For a game coming out on the same year the Suns celebrate their 50th anniversary, this doesn't truly celebrate their history.
Like I said earlier, Booker probably should be on here based on how flimsy the back half of the roster is. Sure, his defense isn't great but offensively he's one of the best Suns we've seen and he's only two years in.
Also, where is Shaq or Mark West — I'm the first person to ever include those two in the same sentence — on the roster to give depth at center? Right now it's Amare, who was never a center, and no one. Granted, Adams would be a center if they had included him as well.
It's obvious that the Suns roster, because they haven't made the playoffs since 2010, was a complete afterthought. They know Phoenix, even the greatest in team history, isn't selling copies of a game. Which is sad because there is a lot of meat left on the bone.
The Suns roster is like NBC doing a Friends reunion but conveniently not including Matthew Perry as part of it… Oh, never mind.
The question is, as constructed, could this roster even compete with some of the all-time great rosters? I feel like if you include the guys we mentioned who are missing they could have competed in an all-time great tournament.
GB: Good call. It would've been better to err on the side of over-optimism with Booker than go with Ceballos or the Blur. If Book pans out as the next Suns superstar, leaving him off the list will look pretty silly. Even if he doesn't, you could argue he's already the current face of the franchise and the cornerstone of #TheTimeline. Entering the team's 50th season, and considering his enormous upside, that should've mattered.
Leaving Shaq out is a move I can understand since he was only here for a little more than a year, and Mark West would've been an honorable mention for me, but you're right — even for a franchise historically devoid of dominant big men, if you're not going to include Alvan Adams, someone needs to be there at the 5.
MY GOD, IS THAT JAKE TSAKALIDIS' MUSIC?
In all seriousness though, licensing issues are the only thing preventing this Suns roster from being competitive with most of the other all-time squads. Nash, Amar'e and the Matrix are all rightfully in the starting five, Hornacek, J-Kidd, Majerle, Barbosa and Dragic can all competently spread the floor and there are plenty of talented guards and animated dunkers (KJ, Nance, Chambers, Matrix, STAT and the only old school Suns legend 2K bothered to include, Connie Hawkins) to make Suns fans happy.
Without Barkley though, I wouldn't count on anyone outside this fanbase looking at this roster and thinking, “Oh wow, this team is STACKED!”
ESPO: I'm guessing even with Barkley no one would really think this team can compete. Historically they have no center so teams like the Rockets with Hakeem, Lakers with Wilt, Shaq, Kareem, Knicks with Ewing, etc. would eat this team for lunch. I realize it's not how the game is played now but if we're going all-time you have to take it into consideration. I'd be fascinated to see what happened if they simulated a NCAA style single-elimination tournament with these teams what seed the Suns would wind up with and just how far they'd go. My guess is a lower seed and a second round exit.
The only question left is what uniform do you put these guys in? In the preview video they show all the teams in their current jerseys which look weird. I think you have to go some kind of throwback. My vote would be the original Suns uniforms but guessing the rest of the fan base may take umbrage with that. Most would probably side with the Sunburst uniform of the 1990s and I couldn't begrudge them for that.
GB: Absolutely. Threes still reign supreme (even in 2K), but there's a reason the game features such intricate controls when it comes to post-up moves. If you're playing as the Suns against someone who's even semi-competent in that regard, you'd better hope all your threes are falling or you're going to be roasted faster than you can say “Dracarys.” But hey, at least Nash and Amar'e pick-and-rolls will be fun!
As for a tournament, a second-round exit sounds about right considering the Suns are one of 13 teams in the game to feature two or more starters with a player rating below 90. That guard depth would probably help escape the first round, as Phoenix is one of only five teams with two or more bench players rated 90 and above, but after that, pure star power would win out.
For the uniforms, I'm biased toward the Sunburst uniforms of the 90s to the point that I'd argue they're the best set of throwbacks in NBA history, but the originals are great too. The only problem is, with a roster so heavily skewed toward the late 80s and beyond, the Sunburst unis are probably the most fitting (pun intended).
ESPO: Who would coach this team? For me it's probably Cotton Fitzsimmons. He was great at running a fast-paced offense, see the Cotton Express, but had a big enough personality to make sure none of these egos would clash. Plus the press conferences would be fantastic. Not to mention his suits, toes and even sweaters were legendary. Plus he was on Arsenio Hall in the early 1990s. Can't beat that.
So, to tie a bow on this, I think it seems, on the Al McCoy scale, this roster is more Heartbreak Hotel than it is a Shazam.
GB: I'd be good with Cotton Fitzsimmons as well, as long as Mike D'Antoni could make an appearance on the sidelines as an assistant as well. Seeing the Pringles man in a video game never gets old, no matter how next-gen the graphics get. But I'm glad we were able to find some solace in this discussion without screaming through our keyboards, because I can't remember a more disappointing Suns video game roster since Charles Barkley and the Suns Gorilla missed the cut for the last NBA Jam. Maybe one day we'll get from Doom and Gloom-shakalaka back to Boomshakalaka?
ESPO: Who wasn't yelling? I was the entire time. Should I put this in all CAPS to make that clear?
And don't even get me started on the last NBA Jam's roster. That's an exchange for another time.
I spent a few weeks searching for an open-source S3 server that I can run at home to test Cloud Explorer. I first came across Minio which is an open-source S3 server but I could not get it to work with Cloud Explorer because it had issues resolving bucket names via DNS which is a requirement using the AWS SDK. I then read an article about Scality releasing an open-source S3 server that you can run inside a Docker image. I was able to get Scality up and running quickly with little effort. In this post, I will explain how I got the Scality S3 server setup and how to use it with Cloud Explorer.
First, I needed to run the Scality Docker image which was a simple one-liner:
Next, I needed to modify /etc/hosts on my laptop to resolve buckets properly with Cloud Explorer. By default, the Scality Docker image resolves to localhost which can be changed. I appended the bucket names that I will use for this test (test and test2) to the localhost entry in /etc/hosts.
Now I can configure the Scality S3 credentials in Cloud Explorer as shown below. I used the default Access and Secret keys by the Docker image.
Now Let's create a bucket:
And there it is!
Let's upload a file to make sure it works:
The file is there!
Now let's run a performance test just for fun:
It was really cool that Scality released this as open-source. Not all of the Amazon S3 features are supported by Scality such as file versioning and others but I hope that this project continues to be worked on and gains community involvement. After using this for a while, I put the S3 server into production for this site. All of the images that you see for this post are hosted by the S3 server inside a Docker image. Please check it out and let me know how you like Cloud Explorer. Please file any bugs on the GitHub issue tracker.
Have your say
ROYAL Marines musicians have been drumming up support for an ambitious world record attempt to mark a major anniversary.
Drummers from the Royal Marines band service want to smash the record for the longest continuous drum roll to coincide with their 350th anniversary next year.
Royal Marines drummers launch their bid to break the world record for the longest continuous drum roll, outside the Mary Rose Museum in Portsmouth'''Picture: Ian Hargreaves (132965-2)
Yesterday they treated dockyard visitors to a preview of their attempt, on the day of the 349th anniversary.
They performed a five-minute drum roll outside the new Mary Rose Museum.
Lieutenant Colonel Nick Grace, the principal director of music, said: ‘They have come up with the idea to smash this world record and it will be a huge event that will capture the imagination of the country.
‘This is going to put the Royal Marines in the public eye in a big year for us.
Image shows Corps of Drums display from RM Band Portsmouth at the Mary Rose Museum, HMNB Portsmouth.''Drummers from the world-renowned Royal Marines Band Service gave a sneak preview today (October 28) of a world-record attempt they will be involved in next year.''They have their sights on the record for the longest continuous drum roll and will attempt to break the current record of 28 hours, 19 minutes and three in May next year.''The attempt is one of many events planned to next year to mark RM350 ' the 350th anniversary of the Royal Marines. The corps of drums is one of the oldest braches within the Royal Marines and was present at the formation on October 28 1664.''At Portsmouth Historic Dockyard today seven drummers involved in the record attempt performed a five-minute drum roll next to HMS Victory.''Image by LA(Phot) Maxine Davies''Consent form signed and held at Fleet Photographic Unit East, Portsmouth.
‘One of the iconic images and sounds of the Royal Marines Band Service is its corps of drums.'
The world record attempt is one of many events planned to mark next year's anniversary.
The current record stands at 28 hours and 19 minutes.
The corps of drums is one of the oldest branches within the Royal Marines, and was present at the formation on October 28, 1664.
Yesterday's event marked the start of a fundraising drive to raise £166,400 for the Royal Marines Charitable Trust Fund.
Bugler Kerrie Silk, 26, is one of those who will be taking part in the record attempt.
She said: ‘It is a great way to mark the 350th anniversary of the Royal Marines.
‘It's quite difficult to do but I think with a bit more training we'll be there.
‘We really want this.'
Earlier in the day, the Royal Marines' 349th birthday was marked with the cutting of a cake at the School of Music.
The cake was decorated in RM Corps colours.
Corps Bugle Major Warrant Officer 2 AJ Piner said: ‘The guys are already starting to do some long training periods.
‘They'll be drumming for 20 minutes at a time and one of the biggest challenges can be a lactic acid build-up.'
Donations to the corps of drums fundraising effort can be made online at justgiving.com/RMCOD1664.
You can also text STIX64 £2/£5/£10 to 70070.
Oakland school district officials who neglected to seek accreditation for a new high school scrambled to make up for the mistake this week, while acknowledging the lapse will make it harder for graduating seniors to apply to the University of California and California State University systems.
The 75 seniors at Madison Park Academy on the southeast edge of the city found out Tuesday that their school does not have the proper accreditation from the Western Association of Schools and Colleges, a certification that tells UC and CSU admissions officers that the school's courses are state-approved.
That means the students must gain admission “by exception or exam,” district officials said. The admissions process won't rely on the courses taken by students or the grades they earned, but rather SAT or other test scores, or a demonstration of exceptional circumstances that merit admission despite the lack of traditional qualifications.
The UC system does not place limits on the number of students admitted by exam, but caps those admitted by exception at 6 percent of newly enrolled freshmen.
All other Oakland high schools are accredited, district officials said. But Madison Park, previously a K-8 school, only recently expanded to include high school grades, and this is the first graduating class. District administrators failed to apply for accreditation, said district spokesman John Sasaki.
Due to the high school being new and turnover of district staff, the accreditation process “dropped between the cracks,” Sasaki said. “Obviously this is not what we want to have our students dealing with.”
District officials met with students and parents Thursday night to try to allay fears, but frustration was apparent Friday as families struggled to understand what the mistake would mean. Senior Kaila Anderson, 16, said she plans to apply to several universities, including UC campuses, in her pursuit of a career as a nurse practitioner for victims of domestic violence.
“We're taking it one day at a time,” she said. “We're trying to persevere through all this madness.”
She worried that the burden of using an alternative application process would discourage some of her classmates from applying to a four-year college.
“The kids are really, really upset,” said a district teacher who has been talking with students and attended the meeting Thursday. “The students worked so hard.”
Many of the students have overcome educational hurdles and would be the first in their families to attend college. “I've never seen anything this awful happen to children,” said the teacher, who asked not to be identified because she was not authorized to speak.
Representatives for the accrediting association were at Madison Park on Friday, before an expected vote on accreditation expected in December and official notification in January. But college applications are due in November. Applications to the military, community colleges, private universities and out-of-state colleges will not be affected, officials said.
Read Full Article
Zee Media Bureau/ Neha Attre
New Delhi: Bharatiya Janata Party`s prime ministerial candidate Narendra Modi addressed a rally in Kasaragod in Kerala on Tuesday and targeted the state government over the issue of safety of women by saying that the state figures in the top 10 list of unsafe states for women.
“Kerala figures in the top 10 states that have been termed as unsafe for women. Out of these 10 states, six are governed by Congress governments. However, none of these are governed by the BJP government,” said Modi.
“Kerala had the opportunity to be a tourist destination, But unfortunately, it has turned into a nursery of terrorism,” Modi said.
Modi further targeted the Oomen Chandy government over the killing of two fishermen by Italian marines off the Kerala coast in 2012 after they were mistaken for pirates and said that neither the state nor the Central government has not taken any concrete steps in the matter.
“In which jail has the Italian Marines been sent to?” Modi asked.
The BJP leader further asked Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, Congress president Sonia Gandhi and the Chief Minister of the state, Oomen Chandy about steps taken to strengthen the country`s armed forces.
Modi further said that despite being “God`s own country”, dearth of job opportunities in Kerala has forced the youngsters to look for employment opportunities in other states.
“Kerala is running on money-order economy as people working abroad send money to their parents. But are they safe there?” asked Modi.
He questioned the government and asked if it is doing anything for those who go abroad for job but are not given due leaves and their passports are also taken away.
Modi further said that the bad condition of Kerala is due to the unwritten understanding between the UDF and LDF in the state which indulge in a “friendly match” and form governments in the state alternatively.
“Congress party is like a watermelon, green on the outside and red on the inside,” he said while addressing the crowd.
The Gujarat Chief Minister further said that with an extensive coastline, Kerala can feed salt to the entire nation and export it to the world.
Speaking on the plight of fishermen in the state, Modi said that the Central government is not doing enough for them and they continue to suffer.
A company more used to resolving neighbour disputes has turned its attention to Bristol's roads in a bid to ease tensions between people in cars and those on bikes.
Launched in June, the Road Sharing Restorative Approach Programme is running a consultation, at a cost of £10,000, on why the city can be such a hostile place to travel.
The Bristol Mediation Group (BMG) is talking to those who drive, those who cycle, parents, disabled people, teenagers, taxi drivers and lorry drivers. It hopes understanding the issues will help get more people on two wheels during Bristol's year as 2015 European Green Capital. However, when asked by road.cc for evidence behind using conflict resolution methods on a large scale the BMG refused, due to recent "distorted reporting" of the programme by the media.
Bristol bike lane bollards: "If they're stopping cars they're doing their job"
Annali Grimes, one of two co-ordinators of the Road Sharing Restorative Approach consultation, told the Bristol Post: "What we are doing is promoting a non-confrontational, restorative approach to the issues we have surrounding our road usage in Bristol.
"This is something which affects every single person in the city from parents who are too scared to let their children walk to school because of traffic, to people who do not want to take public transport because of the cost and reliability factors.
She told the Post the project, which is being funded by Safer Bristol, a police and council partnership, is about looking at the wider picture. She said "everyone contributes to the problem and everyone is a victim", from those who drive their cars too fast to those who cycle on pavements.
However, when asked by road.cc to comment on the potential effectiveness of such interventions on a wider population and for evidence of its effectiveness, Grimes refused to give details. She would not comment on whether she believed infrastructure was a contributing factor in tensions on the roads, and only said due to some media outlets publishing "very distorted versions of the project, resulting in adverse publicity for Bristol Mediation and Bristol City Council" the group would not comment until the project had finished.
She said: "We are therefore not engaging with any more media contacts until the project publishes its report in March 2016."
A debate will be held on the consultation in February, after which a report will be submitted, offering solutions to some problems, one of which, Grimes says, could be teaching lollipop ladies and men conflict resolution skills. Grimes told the Post she hopes the outcome will be greater mindfulness, empathy and respect between road users.
In Bristol air pollution kills around 200 people per year with a post-war road system that favours mass movement of motor traffic. Bristol is also the most congested city in the country, but in 2013 and 2014 the city received millions of pounds to spend on cycling from government grants.
Alabama Attorney General Luther Strange said today that BP's settlement agreement does not affect the state's claims against the company as a result of the 2010 oil spill catastrophe.
Strange, who was appointed as coordinating counsel for the Gulf states by U.S. District Judge Carl Barbier, said BP still has to resolve claims by the federal, state and local governments.
“The settlement announced last night between BP and private plaintiffs does not impact Alabama's claims against BP and the other defendants for the damage done to our economy and environment," Strange said.
"We are fully prepared to try our case, and we hope that the court sets a new trial date in the near future. Alabama will continue to work closely with the United States Department of Justice and the other Gulf States to hold BP and the other defendants fully accountable for the disaster in the Gulf."
TV Reviews All of our TV reviews in one convenient place.
Marvel's Daredevil Marvel's Daredevil Marvel's Daredevil B- Marvel's Daredevil Marvel's Daredevil B- B- Marvel's Daredevil Season 1 Created by Drew Goddard Starring Charlie Cox, Deborah Ann Woll, Elden Henson, Rosario Dawson, Vincent D'Onofrio, Ayelet Zurer, Vondie Curtis-Hall Debuts Friday, April 10, on Netflix (full 13-episode season available) Format Hour-long superhero series. Five episodes watched for review
Superhero comics made an awkward lurch toward social relevance in the '70s, with heavy-handed stories about drugs and racism; but the genre really started to mature in the '80s, when a handful of writers and artists embraced their pulp roots. At Marvel, Chris Claremont and John Byrne's X-Men comics and Frank Miller's version of Daredevil elevated the medium via twisty, fast-paced storytelling, and a willingness to take the life-and-death stakes of superheroes' lives seriously. These books were entertaining first and foremost, and developed their deeper themes organically, by sharpening the focus on the characters and their worlds.
Advertisement
Superhero television is now at the kind of crossroads that comics reached circa 1980. In comics, the previous decade's wave of adult-oriented genre fare and undergrounds showed that there was both a way to produce more sophisticated work and an audience for the outcome. With TV, the massive success of superhero movies in the 2010s has proven that millions of people worldwide are willing to take the genre fairly straight, with all the trappings from the comics—costumes, powers, crazy villains—that live-action adventures tried to avoid for so many years. The “no tights, no fights” mandate of shows like Smallville is fading fast. It's a post-Flash, post-Avengers mass media landscape now. Writers, directors, and producers can be as faithful as they want to be.
The Netflix drama Marvel's Daredevil is remarkably faithful—perhaps to a fault. The series was developed by The Cabin In The Woods and Cloverfield screenwriter Drew Goddard (who's worked on several Joss Whedon and J.J. Abrams projects, including Buffy The Vampire Slayer and Alias), with showrunning duties handled by Spartacus writer/producer Steven S. DeKnight (another graduate of the Whedonverse). These two savvy creators are committed to bringing seriousness, imagination, and visual flair to action-fantasy.
Their Daredevil is an amalgam of different eras of the Marvel comic, taking elements that pre-date and post-date Frank Miller's '80s run. Boardwalk Empire's Charlie Cox stars as Matt Murdock, a poor boxer's son who was blinded by a freak childhood accident that left him with heightened senses. As the series begins, Murdock is starting his first law practice with his sweet, somewhat goofy best friend Foggy Nelson (Elden Henson), while spending his evenings donning a black bandana and fighting crime in their crumbling Hell's Kitchen neighborhood.
Advertisement
In the five episodes Netflix has made available to critics, the show's writers move a lot of the comic's familiar pieces into place. Matt and Foggy's first client is Karen Page (True Blood's Deborah Ann Woll), who later becomes their secretary. In her off-hours, Karen looks into the malfeasance of her old employer, and enlists the help of burned-out crime reporter Ben Urich (Vondie Curtis-Hall). Meanwhile, Matt's nocturnal adventures lead him to the apartment of sympathetic nurse Claire Temple (Rosario Dawson). And hovering just above the fray is Wilson Fisk, a.k.a. “Kingpin” (Vincent D'Onofrio), a millionaire businessman with not-so-secret mob ties and a touching schoolboy crush on local art gallery owner Vanessa Marianna (Ayelet Zurer).
Fans of the comics should appreciate the clear intent here to make a superhero series that doesn't deviate too much from the source, or pull too many punches. This is a hard PG-13 (bordering on R-rated) Daredevil, with smatterings of profanity and near-nudity, and a level of blood and gore previously unseen in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Nearly every episode builds to a brutal action set piece, with either the masked Matt or some criminal lackey beating the snot of an adversary, in sequences choreographed and shot for maximum visceral impact.
Overall, Daredevil has an appropriately dark and grubby look, established in the first episode by director Phil Abraham (who has directed several Mad Men episodes, and was one of The Sopranos' primary cinematographers) and cinematographer Matt Lloyd (who also shot the fine-looking films Robot & Frank and The Better Angels). The fight scenes are even grimmer, with minimal editing and ample goo. The show's creative team has translated the kineticism of superhero action to the screen in impressive ways, akin to lean Hong Kong cops-and-robbers pictures.
Advertisement
What they haven't done is make great television.
The failings of Netflix's Daredevil may just be inherent to some kinds of made-for-streaming series. Like Amazon's disappointing Bosch, Daredevil isn't structured or paced like episodic TV (though it's broken up into fairly uniform 50-minute installments, for no real reason beyond convention). This show is made to be binged, which means it doesn't seem obliged to conform to the usual dramatic arcs that TV writers use to pull viewers through commercial breaks, and to keep them tuning in from week to week. Through the first five episodes at least, the various plots and subplots—most of them involving gang wars and shady business dealings that inflict collateral damage on the residents of Hell's Kitchen—aren't compelling or original enough to earn an active “Yes, I'd like to see more of this.” Instead, what Daredevil has been one or two moments per episode that may be exciting or promising enough to keep Neflix subscribers from hitting the stop button before the next episode auto-plays.
Besides the blood-streaked action sequences, Daredevil's bread-and-butter is long, muted conversations, and a few of these do represent the show at its best. When Matt tells Claire that he can tell she's bleeding because “I can taste the copper in the air,” or when Kingpin explains his vision for a more orderly New York to Vanessa, these kinds of deep character beats can round out a TV drama. Daredevil's cast is good-to-great (Cox and D'Onofrio especially), and some of the strongest material here has hardly anything to do with superheroics, such as Matt's occasional confessions to his priest. The writers have a good sense of the real conflict at the heart of the series, which has to do with the hero's worry that by inserting himself into a battle between crime bosses, he's inadvertently becoming one of their soldiers.
Advertisement
But like too many genre shows with a prestige patina, Daredevil lacks dynamism. It initially seems like a bold choice to allow scenes to play out much longer and quieter than they would on regular TV, but that stylistic tic eventually becomes enervating. When nearly every non-fight scene is long and quiet, the result is a self-indulgent ponderousness.
Some of that sobriety comes woven-in to the material. Daredevil shouldn't be Guardians Of The Galaxy, after all. Still, the best runs on the Daredevil comics—Miller's for sure, but also writer Brian Michael Bendis' long stretch, and writer Mark Waid's recent award-winning take—include moments of levity and passion mostly missing from DeKnight and company's cooler spin. The people in charge of this show are hardly hacks. Even viewers who aren't aware of Spartacus or Angel should recognize some fine writing in scenes like the one where Matt's senses are overwhelmed by the sound of a city in pain, or when he explains that he perceives the world as sensory fragments that he arranges into “an impressionistic painting.” But it's hard to ignore that, liberated from the demands of advertisers and weekly ratings, Daredevil's creative team has produced something with very little sense of urgency.
Netflix's Daredevil is the first of a block of interconnected streaming series set in Marvel's Cinematic Universe. (Daredevil's most overt nod to the MCU comes early, when Matt and Foggy talk about renting an office on a street heavily damaged by The Avengers' big battle.) All of the upcoming shows look to be in the same gritty, martial-arts-dotted, noir-inflected vein—which means they may all end up being a lot like Daredevil. That'll probably be okay with most Marvel fans, given that there are plenty of the comics' flavor and just enough thrilling action in this initial effort.
Advertisement
But Daredevil's opening credits—which show the hero's eventual costume being formed from what looks like molten wax—promises something with a little more sense of play, that doesn't try so hard to be heavy. Maybe by episode 13, that more confident, enjoyable Daredevil will finally emerge. And maybe the rest of Netflix's MCU shows will follow from there, ready to prove their maturity through taut narratives, not just raw violence.
Now that Tony Romo is out of the picture, the Denver Broncos' quarterback job is up for grabs between Trevor Siemian and Paxton Lynch.
Although coach Vance Joseph has preached an open competition between the incumbent starter and the 2016 first-round draft pick, Siemian remains the favorite to be under center in Week 1.
After speaking with Joseph, NFL Network's James Palmer told Omar Ruiz of Up to the Minute Live that Siemian has the "upper hand" entering the offseason program.
Siemian might have been widely viewed as a pet project of former coach Gary Kubiak, but the new coach has been impressed after taking an in-depth look at the 2016 game film.
Despite subpar pass protection and an inconsistent ground attack, the Broncos coaching staff believes "he played very well last season," Palmer added. "They believe he played at a higher level than many assume."
Joseph went a step further, maintaining that Siemian didn't get the credit he deserved in league circles.
The high praise didn't end there, either. Joseph also raved about Siemian's intelligence and intangibles.
"Players want to play for him," Joseph told Palmer. "They want to win for him."
Joseph has taken a different view of the raw but talented Lynch, pointing to leadership, studying and understanding the offensive system as areas in need of improvement.
If Lynch does make significant strides in those areas, he can turn this into a legitimate battle by training camp.
From the tone of Joseph's comments, though, it certainly doesn't appear that Siemian has lost any ground since December. Palmer reported at the time that the former seventh-round pick was regarded inside Broncos headquarters as the likely starter for the next couple of seasons.
Photos by Alexey Alexeyev.
During the restoration work in the Assumption Cathedral built in early XV century in Zvenigorod Russian archaeologists found numerous birds' nests built throughout several centuries under the decayed roof. Researchers were surprised when during the decomposition of the nests they started finding paper documents from different periods in the addition to birds' bones and eggshells. In particular, they found XVIII century manuscripts and notes from early XIX century.
Generations of birds were carefully bringing papers to create comfort in their homes. Sometimes they were obtained by the theft: jackdaws and swifts were not only taking people's litter but also securities – promissory notes, bills of sale, banknotes.
There are even pieces of banknotes for 1000 rubles – a fortune at the time. Various printed materials are preserved the best in these old nests: scraps of pre-revolutionary newspapers, candy wrappers, recipes, tickets, packaging, etc.
Crown and magistrates courts across England and Wales were emptied of lawyers on Monday morning as criminal barristers and solicitors walked out in protest over government plans to cut legal aid.
The unprecedented action led to all but one of the 18 courts at the Old Bailey in central London being deserted or locked as hearings were postponed or cancelled.
Barristers, in their wigs and gowns, and solicitors waved placards opposing the cuts as they gathered outside the entrances to courts in London, Manchester, Liverpool, Leeds, Preston, Birmingham, Newcastle, Winchester, Bristol and Cardiff.
The Ministry of Justice claimed there had only been minimal disruption, but many judges and court clerks, anticipating the boycott, had rescheduled cases until 2pm when lawyers returned to work.
The half-day demonstration, the first time barristers have taken such action in legal history, was aimed at forcing the justice secretary, Chris Grayling, into a last-minute rethink of proposals designed to save £220m a year from the criminal legal aid budget.
Nigel Lithman QC, chairman of the Criminal Bar Association, said that if few cases had been cancelled it was due to advance warning. "I have been told by a number of judges that they have done what they can do to facilitate our half-day of action," he said.
"There has been a very large response by barristers. We had 150 people outside the court in Southwark, in south London, 150 in Manchester, 90 in Preston and many more in other cities. The legal aid minister, Shailesh Vara, claimed that the average figures for criminal barristers' earnings was £84,000, but the government's own figures published this month show that on average legal aid baristers were earning £50,000 in fees a year – and after VAT, chambers fees and other expenses that's equivalent to a taxable income of £32,000."
Outside the Old Bailey, Mukul Chawla, QC, said the cuts would be socially divisive and would have "a disproportionate impact on those who want to work in the profession who come from disadvantaged backgrounds".
Reading a statement on behalf of the south-eastern circuit outside the central criminal court, Chawla said "the raid on legal aid" would mean "the guilty go unpunished and the innocent are wrongly convicted".
More than 50 barristers joined the protest at the Old Bailey, where 10 new trials and six ongoing trials were disrupted, including a murder case, a hearing involving an alleged sex ring and the phone-hacking trial.
Another barrister, Ed Vickers, said the damage caused by the cuts would be long term. "What we are really concerned about is the effect on justice in five, 10 or 15 years' time," he explained. "Who is going to prosecute the murder, rape, terrorist cases because talented and able people are not going to join the criminal bar because they cannot afford to?"
He said barristers, like many students, are saddled with huge debt before they can practise, with some carrying loans of up to £70,000 before they secure a tenancy in a chamber.
Former director of public prosecutions Lord Macdonald condemned the cuts, saying: "These are people who are working extremely hard for low incomes and 30% cuts on top of that, in circumstances where the legal aid budget was underspent by £56m last year, seems unreasonable," he said. "I fear that Mr Grayling is in danger of destroying something that he doesn't fully understand, which is a criminal justice system which is as good as any in the world, which is fair and which supports people who don't have money as well as people who do."
The shadow justice secretary, Sadiq Khan, said: "No one wants to see disruption in our courts but this unprecedented action shows how relations between the legal profession and David Cameron's government have collapsed as a result of policies which could restrict access to our courts to only those who can afford it."
Frances Cook, the chief executive of the Howard League for Penal Reform, addressed a protest outside Westminster magistrates court. "Abolition of legal aid for prisoners, including teenagers and mothers separated from their babies, is politically motivated and not based on hard financial sense," she said. "It will mean people spend months, or even years, longer in jail unnecessarily because they will no longer get legal support to get the courses they need in prison and to move through the prison maze."
Outside Bristol crown court, barrister Ramin Pakrooh said the cuts would mean the guilty would walk free and the innocent would be punished. "For the last six years, the government has slashed legal aid funding," he said. "It is about to do so again. In real terms, for barristers who do criminal legal aid work, that will amount to a 41% cut."
Outside Southwark crown court, Ashitey Ollennu, a criminal barrister with 33 years' experience, said: "I originally come from Ghana and the legal system there is based on British justice. We take pride in British justice but these cuts are going to destroy it."
Giles Newell, a barrister who has been practising for seven years, was among the protesters. "We are fed up. We have been silent too long. There's a perception in the Ministry of Justice that we are all fat cats. It's misleading," he said.
The Bar Standards Board warned that any barristers who stay away from court would almost certainly be in breach of their professional code of conduct with "very serious consequences".
The Ministry of Justice insisted barristers working full-time on taxpayer-funded criminal work were on average paid £84,000 in fee income last year. The department also pointed out that more than 1,200 barristers carrying out taxpayer-funded criminal work received £100,000 in fee income last year. Six were paid more than £500,000 in fee income.
An MoJ spokesperson said: "At around £2bn a year we have one of the most expensive legal aid systems in the world, and it would remain very generous even after reform … We entirely agree lawyers should be paid fairly for their work, and believe our proposals do just that. We also agree legal aid is a vital part of our justice system – that's why we have to find efficiencies to ensure it remains sustainable and available to those most in need of a lawyer."
A spokesperson for Her Majesty's Courts and Tribunal Service said: "The impact was limited and manageable. Ninety-five per cent of listed magistrates' courtrooms sat, as did 73% of crown courtrooms."
• This article was amended on 7 January 2014. An earlier version misspelled Mukul Chawla's name as Mugul Chawla.
Image copyright BrewmanParkour Image caption Nye Newman died on the Paris Metro on New Year's Day
An "inspirational" British free runner has died after a "train accident" on the Paris Metro.
Nye Frankie Newman, from Aldershot in Hampshire, died on 1 January, his parkour group said.
The 17-year-old was a keen participant of the sport, in which people climb and jump over obstacles and buildings.
Luke Stones, a fellow member of the Brewman parkour group, rejected suggestions Mr Newman had been "train-surfing" at the time of his death.
The cause of Mr Newman's death is not yet known.
A spokesman for the Foreign Office said: "We are providing support to the family of a British national following their death in France."
'Inspired many'
Mr Stones described Mr Newman as "an incredible human being who was always up for anything" and "experienced things in his short life that many won't experience in their lifetimes".
He said his friend always gave a "positive outlook to any situation" and "inspired so many people through his enthusiastic lifestyle".
Image copyright BremanParkour Image caption Nye Newman visited Hong Kong and China in 2016
Image copyright BrewmanParkour Image caption A tribute to Nye Newman is being organised in his home town of Guildford
Photos posted on social media showed Mr Newman leaping between buildings in Hong Kong and somersaulting on the Giant's Causeway in Northern Ireland.
Joe Groombridge, from Aldershot, wrote on Facebook: "Devastated to hear this. Had the pleasure of knowing Nye Frankie Newman for a number of years and from a young age he was always wild and eccentric with so much to give.
"Stories I've heard of his travels tell me he lived his life in the exact same way inspiring people across the world doing what he loved most. Taken too soon, RIP."
'Hectic year'
James Dickson wrote: "Such an inspirational guy has just lost his life, it's such a shock and just shows us that life is delicate, Nye lived his life to the fullest and will be missed by many, rest in peace man."
On New Year's Eve, Mr Newman posted on Facebook: "2016: Greece, Morocco, Spain, France, Czech Republic, Switzerland, Northern Ireland, Germany, Denmark, Italy, Finland, China, the Philippines, Hong Kong and the Netherlands.
"It's been a hectic year full of lots of mental memories."
An event is being organised in his memory in Guildford in March.
A woman claiming to be a Puerto Rican police officer has accused San Juan's mayor and Puerto Rico's governor of holding back supplies in order to make for better photo opportunities.
The woman, who did not give her name, told New York radio station Mega 97.9 on Thursday that Governor Ricardo Rossello and Mayor Carmen Yulin Cruz were refusing to cut through bureaucracy.
That was leading to people starving to death and turning to murder to seize supplies for their families, she claimed.
'We want the US to come in, the strongest forces to come in, and take the governor out,' the officer said in Spanish. 'He is not doing anything, he is just going around and around.'
Scroll down for video
A woman claiming to be a Puerto Rican cop told a New York radio show that officials there were holding back on handing out supplies because they only wanted photo-opportunities - and demanded the US come in to take over
The woman - who did not provide proof of being a cop - said that she was calling from Guynabo, a municipality that borders San Juan.
Supposedly speaking through an app that took an hour and a half to download, she claimed that supplies had been piling up since Hurricane Maria hit, but were not being distributed.
'The mayor, Carmen Yulin, is not allowing anyone to distribute,' she said, audibly upset. 'We need... what us Puerto Ricans need is that the US armed forces come in and distribute the aid.'
She also demanded that they 'stop Governor Rossello,' adding 'It's an abuse, it looks like Communism, on our own island' before breaking into tears.
The officer didn't make it clear in what capacity she worked as a cop, or how she was aware of the politicians' motivations.
But she said that they were lying that the aid could not be distributed due to licensing problems or a lack of buses.
'There are thousands and thousands of items of food, and when people ask we cannot give anything away because Carmen Yulin says that we cannot take anything out,' she said.
Supplies and money have been donated by US volunteers such as these men, and foreign individuals. The supposed cop - who did not give her name - said it was all tied up in red tape.
She claimed that San Juan Mayor Carmen Yulin Cruz (left) and Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello (right) were not fighting bureaucracy unless they could be sure of good press
Yulin Cruz and Rossello claimed that a lack of manpower and gasoline meant that trucks were unable to distribute goods; Rossello on Sunday said fuel was inbound over the next two days
'Everything is a soap opera, everything is a show, there have to be cameras here and there because, you know, they are just looking for votes in the coming years.
'And the governor won't move unless there is a camera behind him, Carmen Yulin won't move unless there is a camera behind her.'
She also lambasted the government for turning down aid from Cuba and Venezuela, and said that people were killing each other over gasoline so they could be the first to get supplies for their families.
The call and its details could not be verified.
Yulin Cruz herself has blamed the Trump administration for dragging its heels about getting aid to the island.
She said that a lack of manpower was resulting in a bottleneck as goods waited in ports without enough people to hand them out across the island.
Responding to a remark by acting Homeland Security Secretary Elaine Duke that the response was a 'good news story,' Yulin Cruz said: 'This is, damn it, this is not a good news story.
'This is a "people are dying" story. This is a "life or death" story. This is "there's a truckload of stuff that cannot be taken to people" story. This is a story of a devastation that continues to worsen.'
Trump has dismissed her as a 'politically motivated ingrate' and said that claims that the White House had not responded fast enough were 'fake news.' On Sunday he dedicated a golf win to the victims on the island.
Whatever the reason, the situation in Puerto Rico is dire.
Donald Trump dashed off three tweets insisting that the federal government had done a good job assisting Puerto Rico, blasting 'politically motivated ingrates' for suggesting otherwise
Queues can stretch from the tens to the hundreds as people try to get vital goods. Rossello promised that goods would be able to be distributed properly from Sunday onward
Relief supplies are sorted into boxes at the Roberto Clemente stadium, San Juan, on September 30. The claims made by the supposed cop could not be verified
For days now, residents have awoken each morning to decide which lifeline they should pursue: gasoline at the few open stations, food and bottled water at the few grocery stores with fuel for generators, or scarce cash at the few operating banks or ATMs.
The pursuit of just one of these essentials can consume an entire day - if the mission succeeds at all - as hordes of increasingly desperate residents wait in 12-hour lines.
Jimenez, a 24-year-old medical student from Ponce, on the island's southern coast, told Reuters: 'Every day we say, "What"s the thing that we need the most today?" and then we wait in a line for that.'
He was speaking on Sunday morning from a 400-person-long line outside a Walmart, where he hoped to be able to pick up his grandmother's blood-thinning medicine.
The store's generator collapsed at noon, causing it to close down before he could even get inside.
On Sunday Rossello told The New York Times that there would be a flood of aid over the next two days thanks to increased numbers of aid workers from the Defense Department and other federal agencies.
More than half a million barrels of diesel fuel and nearly a million barrels of gasoline would reach Puerto Rico between Sunday and Tuesday, Rossello said.
That would then be used to fuel generators and supply vehicles that could be used to distribute food and other aid, he promised.
I have finished my Toy animatronic oc!
Its Croc and his little buddy Dile. I was originally gonna give both of them a different name, but as soon as I thought of naming one Croc and the other Dile to make "Crocodile" I fell in love with the whole idea and kept it.
Also I know a Bow tie isn't very original, but I couldn't think of anything else that they could wear instead, so I just went with giving them a bow tie, while also making the design of the bow tie a little different.
Also I changed Croc's head a tad bit, nothing that major though. The head is just a little less puffed out, along with the snout being a tad bit less wide, and finally his jaw shape is a bit different, probably can't really even notice it tbh unless you were to examin this image and the last image in extreme detail. Of course, Dile is also an edited version of Croc.
Well that description was pretty long compared to before. : P
Fnaf series @ Scott Cawthon
Toy Croc and Dile belong to me.
Modelled by me in blender.
If you thought the TRON Lightcycle was awesome (and expensive) prepare your senses for overload as they take in this Batmobile replica. It's street registered in the US, so if you dream of trying your hand at Batman-style rogue crime fighting, the time is now. In fact, if you do proceed with the financing and down payment, you'll have no choice but to hone your skills of stealth and combat, because every geek, thug, and player in town is going to come after you with various meticulously crafted ploys and fully loaded automatic firearms trying to steal this one-of-a-kind commander of awe, respect, and ass. And if you start to feel guilty about the implications of purchasing a jet turbine-powered behemoth that is as environmentally unfriendly as it is ostentatious, remember this: You are an American. It is not only your right, but your duty to avoid being inconspicuous, flip off the principles of energy conservation, and fly well above the radar.
The federal Liberals have put the kibosh on Porter Airlines' expansion plans, dealing a blow to Bombardier Inc., even as Quebec asks Ottawa to throw the struggling company another lifeline.
New Transport Minister Marc Garneau tweeted Thursday night that Ottawa will not re-open the tripartite agreement that currently bans jets from flying out of the Billy Bishop Toronto City Airport.
As the new Minister of Transport, I have been enjoying learning about my files, including re: Toronto Island Airport” 1/2 — Marc Garneau (@MarcGarneau) November 13, 2015
I confirm that GoC position is same as LPC commitment: we will not re-open tripartite agreement for YTZ 2/2 — Marc Garneau (@MarcGarneau) November 13, 2015
Although the agreement also includes the City of Toronto and the Toronto Port Authority, any amendments require unanimous consent, meaning Ottawa's refusal will likely thwart Porter's plans no matter what the city and port authority think.
Although the agreement also includes the City of Toronto and PortsToronto, any amendments require the unanimous consent of all three signatories, meaning Ottawa's refusal will likely thwart Porter's plans no matter what the city and port authority decide.
This will likely force Porter to cancel its conditional order for up to 30 of Bombardier's struggling CSeries jets — the only order Bombardier has managed to secure from a Canadian customer. The deal would have been worth more than US$2 billion at list prices, if all options were exercised.
It was a quick decision from the new transport minister, appointed only eight days prior, and it appeared to contradict his comments earlier in the day.
“What I'm doing at the moment is examining all of the factors that are involved in this. It's a complex issue, it's one that's been going on for a number of years,” Garneau told reporters in Ottawa following a cabinet meeting Thursday afternoon.
The decision also comes before various studies, including an environmental assessment of the proposal, have been completed.
PortsToronto said it is paying for the studies and is close to completing them, with a plan to provide them to city council and staff by early 2016.
“To date we have received no direct communication from the minister or other representatives of the federal government regarding how the government would like to proceed in this matter and no communication from Toronto City Council that would indicate that the studies are no longer required or that the results are no longer important to its process, constituents and understanding the airport,” spokeswoman Deborah Wilson said in an email.
Several Toronto politicians, led by Liberal MP Adam Vaughan, have opposed the plans, which would have seen Porter extend its runway by 400 metres into Lake Ontario and add the CS100 jets to its existing fleet of Bombardier's Q400 turboprops. One of the primary concerns of Porter's opponents was the spectre of noisy jets flying along Toronto's heavily populated waterfront, even though the CSeries has been confirmed as the quietest commercial jet in its class.
A spokesperson for Porter said the company is assessing the situation and could not comment at this time.
The decision is yet another punch in the gut for struggling Bombardier, which saw its shares fall 7.25 per cent to $1.28 Friday. Porter was one of only two CSeries customers in North America; the other order, from Republic Airways Holdings Inc., is also thought to be at risk as the airline's business model has changed and CEO Bryan Bedford told Bloomberg News last year that “there is no place to operate the CSeries in that model.”
Bombardier did not respond to a request for comment Friday.
Two weeks ago, the Quebec government agreed to give Bombardier a US$1-billion bailout in exchange for a 49.5 per cent stake in a new limited partnership that will take control of the CSeries program, as well as the right to buy up to 200 million Bombardier Class B shares.
Quebec Economy Minister Jacques Daoust has said he'd like to see Ottawa match the province's contribution, but Prime Minister Justin Trudeau replied that it would have to make a “strong business case.”
In an interview earlier this week, Porter CEO Robert Deluce said one of the best ways to make a business case for the CSeries would be allowing a “showcase operation right here on the waterfront that might help with the sale of future CS100s.”
“Our part in terms of helping that process will be to move from a conditional order to a firm order, and we can do that once we have the necessary approvals in place,” Deluce said Tuesday, before Garneau made his decision.
“That will probably go further towards strengthening a company like Bombardier than any other single event.”
Although Deluce was reluctant to discuss the airline's Plan B, he acknowledged that Porter has examined the possibility of operating out of other hubs besides Billy Bishop, including airports in Western Canada.
Airline consultant Robert Kokonis said another option would be for the airline to maintain its existing turboprop operations at Billy Bishop while flying the CSeries out of Toronto's Pearson International Airport.
The Union-Pearson Express train, which started operating earlier this year and runs between downtown and Pearson, would make it relatively easy for Porter passengers to connect between the two airports, said Kokonis, president and managing director of AirTrav Inc.
“A lot of people said initially that the (Union-Pearson) Express would undermine the convenience factor of Porter. Now you could view it as a potential white knight,” Kokonis said.
“I'm sure Porter's people are studying that very carefully. I'm sure they don't want the CSeries order to die.”
kowram@nationalpost.com
twitter.com/@KristineOwram
While the internet provides open access to a vast range of information, scientific research remains largely siloed and inaccessible. Sparrho is trying to solve this by offering a free platform to find and share research publications and patents. The London-based startup today announced funding of $3 million to further develop its product.
From remote sensing in geology to the effect of nutrition on cystic fibrosis, Sparrho claims to list and reference 60 million papers from over 45,000 publications. “We bench above our competitors in terms of the volume of indexed content as well as frequency of updates,” said Sparrho cofounder and CEO Dr. Vivian Chan, in an exclusive interview with VentureBeat. Chan founded the startup in 2013, after completing her PhD in Biochemistry.
The community of one million users across 150 countries includes a network of PhD researchers, academics, students, and curious minds, adds Chan. “To date, users have pinned and shared over 700,000 pieces of scientific content using the platform,” she said, making it a sort of Pinterest for the science community.
To provide quality content, Sparrho vets the sources — whether peer-reviewed journals, established pre-print servers, or official patent repositories. The team then uses both artificial intelligence (AI) and human expertise to curate the content.
The startup monetizes by selling two types of enterprise subscriptions — one for research and development (R&D) teams to further their research and one for marketing teams to boost their brands.
Initiatives like these will hopefully help open up the science community around the world. Elite journals like Cell, Nature, and Science pride themselves on setting extremely high standards of publication, accepting only five to ten percent of submissions. What's more, these publications charge tens of thousands of dollars a year for access to their research papers, says Chan. But she is optimistic.
“We are seeing signs of publishers making some initial moves to improve access to their corpus due to increasing pressure from funding bodies,” she said. “It's important to remember that we're talking about research that is by and large funded by tax payers or philanthropic organizations like the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, Wellcome Trust, and the Max Planck Institute, and yet it sits behind commercial paywalls.”
As of January 2017, all research publications that originate from projects funded by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation must be made immediately accessible to anyone.
There are other open access online platforms, like eLife and Frontiers, that have been operational for the past few years. The former was founded by Nobel Laureate Randy Schekman, who famously denounced Cell, Nature, and Science for their selection criteria. The Guardian quoted him as saying: “Just as Wall Street needs to break the hold of bonus culture, so science must break the tyranny of the luxury journals.”
Today's funding combines a seed round of $1.2 million and a pre-Series A round of $1.8 million. Investors include White Cloud Capital, AllBright, and Beast Ventures.
Sparrho currently has 12 employees.
Florida's Escambia County Sheriff David Morgan sees nothing wrong with the fact that officers in his patrol fired 15 shots at an unarmed, 60-year-old black man. The sheriff told CNN that his officers were, in fact, following protocol perfectly.
Roy Middleton was in the driveway of his and his mother's home when he was shot multiple times, as police arrived in the area in response to a 911 call about a suspected car theft. “Right now we are comfortable from a training perspective that our officers did follow standard protocols,” Morgan said. Via Think Progress:
Advertisement:
On Thursday, Morgan defended the officers' actions as standard procedure because Middleton “did not comply.” Asked by CNN's Chris Cuomo how police could justify 15 shots at a 60-year-old man, Morgan said the officers saw a metallic object in Middleton's hand as he made a “lunging movement” toward them. Middleton explained this in his account: He turned around because he thought the entire thing was a practical joke played by a neighbor... The officers are on paid administrative leave, pending an investigation.
In other race-pertinent police news: This week two white NYPD officers were given a slap on the wrist (placed on modified duty) for ordering an off-duty three-star police chief, with his ID around his neck, out of his department vehicle with his hands in the air. The police chief just so happened, like almost 90 percent of the 5 million-plus individuals stopped-and-frisked by the NYPD during Michael Bloomberg's years as mayor, to be black.
FBI director: 'Era of viral videos' may be one reason for violent crime rise
FBI director James Comey has said police anxiety in “the era of viral videos” appears to be part of the reason for rising violent crime in several big US cities.
FBI director says racism not epidemic in police but is 'cultural inheritance' of US Read more
Speaking at a University of Chicago law school forum on Friday night, Comey referred to a spike in violence in cities from Chicago to Dallas. He told several hundred students there could be multiple explanations for an increase in homicides and other violent crimes.
But, he said, officers nationwide had told him they feared the presence of cellphone video everywhere they went.
On Saturday, in response, Amnesty International USA executive director Steven W Hawkins called Comey's words “outrageous” and called for a national review of the use of lethal force laws by police.
In Chicago, Comey said: “Something deeply disturbing is happening in places across America. Far more people are being killed in many American cities, many of them people of color, and it's not the cops doing the killing.
“Part of the explanation is a chill wind that has blown through law enforcement over the last year and that wind is surely changing behavior.
“In today's YouTube world, are officers reluctant to get out of their cars and do the work that controls violent crime?”
In a statement released on Saturday, Hawkins said: “The assertions made by Director Comey are outrageous. By his own admission, these statements are not backed up by data, and there are mixed reports about levels of crime since the heightened scrutiny of police officers began after the protests in Ferguson.”
Hawkins was referring to protests and rioting that occurred in Ferguson, Missouri last year after the decision not to indict a white police officer for shooting dead an unarmed black teen, Michael Brown. A national protest movement, largely under the Black Lives Matter banner, has since grown up around such deaths at the hands of police.
“Rather than making unsubstantiated claims that hinder dialogue and constructive criticism of police practices,” Hawkins continued, “what is urgently needed is an official collection and publication of nationwide statistics on the use of force by police.
“We also need President Obama and the Department of Justice to support the creation of a national commission to conduct a nationwide review of police use of lethal force laws, policies and training and practices, as well as a thorough review and reform of oversight and accountability mechanisms.”
Comey said there were other possible reasons for the jump in crime, but the one that seemed to fit best was a change in police behavior. Part of the change was positive after the national uproar over police killings of unarmed black men, he said, adding that the nation must talk about how and why police use lethal force.
But Comey also said killers must be confronted by a strong police presence involving officers who go out at night and deal with men with guns standing on street corners.
“All of us, civilian and law enforcement, white, black, and Latino, have an interest in that kind of policing,” Comey said. “We need to be careful it doesn't drift away from us in the age of viral videos, or there will be profound consequences.”
It makes sense to debate the causes of dropping crime rates over recent decades but people cannot lose sight of the role of law enforcement in saving lives, he said.
Falling crime has led to debate over lengthy sentences for some non-violent criminals and the huge numbers of African American men in prison.
Comey said that sentencing reform should be debated but questioned rhetoric about “mass incarceration”.
“Yes, we put a lot of people in jail, but at the same time lives were transformed and lives were saved,” he said.
Comey's comments echoed Chicago mayor Rahm Emanuel, who recently said Chicago police officers were going “fetal”, pulling back and second-guessing themselves for fear that scrutiny of their actions would get them into serious trouble.
The notion of "making a good match," a staple of the writings of Jane Austen and Henry James, continues in contemporary romance novels. At the same time, income inequality commands increasing attention from economists. Lately we've been learning just how much these two topics are tied together.
These days, an investment banker may marry another investment banker rather than a high school sweetheart, or a lawyer will marry another lawyer, or a prestigious client, rather than a secretary. Whether measured in terms of income or education, there are more so-called power couples today than in the past, one manifestation of a phenomenon known as assortative mating, or more generally the pairing of like with like.
The epitome of a modern power couple: international lawyer Amal Alamuddin and her actor husband George Clooney. Credit:Getty Images
These matches are great for those individuals who can build prosperous and happy family alliances, but they also propagate inequality across the generations. Of all the causes behind growing income inequality, in the longer run this development may prove one of the most significant and also one of the hardest to counter.
For instance, the achievement gap between children from rich and poor families is higher today than it was 25 years ago, according to a recent study from the Pew Research Centre. Furthermore, higher income and educational inequality increase the incentive to seek out a good marriage match, so the process may become self-reinforcing.
Apart from its health and nutrition benefits this grain has a distinctive taste and can be used as a base for delicious and unusual dishes. We would like to share with you a recipe for one of them. Just don't forget to soak your millet for at least 30 minutes before you cook it!
Millet is one of the lesser-known ancient grains, that is just gaining popularity among health conscious people. Because of its unique properties, millet is especially attractive for those who are looking for gluten-free options. While in the Western part of the world millet is still not very common in the kitchens, in many Asian countries it's been used for thousands of years – in fact, the oldest discovered noodles in the world were found in China, and they were made from millet flour!
Step 1. Put 1 cup of millet in 2 cups of boiling water and boil for about 15 minutes – until water evaporates completely. Note that millet will increase in size when it is cooked.
Step 2. Put one spoon of ghee (or vegetable oil of choice) in a pan, then add chopped onion and ginger. Fry the mixture for about 2 minutes until onions are slightly transparent.
Step 3. Add the remaining chopped vegetables to the pan, all at once. Cook for a few minutes until carrots are slightly soft. Vegetables shouldn't be overcooked, they should remain slightly raw.
Step 4. When vegetables are ready, add chopped tomato, salt and tumeric to the pan. Mix everything together and add millet. Mix everything together once again and cook for the last 3 minutes.
Step 5. Switch off the gas and squeeze half a lemon on top of the millet. Your dish is ready!
Before serving you can garnish your millet upma with fresh herbs of your choice – to us, parsley tastes the best!
Come to Spandau! The Fascists want to walk through our city and the working-class neighborhood of Spandau in just a few hours under shameful slogans. They demand “revenge for Hess,” an idiot and genocidal fascist, who died at an undeserved 93 years.
Yesterday was one of the world's most important commemorations of a death. 73 years ago yesterday, Hitler's fascists murdered Ernst Thälmann, the unyielding, communist leader of the German working class. On this day of his martyrdom we performed an unannounced demonstration with torches in front of his memorial in Thälmann Park in Berlin, read a speech on his life and work, and concluded with the slogans “Glory and Honor to the Martyrs!”, “Your legacy, Our struggle – Youth, let us Resist! ” and “Ernst Thälmann lives on in the struggle!”.
We swear we will avenge him and all of our movement's martyrs. Vengeance is in the struggle! Everyone to Spandau, let us fight the fascist rats, the mortal enemies of the working class and of the people!
Hatred and death to reaction!
Vengeance for Thälmann!
Over the years, I've found that many people don't seem to realize that the vast majority of malignancies aren't palpable and don't create symptoms for several years, and sometimes decades. This is a critical point to understand, as our choices today are unmistakeably what determine our risk for cancer and most chronic diseases in the years ahead - even thirty, forty, fifty years ahead.
When looking to understand the pace at which cancer grows and spreads, the main concept to consider is doubling time, which is the amount of time it takes for one cell to divide or for a group of cells (like a benign or malignant tumor) to double in size.
Doubling time is different for various tumours, but if you know the size of a tumor at two different points in its lifespan, you can calculate doubling time with the following online resource: Doubling Time.
To put this idea into numbers, let's say that a 1 millimeter mass is detected within lung tissue on a CT scan. If this same mass is measured to be 15 millimeters two years later, doubling time for this mass is 62 days.
Here's the take-home point: a 1 millimeter cluster of cancerous cells typically contains somewhere in the ball park of a million cells, and on average, takes about six years to get to this size. Generally, a tumor can't be detected until it reaches the 1 millimeter mark.
So to develop a mass that is likely to be problematic (say, about 5 centimeters to put a number to this example), make no mistake in understanding that this is a journey of many years.
To put it another way, a person doesn't go from being relatively healthy to having cancer suddenly appear and spread throughout his body within a few months or even a year. To have a growth that is visible to the eye or cancer that has metastasized, generally, it's scientifically sound to state that the cancerous mass began developing many years ago.
I like to share this information with clients because I find that it tends to heighten awareness of how important today's food and lifestyle choices are in determining our risk for disease in the future.
It's simple: what we do today determines our risk for disease tomorrow.
With this thought in mind, we can strive to apply the following guidelines to our daily choices to reduce risk of most chronic, degenerative conditions, including almost all types of cancer:
I think it's worth noting that the concept of cancer growth happening at a predictable pace applies to all major types of chronic disease. Risk of a cerebrovascular accident (stroke) is determined by how healthy our blood vessels and blood pressure are over decades, not by a sudden transient spike in pressure. Risk of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease is determined by all of the substances that our lungs have been exposed to since day one. And so on and so forth.
Please consider sharing this post with family and friends who are under the illusion that cancer and other chronic diseases are mostly a matter of bad luck. Certainly, there are situations where genetic predispositions and environmental circumstances are not ideal, but in most cases, we can reduce overall risk by being mindful of our daily choices.
WHAT kind of armed forces does Britain need? In a dangerous and unpredictable world, how should the country spend its shrinking defence budget? Worryingly, it has put off answering these questions—and time for thinking is short. The next 18 months could determine whether the country remains a global military power or settles for inexorable military decline and growing irrelevance to its French and American allies.
In 2010 a new Conservative-led coalition government took an axe to defence, as it did to much other state spending. The Ministry of Defence's budget was trimmed by 8%. On top of that, the department had to close a £45.6 billion ($76.2 billion) hole in the equipment budget, which had been mismanaged by the previous, Labour, government. Then the Treasury shifted the costs of running and upgrading Britain's nuclear arsenal to the ministry. All told, the defence budget had to be cut by about a quarter—while Britain was still maintaining a large force in Afghanistan.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Along with this savage pruning came a hopeful vision of the armed forces. By 2020, it was hoped, Britain would have fewer infantry but a bigger, more potent reserve force. Though armoured vehicles and artillery would be cut, the country would have some fine equipment, including two new aircraft carriers and stealthy F-35 fighter jets to fly from them.
What the military establishment did not do—hardly surprisingly, given the urgent challenge of hacking back the defence budget—was to think seriously about the threats Britain was likely to face and what it could realistically accomplish. A national security strategy, published at the same time as the spending review, boasted that Britain's strategic ambition was in no way diminished by the savaging of the defence budget. This seemed Panglossian at the time and has become more so as the Treasury continues to nibble at spending.
Strategy is not about having a perfect, comprehensive plan—an impossible goal. Rather, it involves working out the likelihood that the country will face various threats, and reshaping the military as far as limited resources allow so that it can adapt to deal with them.
Threats there are aplenty. Since the Arab spring, the arc of instability that is the Middle East and north Africa has worsened, menacing Europe. Meanwhile America is pivoting towards Asia. The Pentagon increasingly expects Europe—meaning mostly Britain and France—to look after security in its own neighbourhood.
Britain is little prepared for this. Like other Western countries, it continues to give too high a priority to fighting a war against a sophisticated adversary—something it is unlikely to have to do, Russia's thuggish behaviour in Ukraine notwithstanding. Britain gives too low a priority to the dangers posed by failing states and religious and ethnic struggles across Africa and the Middle East that are far more complex and wide-ranging than simply the export of terrorism.
Cuts to the armed forces have been strategically incoherent. David Cameron, the prime minister, promises to increase funding for military equipment by 1% a year in real terms after 2015. But the deep reductions to the Ministry of Defence's budget, combined with the ever-rising cost of training and equipping a soldier, mean manpower is being slashed. The chief of the defence staff, General Sir Nick Houghton, has warned that Britain could end up with what Americans call a “hollow force”—an exquisitely equipped military that is short of trained men.
The pity of war
The political background is just as troubling. The British public admires its armed forces but seems increasingly reluctant to use them. Engagements in Iraq and Afghanistan have convinced people that interventions abroad are likely to turn into bloody, expensive failures. A vote in the House of Commons last August rejecting British participation in an American-led air strike on Syria reflected that mood. Political leaders have little appetite for trying to persuade the public that capable armed forces are essential to Britain's future.
So there is an urgent need for a serious restatement of national strategy that could create a political consensus and inform Britain's next strategic defence and security review (SDSR), due in 18 months. According to Paul Cornish, professor of strategic studies at Exeter University and an adviser to Sir Nick, this has yet to start. Nor is there much sign of direction from the top.
James Arbuthnot, the Tory chairman of the Commons defence committee, worries about government foot-dragging on the national security strategy. He says there is a “crisis of misunderstanding” about the value of the armed forces to the country. Mr Arbuthnot's committee has urged the government to publish the new national security strategy well in advance of the SDSR. But Philip Hammond, the defence secretary, warns of the dangers of setting strategy without knowing how much money will be available to carry it through.
That points to another problem: political timing. The general election is scheduled for May 2015; the SDSR should be published five months later in October. Any work undertaken now will have to be finished off by a new government which might not feel bound by its predecessor's decisions. Yet if the review does not start soon, it will be rushed and more likely to reach ill-considered conclusions.
The big problem, says Sir Hew Strachan, professor of the history of war at Oxford University, is that Westminster and Whitehall do not think strategically. Following the attack on the World Trade Centre in 2001, the concentration on terrorism as the principal existential threat facing the nation robbed British defence policy of coherence and credibility.
The solution should have been the national security council, established in 2010, which now has a secretariat of about 200 people sitting in the Cabinet Office. It is led by a national security adviser, Sir Kim Darroch, a foreign office mandarin. But critics say he and his team default to a civil service mentality that tends to be tactical rather than strategic.
Sir Hew argues the national security council has been a disappointment. In a recent book, “The Direction of War”, he argues that it fails to tackle crucial issues like the restructuring of the British army, and “prioritises the short-term and operational over the long-term and strategic.” Its secretariat lacks military expertise. Andrew Dorman, professor of international security at King's College London, thinks the national security adviser should be a big-hitting political figure with cabinet rank rather than a civil servant, even though departmental ministers might not like it.
For now the process seems rudderless. When Mr Cameron was asked a few weeks ago who would be in charge of the strategy review, the man known as the “essay-crisis prime minister” for his tendency to take decisions at the last minute said that he would lead it. But he has shown no inclination to start the process.
With its geography, history and open economy, Britain knows that its prosperity and security depend on the rules-based international order and being willing to uphold it when it is threatened. The 2015 SDSR is an opportunity to bring together the elements required for a modern national strategy to do this. As things stand, it seems likely to be squandered.
It may not be moving very quickly, but NASA's Mars rover Curiosity is taking advantage of what few areas it has had access to, including Rocknest where it has possibly made a discovery of a potential energy source for life.
Called perchlorates, they are a class of salts that could be a building block for microorganisms on the planet and have been identified in the past by Mars-exploring robots in other regions of its surface.
"We know of microbes on the Earth that actually use perchlorate as an energy source," Archer told Space.com.
Furthermore, perchlorates, as the site explains, are "a sensitive marker of past climate and can lead to the formation of liquid brines under current conditions on the planet."
Should the windblown dust and sand prove to contain them, the discovery would be significant in proving that the material may in fact be distributed throughout the planet.
The possible discovery was first realized by Doug Archer, a scientist with the Astromaterials Research and Exploration Science Directorate of NASA's Johnson Space Center located in Houston, Texas.
Archer's first clues that perchlorates were present came from four recently analyzed samples from Curiosity's location in Rocknest. The samples were harvested using the rover's Sample Analysis at Mars (SAM) Instrument suite.
"When we heated this up, we saw a large oxygen release at the same time we saw the release of these chlorinated hydrocarbons," Archer explained at the 44th annual Lunary and Planetary Science Conference in The Woodlands, Texas,
All of this goes to validate discoveries by past robots, including Sojourner, Spirit and Opportunity, both Viking landers and the Mars Odyssey spacecraft -- all of whom detected chlorine in the planet's soil.
However, Archer explained that he does not believe that all chlorine on Mars takes the form of perchlorates. He does believe, though, "that at least some of the chlorine at all of these locations is present as perchlorate."
What's more, there is a reason, as he further points out, to hope that that he could be wrong.
"Perchlorate makes organic detection very difficult because it releases a lot of oxygen," he said. "So that's something that life detection and organic detection missions really have to worry about."
“KBS Cool FM” DJ Park Myung Soo made a special announcement during his award acceptance speech.
On December 24, the 2016 KBS Entertainment Awards took place at the Yeouido Park in Seoul, where Park Myung Soo was named the winner of the Radio DJ Award.
Being the only radio DJ present at the ceremony, the comedian and DJ cracked the audience up when he pretended to be surprised at the announcement.
In true Park Myung Soo fashion, he stated during his speech, “I'm really good at being a radio DJ. As you all know, we have been receiving more messages and more people like our show now than ever before. I also often hear that I have a good voice. I might have to appear on radio as much as I do on television. And I think that will happen soon.”
He continued, “Radio shows feel human. The radio adds an analog touch to today's digital age. Thank you to our listeners.”
He expressed his gratitude to his show's staff, as well as the heads of KBS and added, “I don't think I have another opportunity to accept an award, so I'll say this now.”
He revealed the good news, saying, “At 47 years old, I'm going to have a second child. I've never been happier in my life. I'm very happy. My wife is pregnant at a late age and she is resting at home with morning sickness. I feel so bad that it makes me tear up. I love Min Seo, my wife, and our future child so much. Honey, I'll be supporting you a lot along the way. Thank you so much.”
Congratulations to Park Myung Soo for the award and for the new addition to his family!
Source (1)
Who is the greatest captain of all time? From Aug. 18-29, ESPN FC will reveal its 10-man shortlist of the finest skippers to have graced the game before conducting a vote for the winner. The result will be revealed on Sept. 1.
"Drive 'em, Roy. Drive 'em."
One of the oddities of football spectating is that you may never know the name of the chap who sits in front of you for season upon season. However, those who sat in the Stretford End Lower during Manchester United's golden period of the late 90s would recognise that refrain. The bespectacled and balding chap, usually first to lose patience when his beloved Reds loosened standards, summed up Roy Keane consummately while he flew into his habitual rages. Drive was what made Keane perhaps the greatest of all United captains.
"Fail to prepare, prepare to fail," was the motto Keane would repeat to those colleagues he felt were not working hard enough in training -- which was usually all of them. Failure was never an option. "This man was not just a strength in the team; he was the team," as United legend Sir Bobby Charlton said last year.
Roy Keane Teams captained: Manchester United, Celtic, Republic of Ireland. Trophies won: Premier League (seven times); FA Cup (1994, 1996, 1999, 2004); Champions League (1999); Intercontinental Cup (1999); SPL (2006); Scottish League Cup (2006).
The purity of Keane's vision was undiluted. Total commitment. Unrelenting effort. A refusal to give up on even the most minor of causes. Keane led by example, in that, with two minutes to play in a game already won, he would throw himself into a tackle to win a throw-in on the halfway line. He ruled by fear, too. The veins on his cropped cranium would strain as he barked orders. All of his teammates felt the lash of his unlimited stridency, no matter their star status, as did Sir Alex Ferguson, until, the years having curbed Keane's effectiveness, there was a bust-up too far. Even Ferguson was afraid of Keane.
"The hardest part of Roy's body is his tongue,'' Ferguson wrote of their final parting in last year's autobiography. "It was frightening to watch. And I'm from Glasgow.''
When Ferguson turned to Keane in the summer of 1997 to be the captain to succeed Eric Cantona, eyebrows were raised. The Irish midfielder was already United's beating heart, but he was a firebrand with a taste for a night out and no stranger to a red card. The doubters had their case enhanced when just weeks into his captaincy, Keane wrenched his cruciate in trying to lash out at Leeds United's Alf Inge-Haaland, an incident that would have an aftershock for some years to come.
"Roy Keane with a captain's goal for Manchester United," exalted ITV commentator Clive Tyldesley. In Juventus' Stadio Delle Alpi, Keane had just headed United back into their Champions League semifinal in April 1999. Eighteen months from his knee operation, he delivered the finest performance of his club career -- Irishmen say his performance against Portugal in 2001 surpassed it -- and performed selflessly, having received a booking he knew would keep him from playing in the final. Juve's midfield, featuring the Olympian talents of Edgar Davids and Zinedine Zidane, was dominated by Keane, who snapped into tackles, dictated the tempo and inspired his club's finest ever performance on European soil. The hero's verdict was professional to the last. "I did all right," he demurred.
His manager, writing later that year in 1999's "Managing My Life," was unstinting in praise. "I didn't think I could have a higher opinion of any footballer than I already had of the Irishman but he rose even further in my estimation at the Stadio Delle Alpi," said Ferguson. "It was the most emphatic display of selflessness I have seen on a football field. ... I felt it was an honour to be associated with such a player."
Keane was never blessed with the talents of colleagues like Paul Scholes and Ryan Giggs. Beyond tackling and heading, he was a 7 out of 10 at most footballing facets, yet his levels of consistency would almost always outstrip his colleagues, as would his unbending strength of character. Brian Clough, the manager who brought him to English football with Nottingham Forest, recognised his fearlessness when giving him a league debut in 1990 at champions Liverpool, when the teenager had been in England for mere weeks. "The only thing he didn't confront or tackle at Nottingham Forest was me," wrote Clough in his 2003 autobiography.
Roy Keane lifted the Premier League titles seven times with Manchester United.
Clough was past his brilliant best when Keane worked with him at Forest, but Ferguson was at his peak at the exact time Keane hit his own playing heights. Keane embodied Ferguson's message, his competitive spirit burning just as brightly as his indomitable boss. "He mirrors the manager on the pitch," said Steve McClaren, Ferguson's assistant from 1998 to 2001. "They are winners."
Until their schism, Ferguson would always defend his skipper when Keane's drive veered into a dangerous territory of disgrace. Their bond seemed unbreakable in 2002 when Ferguson went to bat for him, warding off a media whirlwind that saw Keane being sent home from Ireland's 2002 World Cup camp in Saipan, as well as an autobiographical admittance he had set out for revenge on Haaland in a 2001 Manchester derby. The following summer saw the pair celebrate their last Premier League title together, but Keane was already beginning to lose what had made him so inspirational. Hip and knee problems had reduced his engine capacity. The lung-burning bursts from defence to attack were now impossible.
"I just felt over the last couple of years with the younger players at United, I was losing that influence," Keane told the Sunday Times Magazine in 2006. "They were the ones smelling blood. In terms of dominating, I was definitely losing it. I was always my own judge, sometimes harsh, but in the end, I wasn't quite at the races."
Beyond a short, injury-hit five-month spell at Celtic, Keane's final playing contribution was to suffer a broken foot in a September 2005 draw at Anfield. His United departure resulted from a never-shown MUTV appearance in which he coated off colleagues for a 4-1 defeat at Middlesbrough. Though they were now enemies, Ferguson paid Keane the compliment of never seeking to directly replace him.
In truth, no player could ever replicate Keane's irresistible drive.
John Brewin is a staff writer for ESPN FC. Follow him on Twitter @JohnBrewinESPN.
Looking for Global Warming? Check the Ocean
We tend to focus on land surface temperatures, because, well, that's where we live. And human greenhouse gas emissions have ensured their steady rise since the start of the Industrial Revolution, punctuated by 2014 setting the record for hottest year.
But surface heat is but a fraction of the climate change equation. Only 7 percent of the heat being trapped by greenhouse gases is sticking around in the surface and atmosphere of the planet. The other 93 percent? That's ending up in the ocean, though some scientists expect some of that heat will eventually find its way back to the surface and trigger even more warming.
Research indicates that since 1970, the world's oceans have absorbed 251 zettajoules of energy. But zettajoules are a pretty esoteric way of talking about heat. In more relatable terms, just one zettajoule would be enough to power 25 billion average American homes for a year. Or put another way, the average annual energy absorbed by the upper ocean alone equals 43 times the amount of energy the U.S. consumed in 2012, the most recent year with data available. Either way, we're talking a whole lot of heat.
“We continue to be stunned at how rapidly the ocean is warming,” Sarah Gille, a Scripps Institution of Oceanography professor, told Climate Central last year.
Not only has the ocean been absorbing more heat than the surface of the earth, it's been absorbing ever greater quantities of it. Earlier this year, the ocean's heat literally went off the charts. The y-axis on a graphic that the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration uses to measure ocean heat wasn't high enough to accomodate the latest measurements. Luckily, it was an easy fix to just add a few more zettajoules to the axis.
Unfortunately it won't be quite as easy to fix the ocean, which has a long memory. It will take decades or even centuries after humans stop burning fossil fuels and emitting greenhouse gases for the ocean to reach equilibrium. In the meantime, all that extra stored heat will cause seawater to expand, raising sea levels, and altering the ecosystems that marine plants and animals have adapted to for eons.
You May Also Like:
China Can Cut Cord on Coal (Mostly) by 2050
Major Changes Loom in Arctic as U.S. Leads Council
2015 Hottest Year to Date, Could Top 2014 Record
U.S. Greenhouse Gas Emissions Spiked 2 Percent in 2013
[dropshadowbox align=”center” effect=”horizontal-curve-bottom” width=”fullpx” height=”” background_color=”#ffffff” border_width=”1″ border_color=”#dddddd” ]Thank you for visiting A Voice for Male Students. This website was walled off during the latter half of June 2015. Here is what is new in AVFMS 2.0. If you like the work we've done, please consider donating or joining us so we can expand![/dropshadowbox]
[ut_service_column color=”#0d007d” icon=”fa-line-chart” headline=”A change in trajectory” width=”full” last=”true”] [/ut_service_column]
Welcome to A Voice for Male Students 2.0. I hope you are liking the change in scenery. The change is more than just a facelift, however. We are changing from a blogging-oriented model to a service-oriented model. While we will still be publishing blog posts from site staff and contributors, the main focus will now be research, networking, special projects, and direct action.
[ut_service_column color=”#0d007d” icon=”fa-arrows-alt” headline=”Outgrowing our old model” align=”left” width=”full” last=”true”] [/ut_service_column]
This website was launched on August 20, 2013. During the first twenty-two months of blogging we occasionally created highly useful resources that went beyond simple blog posts. This includes graphs and charts developed in-house, a scholarships database, a lawsuits database, vast compilation pages (such as “The Language of Misandry in Academia”), a conferences page (which is now a database), and more.
All those were the products of rigorous and meticulous research.
Because these resources were often featured as blog posts they were quickly buried by regular blogging. In addition, since many of them were regularly updated “behind the scenes,” expanding them increasingly took up more and more time – something that was also not readily apparent to site visitors.
In addition, because these resources (and the networking and relationship-building with other groups who requested them) grew over time, they collectively became such a big part of the AVFMS pie that it became difficult to justify presenting to the world that blogging was our primary focus.
As our resources grew, so too did the urge to place links and references to them on the front page. In time these references became so numerous that the front page began to appear as one vast smorgasbord, short-circuiting new users' experience by creating a “paradox of choice” whereby visitors had so many choices they did not know which path to take.
Some site visitors, for example, came from more academic backgrounds. They were just interested in education resources and didn't quite know what to make of resources regarding false accusations presented right beside them. And vice versa: visitors interested in due process issues had to sift through other resources they weren't particularly interested in. I have uprooted almost everything on this website and restructured it in a way that solves this problem.
[ut_service_column color=”#0d007d” icon=”fa-cogs” headline=”A radical restructuring” align=”left” width=”full”] [/ut_service_column]
The new structure now tailors your path through the site to your background and interests. For example, after either clicking on the “Resources” tab at the top or briefly scrolling down you will now be presented with this simple section (click to expand):
By clicking on an icon you will be taken to a section dedicated to that area of interest. Visitors interested in education issues, for example, can click on the mortarboard hat icon and be taken to this section (click to expand):
As you can see, the new site layout not only allows you to more easily focus on your particular section of interest, it now presents our key resources – proportionate to their value and the work that goes into them – in a gallery fashion rather than as just another blog post.
And of course, you can now see all blog posts relevant to your section of interest by clicking on the “blog posts on this topic” button rather than sifting through the blog.
[ut_service_column color=”#0d007d” icon=”fa-eye” headline=”A visual makeover” align=”left” width=”full” last=”true”] [/ut_service_column]
Those who remember the old website layout will remember how “busy” it looked. As you can see, it has undergone a radical makeover. The front page now features evocative high-resolution imagery. This same goal – to make our resources more visually appealing – is suffused throughout the entire website. For example, In addition to presenting a much tighter and cleaner look, I have added over two hundred images to this website.
Another example of this makeover is the Mission and Values page. Previously, each of our Nine Values was followed by an average of four paragraphs describing it. It took about thirty-six paragraphs to make it through the page – almost like reading a research paper! This is what it used to look like. Well, now look at it:
Sometimes less really is more.
[ut_service_column color=”#0d007d” icon=”fa-rocket” headline=”Mission forward: the blacksmith philosophy, and our return to academia” align=”left” width=”full” last=”true”] [/ut_service_column]
I am planning on 2016 being a year of great expansion into academia. I plan to do this by first developing three critical resources. By forging these resources we will lay the groundwork to network with various academic groups:
Each of these databases is ripe for expansion. If you would like to work on them with me be sure to message me.
You may notice our new tagline: informing, connecting, empowering. These verbs encapsulate the heart of what we do here. As I wrote in a new page describing our philosophy, we have truly become the blacksmiths when it comes to educational equity for men and boys. We do not fight all the local battles, but we are able to fortify and arm advocacy groups across the nation with effective tools to get the job done.
This was previously a simple list containing academic events that – too frequently – did not fit the topic of educational equity for men and boys. Irrelevant events have been pruned, 20+ events have been added, and the list itself has been converted into a database – view it here.
[ut_service_column color=”#0d007d” icon=”fa-sitemap” headline=”New database: Conferences, Symposia, Workshops, Webinars, etc.” align=”left” width=”full” last=”true”] [/ut_service_column]
[ut_service_column color=”#0d007d” icon=”fa-slideshare” headline=”New position open: Conference Coordinator” align=”left” width=”full” last=”true”] [/ut_service_column] [ut_tabgroup last=”true”] [ut_tab title=”Vision” id=”t4″]
Many people would like to attend conferences, workshops, webinars, and so forth, but are simply unaware of their existence. Organizations hosting such events are not networked nor synergized with other organizations, complicating logistics and reducing turnout. This isolates advocates and reduces the overall momentum of the advocacy community.
With the help of a Conference Coordinator we will create a solution by maintaining an updated database of events, networking with other groups, and promoting awareness of upcoming events.
High attention to detail
A people person with above average communication skills; in particular, the ability to communicate with a spirit of courtesy and professionalism
Concern for the educational and psychological well-being of boys
General agreement with our platform's Mission and Values.
Network with and maintain good relationships between AVFMS and other organizations
Update conference database regularly
Create and maintain email lists to send timely notifications to subscribers of new and upcoming conferences and other events
Send notice of updates to relevant parties (advocacy organizations, news director to tweet/post on social media)
[/ut_tab] [ut_tab title=”Key Attributes” id=”t5″][/ut_tab] [ut_tab title=”Roles” id=”t6″][/ut_tab] [/ut_tabgroup]
[ut_service_column color=”#0d007d” icon=”fa-gavel” headline=”New position open: Wrongly Accused Advocate” align=”left” width=”full” last=”true”] [/ut_service_column]
[ut_tabgroup last=”true”] [ut_tab title=”Vision” id=”t1″] When a student has been wrongly accused, their life is instantly turned upside down. Blindsided and expelled before they barely know what is going on, they are isolated, left with few resources, and do not know where to turn. Their parents often feel desperate and helpless. Lastly, some attorneys have taken the charge of building cases in their behalf, they have historically lacked an easily-accessible track record of cases as such litigation is fairly new – a problem also shared by advocates and journalists.
Our Advocate for the Wrongly Accused will fill this vacuum by working with wrongly accused students and their parents, provide limited advice, and direct them to the appropriate resources. By maintaining and expanding our lawsuits database, he/she will provide a critical resource for advocates, attorneys, and journalists. [/ut_tab] [ut_tab title=”Key Attributes” id=”t2″]
High attention to detail
Above average communication skills; ability to communicate in a spirit of compassion, courtesy, and professionalism
Ability to read (or willingness to learn how to read) relatively simple legal documents, such as Complaints, Motions, and Opinions.
Concern for those wrongly accused
Agreement with our platform's Mission and Values.
Network with and maintain good relationships between AVFMS and other organizations
Work with wrongly accused students and their parents by providing them an ear, limited advice, and direction to appropriate resources
Update and maintain the database of due process lawsuits
Create and maintain email lists, and send timely notifications of key events to advocacy organizations, attorneys, media contacts, and so forth
Attend monthly teleconferences
[/ut_tab] [ut_tab title=”Roles” id=”t3″][/ut_tab] [/ut_tabgroup]
Forward
[ut_service_column color=”#0d007d” icon=”fa-clipboard” headline=”Overhauls of old pages” align=”left” width=”full” last=”true”] [/ut_service_column]
The fall semester is rapidly approaching. Are you ready? I know I am.
Thank you for visiting Title IX For All. If you like our work, feel free to sign up for our newsletter below:
For a more in-depth look at the litigation movement for due process and equal access to education:
Enter Legal Database
10 July 2007
UnNews Audio (file info) Listen to this story! Problems playing this file? You might be a dope.
BLACKSBURG, Virginia A small community in Virginia mourns as a man dies after having sex with his revolver. One of his friend, seen bawling at his funeral, moans with tear-filled eyes in front of a reporter mumbling hysterically, "He was as close to his gun as a Jewish man is to his mother. The two were inseparable, they laughed together, they went biking with one another on long trips, they even slept together spooning one another affectionately. How could this tragedy have happened?" The gun who killed his owner was as distraught as his friends. When questioned by a reporter how this happened, the gun said in a very stolid tone, "I am as aggrieved as the community by the death of my dear lover, we had such a good relationship but I took it too far." The gun then quickly fled to escape the cascade of reporters descending upon him like a waterfall. Reportedly the man was performing oral sex on the gun when the gun became "too excited" and literally "exploded prematurely" in the man's mouth. His mother was heckled by fundamentalist anti-gun nut cases who insisted that such a close relationship between a man and another gun is unnatural and against God's plans, but he defended his son's choice by saying, "My son is a good man who happens to have a sexual attraction to firearms. Being that the two behaved so tenderly towards one another you can't judge their relationship using such Christian morality."
This recent death between a gun and his lover has reignited the debate on whether the United States should condone sexual relationship between a man and his firearm. Advocates point to the Second Amendment that the Constitution states that "A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of men to have hot gay sex with their guns, shall not be infringed." A spokesman of the NRA has come out with the official statement that "People who have sex with guns don't kill people, they just kill themselves." However this statement does not placate critics who vocally declare that "any measure will be taken to prevent such a tragedy from happening, and kill anyone opposing us. Allahu Akbar!" Despite the controversy boiling on this subject, it must be noted that a man can have safe sex with any firearm of his choice if certain precautions are taken. A kevlar condom sheathing the barrel of the gun can prevent death, especially if the man cannot pull the gun quickly out of him before the gun shoots its load. In addition, the man should also be taking oral contraceptives or wear some sort of diaphragm made of kevlar to further decrease the risk of pregnancy, and giving birth to some sort of monstrous hybrid half-man half-gun. Taking these simple steps should have prevented such a tragedy of having to explain to friends at a dinner party that your son died while having a sordid relationship with a piece of metal.
Sources Edit
We have been witnessing the most biased reporting of any election I have ever seen. This isn't only about FOX News spouting lies and bringing racists on to attack President Obama. This is about the media apparently doing all it can to bring down Hillary Clinton by skewing every report, including blatant headlines containing lies in The New York Times.
In the past few day's two new national polls, one from Suffolk University the other from Quinnipiac came out. Any candidate seeing numbers like Hillary has in those polls would be opening champagne and their opponents would be figuring out what they are doing wrong. After months of a non-stop barrage of negative attacks by Republicans and the press, Clinton still leads the Democratic primary contest by huge numbers and beats every Republican candidate in general election match-ups. She is also leading the Democratic contest in every primary state except for one poll in New Hampshire, which has her a few percentage points behind Sanders. She is 56 percent ahead of the field in South Carolina. Now, according to VOX, the various media are reporting these great numbers for Clinton with their own headlines. Bloomberg says, "Biden More Competitive Than Clinton Against Leading Republicans: Poll"; Politico reports, "Poll: Biden outperforms Hillary in general election; Trump leads GOP field"; and Time says, "Voters open to Joe Biden presidential bid in new poll."
Then Thursday evening I heard Lester Holt on NBC Nightly News talking about the Quinnipiac poll saying, "New poll shows Biden is running a wave of popularity over Hillary Clinton." One has to wonder either what drugs he is on or whose biases he is channeling. Both these polls show Hillary's lead in the Democratic Primary is staying strong. Biden actually comes in third behind Sanders. That is nearly 30 percent behind Clinton. How one can determine that he is riding a wave of popularity is incredible. He actually only has about a 10 percent higher favorable rating than Hillary in one poll and that is after she has been attacked for months, and Biden has yet to enter the fray where he will surely get beaten up quickly.
In fact, according to Daily Kos, "at the beginning of March, Clinton led the GOP field by an average of 50.3 to 42.6, or 7.7 percentage points. Now, in late August, she leads 48.7 to 41.2, or 7.5 percent. Clinton's "collapse," in other words, is 0.2 percent! No serious analyst would consider that anything more than a rounding error. (And we're not cherry-picking the start date, either: The picture is the same if you dial it back to Jan. 1.)"
When it comes to whether Biden will have a smooth ride, Donald Trump has already brought up the plagiarism issue which forced him out of his first presidential campaign, and that will only be the beginning. People need to remember Biden left the 2008 race after getting only 1 percent in the Iowa caucuses.
So it appears the press is doing what they always do to politicians: build them up so they can tear them down later. That seems to be how to sell newspapers and get TV viewers, and it is a sad commentary on both politics and today's media.
We really need to look at another way to run and report campaigns, but until that happens we should collectively ask the media to stop spouting nonsense. Clinton and Sanders are actually talking about issues and Clinton is putting out nearly daily policy papers. The most recent was her plan to help rural America. Heaven forbid we give voters something real to talk about, something that will actually impact their lives. Instead the media focus is entirely on rumors of Biden running and no one even bothers to mention what platform they think he can run on.
By GEMMA GALEA
When I was around 11 months old, my mother crept close to my cradle whilst I was sleeping and shouted. I did not move.
She shouted again, closer. I slumbered on, blissfully unaware.
My mother had just discovered I was profoundly deaf.
At the age of three, I was enrolled in Farrar School for the Deaf. I was taught using a method called Signed English. It is not a language but instead, an attempt to teach English through signs, with English grammatical structure.
After two years of consideration and testing, it was decided I was a good candidate for cochlear implant surgery. It wasn't without risk; to have the implant means the entire cochlear must be removed, so any residual hearing is destroyed. There are also possible outcomes like facial paralysis, nerve damage and infection.
I remember being wheeled down the corridor in a hospital bed, age five, completely oblivious as to what was going to happen. Suddenly a doctor in scrubs appeared, removed his frightening-looking mask and began mouthing words at me that I could not hear.
My mother was there and they were both smiling at me. I felt an immediate panic rise in my chest and I began screaming wildly and fighting.
Like most Americans, I lose all sense of self-control at the Thanksgiving dinner table, to the point where I usually end up on the couch, coated in a thin layer of turkey grease with my pants half-off. This year, however, I decided there would be no more of this gluttonous Thanksgiving tomfoolery. No more swigging beer and filling up on mini-hot dogs at 2:00pm, no more stripping down at the dinner table to make room for more stuffing, no more praying for a spontaneous bout of cholera to clean out my digestive system when dessert rolls around.
This year, I decided to preemptively keep from overeating with a little old-fashioned aversion therapy via the Pavlok, a “personal coach wearable” wristband that prevents you for engaging in any bad habits by giving you an electric shock.
Ej Dickson
Inspired by Pavlov's famous classical conditioning experiment, the Pavlok is a rubber wristband that essentially uses minor shock therapy to convince people to break their bad habits. Want to quit smoking, or steer clear or fatty foods, or stop procrastinating on Reddit? If a jolt of electric current won't do the trick, nothing will.
Sound masochistic? Well, it definitely is. (In fact, when we first wrote about the Pavlok, we called it “FitBit for masochists.”) Despite the questionable ethics of shock therapy, which has largely fallen out of favor with the medical community in recent years, the Pavlok mostly relies on tried-and-true principles of aversion therapy to get you to change your behavior, as Pavlok creator Maneesh Sethi recently explained over the phone.
“The idea is everybody has these things they know they shouldn't do,” says Sethi, who started investigating shock therapy when he hired a woman to slap him in the face to keep him from checking Facebook. “If you start to add a small amount of shock when you do stupid things, you can mostly just increase the awareness of your activity in your daily routine. I like to say that for the last 1,000 years, we've tamed environment, but we haven't tamed ourselves.”
But could Pavlok be used to keep me from going to town on a bowl of mashed potatoes? Sethi says definitely: “By adding a shock while you eat, you train your lizard brain to associate the act of eating (or the type of food) with the shock—and it can effectively limit the drive for mindless eating that you normally have,” he says.
So yesterday, I strapped on the Pavlok before dinner. While the device can be controlled remotely by another party via an app, I didn't want to entrust it with my boyfriend. I'd changed the channel on the Knicks game to a Full House rerun the night before and I didn't want to give him the satisfaction of retribution via electric shock. So I decided to shock myself manually, by clicking the lightning bolt twice on my wrist.
While activating the Pavlok manually might sound counterproductive to the aim of the device, Sethi says his team's research showed that self-applied shock is as or more effective than automated shock. Having the Pavlok on your wrist in itself “opens up the awareness of your habits,” he says. “It makes you ask yourself, wait, why am I hungry again?”
After giving family members a look at it (“Is that some sort of weird BDSM sex thing?” one of my cousins asked me as I passed it around the family room), I tested out the device before dinner. Sethi had warned me that the shock was small, and more uncomfortable than painful, but any family members who saw the twisted grimace on my face would beg to differ.
It felt like someone was plucking out my arm hair with a pair of pincers.
At 7:30, it was time for dinner, so I took a normal-sized helping and headed to the table. After tucking into a few bites of turkey, potatoes, and brussel sprouts, I realized my plate was already half gone, so I decided to give myself a small shock. It didn't keep me from eating more, but when everyone else at the table decided to get another helping, I gave myself another small shock and realized I actually wasn't very hungry. For the very first Thanksgiving ever, I didn't go to bed feeling like a grease-covered Macy's Day Parade balloon.
EJ Dickson
I'm not sure if I didn't overeat this Thanksgiving as the result of using the Pavlok, or because I'd had about a dozen chicken nuggets for lunch a few hours before. I still don't know if shock therapy is necessarily the best or most ethical way to change behavior, especially when it can be self-administered without requiring the discretion of a licensed therapist.
EJ Dickson
Although Sethi assured me the shock was perfectly safe (it's at two milliamps, and the government minimum for shock therapy was 10 milliamps) when he told me he uses the Pavlok to shock himself at least 75 times a day, I became even more convinced that it wasn't necessarily the healthiest of therapeutic tools.
That said, I don't doubt for a second that the Pavlok can work. Sethi is right about one thing: While we might think we have enough self-discipline to avoid falling into the trap of Pavlov's dogs, everyone still has their vices that can't be overcome by sheer willpower. The Pavlok might be a masochistic novelty, but if nothing else, it's a testament to the fact that we really aren't much more than our own “lizard brains.”
Although Sethi was excited to hear that I was using the Pavlok to curb Thanksgiving table overeating, he did caution me that there was one function he wasn't ready to use Pavlok for: Controlling your own thoughts. While he has friends who use Pavlok to help prevent obsessive, self-critical thoughts, “I always get worried about what will happen, and what curbing your thinking process means in the long run,” he says. “It's a tough one.”
There's a pretty thin line there, between controlling your actions and controlling your thoughts. And truly, I can easily see the argument that using the Pavlok to curb your eat is a slippery, even dangerous slope.
As someone who tends toward having an onslaught of self-critical thoughts myself, I will admit to using the Pavlok whenever any lingering doubts floated in and out of my mind. And I don't know if I'm a masochist, but I must also admit that receiving the shock felt like getting a jolt of espresso directly injected into my veins, with the end result being that those doubts gradually faded away.
Is a shock therapy wearable necessarily the healthiest way of preventing overeating, or even obsessive-compulsiveness? Probably not.
That said, maybe it's just my lizard brain speaking, but I'd be lying if I said it wasn't at least a little effective: Today, I was more than able to button each button of my pants.
Photo via Pavlok
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) - A former Rhode Island state employee has pleaded guilty in federal court to altering computer files to steal more than $500,000 in benefits from the state's unemployment insurance system.
Federal prosecutors say Ambulai Sheku pleaded guilty in Providence on Tuesday to conspiring to commit mail fraud, theft of government funds and accessing a protected computer to commit fraud.
Authorities say the 37-year-old Sheku used his position as an interviewer with the state Department of Labor and Training to access computer files and unlawfully obtain unemployment benefits for himself and others.
Prosecutors say about $350,000 of about $500,000 in benefits that Sheku fraudulently obtained were funded by the federal government.
The scheme ran between June 2009 and February 2015.
His sentencing is scheduled for February.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC.
Today's Academic Success Story profiles Varty Hindoyan, a brilliant lawyer who has always been far too accomplished and wise for her age ;) She's been a very close friend since we met in 5th grade at the tiny C&E Merdinian Armenian Evangelical School 19(!) years ago.
Our educational paths diverged upon graduating from the 8th grade, and Varty eventually pursued her undergraduate degree at the University of Pennsylvania (Penn), where she (unsurprisingly) graduated magna cum laude (i.e., “with great honor”) in (amazingly) just three years. As if these achievements weren't enough to make many of us awestruck, she then completed her J.D. at Berkeley Law.
If you're ever worried about getting too comfortable with your accomplishments, I encourage you to get to know Varty. Be prepared, however, to be dazzled by how well-read, well-traveled, and persuasive she is (I unfortunately speak from experience).
Shirag: What are you currently up to?
Varty: I'm an attorney at Venable. I'm a trial and appellate commercial litigator focusing on intellectual property and entertainment matters.
Shirag: (Laughing) What does that mean for a non-lawyer like me?
Varty: (Also laughing) I've been meaning to refine my elevator pitch for non-lawyers. I help companies whenever there's an actual or threatened lawsuit on matters ranging from breach of a contract to copyright and trademark issues.
Shirag: Why did you decide to attend Penn for undergrad?
Varty: So… I have my funny story and my real story.
Shirag: I want to hear both!
Varty: My funny story is that I wanted to get as far away from Los Angeles, where I grew up, without leaving the continental US. My “real story” is that Penn was the only school where I would enter with a declared major: Philosophy, Politics, Economics. I think they stole the idea from Oxford or Cambridge. It's interdisciplinary… Basically a major for people who can't choose.
Shirag: What did you enjoy most about attending Penn?
Varty: It was my first time living outside LA. That was huge for me. Being in a different part of the country, experiencing the seasons. Penn also has a nice undergraduate climate; they put a big focus on undergraduate life. I loved that. They pretty much let you do anything you wanted academically. If I wanted to take a different class to fulfill a requirement or take a class in a different college, I could do that. It was also cool to be surrounded by people with such big career goals, like working for the U.N. or running for Congress.
Shirag: What are the top 3 things students should consider in choosing an undergraduate institution?
Varty: On the practical front: ranking. Certain careers and grad programs heavily weight against people who didn't attend top-ranked schools. I tell people to attend the best school they can get into. I had a friend who wanted to pursue engineering and was deciding between Penn and Berkeley. Penn was ranked higher, but Berkeley was better for engineering. She chose Berkeley, which was great for her.
I think that smaller private schools cater better to students because they feel that if they're nicer to you during college, you'll donate more money later. They make it easier to get more out of your education academically, as well as financial aid. You get more one-on-one attention.
Another aspect is personality driven. I guess you could call it fit. Going to college in an urban environment was important to me. I wanted to spend my formative years in a place I was interested living in. I could go out and try new things in a city like Philadelphia. But there isn't one school for everybody. I remember a girl living on my floor freshman year, who left Penn after a semester and returned to the Midwest. Philly was too urban for her and she couldn't handle it.
Shirag: What was it like for you graduating in 3 years? Would you do it again?
Varty: I wouldn't necessarily recommend graduating in 3. I liked saving money but I feel I missed out on certain experiences my friends had. Beyond academics, college provides life education. Would that be worth the extra $20,000 to stay an extra year? Maybe not, but I'd urge people to consider it. I graduated early because my financial aid got cut and I had enough credits. At the time it felt like an easy decision, but not so much knowing what I know now.
Shirag: What led you to pursue law?
Varty: I never thought I'd be a lawyer growing up. I always told myself I wouldn't become a doctor or lawyer. But something changed in college. The year before graduation, I went back and forth between becoming a teacher or going to law school. With law, I specifically wanted to be a first-amendment lawyer, working to protect and expand journalists' and media's rights to both access and dissemination of information. For example, media companies will sometimes get sued for defamation for publishing something negative about a company or journalists might be denied access to important documents. Companies use litigation to shut down journalists they don't like. This is a big problem around the world, much bigger than in the US where we have real built in legal protections. I had seen these problems when working in Armenia with an amazing group of investigative journalists the summer after my freshman year. But my first run in was on a more local and personal level, back in high school when I was Editor-in-Chief of our school paper. My school's administration threatened our ability to publish the school paper because of an article they didn't want going out. I had to fight for our autonomy. And I guess I caught the legal bug then.
But there was a part of me that wanted to work with kids and make a difference teaching, so I applied to Teach for America. But I was worried I would get too attached to kids from adverse backgrounds that I wouldn't be able to help. It was an absolute reality that some kids would fail because the odds were against them and not that they weren't smart or working hard enough. No matter how much I tried, some would not succeed, and I didn't think I would be able to handle that.
Shirag: What's the formula for a successful law application?
Varty: I hate to say this, but the LSAT represents one-third to one-half of the admissions formula for most schools. Next in importance is your GPA and undergrad institution. The third big key is your personal statement. Go for a differentiating essay. Most law school applicants are English and History majors who want to save the world (laughs). If you have a different background or skill set, that's actually better because it helps you stand out. I remember during my first day at Berkeley Law, the admissions dean gave a speech where he specifically mentioned all the unique backgrounds among the incoming class, like the former firefighter and the prison chaplain. It's good to focus a lot on your personal statement, which is one of the few things you can actually control by the time you're applying.
But I would say much of it begins when you first start college. Not all freshmen appreciate how important their grades and LSAT scores will be. In fairness, not everyone appreciates that they may be applying to grad school a few years down the road. So I would tell everyone going in to act like they will, so that if they do apply their grades aren't a hindrance.
Shirag: What do you wish you knew before pursuing law?
Varty: How 80% of students go in with grandiose dreams of saving the world. On the other hand, some students have lawyers in the family and know better. Then you get in to a law school and feel this huge push and pressure to go to the best law firms because you've been going to the best schools and achieving the best grades your whole life, and now it's time to work at the most prestigious place and make the most money. It's hard to step away from that, especially when you accrue a lot of debt. I've never seen anyone with less than $80,000 in debt upon graduating. That influences the work you pursue. So often people set aside their initial dreams to take the better paying job offers. But a lot of schools are trying to combat this by creating loan repayment programs for students who go into the non-profit or government sectors.
We also work a lot of hours. I didn't appreciate how soul-crushing the work can sometimes be. There is interesting work, but it sometimes feels few and far between for junior attorneys in big law. So you have to be more proactive (or move to boutique or mid-sized firms) to get the more interesting types of assignments earlier in your career. But it's a trade-off in pay.
Speaking as a litigator, there's often a big difference between plaintiff's side and defense work. I generally prefer the latter because I think people are a bit too litigious, but ultimately I love pursuing cases where I believe the side I'm representing has been wronged. I should also mention that I love winning. So if you're competitive and like winning (Varty definitely does), litigation can be fun.
People need to think about all of this and talk to other lawyers before making their decision. I think people use law as a backup because they don't know what else to do, but the market is saturated and it's an expensive path for a backup vocation.
One more thing I wish I had known is how easy it is to reach out. People are so willing to help. If people reached out to me, I'd be glad to help. People don't realize there are actual resources out there.
Shirag: How has law met your expectations? Any surprises?
Varty: It's a challenging career, and that's both positive and negative. In a positive way, I'd be bored with cases that are not complex intellectually or legally. I've had the pleasure of having great cases with my current firm. I also like working with smart and creative people. It may sound weird, but creative people are most successful; they think outside the box. I like that creativity is rewarded in my profession.
I have also been surprised by how much I love oral argument in court. I like getting up there, making my case, and proving the other side wrong. My favorite war story is when I once got up to argue against the other side's lawyer two weeks after he had argued against one of my partners. At the prior hearing, he had conceded points and had all but given up winning from the outset. But that day, he was aggressive, made up facts, and misquoted case law—perhaps because I was a woman or much younger than him, and he thought he could get the better of me. It only invigorated me. I knew the material well—it always pays off to be more prepared—and exposed his misrepresentations and won. It's fun articulating arguments cogently and persuasively, but it's definitely not like Law and Order.
Shirag: Any other advice you have for individuals who want to pursue law?
Varty: In law school, there are realities of how quickly you need to pursue certain opportunities like clerkships. I missed the boat on that. Some people from underrepresented backgrounds don't know this stuff. Try to find a helpful alumnus or mentor early, find resources, and talk to upperclassmen so you don't miss those opportunities. Some schools are also beginning to create groups, like the First Generation Professionals at Boalt where I serve as a mentor, to pair students who were the first in their families to go onto professional school (and sometimes even the first to go to college) with alumni of the same background.
Also, for those people who think law is like Law and Order: A) the show is not realistic, and B) it's just a segment of what lawyers do, even in litigation. There are so many ways to practice law. For example, there's a whole area of law for the non-litigators or introverts. You can take part in deals, draft contracts, help orchestrate mergers and acquisitions, and do copyright and trademark clearance work. For example, some in-house lawyers do half business stuff, half legal stuff.
Shirag: What advice would you give 21 year-old Varty?
Varty: Take law school more seriously. Undergrad was fun because classes and topics were interesting. Law school classes require more rote memorization, which is not as fun. When you know it's your last degree, you treat it as a class you have to pass, but sometimes I wish I had paid more attention in certain classes because the issues do come up in your career. But on a more personal, non-professional note, I think my younger self nailed it with plenty of traveling and generally enjoying life.
Just enter your email in the top bar or at the side or bottom of this page to receive future Academic Success Story posts via email. These stories will give you fresh perspectives on the academic world and various careers, as well as improve the way you make educational decisions.
Pressure on the Redskins to change their name appeared to pick up steam Wednesday when the federal patent office voted to nullify the team's trademark for disparaging Native Americans.
The decision, on a 2-1 vote, was hailed by opponents but does not mean Redskins owner Daniel Snyder must come up with a new nickname immediately or lose exclusive rights to it for memorabilia sales.
But the vote does add more fuel to the recent public groundswell — including a letter from 50 members of Congress and comments from President Obama — to badger Snyder into changing it.
Not surprisingly, Snyder was defiant and vowed to immediately appeal the decision. It was the second time since 1999 the patent office had lifted the Redskins' trademark, and a federal court overturned the first decision in 2003.
“We've seen this story before, and just like last time, today's ruling will have no effect at all on the team's ownership of and right to use the Redskins name and logo,” Redskins trademark attorney Bob Raskopf said in a statement.
Legal experts said the appeal could take years to wind its way through the courts and cast doubt about how much financial damage the decision could inflict on Snyder while judges decide its merit.
Though theoretically the decision could allow anyone to set up shop and sell Redskins merchandise without paying royalties to the team or the NFL, legal experts said the Redskins retain what is known as a “common law trademark” and still could recoup damages through legal action.
“This ruling — which of course we will appeal — simply addresses the team's federal trademark registrations, and the team will continue to own and be able to protect its marks without the registrations,” the Redskins' Raskopf said. “The registrations will remain effective while the case is on appeal.”
The NFL declined comment, referring questions to the Redskins.
Though the immediate impact of Wednesday's decision is debatable, leaders of the “Change the Mascot” campaign spearheaded by the Oneida Indian Nation in upstate New York — which conducted season-long protests against the team last fall — praised Wednesday's ruling as “momentous.”
They also noted the court's 2003 ruling to overturn the patent office's decision was based on procedural grounds and not whether the nickname was a slur ineligible for copyright.
“The U.S. Patent Office has now restated the obvious truth that Native Americans, civil rights leaders, athletes, religious groups, state legislative bodies, Members of Congress and the president have all echoed: taxpayer resources cannot be used to help private companies profit off the promotion of dictionary defined racial slurs,” Oneida representative Ray Halbritter said.
President Trump fanned the flames that surround Walt Disney Co.'s sports broadcaster ESPN with a Friday morning tweet that fed on critics' assertions that ESPN's liberal-leaning politics are ruining the worldwide leader in sports television.
The president claimed that ESPN's declining viewership, a problem that has caused headaches for Disney DIS, -0.08% and its investors, is to be blamed on the network's broadcasting its politics, or that of the journalists it employees.
In a new take on his go-to “fake news” gripe, the president called for ESPN to “Apologize for untruth.”
ESPN is paying a really big price for its politics (and bad programming). People are dumping it in RECORD numbers. Apologize for untruth! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 15, 2017
What prompted the president to tweet about ESPN (aside from his affinity for criticizing the media)?
On Sept. 11, Jemele Hill, co-host of ESPN's 6 p.m. SportsCenter broadcast, known as “The Six,” called Trump, among other things, “a white supremacist who has largely surrounded himself with other white supremacists.” She made the comments as part of a conversation on Twitter.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders, fielding questions on Wednesday, said Hill's comments were a fireable offense.
This, of course, wouldn't be the first time that Trump and/or his administration targeted a journalist or media outlet.
See: Trump slams CNN, which says he should start doing his job
Read: Donald Trump's war on media is boosting subscriptions and donations to news outlets
ESPN didn't fire Hill. The network issued a couple of statements saying that Hill's comments didn't reflect ESPN's position, but that the company had addressed the issue with its anchor.
ESPN Statement on Jemele Hill: pic.twitter.com/3kfexjx9zQ — ESPN PR (@ESPNPR) September 12, 2017
“Jemele has a right to her personal opinions but not to publicly share them on a platform that implies that she was in any way speaking on behalf of ESPN,” the network said in a statement. “She has acknowledged that her tweets crossed that line and has apologized for doing so. We accept her apology.”
Think Progress, citing unnamed sources inside ESPN, said the network did try to move Hill off her programming slot but met with resistance from the on-air staff they pursued to replace her. Co-host Michael Smith also reportedly dug in against the move. ESPN officials denied they asked other anchors to fill in, in a response to the Washington Post.
The issue fits into the larger narrative around what some see as the politicization of ESPN and its role, if any, in the network's stumble from grace.
As MarketWatch has reported, industry and investor commentary has focused on ESPN's declining subscriber numbers, significant cost-cutting layoffs and uncertainty over its cord-cutting adjustments as more households dump cable for on-demand viewing. Notably, a significant number of reader comments on those articles are critical of ESPN's political or social voice.
Read: Disney's plan for ESPN is shrouded in uncertainty
Check out: More TV viewers are cutting the cable cord, but the savings aren't what they were
To the public, ESPN has seemingly picked a side, whether it was awarding Caitlyn Jenner the Arthur Ashe Courage Award at the 2015 ESPYS, or the company moving a golf tournament from a club owned by then presidential candidate Donald Trump. Some viewers have complained about ESPN covering former NFL quarterback Colin Kaepernick's kneeling protests during the National Anthem.
In fact, much of the criticism about ESPN's political views and social justice stance has been leveled directly at Jemele Hill and her co-host Michael Smith.
ESPN commissioned third-party research to look at its perceived liberal bias, most recently in May. That study found that about 64% of ESPN viewers think the network does a good job of mixing sports and politics. The network's conclusion was that while some viewers may disagree with ESPN, it has no material impact on viewership.
However, in December of 2016, ESPN Public Editor Jim Brady addressed how the network has dealt with changing and intensifying political dynamics.
“As it turns out, ESPN is far from immune from the political fever that has afflicted so much of the country over the past year,” Brady wrote in a company post. “Internally, there's a feeling among staffers—both liberal and conservative—that the company's perceived move leftward has had a stifling effect on discourse inside the company and has affected its public-facing products. Consumers have sensed that same leftward movement, alienating some.”
Read: ESPN under fire for removing announcer Robert Lee from Virginia football game
One employee told Brady that Republicans, and more broadly, conservatives, in the office feel the need to talk in whispers. ESPN's detractors and even competitors have criticized the network for actions they believe signal proof of the network's bias.
Mike Soltys, ESPN's vice president of corporate communications, told MarketWatch that it is something that is constantly talked about within the walls of ESPN's Bristol, Conn., headquarters.
Check out: Warriors' dominance could cost Disney $130 million
See: The Golden State Warriors will get $20 million a year for a Rakuten ad on its jerseys
But Soltys said when something like the Kaepernick news happens, they have to cover it, and they will continue to do so. He believes ESPN has been fairly balanced in commentators' criticisms and support.
When fans at Boston's Fenway Park were ejected from a Red Sox game for holding a banner reading: “Racism is as American as Baseball,” as happened earlier this week, Soltys said ESPN is going to report and discuss it as well as the Red Sox's three-game lead in Major League Baseball's American League East conference.
“It is accurate that the Walt Disney Co. and ESPN are committed to diversity and inclusion,” ESPN president John Skipper told Brady. “These are long-standing values that drive fundamental fairness while providing us with the widest possible pool of talent to create the smartest and most creative staff. We do not view this as a political stance, but as a human stance. We do not think tolerance is the domain of a particular political philosophy.”
Walt Disney's shares have dropped nearly 6% in the year to date, while the S&P 500 index SPX, -0.08% is up more than 11% and the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.13% is up more than 12%.
This article is over 4 years old
Just hours after hundreds took to the streets to protest Albuquerque police fatally shooting a homeless camper, a man who opened fire on police was shot dead by officers, authorities said.
New Mexico attorney general Gary King said Wednesday that his office will investigate the shooting and provide what he called "an objective unbiased external assessment."
The suspect was shot late Tuesday outside an apartment complex following a 911 call about a man holding a child at gunpoint, Albuquerque police chief Gorden Eden told reporters.
He said the man "exited with a firearm and fired it", before officers returned fire.
The suspect, who has not been named, died Wednesday morning at a hospital, Albuquerque police spokesman Tasia Martinez.
Eden did not answer questions from reporters after giving a statement about the shooting.
Albuquerque police are facing heavy criticism for 36 other police shootings since 2010, including the fatal shooting of a homeless man earlier this month in the Sandia foothills. In that shooting, authorities said Boyd, 38, died after officers fired stun guns, bean bags and six live rounds on 16 March. Police said Boyd had threatened to kill officers and held onto knives as an unarmed K-9 officer approached him.
But a helmet camera video showed Boyd gathering his belongings then turning away right before officers fired. The shooting followed a long standoff during which Boyd claimed he was a federal government agent.
A protest Tuesday evening in downtown Albuquerque drew a crowd from around the city and Santa Fe. Some chanted "We want justice," while others held signs that read "APD is guilty" as they marched for a few blocks to police headquarters. The demonstrators filled the streets, blocking traffic as they went.
Albuquerque police are under a US justice department investigation involving the use of force and mayor Richard Berry asked justice department officials to add the Boyd shooting to its ongoing probe.
In addition, Berry has asked the Las Cruces police department to join a five-agency investigation into the shooting.
Justice department officials also are scheduled Wednesday to meet privately with community activists to discuss Boyd's shooting.
There are certain expectations and demands upheld for first-person shooters that don't necessarily apply to real-time strategy and MMOs. Blizzard are learning those the hard way with Overwatch, their first venture into the genre.
But during a trip to the Blizzard offices, game director Jeff Kaplan confirmed that while Blizzard are still staying true to their online-only formula, they will be upholding some standards fans come to expect of their competitive shooters.
In an interview with Jeff Kaplan and Geoff Goodman, Overwatch's principal game designer, the pair confirmed that while Overwatches would remain entirely within the Battle.net ecosystem — no LAN play, in other words — PC fans would not have to endure the misery of player-hosted lobbies, as was the case in Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2, although players would not be able to hire their own private servers (like you can with Team Fortress 2 or Counter-Strike: Global Offensive).
"Overwatch will run completely on Blizzard servers. With that said, and when we do matchmaking it will be in a Blizzard pool, we are looking at regions and IPs and doing the best to minimise any sort of ping issues," Kaplan explained.
He added that "we definitely are going to have a custom game option", directly referencing competitive players' desire to run around and practice timings, angles and maps more broadly.
"We'll allow you to set up some of those things that traditional dedicated servers allow you to do. Basically give you a safe place to go play a match to play with your friends and not go into the big matchmaking pool, we'll have a setup that will allow for that as well."
Kaplan added that a spectator mode is being built for the game and a rudimentary version of that will be visible when Overwatch's beta launches. "In fact, you can see the seeds of it when you go back and play — there's the kill-cam and if you press escape or space you can get out of the killcam and that will put you in a spectating mode," he said.
"The way you guys were playing the game was in what we call Show Mode, which is setup for Gamescom or Blizzcon, where you don't have a friends list, you don't have all the show features. But in the beta if someone has someone on their friends list and they just want to watch their friend play, they can go in and spectate if the spectate slot is open for them."
The author travelled to the Blizzard offices in Irvine, California, as a guest of Blizzard.
By Emma Wilkinson
BBC News health reporter in Amsterdam
Daily ejaculation may be the best way to improve sperm quality Having sex every day improves sperm quality and could boost the chances of getting pregnant, research suggests. In a study of men with fertility problems, daily ejaculation for a week cut the amount of DNA damage seen in sperm samples. Speaking at a fertility conference, the Australian researcher said general advice for couples had been to have sex every two or three days. Early results from the trial had already shown promising results. Perhaps we have been blaming the women as couples get older but perhaps there's a contribution from the male because we're not behaving as we should be
Dr David Greening
Sydney IVF But 118 men have now been tested and the benefits for sperm have become clearer. Dr David Greening, from Sydney IVF, told delegates at the European Society for Human Reproduction and Embryology meeting that eight in ten men taking part showed a 12% drop in sperm DNA damages after the seven days. Although there was a big drop in sperm numbers from 180 million to 70 million over the week, men were still within the normal "fertile" range. Sperm also became more active over the seven days with a small rise in motility, he added. Damage The theory is the longer sperm hang around in the testes the more likely they are to accumulate DNA damage and the warm environment could also make them more sluggish after a while. Sperm come under attack by free radicals - small reactive molecules which can damage DNA and cause cell death - in the tube that stores and carries sperm away from the testes. Further work is needed to work out if daily sex for men without fertility problems has the same benefits but Dr Greening believes it is likely to be the case. He warns that having daily sex for too long - say a fortnight - would probably cut sperm numbers too much. But recommended "lots of sex daily" around the time the woman is ovulating. He said it was best to "keep the river flowing". As men age they may not have as much sex as they did when they were younger, adding to the problem of infertility, Dr Greening told delegates. "We are designed to breed in our youth. "Perhaps we have been blaming the women as couples get older but perhaps there's a contribution from the male because we're not behaving as we should be." The findings may also have implications for couples undergoing IVF as men are commonly told to abstain from sex for a couple of days to try and boost sperm numbers. Dr Alan Pacey, a fertility expert at the University of Sheffield, said the finding that daily ejaculation improved the chances of conception was interesting, but it would be wrong to apply the results to all men. "For example, in cases where men have low sperm counts to start with, daily ejaculations may well reduce the sperm count still further and whilst sperm may be more healthy the reduced numbers could impede the chance of natural conception. "The best general advice is that if couples are attempting to conceive naturally, intercourse every couple of days will make sure the sperm are as healthy as possible on each occasion. "However, in preparation for IVF or ICSI treatment, this advice may well change in response to medical test results like DNA damage measurements."
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Do you feel lucky? The answer, well known to psychologists, is that you probably don't. You probably think you got where you are today through willpower and elbow grease. We chronically underestimate luck's role, and this seems to get worse the richer we get; surveys show that the wealthiest are least likely to attribute their fortunes to, well, good fortune. They also seem to be meaner: one ingenious study found drivers of luxury cars were more likely to cut others off than those in cheaper vehicles.
It's hardly surprising many such people oppose taxation and government spending: why should others get a handout if they didn't need one? The ironic result is that they vote against the very policies that helped them get lucky to begin with. In a recent Atlantic essay, Robert Frank, an economist who has studied attitudes to chance, quoted EB White: “Luck is not something you can mention in the presence of self-made men.”
Yet to see this purely as a problem of the super-rich lets the rest of us off too easily. Anyone living in a highly developed economy in 2016 is already the beneficiary of stupendous luck – for example, not being born during the plague, or living in the modern-day Central African Republic (average life expectancy: about 50). Ponder that, and it's easier to see why Buddhists speak of the incomparable luck of being born human at all. You might have been a battery hen, or a mayfly with a one-day lifespan.
Our blindness to such truths isn't only because we're self-absorbed jerks. As Frank explained, it's also down to the “availability heuristic”, the bias whereby we attach more significance to things that are easier to call to mind. It's not hard to recall countless times when you put in the effort to succeed: slogging through university finals, preparing for job interviews, tolerating a soul-killing commute. By contrast, it's genuinely difficult to perceive the ways you're privileged – let alone all the “negative preconditions” of your success, like not being born in a war zone, or before antibiotics, and so forth. We rarely realise it, but each of us is a walking testament to all the things that might have stopped us, yet didn't.
How to deal with email overload | Oliver Burkeman Read more
Philosophers (and sometimes normal people) raise another worry: our luck always comes at the price of others' misfortune. Like many people, I'm only here thanks to Hitler, without whom my grandmother wouldn't have left Germany or met my grandfather. But if I deem my existence a good thing – and I do – doesn't this slightly complicate my claim to condemn the Holocaust utterly? “We know that it would have been better if those horrors had not happened and, consequently, we had not been born,” writes the philosopher Todd May – and so “our lives are rooted in tragedies that have no reparation”. If such thoughts depress you, there's a glimmer of hope: the finding that reminding people how lucky they are makes them kinder and more generous. The trick, then, is not to forget about your own good fortune. Good luck with that.
oliver.burkeman@theguardian.com
Former US vice-president Al Gore and his partner at Generation Investment Management, David Blood, wrote recently that the economic case for divesting from coal was as compelling as the environmental and moral arguments. In Whitehaven Coal, Greenpeace has a company that validates this argument beautifully.
Whitehaven's Maules Creek coal mine is one of Australia's most controversial fossil fuel projects. Involving bulldozing of half the Leard State Forest near Narrabri, home to several threatened and endangered species, Maules Creek has been met with opposition from farmers, traditional owners, environmentalists and a growing cross-section of the community. A two-year blockade on site has seen doctors, religious leaders, and even former coal industry workers take peaceful civil disobedience to prevent the project.
Two weeks ago, Greenpeace launched a campaign on Sydney University, calling for them to divest their $1 million stake in Whitehaven. Similar to the fossil fuel divestment campaigns enjoying success in the US, Greenpeace is leaning on the moral and environmental arguments as to why a leading institution should keep its money out of environmentally damaging investments.
Sydney Uni's response so far is impressive. They have committed to not make any further investments in Whitehaven, or coal more broadly while they review their investment policies. I'm sure they understand the moral argument against investing in a company actively destroying koala habitat to build a new coal mine when climate scientists are calling for rapid reductions in greenhouse gas emissions. But I can't help but feel as though the money managers have also taken a look at this investment and seen a compelling economic case to end coal investments.
Whitehaven Coal is a pure play coal miner and its financial performance over the last couple of years has been in step with coal companies elsewhere in Australia, the US and China, where share prices are typically down 50-70% over the past couple of years. Whitehaven share price has been hovering well below $2 recently, down from $7 per share in January 2011.
Both thermal and coking coal prices are well down from their highs of 2011 and while demand is tapering off, the coal industry remains contractually obliged to feed a beast that isn't hungry. This hasn't been any good for the environment, nor has it done much good for investors in coal.
But Sydney Uni? One million dollar stake? Surely that's just the thin end of the wedge. And although the university's investment managers won't look back fondly at Whitehaven's stock price chart, I can only imagine how a major fund manager such as Farallon Capital Management will feel. They will have lost about a quarter of a billion dollars on their stake in Whitehaven since January 2011 as the share price has slumped.
It certainly puts the antics of Jonothan Moylan into perspective. Moylan grabbed headlines in January 2012 with a hoax media release from ANZ, stating that the bank was cancelling a $1.2 billion loan to Whitehaven for the Maules Creek mine. Moylan recently received a 20-month sentence, suspended for two years for this action that caused a temporary dive in Whitehaven's share price. Looking back, Moylan was probably doing Whitehaven investors a favour.
Take the Farallon Capital Management. Had they been spooked by Jono's hoax and sold their stock at the bottom of the temporary dip in share price, they would have lost $18 million. Instead, they held onto their stake, which has since lost about $150 million in value.
Investors may have been holding on to their coal shares in recent years expecting a rebound in the market. But just as investors have been slow in recent years to recognise and adapt to the slump on the coal market, they may be making the same mistakes now, failing to spot signs of a structural decline in coal, at least the thermal variety; China's policies to bring down air pollution and introduce carbon pricing, India increasing coal taxes to fund renewables and now planning a 10 gigawatt per year rollout of wind capacity, and a steady decline in US coal exports and domestic production all mean something.
An increasing number of analysts and investment banks are recognising that coal is in structural decline. Fund managers are cottoning on too. I've spoken to one – a former Whitehaven investor in fact – who just doesn't see coal as a viable investment any more.
For other investors in Whitehaven? They might want to pay close attention to Greenpeace's campaign. If it spreads beyond iconic investors such as Sydney Uni to large fund managers, some difficult and embarrassing questions are going to be asked of their morals and professional credentials.
Julien Vincent is the lead campaigner for Market Forces
American jazz pianist and composer Thelonious Monk would have been 100 years old this year. To celebrate his legacy, Japanese record label Epistroph and legendary American jazz record label Blue Note Records will release a collaborative tribute album Oct. 11, the day after his birthday.
Epistroph is home to WONK, the Japanese experimental soul band whose debut album, Sphere, released last September, received high acclaim. They have huge respect for Monk's uniquely inventive stance and style, so much so that the band's name is a play on the jazz giant's last name and "Sphere" is his middle name. The four-member band is involved in the tribute and say the project was something they'd been planning for a while.
The still-untitled album celebrating what would have been Monk's 100th birthday will feature a selection of new tracks by 10 of Epistroph's best up-and-coming musicians, rappers and beatmakers, including WONK.
Blue Note Records has successfully forayed beyond traditional jazz in recent years, releasing adventurous new works by artists such as Robert Glasper, Jose James and Chris Dave. The Thelonious Monk tribute album is expected to join the ranks of such innovative releases.
WONK will also release a pair of new albums -- Castor and Pollux -- Sept. 6.
As we reported, local Kentucky official Casey Davis said in a radio interview earlier this week that he will defy a court order to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples even “if it takes my life.”
The Casey County clerk also told West Virginia radio host Tom Roten on Monday that he believes that, as a Christian, he should be exempt from performing such job duties because his religion requires him to not only oppose same-sex marriage but also to tell gay people that they are going to Hell unless they repent and get washed in “the blood of Jesus Christ.”
“When you stand for what's right and when you tell someone of the danger that they are in, and I think that when a person lives a lifestyle of sin whether it is homosexuality or drunkenness or drug addiction or adultery or thievery or any kind of sin that you continue in or live in, you are endangering yourself of spending eternity in Hell,” Davis said. “So in my view of what the Bible says, when you're truly loving someone, you stand and you lovingly tell them, ‘This is not the way to Heaven, this is not the way of right.'”
Davis continued to claim that he is the victim of religious persecution: “I think that this is a war on Christianity, I think same-sex marriage just simply brought it to the surface, but it is a war on Christianity.”
Insisting that he should be allowed to defy the law because divine laws “supersede” American law, Davis said that “God's placed me here so that I can tell people, ‘Hey there is a higher power that we need to answer to, and it's not people who wear black robes, it's the one that wears the white robe.'”
Community, Charity & Cause, Business & Finance, Health & Wellness, Tech & Science, Local News
By Christian Abbatecola Published: January 29 2016
Columbia Care opened the first licensed medical marijuana dispensary in Suffolk County on the afternoon of January 29th, 2016.
Riverhead, NY - January 29, 2016 - The first Medical Marijuana Dispensary on Long Island, Columbia Care Facility of Riverhead, opened its doors for the first time today, welcoming its first patients shortly after a ribbon cutting ceremony.
The Compassionate Care Act, which was signed into law in the Summer of 2014, took effect just three weeks ago, on January 7th, 2016. In the time since, several distributors have begun seeing patients around New York, and with today's opening ceramony, Long Island. Patients who qualify for medical cannabis can begin the process of receiving treatment by bringing their medical records* to Columbia Care Facility (*Columbia Care of Riverhead is accepting patient by appointment only at this time).
"They need to just bring the medical records from their current doctor that is taking care of their qualifying conditions," said Scott Poretsky, Senior Director of the Suffolk Healthcare Cannabis Alliance. "As long as we have medical records that prove that they are under qualifying condition, the doctor can then make the recommendation that they can apply to the state. I believe it's a $50 fee to apply for the card...and then it takes a week or so to get it."
The list of conditions which currently qualify for a medical marijuana prescription in New York is quite short. Unlike states such as Colorado - where marijuana has been fully legalized - or California - where a wide variety of maladies can qualify a person for a prescription, New York's Medical Marijuana Program has only 10 specific conditions for which a patient can register.
Namely, the program currently applies to individuals suffering from cancer, HIV/AIDS, epilepsy, ALS (Lou Gehrig's Disease), Parkinson's Disease, Inflammatory Bowel Disease, Multiple Sclerosis, Neuropathies, Huntington's Disease, and Intractable Spasticity caused by damage to the nervous tissue of the spinal cord. The conditions were selected after the State was satisfied that marijuana can be used to reduce pain and improve quality of life in afflicted patients following a pilot program originally announced by Governor Cuomo in January 2014.
Though a step in the right direction, Mr. Poretsky believes the current legislation is too limited, preventing those who suffer from other conditions which can be treated by cannabis from receiving the same quality of care.
"The truth is we're the only state that has so many restrictions on conditions, on everything," he said. "The government has no right to refuse clinical data that says that XYZ condition is helped by medical marijuana, to say 'no it's not,' as well as ABC conditions. You know that's the next fight, as well as the fact that many patients can't afford [the current medication]."
The Compassionate Care Act has no provision which would require insurance providers to cover the cost of a marijuana prescription, meaning that most patients will have to pay for their medicine entirely out of pocket.
As of January 28th, only 306 physicians had registered to take part in the NYS Medical Marijuana Program, and 465 patients had been certified by their doctors. Poretsky hopes to raise both of those numbers by persuading more doctors and pharmacists to register, and by connecting patients with practitioners certified to treat their conditions.
"There is still a long way to go," he added. "We need to change the laws in the state, that's my main goal...as well as right now to get the patients that need it in touch with a doctor that can help them and get their medical marijuana."
There is hope for patients suffering from conditions not covered through the current program, as expanding the list of qualifying conditions may not require any additional laws to be passed at all. Under the Compassionate Care Act the Department of Health Commissioner reserves the right to add new qualifying conditions to the program.
"This is a major victory for patients. If the patient and physician agree that a severe debilitating or life-threatening condition should be treated with medical marijuana, it is cruel for government to stand in the way," said Assembly Member Richard N. Gottfried of the program when it was signed into law.
Not all involved are dissuaded by the uniquely strict list of conditions presently covered under the Compassionate Care Act, however. Nicholas Vita, the Vice Chairman and CEO of Columbia Care sees a very bright silver lining in tough regulations which went into the act.
"We are actually really encouraged by this law, and we're encouraged by it for one primary reason: it's very methodical, and it has incredibly strict quality controls," Vita said. "Ultimately what matters most is just that, and no other state that I'm aware of has greater [controls]."
Vita believes that while the current legislation may be limiting in terms of who qualifies for medicinal cannabis, it also lays the groundwork for ensuring only high-quality, well regulated, and above all safe medication goes into New York's supply.
All of the marijuana issued through Columbia Care in New York is sourced through the company's own carefully regulated cultivation center in Rochester. Columbia Care also employs independent labs which test its products for both consistency and quality.
"It's a new arm of healthcare... it requires dialogue and discourse," Vita added.
In addition to tight controls over who can distribute and receive medical marijuana, the Compassionate Care Act also restricts how patients can use the medicine. It is still illegal to smoke marijuana in New York State, and the legislation does not provide for it to be infused in other edible goods; only medicinal oils and tinctures can be used.
Mr. Poretsky says that patients who may qualify for the Medical Marijuana Program may learn more by visiting the Suffolk Healthcare Cannabis Alliance's website or Facebook page.
Of course, they can also make an appointment at the new Columbia Care Facility in Riverhead, where patients will find a warm, open environment accented by sleek, modern design. Though the exterior of the facility may look like any other medical building, once inside, it's clear that Columbia Care Facility is anything but ordinary.
Columbia Care's Long Island Facility can be found at 1333 East Main Street in Riverhead. Those who live further west on the Island will be happy to know that a second dispensary also opened up in Lake Success today; it is located on 2001 Marcus Avenue and operated by Bloomfield Industries. Additionally, Columbia Care's NYC Location in Union Square opened up its doors earlier this month, on January 7th.
Designed by WOHA Architects, the PARKROYAL on Pickering Hotel in Singapore features six incredible sky gardens that are cantilevered at every fourth level between the blocks of guest rooms.
PARKROYAL on Pickering is a hotel-in-a-garden concept that incorporates energy-saving features throughout the property including the ‘zero-energy' sky gardens. The sustainable project design and green efforts have earned the hotel the BCA Green Mark Platinum, Singapore's highest green rating, as well as the Solar Pioneer Award for its innovative solar energy system.
The hotel recently celebrated it's one-year anniversary. In that time the hotel has won more than 12 prestigious awards for its architecture and sustainability, including: The President's Design Award, “Best Hotel Architectural Design” title at the South East Asia Property Awards, FIABCI Singapore Property Award in the Hotel category and the 2013 HICAP Sustainable Hotel Award (Sustainable Project Design). The property was also named “Hotel of the Year” at the World Architecture News Awards.
The 367-room hotel cost $350 million to build and features 15,000 square metres (161,459 sq. ft) of cascading greenery, reflecting pools, waterfalls, planter walls and four-storey high solar-powered sky gardens, constituting more than twice its land area.
[via ArchDaily]
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
Space Soldiers are the winners of GeForce Cup 2017 after defeating Red Reserve 2-0.
Map one of the final was Cobblestone, picked by Space Soldiers. After finishing the first half up 11-4, the Turkish team struggled a little bit, but still ran out 16-8 victors. Once more, Ismailcan "XANTARES" Dörtkardeş showed why he is one of the best Turkish players, putting on a 1.56 rating.
XANTARES was in great form throughout the GeForce Cup
On Mirage, Red Reserve's pick, the tables did not turn as Space Soldiers cruised to a 14-1 lead. Now playing on the Terrorist side, Engin "MAJ3R" Küpeli's men took two rounds in a row to seal a 16-1 victory and win the match.
GeForce Cup 2017 Best of 3 Space Soldiers Matchpage 2 0 Red Reserve 16 Cobblestone 8 16 Mirage 1
Space Soldiers K - D +/- ADR Rating 2.0 Ismailcan 'XANTARES' DörtkardeşXANTARES 47 - 22 +25 112.6 1.78 Ahmet 'paz' Karahocapaz 40 - 24 +16 101.1 1.49 Engin 'ngiN' KorngiN 33 - 18 +15 84.0 1.47 Buğra 'Calyx' ArkınCalyx 28 - 16 +12 71.7 1.30 Engin 'MAJ3R' KüpeliMAJ3R 20 - 24 -4 61.9 0.94 Red Reserve K - D +/- ADR Rating 2.0 Mikail 'Maikelele' BillMaikelele 34 - 32 +2 86.2 1.06 Joakim 'Relaxa' GustafssonRelaxa 22 - 30 -8 62.9 0.82 Alfred 'RuStY' KarlssonRuStY 16 - 34 -18 62.4 0.73 Fredrik 'FREDDyFROG' GustafssonFREDDyFROG 20 - 35 -15 62.5 0.67 Hampus 'hampus' Poserhampus 12 - 37 -25 38.7 0.39
This is Space Soldiers's second title of the month, after winning the 4Gamers CSGO Masters in Lisbon on May 7, and it comes as a huge boost ahead of ESL One Cologne, from July 7-9.
GeForce Cup 2017 final standings:
It's called the "Irritating game" which supposedly uses the whole processing power of your brain. Try to use both of your brain hemispheres at the same time, as better as you can! It's a very good tool for your brain's processing speed and its neuroplasticity. The more you play, the better your brain neural circuits in the brain's motor cortex (mainly but not only) will become. We agree that the taglines that appear at the end of each session, could be written in a nicer way, but please do not pay attention to that, the game itself is what is good! Have fun.
Neuroplasticity, also known as brain plasticity, is a term that encompasses both synaptic plasticity and non-synaptic plasticity, it refers to changes in neural pathways and synapses due to changes in behavior, environment, neural processes, thinking, emotions, as well as changes resulting from bodily injury. ~ Wikipedia
On Monday, Pope Francis delivered the annual Christmas greeting to the cardinals, bishops and priests of the Vatican that was anything but cheery. In fact, the leader of the Catholic institution used the opportunity to shame his clergy for many members' desire for power at the expense of living a religious life -- what he called, "spiritual Alzheimer's."
He spoke of the "terrorism of gossip" which can "kill the reputation of our colleagues and brothers in cold blood." He said that cliques can "enslave their members and become a cancer that threatens the harmony of the body," and that these power-hungry clergy lived lives "typical of mediocre and progressive spiritual emptiness that no academic degree can fill."
Advertisement:
"These and other maladies and temptations," Francis continued, "are a danger for every Christian and for any administrative organization, community, congregation, parish, ecclesial movement, etc., and can strike at both the individual and the corporate level."
The Associated Press' Nicole Winfield reports:
The cardinals were not amused. The speech was met with tepid applause, and few were smiling as Francis listed one by one the 15 "Ailments of the Curia" that he had drawn up, complete with footnotes and Biblical references. The annual Christmas greeting comes at a tense time for the Curia, the central administration of the Holy See which governs the 1.2-billion strong Catholic Church. Francis and his nine key cardinal advisers are drawing up plans to revamp the whole bureaucratic structure, merging offices to make them more efficient and responsive.
"The Curia is called on to always improve itself and grow in communion, holiness and knowledge to fulfill its mission," he said. "But even it, as any human body, can suffer from ailments, dysfunctions, illnesses."
Pope Francis, an Argentine, had never worked in the Italian Curia before becoming pope, so many cardinals feel as if an outsider insults what he does not fully understand.
In an interview with CNN's Christiane Amanpour, Vatican watcher Marco Politi said that Francis has also faced pushback for his progressive social views. "Within the Church, there is a tough group of conservative bishops and priests and cardinals, and also very traditionalist bishops and cardinals who are practically against the Pope, who are working against the Pope," said Politi. "They don't like what he wanted to do with the synod about family, to give new possibilities to remarried and divorced people to get the communion, or to have a new look on the homosexual union."
Click here for a complete list of Francis' 15 "Ailments of the Curia."
Williams started the Abu Dhabi weekend by fitting Pastor Maldonado's FW35 with a non-coanda exhaust configuration, trying to do some testing for 2014 where such an exhaust will be entirely banned. Even though the exhaust positions are not quite what it will have to be in 2014- where a single exhaust pipe in the centre of the car will be mandatory - , the team hoped that be removing the exhaust channel (inset) they would get more consistent readings that are not that much influenced by the exhaust flow.
While Valtteri Bottas was also trying some 2014 parts, the team and Pastor found such improvements in the package without Coanda exhaust that the team decided to fit both cars with this package for the remainder of the weekend.
The results do pose a few questions on what is really going on at Williams. It's also not clear whether the test at Abu Dhabi are the result of Pat Symonds' influence to the team, but at least now the team appears to have accidentally stumbled on one of the major culprits of their troubled FW35.
The thing is that Williams have never been able to get the Coanda exhaust perfectly right, and they have never denied it either. At the final pre-season test of the season, in March this year at Barcelona, the team also came up with a ramp style exhaust similar to Red Bull and Lotus. However, the team found it wasn't working as expected, forcing a return to the McLaren style Coanda exhaust. Strangely however, this had worked well for McLaren in 2012, but Williams failed to get it working entirely as predicted in the wind tunnel, suggesting that the team is currently struggling with wind tunnel to track correlation, as was Ferrari last year.
It's been well documented that the Coanda exhaust is difficult to simulate in a windtunnel, as the flow is generated by the engine, acting as a very powerful air pump pushing out hot gases. Pumping air through pipes within the wind tunnel model is difficult enough already, leaving alone that this air needs to be heated. If you consider that F1 wind tunnels are all closed circuit systems, a hot exhaust flow would increase overall air temperature within the tunnel very soon, making further tests impossible until the tunnel is cooled down again.
This complexity is exactly why many teams were seen on-track running pitot tube arrays and heat cameras looking to this area of the car in an attempt to really understand where the exhaust flow is going.
Essentially for Williams, it's obviously a good thing that they now found an important reason for their car's current performance, but whether this is reassuring for their ongoing development is another question.
The new president of the NRA is a good ol' Southern boy, who sounds even crazier than the group's gun-nut mouthpiece Wayne LaPierre.
Alabama lawyer Jim Porter has called U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder “rabidly un-American” and proudly spews the Confederate line on the Civil War.
In a June speech, Porter noted the NRA was “started by some Yankee generals who didn't like the way my Southern boys had the ability to shoot in what we call the ‘War of Northern Aggression.' ”
“Now y'all might call it the Civil War, but we call it the ‘War of Northern Aggression' down South,” Porter said to the New York State Rifle & Pistol Association.
He also advocates training all U.S. civilians to use standard military firearms so “they're ready to fight tyranny.”
“Every time you take your nephew out to the gun club, every time you take your daughter skeet shooting, every time you take your grandchildren out, we're passing on the legacy of freedom,” Porter said in the June speech.
He went on to say that fighting for the Second Amendment was “vital to the very fabric of this country.”
Jim Porter says the NRA was 'started by some Yankee generals who didn't like the way my Southern boys had the ability to shoot in what we call the 'War of Northern Aggression.'
“We got the pads put on, we got our helmets strapped on, we're cinched up, we're ready to fight, we're out there fighting every day,” he said to loud applause.
Nearly a year later, Porter — currently vice president of the NRA and chairman of its Legal Affairs Committee — is bent on overturning recently tightened gun laws that states, including New York, adopted after the Newtown massacre.
“At this stage in the NRA's history, Jim Porter will be the perfect match for president,” said outgoing President David Keene.
“We will have to move to courts to undo the restrictions placed on gun owners' rights in New York, Connecticut, Maryland and Colorado,” Keene told The Washington Times.
Porter, son of former National Rifle Association President Irvine Porter, will be in Houston on Friday to kick off the organization's national convention.
On the eve of the three-day event, the country's latest shooting in a public place occurred just a few miles from where the group is meeting.
NRA Vice President Wayne LaPierre has been trumped in the crazy department by the gun rights organizations incoming president. (MICHAEL REYNOLDS/EPA)
Cops said a man opened fire inside Houston's Bush International Airport on Wednesday afternoon and died in a confrontation with law enforcement officials. Police believe the man shot himself.
Porter, a former Alabama assistant attorney general, is set to begin his two-year term on Monday.
“I am honored to be able to continue their work to ensure that the inalienable rights to keep and bear firearms for the defense of one's country, family and self is protected for future generations,” he said in a statement.
NRA Executive Vice President Wayne LaPierre will remain the public face of the group.
The outspoken LaPierre has bashed all government efforts to curb gun violence through legislation.
Following the Dec. 14 mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School, LaPierre proposed putting armed guards in every school in America.
“The only thing that stops a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun,” he said.
Sign up for BREAKING NEWS Emails privacy policy Thanks for subscribing!
Eminent climate scientist Michael Mann of Penn State noticed not one but two horrible things about Friday evening.
You never want to see a Hurricane that looks like this at landfall.
I fear #Harvey will take a heavy toll. Be safe folks. pic.twitter.com/1r0CXvhghm — Michael E. Mann (@MichaelEMann) August 26, 2017
The second one was that Trump dropped a load of shady announcements while eyes and cameras were on the Texas coast:
Bush may have botched #Katrina, but at least he didn't exploit in heinous manner Trump has just exploited #Harvey: https://t.co/k8Sih3iTc3 — Michael E. Mann (@MichaelEMann) August 26, 2017
That's right, instead of hunkering down with an emergency response team or consulting FEMA as category 4 Hurricane Harvey made landfall, Trump's mind was on voiding the criminal contempt of court verdict against former sheriff Joe Arpaio of Maricopa County.
Even if the timing had not made the move gauche, it was objectionable on a large number of grounds.
First, the criminal contempt of court sentence was issued by the judiciary, and Trump voided it even though Arpaio had not been sentenced or served any time. Many observers saw this high-handed intervention not as a pardon so much as it was a blatant shredding of the separation of powers.
Second, Arpaio is charged with a whole series of serious offenses. Although he is no longer sheriff, his legacy is a dangerous one and you would not want to see other sheriffs encouraged that they could get away with this behavior.
The Phoenix New Times newspaper has been reporting on Arpaio for years, and its editors recalled his many alleged crimes.
Arpaio illegally and routinely engaged in profiling Arizona Latinos, arresting them for existing while Latin.
For instance, he rounded up people and put them in a tent city that Arpaio himself admitted was a “concentration camp.”
Or, there was that suspiciously high rate of “suicides” among the prisoners in his jail, far more than in any similar institution.
Arpaio even wrongly arrested the reporters the newspaper sent to cover him, and the county had to pay the newspaper's owners nearly $4 million in damages for false arrest.
Even after having been found guilty of profiling Latinos, he went on doing it. That behavior resulted in his being found guilty of criminal contempt of court.
And that was when Trump cavalierly wished the people of Texas “good luck” and turned his attention to pardoning Arpaio.
William J. "Bill" Bratton, NYC's police commissioner in the mid-1990s, might return under Bill de Blasio. NY Daily News/Getty Images
In several radio interviews leading up to the November 5 election, mayor-to-be Bill de Blasio mentioned
William J. Bratton, whom he called a “very key adviser,” as a top candidate for New York City's next police commissioner. If picked, Bill Bratton would return to the department where two
decades ago his career as a data-driven crime fighter took off. After leading the New York Transit Police from 1990 to 1992, Bratton moved to the top of the New York Police Department for two more years, from 1994 to 1996. While running the NYPD under Mayor Rudy Giuliani, he instituted two seminal
initiatives — the statistically driven management method known as CompStat, and a zero-tolerance model of policing — that gained much favor with tough-on-crime politicians. Bratton would go on to burnish his credentials as the nation's top cop by running the Los Angeles Police Department from 2002 to 2009.
But Bratton's possible return to public office in New York is complicated by his other career as a private sector consultant and corporate board member. After leaving public office the first time in 1996, Bratton took on lucrative consulting jobs. When he again retired from public service in 2009, Bratton joined the boards of several companies that sell technology, surveillance gear, and other goods to police forces, including the NYPD. These companies include
Manhattan-based Kroll Inc., Motorola Solutions, and ShotSpotter Inc.
A billion-dollar security firm that
contracts mostly with corporations, Kroll was established in 1972 and soon became known as “Wall Street's private eye,”
per the official history on the company's website. The Los Angeles Times‘ Joel
Rubin has reported that it was Michael Cherkasky, a former prosecutor in the New York District Attorney's Office then working as a Kroll executive, who recruited Bratton in 1996. Over
a period of more than a decade, the city of Los Angeles paid Kroll $16 million to implement a federal court order aimed at eliminating corruption within the LAPD.
Bratton left Kroll after only a year to
assume the post as L.A.'s chief of police. When he stepped down in 2009, Kroll's work with the LAPD was done, but Cherkasky lured Bratton back. By that time, Kroll had become a subsidiary of Altegrity, a holding corporation led by Cherkasky. Bratton's new title: chairman of Altegrity Security Consulting.
In November 2012, Bratton relinquished his chairmanship. But he remains a “senior advisor” to Kroll, which since 2010 has won $1.7 million in New York City contracts, mostly for “investigative consulting services” provided to the New York City Law Department. Michelle Creeden, a spokeswoman for the company, says she has been in contact with Bratton's office and that he is not available to speak with the press about his potential return to the NYPD. She declined to comment about Bratton's financial relationship with Kroll or whether he was involved in any work the firm has done for the city.
In 2011, electronics giant Motorola Solutions elected Bratton to its board of
directors. Securities and Exchange Commission filings show that Motorola paid Bratton $100,000 in cash and $140,028 in stock awards in 2012, and that Bratton owns more than 10,000 stock options worth an estimated $630,000. When Bratton joined Motorola's board, the company's statement to shareholders cited his “significant experience in law enforcement both in the U.S. and abroad and his insight in criminal justice system operations.”
Motorola Solutions is a major vendor to police departments nationwide; other clients include the army, the border patrol, the federal prison system, and the National Security Agency. Serving alongside Bratton on the board of directors is retired U.S. Air Force General Michael Hayden, former
director of the National Security Agency and the CIA.
In terms of sheer dollars, Motorola
Solutions is one of New York City's largest vendors. According to the comptroller's contract database, the city has paid the company $34 million since 2011, mostly through sales of radios and other communications gear. (Contracts on file with the city of Los Angeles show Motorola has sold approximately $107 million in goods and services to that municipality, most of it in the form of communications equipment used by the LAPD.)
Tama McWhinney, a spokeswoman for Motorola Solutions, declines to comment about Bratton's role or on speculation that he might be offered the job of New York
police commissioner.
The Voice asked the New York City
Conflict of Interest Board whether Bratton would have to resign from his corporate posts and sell off stock holdings if he were to accept nomination for city office. Though the board never comments on cases either hypothetical or actual, a COIB attorney pointed to procedures undertaken during the Bloomberg administration.
Prior to taking office, Mayor Bloomberg disclosed extensive financial holdings that created potential conflicts of interest. His senior staff also had to disclose their financial interests, which included real estate holdings in Manhattan and stock in numerous companies regulated by and doing business with the city. For example, the COIB required Bloomberg to recuse himself from all matters related to New York's regulation of cable franchises, because his Bloomberg Television company is carried by cable companies, and decisions he might have made as mayor, or as a member of the city's Franchise and Concession Review Committee, could have indirectly affected the financial success of Bloomberg TV.
In several instances, the COIB advised Bloomberg's incoming staff to sell stock holdings and real estate interests and resign from private-sector boards and executive positions before taking public office, and also to recuse themselves from certain business while in office. For example, Daniel Doctoroff, whom Bloomberg appointed deputy mayor for economic development in 2002, had to resign from the boards of multiple companies and place his stock portfolio in a blind trust administered by an independent third party. He was barred for the duration of his tenure as a city official from involving himself in any matters concerning Oak Hill Capital, the private equity firm in which he had been a partner.
ShotSpotter is a California engineering company that designs and builds gunshot-detection systems that are deployed in more than 80 cities. New York City has no contracts with ShotSpotter, but according to city records, in 2009 and 2010 the company hired the Greenberg Traurig law firm to lobby the mayor's office and the NYPD. Bratton joined ShotSpotter's board earlier this year, after Motorola Solutions invested $12 million in the company.
Motorola declines to say whether Bratton's role with ShotSpotter is related to the investment.
Back in 2008, when he was leading the LAPD, Bratton advised the city to purchase ShotSpotter's system. “Should funding become available,” he wrote to the L.A. Police Commission, “the Department would benefit from the use of this technology.”
Earlier this year, Bratton formed his own company, Bratton Technologies, which is developing a LinkedIn–style social network for law enforcement officers.
John Roderick, a spokesman for Bratton Technologies, says Bratton isn't answering journalists' queries about the possibility of rejoining the NYPD. Roderick adds that Bratton Technologies' BlueLine social network is nearing its launch, and that, unlike products offered by Motorola Solutions, ShotSpotter, and Kroll, “it's not sold to
police departments.” Says Roderick: “It's free to join, offered to individual officers.”
ISLAMABAD: Former captain and Pakistan's cricket ambassador to China, Javed Miandad, has suggested that Pakistan should play its home series in China as it will help promote the game in the country.
“At a time when cricket playing nations are reluctant to visit Pakistan, I think China is another option for us to play our home series,” he said on Tuesday.
Foreign cricket teams have refused to play in Pakistan citing security concerns after the armed attack on the Sri Lankan cricket team in Lahore last year.
He said the people of China wanted to promote cricket in their country, which was the most popular game of the subcontinent.
“They want to promote cricket in their country and need our help. I think the best thing we can do is to hold our matches there,” he suggested.
Miandad said the cricket stadium at the Guangdong University of Technology, where the Twenty20 International cricket tournament in the Asian Games was held, was suitable for all kinds of international matches.
The ground had an 80-metre boundary, seven pitches and other facilities which suit international standards, he added.
Miandad said Pakistan Cricket Board chairman Ijaz Butt during his visit to China was astonished by the quality of the ground and facilities being provided.
He said Ijaz Butt had also desired to make China as one of the venues to host Pakistan's home series.
The former captain said China had great talent of cricket and their future in the game was bright.
“I have been looking after their cricketing affairs for the past two years. Although they are new to the game, they have the potential to improve,” he remarked.
Pakistan and China had also signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) for promotion of cricket during President Asif Ali Zardari's first visit to China, as head of the state, a couple of years ago.
Under the MoU, Pakistan agreed to provide all necessary assistance to China for promotion of the game.
After that, both the countries gave important assignments to Miandad with Pakistan appointing him ambassador to Cricket China while China making him senior advisor to the China Cricket Association.
The cricket great said Pakistan was also considering sending a group of former players to train Chinese youth.
He said the International Cricket Council and Asian Cricket Council had also asked cricket playing nations to help China and the United States of America to promote the game.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS (KTVI) – One of two businesses licensed in Missouri to sell CBD oil used to treat patients with intractable epilepsy will be going out of business unless state lawmakers change the current law.
Mitch Meyers, CEO of Beleaf, which grows cannabis plants to make the oil, said it cut production to about 10 percent of what it's capable of growing. Approximately 11,000 people in the state need cards to get the oil, but only 64 have them.
Neurologists issue the cards like prescriptions. State Representative Donna Baringer of District 82 is pushing lawmakers to pass House Bill 937, which calls for enhancing the use of CBD oil to include other neurological conditions and allow any board licensed doctor to issue cards to get it. Parents in need of the oil are going to other states to obtain it.
The bill, sponsored by Baringer, comes up in committee again next week.
Close
Google has blasted Hollywood's biggest trade association for being in cahoots with a state attorney general to bring back an old law that promotes censorship of the Internet.
In a blog post, Google senior vice president and general counsel Kent Walker said the company is "deeply concerned" about the Motion Picture Association of America's (MPAA) efforts to collude with the Mississippi state attorney general to revive the Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA), which was hugely unpopular with most Internet companies, big and small, and the general public.
"While of course we have serious legal concerns about all of this, one disappointing part of this story is what this all means for the MPAA itself, an organization founded in part 'to promote and defend the First Amendment and artists' right to free expression,'" Walker said. "Why, then, is it trying to secretly censor the Internet?"
Google's criticism stems from documents unearthed by The Verge and the Huffington Post from the 250 GB worth of internal Sony Pictures documents leaked by hackers from Guardians of Peace.
Email correspondences between Sony general counsel Leah Weil and MPAA global general counsel Steven Fabrizio reveal how the trade group called together six Hollywood studios for a "get tough strategy" against Goliath, a codename largely believed to stand for Google.
The Verge says the MPAA has budgeted half a million dollars from the studios and another $1.17 million from the MPAA to fund a new campaign against Google, one of the biggest and most vocal opponents of SOPA. Aside from Sony Pictures, the six studios also included Warner Bros., Walt Disney, 21st Century Fox, NBC Universal and Paramount Pictures.
"The MPAA conspired to achieve SOPA's goals through non-legislative means," Walker said.
Google also slammed Mississippi attorney general Jim Hood, a known SOPA supporter, for working with the MPAA more than he actually lets on. A lengthy letter sent to Google by Hood in November accused the search company of numerous offenses "over which he lacks jurisdiction," Google said.
The Verge reports that the MPAA knew about the subpoena's existence even before it was sent to Google. In fact, the letter, which says "overwhelming evidence shows that Google facilitates and profits from numerous illegal online activities ranging from piracy to illegal drug sales and human trafficking," has been written in large part by an attorney for Jenner & Block, the MPAA's long-time law firm.
The New York Times posted the letter online, revealing how it has been minimally edited by Hood before it was sent to Google.
The Verge also reveals emails circulating among MPAA members where MPAA counsel Vans Stevenson discussed how they can support Hood in an upcoming meeting between Google and Hood and other attorneys general.
"[Attorney] General Hood called me last night and asked that we provide fresh examples for his planned live 'search' demonstration of illegal site activity, including the availability of motion pictures only in theatrical release, which we are working on with our [outside counsel] Tom Perrelli's team," Stevenson said.
An email from Perrelli forwarded to the studios by Stevenson a few days after shows how Perrelli and his team coached Hood and other attorneys general what to say during the Google meeting. The email says the attorneys general "are going to start the meeting by saying that they are frustrated that Google has not acted." It also says that Perrelli spent more time with Hood after the meeting and "got him focused on the key issues and the asks."
"He really does care a great deal about piracy -- and he doesn't get sidetracked by some of the things that Microsoft prefers," Perrelli said. "He wants Google to delist pirate sites and he is going to ask them to do that tomorrow."
Hood, however, says he has nothing to hide and points the finger back at Google for "trying to create a media issue out of thin air." He also says he was "not aware" of Jenner & Block's relationship with the MPAA and would not ask for counsel from Stevenson since he was not an attorney.
"As I said several times, we frequently ask the companies who report intellectual property theft to assist our office in identifying counterfeit items and evidence of how their property is being stolen," Hood said.
On May 8, an email from Fabrizio said the campaign had grown so advanced that it required additional resources. The email also noted that "there is only so far we can get with the AGs unless we develop better evidence and intelligence against Goliath." Other emails contemplated various other means to bring down Goliath, including lobbying for attorneys general to demand to investigate Google and identifying the states most conducive to litigation.
"When wrongdoing is taking place online, we work with and support appropriate law enforcement officials, including the attorneys general, as do many other industries," said Kate Bedingfield, spokesperson for the MPAA.
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
Tokyo Mirage Sessions #FE Developers On Adapting To The West And Its Localization
By Sato . June 29, 2016 . 2:00am
Tokyo Mirage Sessions #FE recently released in North America and Europe, and Atlus producer Shinjiro Takada and Nintendo designer Hitoshi Yamagami talked about localizing and adapting to the West in an interview with GameSpot.
A portion of the Western audience that appreciates Japanese games become very upset when any content in a game is altered during the localization process, regardless of how big or small the detail may be. When adapting a game for Western markets, does that affect how you go about designing some elements? Or do you ever feel like you have to strip away things that are central to the game's identity or purpose, just to make it a viable product outside of Japan?
Hitoshi Yamagami: Each country has its unique culture and taste. There are times when common sense in one country can be thoughtlessness in another. However, if we create a game with only that common sense that causes no problems in any of the countries, it can be a very boring game.
From among the various complex tastes of people worldwide, the developer selects settings and characters that appeal to as many people as possible. That being said, it is true that as we build up the settings and characters, we are sometimes obliged to change something in part of the game. This optimization does not destroy the identity of what we as developers want to convey. Developers would not accept such drastic changes. The changes made during localization are optimizations intended to bring to as many customers as possible the things that we want to convey. No major changes are made that would change what we want to convey.
Nintendo tends to be very hands-on with the projects they help out with, but what drove the decision for Atlus to handle the localization and not Treehouse?
Yamagami: The games that Atlus translates bring out the atmosphere of Atlus very well. The games that Nintendo translates bring out the atmosphere of Nintendo. With the text of this title, we wanted to bring out the atmosphere of the games that Atlus creates, as much as possible. That is why we asked Atlus to do the work of translating the text. The Development Team is convinced that fans in the English-speaking world will find the game full of expressions typical of Atlus games.
While we love getting access to the Japanese voice cast in a game, it seems like an uncommon choice. Many Japanese games that come to the West replace the voice cast with English actor entirely. What's the full story behind deciding not to localize the voice acting?
Yamagami: That is because the essence of this game lies in songs. When you listen to a song from overseas, people mostly listen to it in the original language. People who listen to Japanese music overseas would most likely hear it in the original Japanese. In this title, the voice actors who sing the songs also do the voices of the characters. (The voice and the songs sung by a character are played by the same voice actor.) In order to take full advantage of this characteristic, we thought it better not to dub the voices. Of course, we could look for a song that an English-speaking voice actor could sing, and use the same concept to localize it, but that would delay the launch by another year. The result of overall consideration by the development team was to adopt the format of: Japanese voice, Japanese song, and English subtitling.
Read the full interview at GameSpot.
Tokyo Mirage Sessions #FE is available for Wii U. You can read Siliconera's interview with Atlus producer Shinjiro Takada who talked about how the game evolved from Shin Megami Tensei X Fire Emblem to Tokyo Mirage Sessions #FE here.
Admission: we weren't the biggest fans of Styx: Master of Shadows. Despite showing a bit of potential here and there, it was impossible to look past how incredibly frustrating and repetitive the entire game was – there was simply no fun to be had. So going into the sequel, our scepticism was naturally at an all-time high. But we need not have worried, because although our reluctance felt justified going into Styx's second outing, what greeted us was a monumental evolution in every sense of the term.
While it does come with its own set of slight flaws, this follow-up feels like the series' coming out party as the glints of promise from the predecessor come to the forefront and the complaints of frustration fall by the wayside for the most part. Styx: Shards of Darkness just did an Assassin's Creed II. Kinda.
What we have here is a third-person stealth game that puts you in the role of Styx, a goblin who has become an enemy of the empire. Those on the throne have given the imp-like race the title of The Green Plague, and to combat their infestation the empire has set up squads known as C.A.R.N.A.G.E. with the sole purpose of wiping out the green epidemic. After robbing three guardsmen of their pay during the game's tutorial mission, it's the leader of the aforementioned C.A.R.N.A.G.E. squad who Styx is intercepted by: Helledryn. But she's not out for Styx's blood, as the two of them strike a deal which gives our green goblin instructions to board an airship and steal an object known as the scepter.
The narrative present blows any sort of plotline found in Master of Shadows out of the water. It's cohesive, interesting, easy to follow, and most importantly, fun. You'll root for Styx in his quest for the specter and in turn see a different side to the C.A.R.N.A.G.E. leader Helledryn, while you slaughter all those beneath her in stature. It's an enjoyable ride that gets you from open to close, but on the other hand it's probably not something you'll look back on in a few months' time. It's a serviceable story, but if there's one thing that will stick with you, it'll be Styx himself.
The green gremlin is very much the star of the show largely thanks to his personality. In-game he'll make references to movies and relate them to what he's doing at the time. Hints to Toy Story, Tarzan, The Avengers, and The Lord of the Rings are just a few we picked up on. The humour then carries over into the death screens where before you have a chance to reload your save, Styx will make jokes about you, other games, and even the development team. There is the occasional joke that doesn't really hit, but for the most part the game will get a few genuine laughs out of you.
Unfortunately, the same cannot be said for the supporting cast thanks to some very hit or miss voice acting. The character of Djarak is the main offender, who either shows a little bit too much enthusiasm or nowhere near enough emotion in the majority of his lines. Other characters have it a little better – Helledryn for example – but it's safe to say that no other individual even comes close to the quality of Styx's performance.
The typical gameplay loop of Styx: Shards of Darkness does bear a resemblance to that of Master of Shadows, but some major tweaking here and there has gone a long way to making the sequel a far, far better experience. Once again your main tasks will revolve around completing objectives within a semi-open environment all while not being seen, and it's that second part that was the real kicker in the original. Fortunately, it's a bit better here.
The most relevant enhancement is the quick save function, which is mapped to a quick press of right on the d-pad. This systematically changes the game because if used well, you'll rarely find yourself having to repeat large sections over and over again. This in combination with some returning mechanics help to make the game a lot more manageable. Amber vision makes its comeback, which is the title's version of Batman's detective mode, and this helps by highlighting climbable objects within the environment and displaying the vision cones of enemies a la Metal Gear Solid.
Another clear inspiration is Hitman, as Styx can poison food in order to bring death to his enemies and then hide them in the numerous chests dotted around. Although it's only one body to one trunk here, so Agent 47 would not be so happy. A few other returning mechanics include the ability to extinguish torches from a distance using sand, and the limited powers that amber gives Styx such as turning invisible for a short amount of time, and the capability to create a clone of himself to distract guards. All in all, Styx: Shards of Darkness just feels like a better game to simply play. The quick save function is a revelation for this sort of title, and with the returning features from the original, everything feels a lot fairer and more manageable.
Regrettably, however, one aspect that has seen very little love or care in the transition from prototype to sequel is the climbing. The traversal resembles that of the Uncharted series to a point, in that you can climb along hand holds in rocks and walls and then Styx will hold his hand out to indicate which surface he's going to jump next to, but it's nowhere near as precise. You can control the goblin mid-jump and the majority of the time this becomes a detriment as Styx veers off in a direction you didn't intend or he'll miss the next ledge completely. This inaccuracy was a flaw present in Master of Shadows and so it's a shame to see it return in a game that is otherwise of a far higher quality.
At the end of each of the nine missions, you'll be rated in four different areas: swiftness for the time it took you to finish the level, shadow for the number of alerts you triggered, mercy for the amount of enemies you killed, and thief for the extent of your token collecting. You'll gain SP points depending on how well you do, and these can be spent on upgrades found in the game's skill tree. Split up into five sections, you can purchase enhancements for your invisibility skills, boosts to the crafting options on offer, and advance the options that amber vision gives you. It's a skill tree that helps to benefit you in smaller ways, rather than one that can dramatically change the game. You can also re-spec all of your accrued points at any time, meaning commitment isn't much of a consideration.
The entirety of Styx: Shards of Darkness can be experienced with a friend in two player co-op, but we were unable to test this function prior to launch. All your items, equipment, and skills carry over from your own game if you were to join another, but your options after that are a little limited. Manual saves are disabled for the joining player, and you are significantly weaker within combat. It seems like a neat little feature that some may get a kick out of, but this is one you'll have to try yourself.
Our playthrough of the ten hour campaign was done on a PS4 Pro, but this didn't exactly help the visuals. The game isn't the prettiest to look at, and when combined with constant texture pop-in, both in-game and during cutscenes, it's easy to see why the title won't be remembered for its graphical prowess. Furthermore, we encountered the occasional bit of buggy AI where enemies would get trapped on objects in the environment, as well as a random hard crash back to the PS4's dashboard. The frame rate does manage to stick to a constant 30 frames-per-second but outside of that, the technical performance could use some work.
A prototype is a preliminary model of something. Projects that offer physical products need to show backers documentation of a working prototype. This gallery features photos, videos, and other visual documentation that will give backers a sense of what's been accomplished so far and what's left to do. Though the development process can vary for each project, these are the stages we typically see:
GlassX is an easy to apply, protective liquid glass solution that utilizes revolutionary nanotechnology to protect and save your devices from scratches and shattering. There's no longer a need to buy screen protectors that only work with one product, and it's so simple to apply, even a third grader could do it. *Do not allow third graders to apply solution. It is not recommended* With GlassX, all you need is the solution, a heating source, and a cloth to wipe.
Each coating is a permanent coating that protects your iPhone and other devices from keys, drops, hammers and much more. We're also including Spraygard which is an anti smudge and scratch solution that extends the protection even further while creating an ultra smooth smudge resistant surface.
One GlassX vial can be used on up to 3 devices. Apply it on things like your Apple Watch, iPhone, Samsung device, and much more! You can now pre-order your GlassX now, saving up to 50% off its retail price.
GlassX will protect your device so well you'll think that there was an actual 2nd glass on there. GlassX protects “invisibly” on a nano scale so you never have to worry again.
What is GlassX?
Not all glass are the same. The glass on our devices all have imperfections that the naked eye could never see. These imperfections if zoomed in 1000x will show huge valleys and ridges that allow for sharp objects to latch onto. Once these sharp objects latch onto these ridges, scratches appear and only get bigger over time. We've developed a solution that will evenly bridge these gaps creating an ultra smooth surface.
Glass coated with GlassX
The main ingredient in our solution is SiO2, Silicon Dioxide. What is Silicon Dioxide? Silicon dioxide is a chemical compound mostly obtained by mining and purification of quartz. We've broken down the chemistry of SiO2 and formulated it into liquid glass. Our liquid glass creates an ultra smooth surface that protects it from the everyday wear and tear of our lives.
GlassX creates an ultra smooth hydrophobic layer of protection against oils and scratches.
These are some of the awesome features of GlassX:
Pioneered by California natives and engineered in the beautiful city of Commerce
The coating is virtually invisible and does not apply any bulk
GlassX is a permanent liquid glass coating
9H Scratch Resistant
Spraygard - Allows for an ultra smooth smudge and scratch resistant finish after GlassX is applied (also included)
One GlassX vial can coat up to 3 devices
Never worry about bubbles or yellowing again. The coating last the lifetime of your device.
GlassX Sharpie Test
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Water and Oil resistant to fight against smudges
Our coating goes on 1000x thinner than a single strand of human hair!
GlassX Cures into Glass
GlassX cured on glass
GlassX dries into actual glass with hydrophobic properties
GlassX works on all types of glass
Phone/Tablet displays, Watch faces, glass optical lenses, Camera lenses, Digital Cameras and other many other glass surfaces.
Scratch Test Results
The results were obtained by a third party testing lab, TouchStone Testing Lab and our coating has been cleared for having a hardness score of 9H! We're extremely happy and proud about this and can't wait till everyone's devices are protected with GlassX.
9H scratch test certification received!
Protects against the everyday wear and tear such as keys
We've stress tested the coating with a box cutter!
Falling screws were no problem for the invisible 9H coating
Even using the phone as a hammer was no issue for GlassX!
How do I use it?
Apply solution liberally onto your device's screen (recommended 6 drops per phone display, 8 drops for tablets)
Wipe and work the solution into the screen
Let the solution air dry until haze appears
Apply heat from source like hair dryer at a safe distance for 2 minutes
Repeat steps for 2 more coatings, totaling 3-5 coatings per device for optimal results
Use Spraygard once GlassX coatings are completed to give an ultra smooth smudge resistant surface
Where we're at
We've been engineering tirelessly for years trying to perfect the GlassX solution. We've finally come to the finish line and are now able to provide protection to all types of devices. What you see in this campaign is not wizardry or fake, this stuff actually works! With your support, we will be able to bring GlassX to the world, a solution that is engineered for elegance, and effectiveness.
Your contribution will help fund:
Procurement of solution materials
Production of larger quantities
Further research
And bringing the protection of GlassX to life for everyone utilize
Our goal
Our scientists and engineers are ready to take the next steps and move into mass production. We've done the research, spent countless hours testing in our labs, and now have the solution to your protection needs. We're ready to go, and excited to show the world what GlassX can do. We've also sourced our package manufacturers who will aid our California office in putting the orders together and to ship out. With many other industry leading vendors we've calculated the initial shipping dates. All we need now is your support. We plan to ship out orders of our first major production in August 2017 so you can run full steam into holiday season protected..
Why we need your help
Mass manufacturing a product like GlassX is no easy feat. We've become experts in doing that but need your financial support. The funds raised will allow us to put that directly towards covering upfront manufacturing costs. We need your help and we can't do it without you. We know this is going to be big! So let's take this first step together.
Stretch Goals
Together we can further protect your devices with the following stretch goals! Thank you backers!
Our timeline
GlassX Timeline
Be part of the global effort to protect our devices.
Special Thanks
THANK YOU!
A shout out to everyone who has supported and made GlassX what it is today! To the blood, sweat, and tears we've all shared. Bobby, this one is for you buddy. Wish you were here to see this. Music: www.bensound.com.
©GlassX 2017, All rights reserved. GlassX is a registered patent & trademark of Scissor Bunny, LLC. For more information visit www.ScissorBunny.com The Apple name, Apple logos and iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 7, and iPhone 7 Plus are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Apple Inc. The Samsung name, Samsung logos, and its devices are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of the Samsung Group.
In 2014, after three seasons away from The Real
Housewives of New York, Bethenny Frankel returned. Since then, the Bravo
staple has seen ratings rise, but will Bethenny be back with her signature
snark for season nine? When I sat down with her on Aug. 12, Frankel said she's been “distancing
herself from the show.”
“It was a long
year,” she said. “It's definitely work. … This is just a summer of freedom. … I'm glad that the audience is enjoying [the show], but I left it behind.”
Frankel says she's spent time with close pal and co-star Carole Radziwill this summer, but hasn't seen much of the other women. Her demeanor
when discussing RHONY seemed much more somber than it was just weeks before, when I spoke with her at
her New York City apartment in late June. In that interview, the Skinnygirl creator said she didn't know for
sure if she'd return, but made it seem likely. “I think so,” she said at the time. “I'm really glad I came back. I'm really proud of the show
this season and I really do care about and respect most of the women that are
on this show.”
WATCH: Bethenny Frankel Explains Why Her Daughter is No Longer
Seen on Reality TV
Her hesitance now seems to be stemming largely from the
volatile RHONY reunion taping in July. Frankel told me it was the
most difficult reunion she's ever filmed. “It was very, very negative and I
didn't enjoy it at all,” she said. “Something very dramatic
happened … that questioned my integrity. If someone questions my business
or my integrity I take it really seriously.”
“I live my life honestly,” she said. “You
have 50 percent of the cast that has a whole taboo, police line, ‘do not cross'
section of their life that is not discussed on camera and never has been. For legal issues and liability issues, Bravo doesn't need to bring it up and it's a difficult line to ride, and that may be why I don't come back.”
Frankel
said she's plenty busy with her production company, radio show and, of course,
Skinnygirl brands. “I'm doing what I want to do and
definitely making some changes in my personal and professional life, and deciding kind of how to line up all the pieces on
the board in the fall,” she said. “I have a lot of different businesses and
business decisions to make.”
Her
latest Skinnygirl product is the Watermelon Lime Margarita. “It's great for
parties,” she said. “I wanted to just come up with the next fun drink
and I think that watermelon is amazing.”
Additional good news came her way in mid-July, when Frankel
settled her nearly 4-year-long divorce battle with ex Jason Hoppy. “I am really
happy that I am on the other side of it, for sure,” she said. “But there are
still some obstacles.” Frankel still needs to sell the
apartment the pair once shared. “My summer of freedom is lighting me up,” she
said “I am in a really happy place.”
WATCH: Bethenny Frankel Reveals Whether She'll Get Married
Again
But the drama is still playing out on TV. Wednesday night's episode of RHONY will show Bethenny as she considers dropping a bomb on Luann de Lesseps: an alleged photo of Luann's fiancé, Tom, kissing another woman. The RHONY finale
airs August 24th, and the reunion will follow.
To hear Bethenny open about the health issues she struggled with this season, watch the video below.
Energy Secretary Rick Perry, whose agency oversees the nation's nuclear arsenal, is inserting himself into an unusually small political dispute: an election for student body president at Texas A&M. (Published Thursday, March 23, 2017)
U.S. Energy Secretary Rick Perry is suggesting that the election that gave his alma mater, Texas A&M, its first openly gay student body president was "stolen."
Perry was Texas' longest serving governor until leaving office in 2015. He was also an A&M yell leader, or cheerleader.
In an op-ed published Wednesday by the Houston Chronicle, Perry decried the election of Bobby Brooks, who finished second in voting but was awarded the presidency after his opponent, Robert McIntosh, was disqualified. McIntosh is the son of the Republican fundraiser Alison McIntosh, The New Times reported.
The secretary of energy criticized the decison by the election commissioner and university's judicial court to disqualify McIntosh for failing to report a campaign expense, NBC News reported.
Additionally, McIntosh was also reported at least 14 different times via the University's elections website for voter intimidation, the school's newspaper, The Batt, reported. The charges were later dropped.
Perry called the anonymous complaints made against McIntosh "dirty campaign tactics" by Brooks' supporters.
He argues that the move "made a mockery of due process and transparency" and "allowed an election to be stolen outright." Perry also alleged that the outcome would have been different "if the victim was different."
"It is difficult to escape the perception that this quest for 'diversity' is the real reason the election outcome was overturned," Perry wrote. "Does the principle of 'diversity' override and supersede all other values of our Aggie Honor Code?"
Texas A&M, in a statement to NBC News, said the school was surprised by Perry's editorial and took issue with his suggestion that the decision was biased against "a white man."
"To suggest that the same decision of disqualification would not have been made if the roles were reversed is to deny the Texas A&M of today where accountability applies to all," said Texas A&M spokesperson Amy Smith. “Bobby Brooks, in this role, represents all students of all backgrounds. I know that he takes this responsibility seriously and we look forward to working with him.”
Copyright Associated Press
WASHINGTON -- President Barack Obama on Monday signed legislation named for a Hamilton girl that's designed to alert foreign governments when registered sex offenders travel abroad.
The International Megan's Law to Prevent Child Exploitation and Other Sexual Crimes Through Advanced Notification of Traveling Sex Offenders was sponsored by U.S. Rep. Chris Smith (R-N.J.) and cleared by Congress last week.
The bill was named for Megan Kanka, a 7-year-old from Hamilton in Smith's district who was sexually assaulted and killed in 1994 by convicted sex offender who lived across the street. The original Megan's Law passed by the New Jersey legislature to require public notice when a sex offender moved into a neighborhood.
Under the new law, the Departments of Homeland Security and Justice are to inform foreign governments when registered sex offenders are visiting their countries, and to receive information when they come to the U.S. from abroad. In addition, passports issued to registered sex offenders will contain an identifying mark.
A 2010 Government Accountability Office report said that at least 4,500 U.S. passports went to registered sex offenders in fiscal year 2008. In addition, it seeks to have the U.S. informed when convicted sex offenders from overseas travel to this country.
Jonathan D. Salant may be reached at jsalant@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @JDSalant. Find NJ.com Politics on Facebook.
The UK government is betting big on driverless cars with the chancellor, Philip Hammond, announcing plans to change regulation to allow developers to test autonomous vehicles on British roads.
Ahead of the Budget, Hammond – echoing his predecessor, George Osborne – said that “bold reforms” to get driverless cars on UK roads by 2021 would see the country leading the world in new technologies and infrastructure.
But, given the Silicon Valley-led effort to develop driverless cars, it's going to be difficult for UK government-backed projects to make much impact – unless they have some breakthrough technologies under test. To date, however, there's no public evidence to suggest that the UK is ahead of the pack.
Government support for driverless vehicles might be justified if its impact on the clogged up transport system is clearly beneficial. Autonomous vehicles would need to be demonstrably safer than their human-driven counterparts to be publicly acceptable – but the technology isn't there yet.
If significant issues with automation can be ironed out, then higher safety rates should be achievable, given that most car crashes are due to human error. So we may expect a safety benefit from driverless cars and lower cost insurance. Beyond that, it seems likely that there will be two main impacts.
First, replacing the human driver with automation would drive down the cost of licensed taxis and private hire vehicles, enhancing their competitiveness. This is presumably why Uber – beset with regulatory issues relating to the employment status of its drivers – is so keen on this technology. Just recently, the company ordered 24,000 driverless cars from Volvo. Such robotic vehicles would fill the gap in service provision that exists between high-capacity, low cost public transport and low-capacity, high cost taxis.
Public transport proponents are anxious that autonomous vehicles will attract people away from buses, leading to gridlock. On the other hand, research suggests that the ready availability of automated taxis would probably reduce the appeal of owning a car, and robotic shared-use minibuses would allow door-to-door conveyance at reasonable charges. So, we can envisage a future in which the availability of shared-use autonomous vehicles fosters a shift away from private ownership in urban areas, with a beneficial impact on traffic congestion.
Second, private car ownership is likely to remain popular outside of cities. Driverless cars might be expected to allow new options, such as sending a vehicle home unoccupied, after delivering a passenger to their workplace. It's then freed up for use by others living in the same household. This could reduce car ownership per household, but would increase the number of miles travelled in one vehicle.
Another option would be “parking on the move” – programming a car to cruise round the block while the passenger nips out to the shops. However, such unoccupied vehicles would add to traffic and worsen congestion in urban areas, so they would need to be regulated to give priority to occupied vehicles.
A key test for any new autonomous vehicle technology is its positive and negative impacts on traffic congestion. In the absence of evidence from deployment at scale, the outcome is uncertain and the UK government's transport policy championing driverless vehicles is by no means a sure route to the future of mobility.
A fork in the road
The evolutionary approach to autonomous vehicles – pursued by the world's car manufacturing giants – offers to relieve drivers of tedious tasks with technology such as adaptive cruise control, which regulates the speed and space to the vehicle ahead.
The revolutionary route, pioneered by Waymo (a brand owned by Google), dispenses with the driver entirely. Other US companies with disruptive approaches are actively developing and investing in driverless technologies, including Tesla and Uber.
But where does that leave the UK government's pledge to be a world leader in an increasingly crowded market, especially given that big questions still hang over the technology's deployment at scale?
There are two related reasons why the government might attempt to “pick a winner” of this kind: industrial policy and transport policy. If, as Osborne claimed, driverless cars represent “the most fundamental change to transport since the invention of the internal combustion engine”, then support for autonomous vehicles should form part of the UK government's industrial strategy and transport policy.
In the past few years, the government has actively supported trials and future deployment of driverless vehicles on British roads. Projects are already underway in Bristol, Coventry, Greenwich and Milton Keynes; research and development is taxpayer funded; codes of practice for on-road testing have been published; and draft legislation has been introduced in parliament calling for vehicle insurance to cover both the motorist when driving and the car in automated mode.
But it's the lack of clarity on the UK government's transport policy that justifies cautious support of development, testing and deployment of driverless cars to improve research into the implications of what could yet turn out to be an important innovation for Britain's roads.
Which brings us neatly back to the UK transport ministry's bold statement: “These measures will help realise the chancellor's vision that fully self-driving cars will be on UK roads in as little as three years.”
Traditional transport technologies based on mechanical and civil engineering develop quite slowly. In contrast, digital technologies are fast and disruptive. Autonomous vehicles are where the digital hare has to ride on the back of the mechanical tortoise, with as yet uncertain consequences for the speed of travel.
Miami-based producer/mogul/Snapchat legend DJ Khaled is a very big supporter of his Miami Heat, and a friend to many of the players on the team. His best friend, perhaps, is center Hassan Whiteside, who has made regular appearances on his critically-acclaimed Snapchat stories.
Whiteside appeared in the music video for “I Don't Play About My Paper,” a song on Khaled's new album, I Changed A Lot, and frequently spends time at the producer's house.
Man Hassan Whiteside is at DJ Khaled's house hitting the hot tub and getting a massage. how can I befriend Khaled pic.twitter.com/UkMOuY3wgJ — Kenny Ducey (@KennyDucey) December 21, 2015
• Watch: DJ Khaled takes floor after Heat game, makes shot, gloats
As it turns out, Whiteside has benefited from DJ Khaled's presence at Heat games:
game result points rebounds blocks Nov. 8 vs. TOR W, 96–76 20 11 6 Dec. 5 vs. CLE W, 99–84 7 9 5 Dec. 22 vs. DET L, 93–92 16 16 4 Dec. 25 vs. NO W, 94–88 OT 8 17 4 AVERAGES 12.8 13.3 4.8
• Stats: Russell Wilson should tweet less before games
As you can see, Whiteside has surpassed his season averages (12.6, 11.0 & 4.0) when Khaled stops by American Airlines Arena.
It gets even better — Whiteside has averaged 14.3 points, 12.7 rebounds and 3.0 blocks per game in the three games he's played after hanging out with DJ Khaled the night before.
VISIT DATE NEXT GAME POINTS REBOUNDS BLOCKS Dec. 12 Dec. 13 vs. MEM 9 11 0 Dec. 20 Dec. 22 vs. DET 16 16 4 Dec. 27 Dec. 28 vs. BKN 18 11 5 AVERAGES 14.3 12.7 3.0
Aside from that Dec. 13 game against the Grizzlies, Whiteside has been a menace after eating Chef Dee's cooking, taking a soak in Khaled's hot tub and embracing his lion statue.
We'll see if this trend continues throughout the season, but one thing is certain, so far the relationship that the 26-year-old bigman has with Snapchat's king is a major key to his success.
Sony has outlined its self-publishing philosophy for PlayStation 4.
Senior account manager of developer relations in Europe Agostino Simonetta outlined four pillars for the service, starting with 'Every Developer Is a Publisher'.
PlayStation
"This is fundamental, and sets the basis for our relationship with our self-publishing partners," he explained at a Develop conference session attended by Digital Spy.
"Every single developer is a publisher, as far as we're concerned. We don't separate, we don't segregate indies from traditional publishers."
It means that developers can control the release date of a product and work directly with Sony on promotion across its digital channels.
The second pillar is 'Equality of Opportunity', where the business support that Sony offers is available to all partners, and isn't dictated by the number of games published or revenue earned, offering a "level playing field".
The third, something that Simonetta said it is passionate about, is offering a 'Personal Relationship', where developers don't go through a "faceless portal", but instead offer an "open door policy", with direct access to those making promotional and marketing decisions to a game.
Young Horses
Sony's support team is available to contact at no cost, with no limits on the number or size of requests, and operates through remote checking, phone conferences and studio visits.
"For us, it's key that each and every one of the companies working on PlayStation can come and talk to us at any point they want," he said.
The fourth and final pillar that Simonetta outlined was 'No Hurdles, Just Games'.
"We are working very hard to make sure PlayStation is as perfect as it can be for all independent developers that want to come and work for us," he explained.
"Our promise and commitment to the development community at PlayStation, from the very top of the organisation, is committed to this journey together."
Sony also outlined the submission and approval process, where there is just a single stage process for application, with a template and simple list of criteria.
A response will be supplied within one week, and from there, studios can then officially announce their game is coming to PS4.
Simonetta added that it is currently working on certain aspects - from the publishing process and business model to quality assurance - but wants to "make sure they're the best they can be".
It was added that more than 500 games from more than 160 partners have been self-published on PSN to date.
Sony's Mark Cerny also revealed how indies were "hindered" by the PS3 previously, and how it designed a "giant" controller to test accessibility for PS4 launch title Knack.
Upcoming self-published titles on PS4 include The Witness, Octodad: Dadliest Catch and Don't Starve.
Watch a trailer for The Witness below:
John Boehner.
On July 14, a conservative group began releasing a series of undercover videos showing officials from Planned Parenthood negotiating, in blunt and sometimes callous terms, the sale of fetal tissue for medical research. The videos set off a chain of events that culminated, strangely enough, in John Boehner's resignation as Speaker of the House of Representatives. And so a journalistic sting operation intended to expose the alleged depravity of social liberalism instead wound up exposing the fragile psyche of the American right, which remains unable to handle the realities of holding partial power in a divided government without regularly freaking out.
Related Stories Conservatives Hated Boehner Because He Couldn't Get Rid of Obama
The intermediary steps in that bizarre sequence involved a now-familiar procession of political rituals. The videos instantly catapulted Planned Parenthood to the top of conservative activists' hierarchy of intolerable evil, thus triggering an ingrained response to shut down the federal government, as had been threatened over Obama's immigration policies and carried out over Obamacare. Most Republicans, including Boehner, regarded this plan as horrendously misguided. Some recent NBC–Wall Street Journal poll numbers help explain their reluctance. Americans dislike the Republican Party quite a lot: Only 29 percent view it favorably, 45 percent unfavorably. They regard President Obama more favorably (46-40) and Planned Parenthood more favorably still (47-31). Another poll found that only a fifth of the public would rather shut down Washington than maintain funding for Planned Parenthood. The proposed strategy — an unpopular party using an unpopular tactic against a popular president in order to defund a popular organization — understandably struck Boehner as ill-advised.
Faced with the Speaker's reluctance to join in their suicidal gesture du jour, his tormentors resorted to the only leverage at their disposal: threatening to depose him. (Boehner's party controls 247 of 435 seats, meaning a defection of just 29 agitated Republicans could, in theory, take the gavel out of his hand.) The ritual of demands, threats, and nervous pacification proceeded much as it has many times before, until it climaxed with Boehner's unexpected announcement that they could take this job and shove it.
This was something new. The activists in the House had not just flexed their muscles but achieved a win. Far from delivering them a cherished victory, however, Boehner's announced resignation threw the rebels into disarray. This became clear in the ensuing days, during the succession struggle over the party leadership. The activists briefly rallied around Daniel Webster, a Floridian, as a potential Speaker, an effort that quickly collapsed. When Kevin McCarthy, the incumbent majority leader, solidified his position to succeed Boehner, some insurgents mustered a brief flurry of enthusiasm for Trey Gowdy of South Carolina to fill McCarthy's job. Gowdy decided instead to stay in the comfort of his chairmanship of the Benghazi Committee. Tellingly, neither Webster's nor Gowdy's supporters expressed any belief their leadership would fulfill the demand that precipitated Boehner's resignation. (For those who have already lost the thread, that would be shutting down the government over Planned Parenthood.)
The disappearance of the issue that had triggered the entire meltdown provided an important clue to the unusual nature of the confrontation. The rift dividing Boehner and his antagonists was not ideological or even necessarily substantive, and the rebel demands were not merely extreme — they were implacable.
Anti-Boehner Republicans described themselves as “conservatives.” (Representative Walter Jones: “I don't really know Kevin [McCarthy] that well, but I know that conservatives are not ready to have him.”) But Boehner is also a conservative — barely less so, if at all, than his opponents. He came to power in the House as an original lieutenant of Newt Gingrich, who helped Republicans discover that their party's only chance of power lay in withholding cooperation and instead attacking the Democratic majority. Boehner vociferously opposed all of Obama's major undertakings during the president's first two years in office, and when he became Speaker, he advocated for their repeal and advanced proposals that would roll policy dramatically in the opposite direction. Major legislation ground to a halt, with the two parties at odds on health care, taxes, regulation, and the general role of government.
That is to say that, contrary to the recriminations of Boehner's Republican critics and the nostalgia-tinged accolades heaped on him by moderates, Boehner did not preside over an era of compromise or bipartisanship. The overwhelming thrust of his tenure was one of obstruction. But obstructionism meant stalemate, and stalemate meant maintaining the status quo. Having deemed the status quo after two years of Obamaism a socialist monstrosity, the rebels demanded that the GOP bend the president to its will. Lacking the two-thirds majority required in both chambers to override a veto, however, it never had a chance to do this. None of which prevented bitter recriminations. The ultimate source of right-wing anger at Boehner was the Obama administration's continued existence.
Fury over not having enough power to force your leader to wield more power than is constitutionally possible is not an emotional state conducive to stable coalition-building. Over the years, right-wing discontent has sundered the party into a number of ever-shifting sub-factions. The “Republican Study Committee” used to serve as headquarters for those most dedicated to annoying their party's leaders. In 2010, the “Tea Party Caucus” formed, overshadowing the RSC before fading away. This past January, believing the ranks of the RSC had swollen with too many halfhearted members, a core of true believers split off to form the “Freedom Caucus.” Perhaps eventually the Freedom Caucus will give way to a Blood-Dimmed Tide Is Loosed Coalition.
Like the Weather Underground of the '70s, the Freedom Caucus keeps the identity of most of its members secret. Around 40 Representatives are believed to belong, though only nine publicly disclose their membership. “It's like Fight Club,” said Jim Bridenstine, one of the nine. David Frum, a moderate-conservative commentator, has mockingly summed up the beliefs of these fundamentalists as “If people don't appreciate what we are saying, then say it louder,” but the Freedom Caucus's most specific strategic contribution is literally that. “Many members want the leadership to be more vocal across the board,” Ted Poe of Texas explained to the Washington Post. “Things we bring up need to have more enthusiasm. Back home, they wouldn't mind a little more fire and brimstone.”
In 2011, during a strangely pervasive swell of dissatisfaction among Barack Obama's erstwhile supporters, I wrote that liberals have trouble handling authority. In general, we are much more comfortable fantasizing about power; the sensation of holding and using it seems to unsettle us, and we curl into ourselves with disappointment. Conservatives displayed far less grumpiness toward George W. Bush than liberals have toward Obama until the very end, when Bush's presidency collapsed so irretrievably the right had to hastily abandon its largely worshipful pose and write him out of the conservative tradition in order to contain the fallout.
Conservatives in the Freedom Caucus suffer from a similar but different problem: They do not seem capable of comprehending a world in which they exert less than total power. This failure to compute leads to bursts of angry behavior that is ineffectual by design. No scalp will satisfy, not when any new head starts to look like another scalp. No Freedom Caucus member who finds himself in the party leadership can be anything but a sellout, since betrayal is the only explanation for the failure of the right-wing agenda.
Earlier this week, House Republicans met to plan their post-Boehner future and came away with nothing more than a generalized agreement as to the need to be “more aggressive” and “play offense.” Representative Carlos Curbelo told the Washington Post, “It was a therapy session.” Therapy, not a new Speaker, may be exactly what Republicans need.
*This article appears in the October 5, 2015 issue of New York Magazine.
With Lance Lynn scheduled to start on Tuesday, it stood to reason the Cardinals would probably need a major contribution out of their relievers if they wanted to push the Dodgers to the brink of elimination. Indeed, the Cardinals did push the Dodgers to the brink, and indeed, the Cardinals did get a lot of help from their relief, with Seth Maness, Carlos Martinez, and Trevor Rosenthal holding the Dodgers scoreless from the sixth. But maybe the Cardinals' most important reliever wasn't a relief pitcher at all. Maybe it was another guy who handled the final four innings.
Obviously, the Cardinals had more visible heroes. Lynn himself pitched decently well into the sixth, all things considered. Matt Holliday hit a big dinger. Shane Robinson hit an insurance dinger. Matt Carpenter drove home the first run with a double. There was no one guy who allowed the Cardinals to win — a lot of different parts had to come together just right. Among those parts, though, was Pete Kozma, who helped his team in the playoffs in a much less surprising way than he did a year ago. Last October, for pretty much no reason, Kozma hit. Tuesday, Kozma just played the field.
I think a good way to sum up the Cardinals' shortstop situation is that Daniel Descalso started in a playoff game because Mike Matheny wanted more offense. Tuesday, Kozma didn't actually play until the bottom of the sixth, when he went in to play short and Descalso slid over to third. Armed with a lead, this was the Cardinals' preferred defensive alignment, and though defensive replacements seldom make much of an impact in the later innings, Kozma helped to preserve this game. There's an argument, not altogether ridiculous, that Kozma turned out to be the Cardinals' most important player. I don't know if I believe it, but I might as well advance it.
First of all, by the way, Kozma did bat once. He got hit by a pitch. He didn't score and it didn't matter, and it boosted the Cardinals' win expectancy by about 1%. A little more than that, but it's hardly worth being more specific. Kozma didn't do anything good or bad at the plate — he made a difference in the field.
And he made a difference on two plays. The first of them happened almost immediately. It was 3-2 in the sixth, and the Dodgers had one on with one out. In came Maness, up came Juan Uribe, and out went a grounder, to Kozma's right on a 1-and-1 sinker. Off the bat it looked like the ball could find a hole, but Kozma was able to gobble it up, and then some:
Carpenter, it has to be said, made a hell of a turn with Yasiel Puig flying right at him, and this double play wasn't turned by one man. But Kozma started it by making a good backhand in the hole. He then made a quick and accurate throw to second while falling away from the bag, a throw in plenty of time to beat the runner, and it was a throw that left Carpenter in good position to get the ball to first quickly. Kozma's made a habit of this kind of fade-away throw to second and there are few betters at it around baseball. This double play ended the Dodgers' inning.
The Cardinals' approximate win expectancy jumped from 64% to 73%. And though we can't know what would've happened were it not for Kozma, remember the guy whose place he took:
Descalso is not a good defensive shortstop. He's not even a particularly good defensive second or third baseman. Kozma is a good defensive shortstop. Descalso might not have been able to turn that same play into anything, were he presented with the opportunity. Let's quickly review the options.
Had the ball gotten through for a single, putting runners on first and second, the Cardinals' win expectancy would have dropped to about 56%. Had there been a fielder's choice at second, their win expectancy would have been about 69%. Had there been an out at first, with the runner advancing to second, their win expectancy would have been about 66%. It's impossible to isolate Kozma's contribution, given the lack of a control experiment and given Carpenter's turn, but this rather easily could've been a not-double-play. That would've been worse news, for the Cardinals, in a one-run affair.
The next defensive play where Kozma made a difference came an inning later, when the margin had been pushed to 4-2. The Dodgers were dealing with the reality of a game without Hanley Ramirez, but with one out, Nick Punto played the part of a slugger, doubling over Jon Jay's head. The Cardinals stood about a 79% chance of winning, but the stadium came back alive, having fallen silent after the Uribe double play and Robinson homer. From there it took zero pitches for the Cardinals to make the stadium fall silent once more.
Their win expectancy jumped to 88%. If I heard the postgame show right, this was just the 24th time all season that a runner has been picked off second. It was Martinez who made a perfect throw, and it was Kozma who applied a tag to an over-aggressive Punto. Punto said later it was a lonely feeling, and he was too concentrated on trying to get himself to third with one out. Long-time Punto observers will recall previous instances in which Punto made what appeared to be a boneheaded mistake.
So what was this pickoff play all about?
“That was unbelievable,” Cards manager Mike Matheny said. “That's instigated by Kozma, so great heads-up play by him.”
More:
The pickoff play was not called. It was all unspoken communication between Kozma and Martinez, which is what made it all the more impressive[…] “I saw him get a few steps off [second base], like he was getting ready to steal,” Kozma said. “And then he stopped. “As soon as he stopped, I got behind him and Carlos saw me. The timing was perfect.”
The earlier double play couldn't have happened without Carpenter, but it was Kozma who got everything started. The pickoff of Punto couldn't have happened without Martinez, but it was Kozma, again, who got everything started. The double play highlighted Kozma's first step, range, and arm. The pickoff highlighted his instincts, creativity, and situational awareness. It required a sudden movement and accurate throw from Martinez, to say nothing of timing and his own awareness, but the attempt was Kozma's idea. A big hit requires a swing, but also a pitch. This pickoff required an idea and a throw. What wind there was in the Dodgers' sails abruptly stopped blowing, and it wouldn't pick back up the rest of the way. They were done in by a double play and a pickoff, two plays in which Pete Kozma was deeply involved.
Because win probability added is so imperfect, and because it's so difficult to divide up responsibility, we can't know the true magnitude of Kozma's contribution. We don't know what would have happened with a different shortstop, and we'll never be able to. But Kozma unquestionably played a critical role in the Cardinals' preserving their late lead. If you want to speak in win-expectancy terms, it's not too much of a stretch to say Kozma was the game's most helpful player. Maybe that's not at all true, I don't know, but the Cardinals got help from one of their shortstops. At the end of the day, that's all they can ask for.
President Donald Trump put out a series of tweets Tuesday in which he blamed Democrats and a “few Republicans” for the failure to pass health care reform.
The Senate legislation to repeal-and-replace Obamacare stalled Monday night when two Republican senators said they would not support the legislation. A total of four GOP senators did not back the bill.
“We were let down by all of the Democrats and a few Republicans,” Trump tweeted Tuesday. “Most Republicans were loyal, terrific & worked really hard. We will return!”
Trump and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell both put their support Monday night behind repealing the Obama health law first, and then later replacing it. Republicans have criticized the bill for rising premiums and lack of consumer options. Trump, McConnell, Pence Call For Full, Clean Obamacare Repeal
Trump, however, seemed to have a different plan of action Tuesday. “As I have always said, let ObamaCare fail and then come together and do a great healthcare plan,” the president tweeted. “Stay tuned!”
Several decades after the “Great Depression”, Milton Friedman (with Anna Schwartz) provided a monetary explanation for the event. 80 years after the Great Depression, we came across the Great Recession. In this instance, the Fed was applauded for avoiding another Great Depression!
In 2002, Bernanke himself “apologized” to Milton Friedman, saying “we won´t do it again”.
Bernanke is “dangerous”. In January 2000, he wrote an op-ed at the WSJ: What happens when Greenspan is gone?” He could have subtitled “I will take over”. He said, however, that the Fed should adopt an explicit inflation target. Which he did. But he also “did it again”. At least in “miniaturized” form.
He had written in 1983 on “Non-monetary effects of the financial crisis in the propagation of the Great depression”. He also wrote a primer: “Monetary Policy Transmission: Through Money or Credit”.
He applied those ideas to the 2008 financial crisis. With the actions undertaken, he may have avoided a repeat of the bank blowout of 1931-32, which certainly deepened the depression. More importantly, however, if he had focused on “money”, instead of “credit”, the “Great Recession” would have not been “Great” and surely would not have been followed by a “Prolonged Depression”.
[Note: On Wednesday, September 24 2008, Bernanke wrote (Courage to Act, page 317): “Throughout the day I hammered home the argument that deteriorating credit conditions posed a grave threat. Credit is the lifeblood of our economy, I told the House Financial Services Committee. If financial conditions didn´t improve, we´re going to see higher unemployment, fewer jobs, more foreclosures…This is going to have real effects on at the lunch-bucket level”]
The best a central bank can do is provide nominal stability. The “Great Moderation” came about because, maybe by chance, the Fed managed to provide, largely, nominal stability.
It may not have been all chance. In both the December 1982 and December 1992 FOMC Meetings, for example, Nominal GDP Targeting was discussed. Snippets follow:
1982:
MORRIS. I think we need a proxy–an independent intermediate target– for nominal GNP, or the closest thing we can come to as a proxy for nominal GNP, because that's what the name of the game is supposed to be.
1992:
Jordan: I put together a table–a big matrix of every forecast for as many quarters out as the Greenbook does it–for every meeting for the last year. What struck me was that it looked as if we were on a de facto nominal GNP target. When nominal GNP is at or above expectations, the funds rate is held stable; but when nominal GNP comes in below what has been expected, we cut the funds rate. Greenspan (in closing): As I read it, there is no debate within this Committee to abandon our view that a non-inflationary environment is best for this country over the longer term. Everything else, once we've said that, becomes technical questions. … I'm basically arguing that we are really in a sense using [unintelligible] a nominal GDP goal of which the money supply relationships are technical mechanisms to achieve that.
NGDP Targeting was also discussed during Bernanke´s tenure. In The Courage to Act, we read (pps 515-19):
With substantial new securities purchases and balance sheet expansion unlikely to win the Committees support in the near term, it was once again time for blue-sky thinking. I had been discussing a wide range of monetary policy options internally since the previous summer (2011). The conversations continued through 2011 and into 2012. …A more radical idea, supported by many academics, was called nominal GDP targeting. I had discussed it with Don Kohn, Janet Yellen and Bill Dudley before launching QE2 in 2010.
Bernanke goes on to show he has no understanding of what NGDP targeting means:
Under nominal GDP targeting, the central bank no longer has a fixed inflation target. Instead, when growth is strong, it shoots for lower inflation. When growth is weak, it seeks higher inflation…
To him, as an ardent inflation targeter, everything is understood in terms of inflation! He doesn´t understand that NGDP Targeting (level targeting) simply means that you will try to keep NGDP evolving along a stable level path. There´s no “shooting for lower or higher inflation”.
The full FOMC would discuss nominal GDP targeting at its November 2011 meeting.
…After a lengthy discussion the Committee firmly rejected the idea…For nominal GDP targeting to work, it had to be credible. That is, people would have to be convinced that the Fed, after spending most of the 1980s and 1990s trying to quash inflation, had suddenly decided it was willing to tolerate higher inflation, possibly for many years…
Bernanke confirms he´s clueless about what nominal GDP targeting entails because he goes on to say (again, mistakenly, couching the argument in terms of inflation):
But what if we succeeded in convincing people inflation was headed higher? That outcome, too, carried risks. Would people trust that future policymakers would have the courage and competence to quash inflation later, as the strategy dictated, even if doing so risked creating a recession? If not, nominal GDP targeting could increase fear and uncertainty about future inflation…Then the Fed could eventually find itself in a 1970s-style predicament – without credibility and with the economy suffering from low growth and too high inflation.
Not understanding what nominal GDP targeting means, he writes:
An idea related(!) to nominal GDP targeting, but far easier to communicate, was simply increasing our inflation target to, say, 4 percent – without the commitment inherent in nominal GDP targeting to later bring inflation very low…
Bernanke is really an inflation-targeting freak! Note than in 1982 or 1992, no one said that by targeting NGDP, the Fed “had suddenly decided it was willing to tolerate higher inflation, possibly for many years”. And just two months after this discussion, in January 2012, the Fed made the 2% target official policy!
The fact is that during Bernanke´s tenure at the Fed nominal stability was lost. Just as high/rising inflation – a “Great Inflation” – is the outcome of losing nominal stability in one direction, a “Great Recession” is the outcome when nominal stability is lost in the opposite direction!
As I´ll also show, just by recouping nominal stability, but keeping it at the low level attained after it was dumped during the “Great Recession”, leads you to the “Long Depression” in which we have been living for the past seven years. In other words, there was never a recovery following the “Great Recession”, only an “underwater” expansion.
The panel below depicts
1 a period of nominal instability from a rising NGDP growth trend, resulting in rising inflation and volatile real growth (top chart),
2 a period of nominal stability at an adequate trend level path of NGDP, resulting in low & stable inflation and robust but stable real growth (middle chart) and
3 a period of nominal stability at a “too low” trend level path of NGDP, resulting in low & stable inflation and low but stable real growth (bottom chart).
The monetary story I will tell, explains how the economy went from the middle chart to the bottom chart, in other words, how it got stuck in a low nominal & real growth environment, remaining, in fact, depressed.
The monetary variable I use is the broadest measure of the Divisia Monetary Index provided by the Center for Financial Stability. The monthly GDP (nominal & real) are from Macroeconomic Advisers.
To maintain nominal stability, the Fed has to offset changes in velocity, according to MV=PY or, in growth form, m+v=p+y. Let´s check from 2004 onwards. (We know, from looking at the middle panel of the chart above, that nominal stability prevailed for much of the time at least since 1992).
Beginning soon after Bernanke becomes Fed Chairman in January 2006, velocity begins to fall (money demand growth to increase). Money supply growth only offsets this partially, resulting in a slowly falling NGDP growth.
In mid-08, still three months before Lehman, velocity shoots down. Money supply initially barely budges and then falls. NGDP growth becomes significantly negative. That´s the “Great Recession” part.
In mid-09, just as the GR comes to an official end, Divisia M4 velocity growth rises significantly. Now, money supply growth offsets it only partially, allowing NGDP growth to rise. From that point on, nominal stability is regained, albeit at a lower level of NGDP growth, implying a lower level of real output growth.
The result was that, by not allowing NGDP to climb back to its previous trend level after the original mistake made by the Fed, the “Great Recession” morphed into a “Long Depression”.
As the charts below indicate, by letting the money stock permanently fall, the level of nominal spending was permanently reduced, as was the level of real output.
It is, therefore, not at all surprising that inflation remains “too low”, and long-term interest rates do not go higher despite all the Fed´s threats to “normalize” monetary policy. In fact, by insisting on “normalizing” policy, the Fed will likely reap recession!
After a hellish hike in the wilderness above Yucaipa in the San Bernardino Mountains on a recent weekday, seven naturalists with cameras, measuring tape and lasers entered the shade of a gargantuan oak tree and looked up at its gnarled branches, their eyes wide with anticipation.
The Wildlands Conservancy members had come to take precise measurements of what they believed could be the largest canyon live oak tree in existence and, perhaps, the largest oak of any species in the country.
PHOTOS: Giant oak in the San Bernardino Mountains
“Hell of a tree,” whispered Geena Burgess.
April Sall spread her arms wide and simply smiled.
Evan Welsh, who discovered the tree in early July, started unpacking an assortment of surveying equipment.
Earlier this month, Welsh took initial measurements that suggested the tree was eligible for certification by the American Forest's National Big Tree Program as the nation's “champion” oak.
Nominating a tree with record-breaking potential requires three measurements: trunk circumference in inches; height in feet and average crown spread in feet. Total points for a contender are determined by using this calculation: trunk circumference in inches, plus height in feet, plus 1/4 the average crown spread in feet.
With 628 points, a 153-foot-tall valley oak in Mendocino County had been regarded as the nation's undisputed champion since the 1980s. However, that tree's status was reduced to 520 points earlier this year after American Forests arborists determined that its measurements had been inflated.
On Thursday, the Wildlands Conservancy forwarded a formal nomination for “champion tree status,” along with measurements to back it up, to Michael Taylor, American Forests' California champion tree coordinator.
On Friday, David Myers, executive director of the conservancy, telephoned Taylor to confirm he had received the information. That's when he learned that the Mendocino County tree had been demoted.
“I verified the tree the same day it was nominated by the Wildlands Conservancy,” Taylor said. “It is the champion oak. It has no equal.”
ALSO:
Man steals police cruiser, loses legs in crash
More cases of hantavirus at Yosemite; some camp cabins closed
5 LAPD officers investigated in mother's death; family wants answers
--Louis Sahagun
Photo: Wildlands Conservancy naturalists and volunteers climb on the champion oak. Credit: Irfan Khan / Los Angeles Times
Patrick Rothfuss,
“Perhaps the greatest faculty our minds possess is the ability to cope with pain. Classic thinking teaches us of the four doors of the mind, which everyone moves through according to their need.First is the door of sleep. Sleep offers us a retreat from the world and all its pain. Sleep marks passing time, giving us distance from the things that have hurt us. When a person is wounded they will often fall unconscious. Similarly, someone who hears traumatic news will often swoon or faint. This is the mind's way of protecting itself from pain by stepping through the first door.Second is the door of forgetting. Some wounds are too deep to heal, or too deep to heal quickly. In addition, many memories are simply painful, and there is no healing to be done. The saying 'time heals all wounds' is false. Time heals most wounds. The rest are hidden behind this door.Third is the door of madness. There are times when the mind is dealt such a blow it hides itself in insanity. While this may not seem beneficial, it is. There are times when reality is nothing but pain, and to escape that pain the mind must leave reality behind.Last is the door of death. The final resort. Nothing can hurt us after we are dead, or so we have been told.”
The Dutch elections and the danger of fascism
15 March 2017
The Dutch national elections, which are being held today, have been dominated by an outpouring of xenophobia, nationalism and racism on a scale unseen since the days when Adolf Hitler railed against the “Jewish conspiracy” in Berlin's Sportpalast and Benito Mussolini whipped up crowds from the balcony of Rome's Piazza Venezia.
Geert Wilders and his fascistic Party for Freedom have called for a ban on immigration from Muslim countries, the closure of mosques and a ban on the Koran. But Wilders, far from being the exception, has set the tone for the entire spectrum of Dutch politics, from the conservative government of Prime Minister Mark Rutte to the ex-Maoist Socialist Party.
“If you don't like it here, you can leave,” Rutte told immigrants earlier this month. The Wall Street Journal commented that, coming from a “multilingual classical-music lover, long known for pro-globalization and socially liberal policies,” this rhetoric “epitomizes a European establishment” that is ever more openly embracing the right-wing populism embodied by Wilders.
The Journal noted, “In France, the presidential candidate for conservative party Les Républicains, François Fillon, has heavily focused on defending French cultural identity,” while “German Chancellor Angela Merkel, seeking a fourth term in September, has stepped back from her open-door immigration policy.” The newspaper added, “In the U.K., Conservative Prime Minister Theresa May has made stronger immigration controls a priority for the country's future relations with the EU.”
The seemingly magnetic appeal of Wilders' right-wing populism to bourgeois politicians on both sides of the Atlantic was expressed in an outburst by US Congressman Steve King, a representative from Iowa, who this week proclaimed, “Wilders understands that culture and demographics are our destiny. We can't restore our civilization with somebody else's babies.”
For decades, bourgeois historians have asserted that the rise of fascism in the 1930s, contrary to the analysis of Marxists such as Leon Trotsky, was some sort of terrible accident, the result of the actions of “madmen” like Hitler and Mussolini who took power despite the best efforts of capitalist politicians to preserve democracy.
By contrast, Trotsky explained that fascism was the expression of the basic tendencies of capitalism, which in periods of relative prosperity can afford the outward trappings of democracy, but in periods of crisis reverts to its basic inherent tendency: militarism and dictatorship, which capitalist politicians seek to provide with a “populist” cover through xenophobic and nationalist demagogy.
The emergence of fascism in 20th century Europe and the coming to power of the Nazis amid the Great Depression in 1933 were not an isolated historical catastrophe never to be repeated, but the product of capitalism and its deep decay. In the 21st century, amid the deepest capitalist crisis since the 1930s, fascistic forces increasingly dominate European bourgeois politics.
Just three days before the election, Rutte sought to prove his right-wing credentials by provoking a major diplomatic incident with Turkey. His government banned the Turkish Foreign Minister from entering the Netherlands, barricaded the Turkish Consulate in Rotterdam, and expelled the Turkish Minister of Family Affairs with a police escort to the country's border.
The other parties applauded, including the social democratic Labour Party (PvdA) and the pseudo-left Socialist Party. Parties throughout Europe followed suit. In Germany, the Left Party enthusiastically greeted Rutte's right-wing provocation and urged the German government to follow the example of the “consistent approach” of the Dutch government.
This shifts far to the right is the response of the bourgeois parties to a profound crisis of capitalist society in the Netherlands and across Europe. Decades of welfare cuts, the enrichment of a tiny minority at the expense of the majority and the spread of war have generated economic and social tensions that cannot be resolved by democratic methods.
“Under the impact of class and international contradictions that are too highly charged, the safety switches of democracy either burn out or explode,” wrote Leon Trotsky in 1929, more than three years before the appointment of Adolf Hitler as Chancellor of Germany. “That is what the short circuit of dictatorship represents.”
Then, as now, the bourgeoisie responds to the crisis of the capitalist system with militarism, war and dictatorship. The methods of social conciliation, on which bourgeois rule was based in the post-war period, have long ceased to function. The social democratic parties and trade unions are discredited and have lost any support in the working class.
In the Netherlands, the PvdA, once one of the most influential European social democratic parties, stands on the brink of collapse. In opinion polls, it is in seventh place. In the early 1980s, the PvdA launched the attack on the Dutch social security system and has since played a leading role in destroying it. Since 2012, there have been six PvdA ministers in Rutte's right-wing government. Its best-known representative, the head of the Euro Group, Jeroen Dijsselbloem, came to prominence agitating for austerity against Greece.
Now the Dutch ruling class is trying to avert the threat of a social explosion by drawing on the methods of fascism, mobilizing the dregs of society against the working class.
Wilders, himself a former parliamentary deputy of Rutte's People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD), appeals to the middle class, faced with the threat of being thrown into the mass of the working poor, and to the frustration of impoverished workers by blaming immigrants for this social misery. In the first half of the 20th century, fascism used the Jews as scapegoats; today, a bankrupt political system scapegoats immigrants and Muslims.
The adoption of Wilders' right-wing policies by the establishment parties must be taken as a warning. The ruling elites are preparing to break with democratic methods, to suppress any opposition to social cuts and militarism.
This is true not only in the Netherlands. After the Brexit referendum in the UK and the election of Trump as president of the United States, the Dutch election is setting the tone for the French presidential election in April, where far-right candidate Marine Le Pen leads in the polls, and for the German elections in September, where the right-wing Alternative for Germany (AfD) is garnering similar poll numbers to Wilders' PVV.
The fact that it is the far-right forces that profit from the deepest crisis of world capitalism since the 1930s is an unanswerable indictment of the capitalist political establishment.
The return of fascism, war and militarism can only be opposed by an independent movement of the international working class, fighting for the overthrow of capitalism and the construction of a socialist society. This means building sections of the International Committee of the Fourth International throughout Europe and internationally.
Peter Schwarz
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Bruce Arena, coach of the U.S. men's national team, slammed President Donald's Trump's executive order regarding policies on refugees and immigration, which included the temporary stoppage of visas being issued to Syrian nationals and refugees, and to those from six other countries.
The grandson of Italian immigrants and with many players on his team with parents who were born outside of the United States, Arena didn't hold back just a day before his team plays Jamaica in a friendly.
Per the Washington Post, Arena said the following:
"I think it's sad because one thing we do in our sport is that we are a global sport. We travel the world. We meet all kinds of people. And we conclude at the end that they are all beautiful people. "We have bad people in the world, we have bad people in our country, but clearly a large majority of people are good. It's fabulous when we can give them an opportunity to be part of our country."
Strong words from Arena, who went on to say the ban isn't right and that he doesn't think many too many Americans agree with the ban.
Hey, there's nothing wrong with speaking out on a topic that has been so controversial. Many of his players share the same sentiment, with Michael Bradley giving an even stronger response on Instagram.
A photo posted by Michael Bradley (@michaelbr4dley) on Jan 28, 2017 at 11:02pm PST
Now, you may be wondering, "What in the world? This has nothing to do with soccer."
Well, actually, it could.
The ban, depending on how things go under President Trump, could end up impacting whether the 2026 World Cup is played in the United States. U.S. Soccer President Sunil Gulati is taking a wait-and-see approach when it comes to a 2026 bid because of Trump's executive order, which would seem to really impact travel logistics for the biggest sporting event in the world, if it were to come to the United States in nine years time.
Women exposed in the womb to high levels of the pesticide DDT has a nearly fourfold increased risk of developing breast cancer, according to new results of research conducted on California mothers and daughters for more than half a century.
The legacy of the insecticide, so ubiquitous that most people still carry traces of it in their bodies, continues more than four decades after it was banned in the United States. DDT is still used to fight malaria in sub-Saharan Africa, where people are highly exposed inside their homes.
"If the results of this study are real, it's possible that DDT could be responsible for raising the risk of breast cancer for a whole generation of women," says Shanna Swan, an environmental health scientist at Mount Sinai Hospital in New York. She is not involved in the new research.
The findings, published Tuesday, are based on a research project involving three generations of women in the San Francisco Bay Area. Tracked since the 1960s, the nearly 15,000 mothers, daughters, and granddaughters have been called a "national treasure" because they're helping scientists determine if toxic exposures of pregnant women are linked to diseases in their children decades later.
Studying what happens before birth may hold the key to understanding who gets breast cancer, experts say.
Some environmental scientists have long suspected, based on lab studies, that prenatal exposure to DDT—which can mimic estrogen and might turn key genes on and off—could fundamentally alter the way a woman's breast tissue grows, making her more susceptible to breast cancer decades later.
View Images The pesticide DDT is sprayed on the indoor walls of a family home in Zambia's Lusaka Province to combat malaria, which is spread by mosquitoes. Photograph by John Stanmeyer, Nat Geo Image Collection
In the new study by the state and federally funded Public Health Institute , based in Berkeley, California, DDT levels were measured in the mothers of 118 daughters who were diagnosed with breast cancer by age 52 and compared with levels in mothers of 354 daughters without breast cancer.
After accounting for known risk factors, including family history and age, the women with the highest DDT exposures had daughters who were 3.7 times more likely to have been diagnosed with breast cancer as the women with lower exposures, according to the study, published in the Journal of Clinical Endocrinology & Metabolism.
In addition, daughters exposed to the higher levels of DDT were more likely to be diagnosed with aggressive tumors and advanced stages of the disease, according to the study.
In their study, the researchers, led by epidemiologist Barbara Cohn, cite several limitations of the study, including a small number of participants with breast cancer. They also say that they cannot rule out that other environmental exposures, not measured in the study, could have affected the results.
Everyone Exposed
Nearly everyone between the 1940s and early 1970s was exposed to DDT, which was widely sprayed on crops and vegetation to kill an array of insects. It was banned in the United States in 1972, a decade after Rachel Carson sparked outrage by documenting its effects in her classic book Silent Spring.
Experts say it may be difficult to tease out how many cases of breast cancer might be linked to prenatal DDT exposure in the coming years—and even harder yet to tell whether exposure could be linked to any individual cases.
Women who were exposed to the pesticide during the 1950s and 1960s are just now reaching the age of heightened breast cancer risk.
"Everyone born during those years was exposed to DDT, so it's possible that on the population level, DDT could be driving quite a lot of breast cancer risk," says Julia Brody, executive director of the Silent Spring Institute , a Massachusetts-based nonprofit research group studying breast cancer and the environment.
Roughly one in eight U.S. women will develop invasive breast cancer during her lifetime, according to the American Cancer Society. Genes account for only a small number of breast cancer cases—about 5 to 10 percent. The cause of most breast cancer remains unknown.
The nearly fourfold increased risk linked to DDT is considered high compared with other lifestyle factors, such as heavy alcohol drinking , which raises the risk of breast cancer 1.5-fold. In comparison with known genetic risk factors, women with BRCA1 or BRCA2 gene mutations are about five times as likely to develop breast cancer during their lifetime as the average U.S. woman. BRCA mutations in the general population are rare—about 1 woman in 300 to 1 in 800 is thought to carry one of them.
Blood Samples Stored for Decades
Mothers with newborns were enrolled in the study through their health insurance provider, Kaiser Permanente, between 1959 and 1967. Blood samples were collected before or shortly after each mother gave birth.
"Every single mother in the study had measurable levels of DDT in their blood," says Cohn, who has directed the study group, called Child Health and Development Studies , since 1997.
Cohn says the group is uniquely positioned to answer questions about fetal development and disease risk that few other studies in the world can answer.
"It's taken a long time to get to this point of being able to follow a woman—and her exposures—from birth to midlife and beyond," Cohn says.
Over the years, hundreds of scientific studies have been published about these women, including some offering the first clues that smoking during pregnancy could harm the fetus.
DDT Still Sprayed in Africa
Although it has been banned throughout most of the world, DDT is still used in Africa to kill mosquitoes that carry malaria, which sickens 200 million people worldwide every year.
In South Africa, DDT is sprayed on the inside walls of mud and clay houses in three malaria-endemic provinces, says Tiaan de Jager, director of the University of Pretoria Centre for Sustainable Malaria Control. Extremely high levels of DDT have been recorded in the blood of men living in houses sprayed in the province of Limpopo, where he is studying links between the pesticide and male fertility.
De Jager says use of the pesticide is declining in South Africa. The United Nations Environment Programme and the World Health Organization have proposed a worldwide phaseout of the chemical by the early 2020s.
"On the one hand, DDT saves lots and lots of lives. On the other hand, there are human and environmental costs associated with its use," says Henk Bouwman, an ecotoxicologist at North-West University in Potchefstroom, South Africa.
The new findings serve as a cautionary tale about the way chemicals are regulated and introduced to market, says Jonathan Chevrier, an environmental health scientist at McGill University in Montreal.
"There are unforeseen consequences of releasing really large amounts of chemicals into the environment without first understanding the health effects," he says.
Brody hopes the researchers' findings can be used to help predict what other chemicals might increase breast cancer risk.
"Laboratory studies can help show which chemicals can lead to similar biological activity in the breast," she says.
Daughters in Study Hope for Cure
Laurie Havas, 54, of Martinez, California, found out in her early 20s, after her mother had passed away from pancreatic cancer, that her mother had enrolled in the scientific study and provided blood samples shortly after Havas's birth.
Havas says she feels grateful for the opportunity to carry on her mother's unique legacy by participating in the research. While she doesn't consider the new data helpful for herself, she hopes her daughter can benefit from the findings.
"I have no recourse over my mother's exposures," she says. "But hopefully my daughter's generation can somehow use the information to make more educated and informed decisions."
For study-group participant Ida Washington, 54, of Oakland, California, the findings are especially personal. Her mother was diagnosed with breast disease 40 years ago.
View Images A sign posted outside a health office in Congwe, Zambia, warns that DDT is stored there. Photograph by John Stanmeyer, Nat Geo Image Collection
"It's been an enlightening but challenging experience for me. I'm just looking forward to getting closer and closer to a cure," Washington says.
Neither Washington nor Havas has been diagnosed with breast cancer.
While it's impossible for women to know how much DDT they were exposed to years ago or to go back and change things, there are still steps women can take to reduce their risk of breast cancer, says Karen Kostroff, chief of breast surgery for the North Shore-LIJ Health System in Lake Success, New York.
If you smoke, quit smoking. If you are overweight, work to lose some pounds, she suggests. "Focus on the things you can control," she says.
A sealed crustless sandwich is a foodstuff comprising a filling sealed between two layers of bread by a crimped edge, with the crust subsequently removed. A popular variety in the United States is peanut butter and jelly. Sealed crustless sandwiches are mass-produced by The J. M. Smucker Company under the brand name "Uncrustables".
The United States Patent and Trademark Office has issued a number of patents for various versions of sealed crustless sandwiches. These include U.S. Patent 2,463,439, U.S. Patent 3,782,270, U.S. Patent 6,004,596 and U.S. Patent 6,874,409. The '596 patent has been especially controversial since it appears to the general public as if an obvious and well known invention has been patented. On September 25, 2007, the Patent and Trademark Office concluded a reexamination of the '596 patent and issued a certificate cancelling all claims.[1]
The sandwich has been loosely categorized as a dumpling because of its crimping, usually in a humorous fashion analogous to a Pop-Tart being classified similarly.[2][3] The manufacturer of "Uncrustables", however, unequivocally describes their product as a sandwich.[4]
Controversial patent
The first claim of Menusaver's patent reads:
A sealed crustless sandwich, comprising: a first bread layer having a first perimeter surface coplanar to a contact surface;
at least one filling of an edible food juxtaposed to said contact surface;
a second bread layer juxtaposed to said at least one filling opposite of said first bread layer, wherein said second bread layer includes a second perimeter surface similar to said first perimeter surface;
a crimped edge directly between said first perimeter surface and said second perimeter surface for sealing said at least one filling between said first bread layer and said second bread layer; wherein a crust portion of said first bread layer and said second bread layer has been removed.
That is, the patent described a sandwich with a layer of filling in between two pieces of bread which are crimped shut and have their crust removed. The other nine claims of the patent elaborate the idea further, including the coating of two sides of the bread with peanut butter first before putting the jelly in the middle, so that the jelly would not seep into the bread—the layers of filling "are engaged to one another to form a reservoir for retaining the second filling in between".
Many intellectual property experts and members of the general public view this patent as an example of the patent office's inability to properly examine patent applications.[5] The patent examiner cited only seven previous patents issued between 1963 and 1998, and a 1994 book called 50 Great Sandwiches that were deemed relevant to the novelty and nonobviousness of the invention. He concluded that the invention was indeed novel and not obvious and allowed the claims.[5]
Since then, many more earlier patents and publications have been found that teach some or all of the different aspects of the invention. These include a 1949 patent (U.S. Patent 2,463,439) that describes a device to create these types of sandwiches: "An object of this invention is to provide... a means for locating said filling in the center of the sandwich and sealing the marginal edges of the pieces by heat and pressure to preclude the escape of filling from the finished product... [and] a means for trimming the baked dough pieces". These new pieces of prior art have been brought to the attention of the patent office through a reexamination proceeding. (See below)
The J.M. Smucker Co. also attempted to patent the process of making the sandwich in 2004 (rather than just the sandwich itself) and on April 8, 2005 had its application rejected by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit (CAFC).[2].
Patent enforcement
In 2001, a small grocery and caterer in Gaylord, Michigan, Albie's Food, Inc., was sent a cease and desist letter from The J.M. Smucker Co., accusing Albie's of violating their intellectual property rights to the "sealed crustless sandwich". Instead of capitulating, Albie's took the case to federal court, noting in their filings a pocket sandwich with crimped edges and no crust was called a "pasty" and had been a popular dish in northern Michigan since the nineteenth century. Federal Court determined that Albie's Foods did not infringe on J.M. Smucker Co. intellectual property rights and was allowed to continue, overturning J.M. Smucker Co. cease and desist.[6]
Patent reexamination
In March 2001, during the legal proceedings, Albie's filed a request for reexamination with the USPTO asking that the patent be reexamined in light of the new prior art. The reexamination serial number is 90/005,949.
In response to the new prior art cited, Smucker's narrowed the wording of their claims to only cover a very specific version of their sealed crustless sandwich. The more narrow claims, for example, only cover sealed crustless peanut butter and jelly sandwiches where the jelly is held between two layers of peanut butter. Nonetheless, in December 2003, the patent examiner rejected the narrowed claims in light of the new prior art.
Smucker's appealed the rejection to the Board of Patent Appeals and Interferences (BPAI). In September 2006, The BPAI reversed the examiner's reasons for rejecting the claims, but found new reasons for rejecting them. They found that the wording in the narrowed claims was too vague to clearly identify exactly what Smucker's is trying to patent. Because Smucker's failed to respond to the BPAI's rejections within the two-month deadline, the PTO mailed a Notice of Intent to Issue a Reexamination Certificate (NIIRC) in December 2006 cancelling all claims. The reexamination certificate was issued on September 25, 2007.
Commercial sales
As of 2013 , Smucker's is selling the unpatented sandwiches under the "Uncrustables" trademark.[7] The company built a plant in 2004 in Scottsville, Kentucky, to produce the product.[8] The food item was utilized extensively during the 2018 California wildfires by firefighters;[9] it has been a staple in the brown bags which food is handed out to firefighters.[10]
See also
Notes
References
The Ford Mustang will have hot hatches in its sights when it arrives in Australia later this year thanks to a starting price under $45,000.
The blue oval has revealed the full price list for the new coupe ahead of it hitting showrooms in December. And the headline number is $44,990 (plus on-road costs) the starting price for the 2.3-litre EcoBoost Fastback, with the automatic variant costing an additional $2500.
That price undercuts many hot hatches such as the Volkswagen Golf GTI Performance, Subaru WRX STI and Renault Megane RS265, putting the Mustang in the middle of the hot hatch market.
The EcoBoost's 2.3-litre four-cylinder engine produces 233kW and 432Nm, which far outperforms most of the hot hatches in its price range.
The V8-powered Mustang GT is also keenly priced at $54,990 for the manual and $56,490 for the six-speed automatic.
While the GT is more expensive than Ford's XR8 - which starts at $52,490 - it is still competitively priced against other six-cylinder, two-door sports coupes such as the Lexus RC350 (from $66,000), Nissan 370Z (from $56,930) and BMW M235i (from $79,930). It is also comfortably underneath V8-powered coupes such as the Lexus RC F which is priced from $133,500.
Ford already has 1200 firm orders for the Mustang and has also received interest from more than 15,000 potential customers and believes that more customers will flock to the new sports car after the announcement of its competitive pricing.
"With such sharp pricing, we're signaling that there's a new Ford performance car coming and we intend to grab our rightful share of enthusiasts who value style, technology, performance and the history that the Mustang name brings," says Graeme Whickman, Vice President Marketing, Sales and Service.
Ford Mustang
Both variants come with the option of either a six-speed manual or six-speed automatic transmission, electric power steering, 19-inch alloys, LED taillights, rain sensing wipers, sat-nav, reversing camera and Ford's new SYNC2 infotainment system which is accessible through an eight-inch monitor on the dash .
Related Content 2015 Ford Mustang EcoBoost first drive video review
Initial customers will also be able to option their cars with racing stripes ($650), black painted roof ($975), 19-inch premium wheels ($500) and prestige paint ($500).
2015 Ford Mustang pricing*
Ford Mustang EcoBoost
Fastback manual - $44,990
Fastback automatic - $47,490(auto)
Convertible (auto only) - $53,990
Ford Mustang GT
Fastback manual - $54,990
Fastback automatic $57,490
Convertible (auto only) $63,990
*All prices exclude on-road costs
2015 Ford Mustang specifications
Ecoboost
Engine: 2.3-litre four-cylinder turbo petrol
Power: 233kW at 5500rpm
Torque: 432Nm at 2500-4500rpm
Transmission: Six-speed manual or automatic, RWD
Consumption: 9.4L/100km
GT
Engine: 5.0-litre V8 petrol
Power: 303kW at 6500rpm
Torque: 525Nm at 4250rpm
Transmission: 6-speed man or auto, RWD
Fuel consumption: 12.3L/100km
The 2015 Ford Mustang GT will be priced from $54,990. The 2015 Ford Mustang GT will be priced from $54,990. Photo: Supplied
You don't have to go far to find evidence that dealing with cable or Internet service providers can be a nightmare: Just this month we posted these six jaw-dropping cable provider horror stories from Yahoo Tech readers.
Still, even within that context, what one New Mexico woman reportedly did this week to express her frustration with her cable service technician went over the line.
The woman needed service from Comcast, and so she called up for a visit from a tech. When the Comcast tech informed her that her account would incur an extra service charge for his visit, reports Ars Technica, she called Comcast to verify the costs, which it did.
When the customer became upset and refused to agree to pay these fees, the Comcast tech began loading his equipment back into his vehicle, during which time the customer allegedly took a bag of the technician's tools, brought them into her home, and locked the door. The Comcast agent claims that, when he knocked on the door to ask for the bag of tools — valued at $400 — the customer opened the door, pointed a handgun at his torso, and told him to get off her property.
The Comcast technician complied.
Police were informed of the incident, searched the woman's home, and found the bag of tools and a black Glock. The Comcast customer admitted to pulling a gun, though she said it was pointed “in the air.” She was arrested but released on bail and, as of Wednesday, was still awaiting a court appearance, according to Ars Technica.
Neither the amount of fees requested by Comcast, nor the type of work scheduled to be done, were listed in the criminal complaint.
We're not sure if the New Mexico customer will be making a Comcast cancellation call of her own after this is all settled, but we can sure hope that the audio of that gets posted online, as well.
And, folks, we know that dealing with your cable company can be frustrating. But maybe just send out an angry tweet or punch a pillow to let some steam off. It's probably not worth going to jail over unfair charges from your cable provider.
Have questions, comments, or just want to tell me something funny? Email me at danbean@yahoo-inc.com.
Spread the love
I hope that I'm not the only one who cringes every time worksheets are suggested for preschoolers. While we work on lots of pre-writing skills, worksheets are never in the plans for preschool. Learning through play is one of the most effective ways to get preschoolers engaged in learning. Building a love for learning is essential as children are exposed to their very first academic skills. Because Life Over C's is all about sharing hands-on learning activities with you, I was given a Bumby box to review and give you an opportunity to win your own Bumby box so that you can learn through play with your preschoolers.
With subscription boxes, it can be hard to tell if they are going to be as good as they claim. I will always give you my honest opinion even if that opinion is negative.
Bumby Box asked if I would review a preschool level box for them. The box is intended for 3-5 year old children. Because my youngest daughter has special needs, this was the correct level of box for her. She is currently near the 36-month old level in most of her skills.
Inside the box I found three toys of outstanding quality. The familiar names of Haba, Hape and Plan Toys were exciting to me even before we took them out to play. I love that these toy companies all provide high-quality toys that I know are safe for my kids and will last as long as my kids want to play with them.
I also appreciated that they didn't include a lot of extra packaging, though my postal worker did leave the box exposed on the steps in the snow. Thankfully, we noticed it and nothing was ruined.
We received:
A full set of the Haba Butterfly Threading Game
A full set of the Hape Shish Kabob Basics
A partial set of Plan Toys Castle blocks
Plus a leaflet on suggested ways to extend learning with the toys.
Why do I want to share this box with you?
I found that the Bumby Box perfectly fit our learning through play ideals and lifestyle.
Ways that we can use toys to learn:
Fine-Motor Skills: Using the butterfly and the shish kabob sets kids work on their fine-motor skills without even noticing.
Hand-Eye Coordination: Placing the butterfly decorations, the foods on the shish kabob, putting together a castle all work on visual spatial skills.
Sizes: Kids can learn big/small with the decorations for the butterfly. If they layer a large piece on top of a small piece, they won't be able to see it and that is a self-correcting way to learn.
Matching, Patterns and Symmetry: Decorating the butterfly gives kids the chance to find matching pieces, build patterns and discover symmetry. It's also a great time to talk about the fact that butterfly wings are generally symmetrical.
You can build a pattern on the shish kabob stick and have your child copy that pattern. Then, let them build a pattern for you to copy.
Biology: The butterfly is a great way to introduce the parts of an insect to kids. Then get out some books and look at pictures of real butterflies. Talk about what is the same and what is different.
Language development: Building a castle is a perfect way to talk about positional words. “Put ____ on/beside/under/near.”
Engineering: How many ways can we build a castle?
For more way to learn through play check out the Bumby Box website.
Enter for a chance to win a Bumby Box.
(Choose from age levels if you win.)
Coal slurry is a mixture of solids (mined coal) and liquids (usually water) produced by a coal preparation plant. As a slurry, coal is separated from non-combustable components (ash) and can be fractionated by particle size as well. Coal slurry can be transferred by pipeline[1] or with specialised pumps such as a progressive cavity pump to pump the highly abrasive, corrosive and viscous coal slurry.[2]
The scale of water usage and hence potential costs and problems is large. More than 7 billion tons of coal are mined per year (2010), using approximately 200 litres of water per ton.[3]
Environmental concerns [ edit ]
[4] A 2014 coal slurry spill into a river at Patriot Coal, West Virginia. A straw impoundment has been created across the river to try to hold the spillage.
Ideally, coal slurry consists only of crushed coal and water, which can be separated perfectly at low cost. In practice, the separation is significantly costly(citation needed). Furthermore, the slurry consists also of very fine coal dust that results in a waste called blackwater, which is stored in large impoundment ponds, often together with coal ash. Such ponds are susceptible to disastrous releases, such as the Buffalo Creek flood of 1972. This impounded liquid waste can sometimes total billions of gallons in a single facility.
See also [ edit ]
MARK KNOLLER, CBS NEWS: Jay, in his speech again yesterday, President Obama mentioned the phony scandals that are part of an endless parade of distractions. Can you tell us what phony scandals he's talking about?
JAY CARNEY: I think we all remember a few weeks ago when Washington was consumed with a variety of issues that, while in some cases significant, there was an effort underway to turn them into partisan scandals. I don't think anybody here would doubt that. And what we've seen as time has passed and more facts have become known -- whether it's about the attacks in Benghazi and the talking points, or revelations about conduct at the IRS -- that attempts to turn this into a scandal have failed.
And when it comes to the IRS, as I said the other morning, the President made very clear that he will -- that he wants the new leadership there to take action to correct improper conduct, and that is happening and he expects results.
What some in Congress have failed to do despite many attempts is to provide any evidence -- because there is none -- that that activity was in any way known by, or directed by, the White House, or was even partisan or political. As testimony has shown that I've seen produced publicly in the press -- although not by the Republican chairman of the committee -- self-identified Republicans who participated in the reviews of these applications for tax-exempt status clearly denied that there was any -- and this is just them saying this -- that there was any partisan or political motivation to what they were doing.
That doesn't excuse the conduct, doesn't say that it's the right thing to do. It means that we have to address poor performance as poor performance, and reject efforts to turn it into yet another partisan political football.
And I think our views -- and I would wax poetic on it if you want -- our views on the Benghazi issue are well known, and I think that other issues fall into that.
KNOLLER: So you mentioned two -- the IRS and Benghazi.
CARNEY: Well, I'm not going to catalogue -- again, I think there was a period where there was -- a lot more energy and focus was paid by some in Congress as well as in the media on issues that, while important, are not of the highest priority to the American people, and they were not scandals.
Sweden, one of the main destination of migrants coming to Europe, is to ask the EU to relocate asylum seekers to other member states, prime minister Stefan Loefven announced Wednesday (4 November).
The decision to benefit from the EU mechanism will be formally taken by the council of ministers on Thursday and a letter will be sent to the European Commission immediately after, or on Friday.
"It is time that other countries take responsibility and that is why the government requires redistribution of refugees from Sweden," Loefven wrote in a written statement to the AFP agency.
At a press conference after a meeting with European Council president Donald Tusk in Stockholm, Loefven noted that "Sweden has taken the highest number of asylum seekers per capita" and that the situation "is not sustainable."
Between 160,000 and 190,000 asylum seekers are expected in the country this year, including 30,000 unaccompanied minors.
The figure is up from 81,000 in all of 2014.
But the Swedish Migration Agency recently warned it could 25,000 to 45,000 sleeping places short by the end of the year.
'Sweden deserves support'
"Sweden is not able now to receive people the way we want to do and the way we are used to doing. Our reception system and local communities are now overstretched," Loefven said.
Standing besides Loefven, Tusk gave his backing to Sweden's demand.
"I am absolutely sure that Sweden deserve support from our side," Tusk said. "There is a limit to what we can realistically manage."
No figure was given, but Sweden will ask to take over part of the 54,000 asylum seekers quota that was offered to and rejected by Hungary in September.
"That is still to be discussed with the EU Commission," Loefven said.
Under the EU mechanism to relocate 160,000 asylum seekers, only Italy and Greece can relocate asylum seekers to other countries. Hungary turned down the offer because it opposed the principle of relocations.
According to the system of quotas set up to share the refugees between member states, Sweden is supposed to receive 3,728 people. It has so far received 38 people from Italy and notified 300 places available.
It is unclear whether Sweden will continue to receive asylum seekers in the relocation system while also benefiting from it.
"That is something we have to discuss with the commission," the Swedish PM's office told EUobserver.
The Swedish EU appeal is part of a cross-party agreement signed on 23 October by Sweden's red-green government with the liberal and conservative opposition on how to face arrivals of migrants in the country.
Ongoing process
Sweden's decision was announced the day of the first flight of relocated people left from Greece to Luxembourg, and will complicate the implementation of the relocation plans.
After Wednesday's relocation of 30 Syrians and Iraqis, 116 of the 160,000 asylum seekers have been moved. The EU Commission said that only 2,314 places have been so far made available by 15 member states.
No deadline has been given to states to provide places.
The 2,314 places refer to the number of places immediately available, that is "before the end of the year", a EU source told EUobserver.
"We are at a very early stage," the Commission's spokesman Margaritis Schinas told press.
"It is an ongoing process. I would not rush for a definitive judgement," he added, on whether the Commission's flagship plan to address the migrant crisis will be a success or a failure.
The Commission said the next planned relocations will be from Italy to Finland, France and Spain. But it gave no numbers of refugees or dates.
The water may be starting to recede, but devastating floods in Thailand are going to affect the cost of computers and components for at least another six months, according to analysts at IDC and IHS iSupply this week.
Prices for hard drives have rocketed in the last few weeks as a result of factory closures in Thailand as the country has been battered by storms since July. The cost of storage has more than doubled at UK online retailers, and the US is following suit. Consumer prices are rising faster than business costs due to the rapid buying up of any surpluses by IT channel companies keen to guarantee the best deals for their customers.
The Thai floods are the worst the country has faced in over 50 years and have affected over nine million people, including most of the capital Bangkok. Rural and poor areas have suffered the worst: over 400 people have been killed already and the Red Cross is warning of a potential typhoid epidemic to follow.
It might seem spurious to talk about hard drives in the face of such terrible natural disaster –but the country is a major hub within the hard drive industry and home to major fabrication plants owned by Western Digital, Seagate and Toshiba, as well as manufacturers of smaller components for export to other fabs overseas. Western Digital has been the worst hit, and it alone was producing more than 10 million drives a month from its Thai operation.
With the temporary closure of these facilities the knock on effects to other devices, like laptops and cameras, could be long term.
My advice? Put off upgrading your hard drive for a bit and consider donating some of the money you'll save to a charity involved in the clean up work there, like Save the Children .
(Photo via Facebook / The Register )
A plane, that appears to be a commercial jet tailed by fighter jets, is a "pre-planned" military flight taking photos of the Statue of Liberty, according to the Federal Aviation Administration. Reports from some eyewitnesses indicate it may be Air Force One. "It is pre-planned, pre-coordinated with everyone involved," said FAA spokesman Jim Peters. "It's a military flight over New York to take photos."Several lower Manhattan buildings were evacuated as a precaution. Peters, who stressed it is not an emergency, said the flight is circling the Statue of Liberty and New York City to take photos. Peters said city officials as well as state government agencies in New York and New Jersey were briefed on the flight in advance. Numerous people have called the Advance newsroom worried after seeing the low-flying plane on the North Shore. The incident invoked memories of Sept. 11, 2001 when two hijacked commercial airliners flew into the World Trade Center towers.
The resounding success story of Han's Cafe has ended in heartache with the management company going into liquidation amid unpaid tax, staff underpayments and claims of domestic violence.
Ian and Tram Hoang Han, who met in a Thai refugee camp, built Perth's most successful chain of Asian restaurants — which at one stage had 20 cafes. Their success helped them buy a $4.7 million luxury mansion in Applecross.
A dozen franchised Han's cafes still operate but the three owned by the founding couple, as well as their management company, have collapsed.
Their fourth cafe was sold when the Fair Work Ombudsman started legal action last July. There is no record of Mr or Mrs Han now owning a house in WA.
Rob Broadfield takes an in-depth look at what's happening in WA's restaurants. The West Australian Play Video Video Rob Broadfield takes an in-depth look at what's happening in WA's restaurants.
Federal Court documents show their empire started to unravel after the ombudsman found they had underpaid 100 staff about $30,000 over two months in 2014. Further inquiry was limited by the lack of time and wage records.
Mrs Han did not deny that she failed to pay weekend penalties or maintain proper records but the mother-of-two said there were mitigating circumstances including the violence she suffered at the hands of her husband of 20 years.
Camera Icon Ian and Tram Han, pictured in 2004, built up a successful chain of Asian restaurants.
She said he had physically and verbally abused her at home and work.
It led to her having hospital treatment and getting an interim violence restraining order against Mr Han, a survivor of the Pol Pot regime in Cambodia. They split in September 2014. She said he went back to Asia in January 2015.
Dimmi has just released its latest report on “no-shows” at Australian restaurants. The West Australian Play Video Video Dimmi has just released its latest report on “no-shows” at Australian restaurants.
Mrs Han said she had continued to suffer anxiety and depression and was heavily medicated during the investigation period.
The court was told that Mrs Han had told Fair Work Ombudsman inspectors that she would have to close her business if forced to pay weekend penalty rates, saying they were picking on her when a lot of Asian restaurants operated in the same way.
In her evidence she said Han's Cafe Management Pty Ltd had gone into liquidation, while another entity called Han's Cafe Pty Ltd was no longer trading and had a tax bill of $12,000. However, it was being paid by another entity called Han's Investments, which receives $20,000 a month in franchise payments.
She offered to repay the workers, though some had left Australia.
Justice Michael Barker found she was not remorseful and had deliberately failed her obligations. He took her difficult personal circumstances into account but they did not adequately explain or mitigate her contraventions.
Han's two corporate entities were fined $30,000 and Mrs Han was fined $7500.
I've always been jealous of teachers, lawyers, and doctors. They go to a bar, a party, or even home for the holidays, mention what they do, and everyone nods, understands, and moves along. This isn't the case for UX design … “Wait, a what?”
Forget about friends and family; since leaving Google, I've found there to be more confusion than ever — even in the tech industry! — about the title I've been sporting on my business card since 2007. It surfaces when I make off-handed comments like, “I don't care what shade of chartreuse you make the background; that's not what I do.” The room goes silent, and the collective uncertainty is palpable. After a moment, one guy furrows his brow, cocks his head, and asks cautiously, “So wait … what do you do, then?”
I'll tackle that guy's question with a story.
Getting the toilet out of your kitchen
Around the time I moved into my first Manhattan shoebox, a friend of mine was paying significantly less than I for an attractive, recently renovated apartment in a hip neighborhood. It should have cost $2500 a month … and she was paying $1400. Why?
Because there was a toilet in the kitchen.
Her landlord had done his due diligence picking out an idyllic shade of eggshell for the walls, the light fixtures were right out of a CB2 catalogue, and the floors didn't have hairs trapped in the lacquer (like mine did). But no matter how many aesthetic improvements he'd made over the years, it didn't improve tenant reluctance about paying top dollar for an apartment with a toilet in the kitchen.
It is the UX designer's job to make sure this doesn't happen — but with technology instead of houses. Other team members are usually paid to prioritize other things: some will be focused on the business (“The margins will be killer if we can bulk order these kitchen toilets”), marketing types might be caught up in the positioning (“Life is easier with a toilet in your kitchen! Chop vegetables while you take care of other business!”), while the engineer is likely already engineering (“How can we connect the bathroom pipes to the kitchen in the most efficient way possible?”). It is the UX designer's job to pause, consider the users' experience, and ensure fundamental workflow design mistakes be avoided. She is also the one to remember that houses need doors, that the floor-to-ceiling windows would be gorgeous facing the sunset, and that the kitchen should be within earshot of the living room. She optimizes designs for people, situations, and problems.
Aren't we all UX designers?
“Your job sounds like common sense to me. Anyone could do that.”
Pull up a chair, UX cynic — I was expecting you.
The toilet in the kitchen problem is admittedly a farcical, simplistic example. The real world is obviously more complex — and your need for a UX designer multiplies exponentially given the reality that you are often not the user.
I'd like to repeat that actually.
Your need for the UX designer multiplies exponentially given the reality that you are often not the user.
You are not the user.
Let's extend the house metaphor. My husband and I share a two bedroom in Queens. A few months into cohabitation, he casually articulated his ongoing annoyance with the size of our closets. I'd never had a problem with this, and his comment took me by surprise. I'm also not a 6'2” male whose wardrobe is mostly comprised of broad chested suits … and I guess neither was our closet's designer.
The versatile user experience designer — A/K/A user experience designer you want to hire — does not design products only for herself. She is able to assume another's vista through empathy and research, and channel her created personas to design a user flow and experience that addresses key user concerns. This might mean ensuring a nonprofit homepage includes entry points for both donors and volunteers. It might mean ensuring your click targets (that look fine on a desktop) are large enough for the smallest smartphone. Or it might mean building a page that is compatible and easy to use with a screen reader.
Where does the UX designer come from?
A myriad of backgrounds and disciplines, really. In short, being a UXer means having the gut instincts and patience to understand the user, the user's expectations, crafting an experience (a story, really) that makes sense, and being able to sell that vision and story. It doesn't, however, have much to do with knowing any type of specific software (just like knowing how to use Microsoft Word does not make a person a “writer”). However, because user experience designers need to understand the medium for which they're designing, you will find many UXers that possess other toolkits (visual designers, developers, etc.).
So what does the UX designer produce?
So is that it, you ask? Does a company's resident user experience designer just troll around the office all day, sipping a latte and critiquing designers and engineers, passionately defending the best interests of the users?
No (although that's sometimes involved). The short answer is that the UX designer should create whatever deliverables best convey the desired workflow and ‘story' they need to tell. However, there are a few deliverables that are common among UX ninjas — you'll often hear “site maps,” “wireframes,” and “prototypes” referenced.
A site map shows all the pages of a website or application, and how they fit together.
An example site map audit I constructed for a nonprofit website:
A wireframe, on the other hand (according to Wikipedia), is a “visual guide that represents the skeletal framework of a website.” Early wireframes are oftentimes like the beginning stages of planning a birthday party: “I know it's going to be a big party, at some venue in New York, and it's going to be fabulous … we'll iron out the rest of the details later.”
A site map/wireframe example for the Push the Limit mobile application:
Finally, a prototype is a non-fully-functional version of a design, built for testing — either internally, or with users during usability studies.
We might mix and match these tools, and they might look nice, but it's important to reiterate: The UX deliverables' power is not in their aesthetic — in the same way that you wouldn't judge the literary merit of a book by its font (even though that sexy serif might be delectable). The power of user experience (as a discipline) is to ground design and development in the user's experience.
A final word
It's exciting to build things quickly. I love coding all night until the sun comes up, building without a care in the world about who might want or need my creation. And it's fun (in that geeky kind of way) to spend hours upon hours deliberating whether your website “pops” more using a serif or a sans-serif font. These things are important — but without a broader sense of your user and their experience, you might end up with a big pile of useless code and fonts.
Consequently, I would just ask that–before you put that house on the market, as you're sanding the counters, picking out that perfect light fixture, or applying that final coat of paint–you consider calling in a user experience designer to make sure you don't have any toilets in your kitchen.
Obama discussed terrorism much more in 2015 than in any year of his presidency, averaging nearly two times per day
In the hours and days after the ISIS attacks in Paris, Barack Obama made several statements about terrorism, both in remarks at the White House and during his subsequent trip abroad to Turkey and the Philippines as well as in a proclamation he issued honoring the victims of the attacks.
However, recent public opinion polls show Americans do not approve of how Barack Obama has handled ISIS and the president's critics continue to admonish him for not drawing a clearer line between terrorism and radical Islam.
While the president may not be taking the kind of action in the Middle East preferred by some quarters in the political arena, it cannot be said that Obama is not at least speaking about the issue – and now more than ever.
In fact, although words alone are not policy solutions, the president has made terrorism increasingly front and center in his public statements in recent years– and is doing so now more than ever.
A Smart Politics content analysis of Barack Obama's remarks and written statements finds the president has mentioned terrorism more than 3,000 times since taking office and has done so at a rate of nearly twice a day in 2015 – more than any year of his presidency.
Smart Politics examined the Public Papers of the President and tallied every mention of terrorism and related words (terror, terrorist, terrorize, counterterrorism, bioterrorism, antiterrorism, counterterrorist, narcoterrorist etc.).
From January 2009 through November 2015, President Obama has mentioned terrorism 3,011 times, or an average of 1.2 times per day in office.
That number has increased substantially since Obama's reelection victory in 2012.
The president's discussion of terrorism dropped each year in his first term from 436 mentions in 2009 (1.26 per day) to 421 in 2010 (1.15), 283 in 2011 (0.78), and 265 in 2012 (0.72).
Since then, mentions of terrorism in oral and written statements have increased to 465 times in 2013 (1.27 per day), to 546 in 2014 (1.50), and 595 thus far in 2015 (1.78).
In other words, with more than 13 months left in office, the president has already talked about terrorism more in his second term (1,585 mentions) than in his first (1,426).
That translates to 0.97 mentions of terrorism per day during Obama's first term and 1.52 mentions per day ever since, or an increase of 57 percent.
Overall, Obama has mentioned terror in 938 different remarks and statements during his presidency including 94 news conferences, 42 interviews, 31 formal addresses, and 26 weekly addresses.
To be precise, the president has used the word “terrorist” 1,531 times with an additional 798 mentions of “terrorism,” 490 mentions of “counterterrorism,” 134 of “terror,” 40 of “terrorize,” eight of “antiterrorism,” seven of “bioterrorism,” two of “counterterrorist,” and one of “narcoterrorist.”
Of course, not all of the instances in which Obama addressed terrorism involved an extensive examination of the issue. In 453 of these 939 speeches and statements the president made only one such reference.
In many other statements, however, terror was the singular focus with 50 of his statements discussing terrorism at least 10 times.
For example, during remarks made at National Defense University on May 23, 2013, Obama referenced terrorism 50 times.
On February 18th of this year, the president mentioned terrorism 31 times in remarks at the White House Summit on Countering Violent Extremism.
Obama's attention to terrorism in public statements peaked in September 2014 with the rise of ISIS – mentioning the subject 194 times that month.
Overall President Obama has discussed terrorism 1,711 times in 583 oral remarks and 1,300 times in 355 written statements and messages.
Follow Smart Politics on Twitter.
Gardai are hunting a pair of thieves who followed an elderly woman from a Post Office and stole her pension.
Gardai are hunting a pair of thieves who followed an elderly woman from a Post Office and stole her pension.
'It's sick' - Woman (80) has pension stolen after thieves stalk her from Post Office
Footage of the brazen Co Kildare raid shows one man distract the 80-year-old woman while his accomplice sits into her car and rifles through her handbag.
The victim's son told Independent.ie that he is furious at the incident and has issued a plea for help locating the pair. He has also warned others to be aware of the scam.
"I feel quite sickened. How can someone do this to a person so vulnerable?" he said.
"I just think it's a really low point in human character. Their parents must be so ashamed of them."
The man said his mother, who has asked not to be identified, collected her pension from the Post Office in Sallins at 11am on Friday.
It is believed that the two men were watching this and they followed her approximately one mile away along the road to Kerdiffstown where she parked her vehicle.
"Two of them got out of the car and they ran after her. They started to walk once they approached the car," her son said.
One of the men hunted over the raid. Picture: Facebook
"One guy got out and stood a little bit away from the car. He asked her to spell the name of the place where they were so he could send a parcel home.
"While this interaction was going on, the second man went around the back of the car and went into her handbag on the passenger side.
"He took about a week's pension money."
A Good Samaritan spotted what was happening and he intervened. "He said, 'That's not your car', and then the second fellow left the vehicle."
One of the men hunted over the raid. Picture: Facebook
The man who distracted the pensioner was described as being in his mid 20s with dark features. The other man was in his mid 30s and he was described as being little bit stockier.
They spoke with broken English.
Her son said he is furious about the incident.
Asked how his mother is, he responded: "She says she is okay but it has got to be damage to her ego and confidence.
"She's 80. She will be nervous to go down and collect the pension and groceries after this."
A garda spokesperson confirmed that thery are investigating the incident.
Online Editors
Submitted by Gonzalo Lira
Forget Gold—What Matters Is Copper
People are freaking out that gold has fallen to $1,650, from its lofty highs above $1,800—they are freaking out something awful. “Gold has fallen 10%! The world is coming to an end!!!” I myself took a shellacking in gold—
—but copper is what has me worried.
Copper fell from $4.20 to $3.25—close to 25%—in about three weeks. Most of that tumble has happened in the last ten days, and what's worrisome is that, as I write these words over the weekend, there is every indication that copper will continue its free fall come Monday.
From the numbers that I'm seeing—and from the historical fact that copper tends to fall roughly 40% from peak to trough during an American recession—there is every indication that copper could reach $2.67 in short order. And even bottom out below that—say at $2.20—before stabilizing around the $2.67 level.
But we'll see. The price of copper is not the point of this discussion. The point of this discussion is what the price of copper means.
What it means for monetary policy.
We all know the old saying: “Copper is the only commodity with a Ph.D. in economics”, or words to the effect.
The ongoing price collapse of copper signals that the markets have collectively decided that there is going to be no resurgence of the global economies—at least not for the next 9 to 18 months. Up until now, the economic data that has been coming out over the last couple of weeks seemed to indicate that there's going to be a double-dip—but in my mind, this fall in the price of copper confirms this notion that the general economy is going down.
And remember: Market sentiment can not only be a predictor of future economic performance, but its determinant. If today the markets feel that the economy is going to suck tomorrow, often that very sentiment is what makes the economy suck canal water.
So if copper is falling like a mo-fo—which both signals and convinces the market that the economy is gonna suck—what does this mean for monetary policy?
Prima facie, the fall in the price of copper is deflationary: Less demand means that the prices fall—meaning the dollar acquires purchasing power.
What does it mean for monetary policy that copper has fallen so low?
It means that Bernanke will carry out more “non-traditional” Federal Reserve stimulus.
Ben Bernanke is famous for being terrified of deflation—and to his particular mindset, this is a reasonable fear. More to the point, Bernanke's deflation-phobia actually matters—because after all, he is the Chairman of the Federal Reserve. He controls U.S. monetary policy.
Deflation is supposed to be bad because it shrinks an economy. (Personally, I am more afraid of inflation than deflation: The latter is self-correcting, while the former spirals out of control and into social chaos. But that's for some other post.)
According to the deflationary world view, falling prices oblige producers to cut back on production—which means firing workers. These fired workers—husbanding their resources during their unemployment—spend less, further contracting demand, thus putting more downward pressure on prices, forcing more producers to cut back and fire even more workers, who thus spend less—
—you get the picture: A “deflationary death spiral”, in the Deflationistas' parlance.
This is Bernanke's fear—and he will do anything to alleviate it. Notice: It's not that Bernanke will do anything to alleviate deflation—he will do anything to alleviate his fear of deflation.
As copper prices continue to tumble, signaling further economic contraction, there is no question in my mind that Ben Bernanke and his Fools of the Fed will view this as evidence of looming dollar deflation.
They will do everything to stop this looming deflation. But since the “traditional” Federal Reserve tools have been used up—that is, the Fed has its rate at zero, and for all intents and purposes all of its liquidity windows open—Bernanke will have no choice but to announce some new “non-traditional” liquidity injection scheme shortly.
Thus I expect some Banana Republic money-printing scheme to be announced by the Bernankster before the end of the year—perhaps as early as this coming October. The fall in the price of copper—more than anything else—is what Benny and his Fools will be looking at, to justify this new scheme.
And my bet is, this scheme they announce will be as big—and as controversial—as QE-II.
I am giving my people at The Strategic Planning Group a detailed analysis of what has happened over the past week, and what we can expect to happen in the markets over the coming weeks. You'll have to pay to play for that.
But insofar as my overall view of the situation is concerned, this is what I think:
Bernanke will drive a schoolbus over small children, in order to prevent his notion of deflation from coming true. This fall in the price of copper is much more relevant to his course of action as Fed Chairman than the fall in the price of gold (which was just a combination of options expiration coming up, and gold positions being sold to cover losses in other asset classes).
This dramatic fall in the price of copper signals that the markets do not believe reactivation is anywhere near eminent—not for at least 9 to 18 months.
To the traditional twin Federal Reserve mandates of price stability and full employment, Bernanke has added a third mission: That of “growing the economy”—whatever it takes, however unorthodox or reckless the measures.
Therefore, it is my estimation that very soon now—end of this year at the latest—we will have QE-infinity—and beyond!
WASHINGTON (AP) — A top executive of the American International Group has been granted more than a $4 million increase in a pay package because the executive has decided to remain with the company.
The Obama administration's pay adviser, Kenneth R. Feinberg, approved a request by A.I.G., the insurance giant, to grant the executive a long-term compensation package that included stock options with a current value of $3.26 million and an additional incentive award of up to $1 million. The package comes on top of the person's 2009 base salary of $450,000.
In a letter released by the Treasury Department on Monday, Mr. Feinberg said he was granting the request so that the executive's long-term package would be comparable to those already granted to A.I.G.'s other top 25 executives. The executive had been planning to leave the company and had not been granted long-term compensation benefits.
The Treasury, citing privacy restrictions, declined to reveal the executive's name, and an A.I.G. spokesman said the company would not disclose it, either.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The company has been a focus of taxpayer outrage over executive bonuses after it was revealed that it would pay millions of dollars in bonuses to employees of the division whose trading in complex financial instruments had brought the company to the brink of collapse. The government provided up to $182 billion to stabilize A.I.G., and as a result, the Treasury holds a nearly 80 percent stake in it.
In granting the compensation package request, Mr. Feinberg said it was appropriate “to ensure that the employee contributes to A.I.G.'s long-term success and, ultimately, A.I.G.'s ability to repay taxpayers.”
German tuning company Brabus recently took in a Tesla Roadster and added some further performance tweaks, the bright blue Roadster now features a carbon fibre front lip, a rear spoiler and more advanced rear diffuser, the car also now sits on Monoblock S alloys front and rear.
Tesla Roadster owners who opt for the package also receive a quick charging station for their home garage as well as 30,000kms worth of electrical power from German power company RWE (presumably only if you live in Germany).
It's the first time Brabus has taken on an electric vehicle, interestingly they opted not to modify the drivetrain (the primary target of mods on their gasoline powered conversions), we don't yet know whether this is because they lack the knowledge to tune an electric drive car or whether they wanted to maintain range at the expense of more power.
Brabus did add a sound generator, capable of matching motor rpms with sounds from V8s, race cars or “future soundscapes”. I don't know about you but I'd settle for the sound from Luke's Star Wars Landspeeder.
-To stay in the loop join our Facebook page grab the RSS feed or join us on Twitter @ElectroVelocity –
Enter your email address for free daily updates – Never miss a story! Powered by FeedBurner
Via the fantastic team at Gas2.org
A Victoria woman who robbed a man after he was stabbed and seriously injured by one of her friends has been sentenced to two years in jail, followed by one year of probation.
Crystal Thorne, 21, pleaded guilty Thursday in Western Communities provincial court to two robberies. Thorne pleaded guilty to robbing Ryan Lesage on Sept. 30, 2014, and to robbing two youths near Westshore Town Centre on Jan. 6.
article continues below
“These are serious robberies,” said Judge Roger Cutler, who accepted a joint submission by Crown and defence, and imposed a sentence of two years less a day, followed by probation.
The judge gave Thorne, who has been in custody since Jan. 13, credit of three months for time served. This means she must serve a further 21 months in jail.
Crown prosecutor Steve Salmond told the court that West Shore RCMP received a report at 5:30 p.m. on Sept. 30 that a man had been stabbed near Glennan Road in Langford. They arrived and found Lesage bleeding from the face and chest.
Witnesses told police that Lesage had been drinking with a friend that afternoon on the Galloping Goose Regional Trail. Thorne, who was with a 17-year-old girl and another man, heard Lesage had money and they decided to rob him, Salmond said.
The Crown believes the man who was with Thorne stabbed Lesage, Salmond said. The blade of the knife went into Lesage's brain. He was permanently disabled and will require treatment for a long time.
“There's no evidence to link the two females to the stabbing, other than that they were present for the incident. There's no information that they understood it was going to happen and encouraged it,” Salmond said.
Another youth told police she saw Thorne and the 17-year-old go through Lesage's backpack and take items out of his pack.
The 17-year-old has pleaded guilty to being an accessory to aggravated assault and has already been sentenced, Salmond said. The robbery took place when Thorne was serving a one-year probation order connected to a suspended sentence for an earlier robbery, he said.
The second robbery took place on Jan. 6. Thorne was working with some unknown men, Salmond said. She managed to use two young teenage girls to lure two youths into an area near Westshore Town Centre. The youths were robbed by men wearing ski masks. They took a watch, a hat, a phone and a wallet, Salmond said.
Although Thorne was not involved in the violence, she engineered the robbery, he said.
“If she was older, I think we'd be asking for a penitentiary term,” Salmond said.
Defence lawyer Michael Munro said Thorne's guilty pleas are early and meaningful.
“These would not have been simple matters to prosecute,” Munro said.
He also stressed that Thorne, who turned 21 in December, is young. “She has done well inside,” Munro told the judge. “It's her first time in custody, which has been a bit of a culture shock to her.”
Thorne has successfully completed a Workplace Hazardous Material course, a unit on family violence and a course called Dogs and Babies Entering a Home.
Cutler ordered Thorne to give a sample of her DNA and prohibited her from possessing weapons for five years after her release from custody. Thorne is not to have contact with her co-accused or victims.
ldickson@timescolonist.com
Bravo has played 75 times for Barça since joining from Real Sociedad in 2014
Barcelona say they "have the beginning of an agreement" over keeper Claudio Bravo's transfer to Manchester City.
The Spanish club's technical secretary Robert Fernandez said: "We are awaiting events this week. When Claudio leaves, we hope to have a new keeper."
The arrival of Chile international Bravo, 33, would likely leave England keeper Joe Hart as third choice at City under new manager Pep Guardiola.
Hart, 29, is considering a move after being dropped for Willy Caballero.
Guardiola said on Friday that Hart can leave the club if he wants, with Everton and Spanish side Sevilla interested in signing him.
BBC Sport understands the player does not want to move to Sevilla - or German side Borussia Dortmund, with whom he has also been linked.
Hart has been a substitute in City's three games this season, with former Barça boss Guardiola saying he prefers a goalkeeper "able to play with the ball".
He added: "I spoke with Joe from the first moment we met. I try to be clear with my players and I was clear with him.
"The first thing I am looking for from the goalkeeper is to save. After that he has to be able to help us to create a good build-up. That is why I am here."
Hart has made 347 appearances in all competitions for City since joining from Shrewsbury in 2006.
He has won 63 caps for England, but had a disappointing Euro 2016, making mistakes against Wales and Iceland as Roy Hodgson's side were knocked out in the last 16.
Bravo, who has played 75 games for Barça following a move from Real Sociedad in 2014, is Chile's most capped player with 106 appearances.
Ajax goalkeeper Jasper Cillessen is expected to replace Bravo at Spanish champions Barcelona, who also have German 24-year-old Marc-Andre ter Stegen.
“Three generations of imbeciles are enough.”
— Oliver Wendell Holmes, “Buck v. Bell”
“I don't want to be a criminal. I want to be normal.”
— Steven Avery, “Making a Murderer”
Everyone in the world, it seems, is watching “Making a Murderer,” the Netflix original documentary series about crime, punishment, guilt and innocence. The 10-hour series, which follows the legal drama of Steven Avery, a Wisconsin man jailed 18 years for a rape he didn't commit only to face new charges in a local murder soon after his release, has grabbed viewers with shocking twists and turns, infuriating examples of shoddy police work, and the emotionally wrenching question at its heart: Was an innocent man railroaded twice?
Advertisement:
Twitter is abuzz. Hollywood has opinions about the case (People magazine quoted tweets from Rainn Wilson, Ricky Gervais and Emmy Rossum, among others). Former prosecutor Ken Kratz has been all over the media lately lambasting the filmmakers, claiming they left out important evidence (the bits he mentioned don't feel particularly crucial, or even verifiable, and of course his own credibility has been damaged, no matter how you feel about his work on the Avery case, by the allegations he sexually harassed a crime victim in another case, which led to his 2010 resignation).
Naturally, there have been think pieces (including Erik Nelson's sharp cultural analysis on Salon this week). Following the phenomenal success of the podcast “Serial,” it's pretty clear that “Making a Murderer” comes at a time when we are newly attracted to true crime narratives. More than just a popular entertainment option, “Making a Murderer,” created by filmmakers Laura Ricciardi and Moira Demos, is a bona fide cultural event.
It's also one of the whitest things to appear on television lately. Whiter than a Woody Allen movie. Whiter than all the episodes of “Friends” that didn't costar Aisha Tylor. Whiter than the snow that flurries around Avery, his family and the lawyers in all those scenes set in a brutal Wisconsin winter.
So what does “Making a Murderer” have to do with race? A lot, it turns out.
As historian Nell Irvin Painter wrote in her 2010 book, “A History of White People,” while much of our nation's historical interest in race has centered on black and white, there has always been a debate about the terms of whiteness itself. “Rather than a single, enduring definition of whiteness,” Painter writes, “we find multiple enlargements occurring against a backdrop of black/white dichotomy.” These “enlargements” include the gradual, often contested, inclusion of Irish, Italian and other non-Anglo Saxon Europeans into the fold of white America.
A century had passed since so-called race scientists had argued that people of different races actually belonged to distinct species. But as the late 19th century ended and the 20th century began, the categorizing of human beings was anything but fading – with the burgeoning of the eugenics movement, scientific racism moved from theory to practice. No longer satisfied with simply studying the differences among people – using calipers to measure head size and shape, assigning labels to skin color and hair texture – now the race scientists turned toward identifying families marred by “defective heredity” and preventing their ranks from reproducing through coerced or forced sterilization.
Advertisement:
Among the social scientists who created the modern eugenics movement were Richard L. Dugdale, whose study of prisons led him to create a mythical family, the Jukes, whose members form an archetype of the “degenerate white.” As Dugdale wrote, “…fornication, either consanguineous or not, is the backborn of their habits, flanked on one side by pauperism, on the other by crime.” Undereducated, lazy, illegitimate and often afflicted with syphilis, the Jukes represented the weakest branch on the white family tree.
Henry H. Goddard, a researcher who worked at the Vineland Training School for Feeble-Minded Girls and Boys in New Jersey, invented the second great mythical family of eugenics, the Kallikaks, based on a young woman he had studied at Vineland. Although Goddard noted that she was attractive enough to get a man and have babies, the pseudonymous Deborah Kallikak had the mind of a child, and was certain to spawn another generation of mental and moral defectives. His book, “The Kallikak Family,” published in 1912 (“to a fine critical reception,” Painter archly points out), argued that something had to be done to prevent their further spread. “There are Kallikak families all about us,” Goddard wrote; “they are multiplying at twice the rate of the general population.” As Painter notes, many successful whites saw such flawed heredity as “a threat to the welfare of the race.” How can white supremacy stand when some whites are so clearly inferior?
Against this history, it's impossible not to see the Avery family at the center of “Making a Murderer” as a contemporary version of the Kallikaks and the Jukes.
In the first episode, Reesa Evans, the public defender assigned to Steven Avery in the 1985 rape case that first sent him to prison, lays out the social structure of Manitowoc County, Wisconsin. “Manitowoc County is working class farmers. And the Avery family, they weren't that,” she says, noting that the Avery business was an auto junkyard, not a farm. “They dealt in junk. … They didn't dress like everybody else. They didn't have education like other people. They weren't involved in all the community activities. I don't think it ever crossed their mind that they should try to fit into the community. They fit into the community that they had built.”
Advertisement:
Avery's cousin Kim Ducat argued that the police prejudged Avery based on his family. “There goes another Avery. They're all trouble,” was how she characterized the local attitude.
Evans agreed. “Sheriff's department saw [Avery family] as kind of problem, and definitely undesirable members of the community.” As for Steve, she describes looking at his educational records and seeing that he “barely functioned in school. His IQ was 70.”
After Avery was sent away for the 1985 rape conviction, we learn, he was separated from the five children he loved. We see their pictures. They're pale, with white-blond hair, skinny. One daughter has noticeably asymmetrical eyes (the kind of minor physical disfigurement that figures prominently in early eugenics tracts about hereditary fitness).
Advertisement:
In later episodes we meet Brendan Dassey, Avery's nephew, who becomes a key figure in his story. Rough-featured, with a hang-dog expression, Brendan has learning difficulties (a generation younger than Steve, his IQ isn't part of the record we hear about him). One lawyer calls him “slow.” Another describes him as “intellectually limited.” Another argues, in his defense, “don't convict him because he couldn't pick his parents.”
“I am learning the Avery family history and about each member of the Avery family,” wrote investigator Michael O'Kelly in an email to his employer Len Kachinsky, who served as Brendan Dassey's first defense attorney (Kachinsky was subsequently decertified by the state public defender's office from taking homicide cases following news of his actions in the Dassey case).
“These are criminals,” the email continued. “There are members engaged in sexual activity with nieces, nephews, cousins, in-laws. … These people are pure evil. A friend of mine suggested, ‘This is a one-branch family tree. Cut this tree down. We need to end the gene pool here.'”
Advertisement:
That's a familiar call for any student of history. Sterilization was the eugenicist's tool of choice a century ago, when Oliver Wendell Holmes famously wrote, in a sterilization lawsuit brought by Carrie Buck before the United States Supreme Court, “three generations of imbeciles are enough.”
All of these helps explain how and why the forces of respectability in Wisconsin – the police officers, private investigators, prosecutors – lined up against the Avery family with such ease, such speed. In their eyes the Avery family wasn't respectable. They were Jukes, Kallikaks, poor whites, hereditary losers. In this very white corner of the state, with no people of color to treat as second-class citizens, the "degenerate whites" would do just as well. I'm not saying prejudice against poor whites is anywhere near as virulent or damaging as racism against people of color. But it came from the same bad science, crackpot scientists, and inane theories. And it lingers — sometimes invisibly, sometimes making itself clear as it did in Manitowoc County.
News broke last week on the possibility of a PlayStation Vita version for hotly-anticipated sequel Borderlands 2. Speaking at the Rezzed conference for PC/Indie games, Gearbox Software CEO and President Randy Pitchford was asked by a fan whether Borderlands 2 could come to the handheld, and he replied, "Perhaps some of you folks can convince Sony to start that."
At a recent preview event where I was given hands-on time with the game, I took the opportunity to ask Pitchford for clarification. When asked if any outside development teams had stepped forward to offer handling the port, Pitchford said that three teams have approached Gearbox since the news from Rezzed broke. He declined to name who those developers were, but he made sure to iterate that, currently, there is absolutely no PS Vita development occuring. The ball is firmly in Sony's court in terms of approving and governing the porting process, and they've been unfortunately silent on the issue. Pitchford would've loved to see Borderlands 2 being played on a PS Vita at Sony's E3 conference, but it simply never played out.
Stay tuned to PSU for more on all things Borderlands 2, and sound off in the comments if you'd like to see a crossplay-compatible version of the game come to PS Vita.
New research shows that increases in rainfall and extreme weather because of climate change will increase the amount of nitrogen polluting rivers and other waterways. The findings underscore the urgency of reforming agriculture to dramatically reduce the use of nitrogen fertilizers.
It is a painful lesson of our time that the things we depend on to make our lives more comfortable can also kill us. Our addiction to fossils fuels is the obvious example, as we come to terms with the slow motion catastrophe of climate change. But we are addicted to nitrogen, too, in the fertilizers that feed us, and it now appears that the combination of climate change and nitrogen pollution is multiplying the possibilities for wrecking the world around us.
A new study in Science projects that climate change will increase the amount of nitrogen ending up in U.S. rivers and other waterways by 19 percent on average over the remainder of the century — and much more in hard-hit areas, notably the Mississippi-Atchafalaya River Basin (up 24 percent) and the Northeast (up 28 percent). That's not counting likely increases in nitrogen inputs from more intensive agriculture, or from increased human population.
Instead, Stanford University researcher Eva Sinha and her co-authors simply took historical records of nitrogen runoff as a result of rainstorms over the past few decades, recorded by the U.S. Geological Survey. Then, assuming for the sake of argument that there will be no change in the amount of nitrogen being added to the environment, they calculated how much additional nitrogen would be leached out of farm fields and washed down rivers solely because of extreme weather events and increased total rainfall predicted in most climate change scenarios. The bottom line: “Anticipated changes in future precipitation patterns alone will lead to large and robust increases in watershed-scale nitrogen fluxes by the end of the century for the business-as-usual scenario.”
Lakes and other freshwater bodies now routinely face toxic blue-green algae blooms that are fueled by nitrogen pollution.
But the business-as-usual scenario is of course already in trouble, even without climate change. Headlines have tended to fixate on the Gulf of Mexico “dead zone” produced by nitrogen flushed down the Mississippi River from the cornfields of the upper Midwest. (This year's “dead zone” is the largest ever, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration announced last week.) But the problem is already much broader than that, says senior author Anna M. Michalak, also of Stanford, citing a series of recent incidents caused by nitrogen pollution. Last summer, for instance, a 33-square-mile algae bloom caused Florida to declare a four-county state of emergency. Another closed the Dungeness crab fishery along half of the Washington State coast last year and affected other fisheries as far south as Mexico. The combined effect of climate change and nitrogen pollution is also evident on inland waterways, according to Hans Paerl, an aquatic ecologist at the University of North Carolina's Institute of Marine Sciences. In the past, cleanup efforts on lakes and other freshwater bodies could achieve major improvements just by targeting phosphorous pollution, also from fertilizer. But now they routinely face toxic blue-green algae (or cyanobacteria) blooms, fueled by nitrogen pollution. That problem is being exacerbated, Paerl and his co-authors argued in a study last year, by warmer temperatures and increased rainfall associated with climate change. Efforts by water quality managers to protect the water supply may not work in the future, they wrote, because climate change introduces so many new uncertainties about hydrology, stratification, and nutrient dynamics.
Workers navigate their way through an algae bloom in Lake Taihu, China's third largest freshwater lake, in June 2007. LIU JIN/AFP/Getty Images
These toxic algae blooms have become alarmingly widespread in recent decades, according to Paerl. One such bloom in the western end of Lake Erie forced Toledo, Ohio, to cut off the water supply temporarily to 500,000 residents in 2014. The same thing happened in China's Lake Taihu in 2007, leaving 2.3 million people without water. The threat to human health was not hypothetical. Blue-green algae toxins in the drinking water at a dialysis center in Brazil caused 76 deaths from acute liver failure in a 1996 incident. Those toxins have also caused liver damage in children drinking from China's Three Gorges Reservoir. In the United States, a 2015 study found evidence of blue-green algae blooms in 62 percent of the 3,100 U.S. counties surveyed and concluded that these blooms were “significantly related to the risk of non-alcoholic liver disease death.” The problem with nitrogen is evident, finally, even on land. Atmospheric nitrogen – from intensive farming and livestock operations, power plants, road traffic, and other sources – now gets deposited everywhere, making soils more fertile. That has the paradoxical effect of reducing plant diversity by displacing native species adapted to nutrient-poor soils. A study last year in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS) examined more than 15,000 forest, woodland, grassland, and shrubland sites across the United States and found that a quarter of them have already exceeded the nitrogen levels associated with species loss. Researchers don't know yet how nitrogen and climate change together will affect plant diversity. But in an experiment in an arid southern California habitat, added nitrogen together with changing rainfall patterns caused a community of native shrubs to shift to non-native grasses.
Farmers are acutely aware of their leading role in this unfolding disaster. In Europe, they have managed to reduce nitrogen use substantially without any decrease in productivity over the past quarter century because of mandatory European Union limits. The United States has so far relied on a voluntary approach, with mixed results. But when the city of Des Moines, Iowa sued upstream farm counties two years ago for the cost of equipment to remove nitrogen runoff from its drinking water supply, many farmers heard alarm bells. (A federal court ultimately dismissed the lawsuit early this year.) “I haven't seen a willingness to engage in a conservation program like this in my lifetime,” says Nick Goeser, a soil scientist and director of the Soil Health Partnership. The issue resonates with farmers in part because applying nitrogen fertilizer accounts for up to half the cost of running a farm, and they would naturally prefer the expenditure to pay off in increased yield rather than have it wash away down the river. They recognize that nitrogen runoff is contaminating their own drinking water, says Goeser, and they have also noticed the effects of climate change on their crops.
Water flows off a farm in Tennessee following a storm. Scientists project climate-fueled rain events could increase runoff nitrogen in U.S. waterways by 19 percent. Tim McCabe/USDA
The Soil Health Partnership, which combines agribusiness funding with technical advice from the Environmental Defense Fund and the Nature Conservancy, works to scale up three solutions to the nitrogen problem—use of off-season cover crops to reduce the runoff that inevitably occurs when fields remain bare through the winter, low- or no-till farming, and “advanced nutrient management,” or what Goeser describes as “spoon-feeding” nitrogen in the precise amount and time that the plant needs it. None of that is as simple as it may sound. For instance, use of cover crops “makes an incredible difference, with a 60-80 percent improvement in runoff,” says Goeser. It's expensive, however, and could actually decrease corn or soybean yield the following year if the farmer does it wrong. It only starts to improve resilience to extreme weather events like flooding or drought, and thus yield, after three to five years. But in the Midwest, says Goeser, 60 percent of the acreage is operated on a one-year rental basis, meaning farmers have no incentive to invest in the long-term health of the land. Fewer than 5 percent of them plant cover crops.
Advanced nutrient management means switching from applying fertilizer in the fall to the spring, and not all at once in the spring, but in small doses throughout the season, with sensors indicating exactly how much nitrogen a specific section of field actually needs. But the 10-foot-high equipment to work with a growing crop is expensive.
Among the long-term solutions being proposed are genetically-engineered cereals that fix nitrogen from the atmosphere and lab-cultured meat.
Listen to Corrections House ‘Know How to Carry a Whip'
‘Know How To Carry A Whip' is the new studio album from Corrections House. Apparently, so it says here, it was
“captured by the band's own Sanford Parker (Buried At Sea) alongside recently institutionalized minister of propaganda, Seward Fairbury, in a subterranean bunker complex in Vietnam.”
Following on from 2013's ‘Last City Zero' debut, ‘Know How To Carry A Whip' features a guest appearance by Negative Soldier as well as the band themselves: Parker, Fairbury, Scott Kelly (Neurosis), Bruce Lamont (Yakuza) and Mike IX Williams (Eyehategod).
The ‘Know How To Carry A Whip' track listing is as follows:
1. Crossing My One Good Finger
2. Superglued Tooth
3. White Man's Gonna Lose
4. Hopeless Moronic
5. Visions Divide
6. The Hall Of Cost
7. When Push Comes To Shank
8. I Was Never Good At Meth
9. Burn The Witness
I haven't read every single one of the various atheist books by Dawkins, Harris, Dennett, Hitchens, et al. But I've read most of them.
I've also read the historic atheists such as Russell, et al.
What amazes me is that anyone takes them seriously. Even when I was deep in my anti-God period, I could see that Russell's Why I am Not a Christian (which says everything worth saying that is found in any of the other books, by the way) used self-refuting arguments. If you followed his line of reasoning to its end, you would have eliminated the existence of 2 billion Christians who are on the globe today.
The illogic of his logic actually led me to believe that if atheism had good arguments, they weren't being advanced. This is telling because I was at a point in my life where I wanted to be convinced by atheism.
I've come to the conclusion that the crude and nasty atheists of today's public forums are the way they are for two simple reasons. First, their philosophy, such as it is, is so hopeless and nihilistic that it is crazy-making. Second, anyone who reads one of these “four horsemen” and is convinced by them (much fewer goes around quoting them and pretending their ideas are your own) is either an adolescent, or they are an adult who is stuck is permanent adolescence.
The Four Horsemen and their progenitors are not thinkers for grown-ups.
I've just finished reading a book that addresses this adolescent thinking from the viewpoint of a fellow scientist. David Berlinski is a senior fellow at the Discovery Institute's Center for Science and Culture. He has written such books as A Tour of the Calculus and The Advent of the Algorithm. What that means, aside from the fact that he's got the chops to address the scientific hubris of the new atheism from the inside, is that, unlike most of the professional new atheist apologists, he doesn't just go around writing hate screeds for a living. He actually writes and thinks about something else.
I wish his book on the scientific pretensions of the new atheism had a less lurid title. The book is of a higher quality than its title. However, I know that titles sell, and publishers make these decisions.
The book is called The Devil's Delusion, Atheism and Its Scientific Pretensions.
If you haven't read it, you should. Berlinski writes with dry wit and clarity of the scientific gibberish that makes up the framework of new atheist arguments. The book is not, as the atheist books are, a vicious screed against those who disagree with him. It is rather, a gentle poke in the ribs.
Berlinski (who is not a believer) disassembles the house of cards of atheist scientific arguments against God, based entirely on the sheer outrageousness of their claims. There are no calls to insult people or attack them in the book. It doesn't make totalitarian arguments that scientists should have their children taken away from them for the “child abuse” of teaching their kids what they themselves believe. There's no trippy conflab about flying spaghetti monsters, and not one word of building a Christian revenge movement to drive atheists from the public square.
The Devil's Delusion simply points out a few of the many over-the-top claims that atheists make in the name of science and calls them what they are: The attack polemics of a blind and absolutist faith. All of which is to say that the scientific claims by atheists are propaganda. They are not science at all.
I recommend The Devil's Delusion. I hope that you will read it. If you're being reading the adolescent rants of the new atheists, I especially hope you read it. It's a great palate cleanser.
A very strange fact has come to the attention of observant YouTubers today – It appears that Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords is subscribed to her own shooter, Jared Lee Loughner, on YouTube.
As is seen in the image below, Giffords is subscribed to only two YouTube users. One is former Democratic Congressman Ike Skelton of Missouri and the other is Loughner, under the YouTube name of Classitup10.
It is unclear at this point as to how or why Representative Giffords became subscribed to Loughner's channel. Odds are that Giffords was not the one in charge of actually managing her YouTube channel, uploading videos and subscribing to other YouTuber's channels. That being said, it seems unlikely that whoever is in charge would have signed on to YouTube and subscribed to any channels, let alone Loughner's, since the tragic events of last Saturday. If anyone had signed in to Loughner's YouTube channel since Saturday you would think they would have at least added some kind of note about what happened, and none exists.
It just wouldn't make sense for one of Giffords' staff to subscribe to Loughner's YouTube channel after the events of last weekend. But that only means one thing – Giffords' YouTube account was subscribed to Loughner's before the tragedy. But why? Could it be that Loughner was using YouTube to communicate with Giffords' offices before the event? Didn't anyone think it was a good idea to watch the videos before subscribing to this guy? I'll be curious to see whether any intelligence regarding this strange phenomenon will emerge. Loughner, by the way, does not appear to be subscribed to Giffords. Any thoughts?
UPDATE (1-11-11): As pointed out by Taylen P. in the comments below, someone logged in to Giffords' account and unsubscribed to Loughner's account last night.
One of our absolute most favorite fandoms is Harry Potter. The latest addition to the Harry Potter Cinematic World, Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, is now out on Blu-Ray! To celebrate the release of this new generation of Harry Potter inspired films, we have come up with a brand-new recipe! With food being such an important player in J.K. Rowling's storytelling, we wanted to pick a recipe that would be easy to replicate but feel magical. It only stood to reason then, that we should make Queenie's Hot Chocolate!
In the film, Queenie makes Newt Scamander and Jacob Kowalski hot cocoa. She serves them Conjure Cocoa, a brand of instant wizarding hot chocolate. This was a popular brand for wizards and witches in the 1920s as instant hot chocolate was just becoming popular at this time. Sadly, we aren't able to get our hands on any Conjure Cocoa (restrictions and all).
For our version of Queenie's Hot Cocoa, we have modified a recipe that would have been popular in the 1920s before instant hot chocolate became popular. This version was a richer drinking chocolate. Believe it or not, even before the 1920s, Thomas Jefferson predicted that drinking chocolate would someday eclipse tea and coffee in popularity. Doctors touted its medical benefits. Not only did drinking chocolate restore healthy weight gain for patients recovering from tuberculosis, while stimulating the nervous system it acted as a calming agent for soldiers fresh from battle. Dementors anyone? To make our hot chocolate a bit more magical, we used orange blossom water and a bit of nutmeg.
We hope our recipe for Queenie's Hot Chocolate has made your day a little more magical! Have you seen Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them? What recipe would you love to try? Perhaps a pie from Jacob? Queenie's Strudel? Let us know in the comments below or use the hashtag #GeekEats!
Print Queenie's Hot Chocolate: A Fantastic beast and Where to Find Them Inspired Recipe Cook Time: 5 minutes Total Time: 5 minutes Yield: 4 cups of hot chocolate Serving Size: 1 cup of hot chocolate Ingredients 6 ounces fine-quality semisweet or bittersweet chocolate chips (we used Ghirardelli Semi Sweet Baking Chips)
1/4 cup Water, room temperature
3 tablespoons Hot Water
1/2 tsp Orange Blossom Water
1/4 tsp Nutmeg
3 cups hot milk, divided Instructions In a microwave safe bowl combine chocolate and 1/4 cup water. (You can also use a double boiler method; but we like easy)
Microwave until melted, stirring occasionally; about one minute.
Stir until smooth.
Whisk in 3 tablespoons hot water, Orange Blossom Water, and nutmeg.
Divide among individual 4 mugs.
Divide hot milk into each mug, stirring chocolate mixture until smooth.
Serve Recipe Management Powered by Zip Recipes Plugin 5.0 https://2geekswhoeat.com/fantastic-beasts-hot-chocolate-recipe/
*The Geeks were not compensated or given any comped items to facilitate this write-up; Opinions and recipe are wholly our own. View our Disclosure Policy for more info.
Save
The San Francisco 49ers lost to the Denver Broncos 33-14 in Week 2 of the NFL Preseason. We'll spare you the lowlights of the 5-turnover game, and instead, we'll bring you the highlights; here's a look at each of the Niners' top plays from Saturday.
Throughout the San Francisco 49ers' 33-14 loss to the Denver Broncos, the Niners were in true preseason form. From starting quarterback Brian Hoyer's non-throw, to the offense's ongoing inability to line up in a legal formation, it was mostly a game to forget.
But in a matchup full of turnovers and penalties, the San Francisco 49ers mustered a number of highlights and positive performances from players who will need to contribute in 2017.
For the second week in a row, the 49ers' first-team defense was violent and aggressive; and again, the weak link appeared to be top cornerback Rashard Robinson. The rest of the starting secondary was quite impressive.
Training camp standout Lorenzo Jerome likely solidified his safety roster spot with his performance in place of injured free safety Jimmy Ward, who hopes to return to practice this week.
On the first defensive play of the game, Jerome is lined up across from Broncos wide receiver Bennie Fowler — in one of the three ways 49ers defensive coordinator Robert Saleh sets his defense up against Twins formations — and immediately makes his presence felt:
Fellow safety Eric Reid was my 49ers player of the game, and was constantly around the ball, tackling hard and making plays.
As I said during the game, Reid's new role fits his skill set, which is attacking, and going north-south:
Tank Carradine also had a very strong game, and continues to hold off rookie Solomon Thomas for the 49ers' starting “big end” 5-technique defensive end position.
Here, his quarterback pressure causes the incomplete pass:
On this third down, Jerome reads Broncos quarterback Paxton Lynch's eyes and is in perfect position to defend the pass, which he almost intercepts:
Reid knifes in and stops running back C.J. Anderson after a short 2-yard gain:
Jerome gets to the edge and stops Anderson before he can reach the end zone:
Follow the Globe's Justice writer @SeanFineGlobe on Twitter for live coverage of the Marc Nadon hearings
The nomination of Justice Marc Nadon from the Federal Court of Appeal to the Supreme Court raises a serious constitutional issue. Far from being anecdotal, this nomination contradicts both the text and the spirit of the Canadian Constitution which, since 1982, protects the Supreme Court of Canada as the highest judicial institution in general, and the composition of that Court in particular (in accordance with sections 41 d) and 42d) of the Constitution Act 1982. Much more than an awkward nomination, the Nadon controversy puts directly in question the weight of Quebec's civil law within the Supreme Court, and by extension, the binary nature of the Canadian legal system. This matter is important, because as with Senate reform and the changes to royal succession (two other issues before the courts), the federal government is unilaterally proceeding with changes to the constitution and to the rules that are protected by a procedure which requires the consent of the provinces.
After having tried to prevent an anticipated controversy by the production of a legal opinion written by a former member of the Supreme Court and after having seen the nomination of Justice Nadon challenged in court by two lawyers from Toronto, the federal government has decided to refer the matter directly to the Supreme Court. Furthermore, the federal government has presented on the sly to Parliament a change to the Supreme Court Act (SCA), which seeks to impose its interpretation of the constitutional requirements in relation to the nomination of the three judges from Quebec. But, according to section 41 of the Constitution Act, the federal Parliament cannot, without the consent of each province, change the composition of the Supreme Court of Canada.
Story continues below advertisement
In a unanimous motion, the National Assembly of Quebec has rightly denounced the nomination of Justice Nadon to the Supreme Court and has asked for the right to take part in the nomination process of the three Quebec judges of the Supreme Court.
The nomination of Justice Nadon, the request for an opinion from the honorable Ian Binnie, a former member of the Supreme Court of Canada, as well as the changes to the SCA are in fact illegal attempts to go around the requirements of section 6 of the SCA. This section sets specific requirements for the nomination of three judges from Quebec. It requires that the three Quebec judges be chosen from among members of the Superior Court or of the Court of Appeal of Quebec – the general courts responsible for the application of Quebec civil law – or among lawyers who are currently members of the Bar of Quebec and have been for the last 10 years. Since he has not been a member of the Bar of Quebec for decades, and he is not a resident of Quebec, Justice Nadon unfortunately does not fit into any of those categories.
Much more than simple formalities, these requirements are essential characteristics of the composition of the Supreme Court of Canada. These guarantees go back to the Quebec Act of 1774 and constitute one of the essential aspects of the recognised distinctive character of Quebec. They are derived from both the binational and bifocal nature of the Canadian legal system and their purpose is to preserve the specific identity and the integrity of the Quebec civil law system. The recent recognition of the Quebec nation by the House of Commons confirms that these guarantees necessarily have a cultural dimension, since civil law is a major element of the culture of the Quebec nation.
Otherwise, it would be too easy to bypass the constitutional protection of civil law by naming to the highest Canadian court jurists, such as Justice Nadon, who have long since ended their practice of Quebec civil law. These jurists have lost daily contact particularly with the application of the Civil Code of Quebec and of laws adopted by Quebec's National Assembly, as well as with the safeguard of the principles and the internal logic of civil law. By its very nature, the jurisdiction of the Federal Court is strictly limited to federal law and its judges are rarely exposed to civil law, and if so, to a limited or marginal extent.
Justice Nadon was named to the Federal Court in 1993, which is before the new Civil Code came into effect. He has therefore never practiced as a lawyer under the Civil Code of Quebec. Afterwards, as a member of the Federal Court, he had no contact with large parts of the Civil Code which have a direct bearing on the functioning of Quebec society, such as civil rights law, property law, the law of sureties, the law of succession, family law, etc. In these circumstances, the ties between Justice Nadon and Quebec law, as well as his ties with Quebec, have been too remote for too long to make it possible to consider that the spirit of section 6 of the SCA, which benefits from the constitutional protection of section 41, has been respected in his case.
This nomination is also an embarrassment for the Canadian judicial system, particularly for the judges of the Supreme Court. Indeed they are the ones who will soon have to rule on the delicate matter of irregularities surrounding the nomination process of one of their own, and this by criticizing the opinion written at the request of the federal government by a former member of the court, the honorable Ian Binnie. On the simple level of appearances, this Ping-Pong game between the federal government, the Supreme Court and a former member of that same Court about the nomination of one of its members has something Kafkaesque about it. The more cynical observers will see nothing to increase the confidence of the public in the judicial nomination process and the administration of justice.
Finally, it is hard to see how the Supreme Court can preserve in this case the appearance of impartiality as defined by its own rigorous precedents, while deciding on the constitutionality of the nomination of one of its members, who has been sworn in and is said to have already an office within the walls of this central institution of the Canadian State.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
André Joli-Cœur is a constitutional lawyer. He acted as amicus curia in the Quebec Secession Reference in which the question of Quebec's accession to sovereignty was addressed by the Supreme Court; André Binette is a constitutional lawyer and former co-chairman to the Nunavik Commission. He was a member of the legal team of the Quebec Secession Reference; Patrick Taillon is a professor of constitutional law at Laval University; Étienne Dubreuil is a partner at D.S. Welch Bussières.
Did you know August '07 was the last time Jeremy the Sony PR Gnome appeared in Dueling Analogs? I didn't realize it was that long ago. Huh…
As far as dead pixels on a PSP, I guess I was lucky. I only had one. From what I read at the time of launch, you were pretty much guaranteed to have at least one. So I guess I got the best possible outcome. Plus, it was in the upper right corner where you could barely see it. Not sure if that issue has been resolved with the newer versions or not.
HEY LISTEN!!! Don't forget about the donation drive on the home page of Dueling Analogs. It's only been two days and we're about 10% of the way there, which is mighty impressive. But we've still got a way to go. May sure to ready the details for further incentives. And thanks to everyone who's donated so far, I greatly appreciate it.
Bug Description
[Impact]
* The cache refresh is blocked on a strdup on a non-NULL-terminated string in some very rare occasions (very rare because this bug is present for almost 3y without a single report).
* Fixing this bug resolves the issue for people who might experience it.
* See https:/ /github. com/ximion/ appstream/ issues/ 35 for details.
[Test Case 1]
* Run `sudo appstreamcli refresh --force`
* The AppStream cache should be updated, no change in behavior should be seen.
[Test Case 2]
* In case you were experiencing the almost-infinite hang when running `sudo appstreamcli refresh --force`, this issue should be fixed with the SRU.
[Regression Potential]
* Very low, since this only fixes the decompression code. There should be no sideeffects of that (given that the patch itself doesn't break anything, which it shouldn't, since it has been tested upstream for a while)
[Other Info]
* This fix has been applied upstream: https:/ /github. com/ximion/ appstream/ commit/ f33c520c37e2ba5 1d92402220250b8 d501a2bf43
* A smaller version of the patch (one-liner) is available, at the expense of not having reduced memory usage: https:/ /github. com/ximion/ appstream/ commit/ 378941787d3584b 3eb31a6ebe40e0a acc10e180a
####
/!\ Installing the bugfix from xenial-proposed, without going through APT:
To install the fixed packages manually, please execute the following commands (for amd64, adjust URLs for other architectures):
```
cd /tmp && mkdir asfix
cd asfix
wget https:/ /launchpad. net/ubuntu/ +archive/ primary/ +files/ appstream_ 0.9.4-1ubuntu1_ amd64.deb
wget https:/ /launchpad. net/ubuntu/ +archive/ primary/ +files/ libappstream3_ 0.9.4-1ubuntu1_ amd64.deb
sudo dpkg -i libappstream3*.deb
sudo dpkg -i appstream*.deb
```
Borderline Personality Disorder (BPD) is pure "classic" Junk science.
Psychiatry is Junk science
No scientific data that Psychiatry works!
Snapshot:
Borderline Personality Disorder (BPD) is the benchmark of psychiatric behaviour control. Diagnosed in the DSM-IV as those who are selfish, rude, arrogant, violent, Borderline Personality Disorder is just what it sounds like: People who need to learn how to act like a Christian. BPD is a behaviour choice not a disease.
A. Snapshot summary:
1. Multiple Personality Disorder (MPD) is a behaviour choice not a disease.
2. Borderline Personality Disorder, BPD is not caused from chemical imbalance theories of unproven Junk science.
3. Treating Multiple Personality Disorder (MPD) with drugs is like smashing a computer because of a software virus.
4. These sinful behaviours are the basis of someone getting diagnosed with Borderline Personality Disorder:
a. A spoiled, selfish, violent, entitled brat who lacks self-control.
b. inappropriate, intense, or uncontrolled anger;
c. impulsiveness in spending, sex, substance use, shoplifting, reckless driving, or binge eating;
d. recurring suicidal threats or self-injurious behavior;
e. marked, persistent uncertainty about self-image, long term goals, friendships, and values;
f. impulsivity, mood instability, aggression, anger, anxiety, and irritability
5. Borderline Personality Disorder, BPD is best treated in different ways depending on the age:
a. Age 1-5: a wooden spoon on the rear end.
b. Age 6-10: the time out bench
c. Age 11-13: grounding to the bedroom, house chores, writing lines "I will be good" 100x.
d. Age 14-18: rebuke, extra house chores, grounding, no cell phone or allowance, read the book of James 10 times.
e. Age 19>: send the kid to university and let the professor's deal with him.
6. Jesus commands us not to behave in sinful ways.
B. What biopsychiatrists, drug companies and governments say:
Notice they admit they have no idea what causes the plethora of personality disorders in the DSM-4. However it is clear they are learned sinful behaviours:
1. "Recent Research Findings: Although the cause of BPD is unknown, both environmental and genetic factors are thought to play a role in predisposing patients to BPD symptoms and traits. Studies show that many, but not all individuals with BPD report a history of abuse, neglect, or separation as young children. Forty to 71 percent of BPD patients report having been sexually abused, usually by a non-caregiver. ... NIMH-funded neuroscience research is revealing brain mechanisms underlying the impulsivity, mood instability, aggression, anger, and negative emotion seen in BPD. Studies suggest that people predisposed to impulsive aggression have impaired regulation of the neural circuits that modulate emotion. The amygdala, a small almond-shaped structure deep inside the brain, is an important component of the circuit that regulates negative emotion. In response to signals from other brain centers indicating a perceived threat, it marshals fear and arousal. ... Serotonin, norepinephrine and acetylcholine are among the chemical messengers in these circuits that play a role in the regulation of emotions, including sadness, anger, anxiety, and irritability. Drugs that enhance brain serotonin function may improve emotional symptoms in BPD. Likewise, mood-stabilizing drugs that are known to enhance the activity of GABA, the brain's major inhibitory neurotransmitter, may help people who experience BPD-like mood swings. Such brain-based vulnerabilities can be managed with help from behavioral interventions and medications, much like people manage susceptibility to diabetes or high blood pressure." (Borderline Personality Disorder, BPD, National Institute of Mental Health, NIMH, 2006)
2. "What causes personality disorders is the most enigmatic and challenging question pertaining to this group of complex disorders. As was described in the section on the history of personality disorders, various hypotheses have been formulated over the years. Psychoanalytic theory has tended to emphasize the contribution of develop-mental and environmental factors, such as pathological or inadequate parenting, whereas neurobiological perspectives have emphasized genetic, constitutional, or biological factors." (Textbook of Clinical Psychiatry, Hales, Yudofsky, 2003 AD, p 808)
3. "The etiology of oppositional defiant disorder is not well understood." (Textbook of Clinical Psychiatry, Hales, Yudofsky, 2003 AD, p 863)
4. "What causes Borderline Personality Disorder (BPD)? The causes of BPD are unclear, although psychological and biological factors may be involved. ... How is BPD treated? A combination of psychotherapy and medication appears to provide the best results for treatment of BPD." (Borderline Personality Disorder, NAMI, National Alliance on Mental Illness, S. Charles Schulz, MD May 2003)
5. "borderline personality disorder: Etiology: Psychoanalytic theories have emphasized the importance of early parent—child relationships in the etiology of borderline personality disorder. Such reports have emphasized maternal mismanagement of the 2- to 3-year-old child's efforts to become autonomous (Masterson 1972), exaggerated maternal frustration that aggravates the child's anger (Kernberg 1975), and inattention to the child's emotions and attitudes (Adler 1985). A consider-able body of empirical research has embellished these theories by documenting a high frequency of traumatic early abandonment, physical abuse, and sexual abuse. These traumatic experiences appear to occur within a context of sustained neglect from which the pre- borderline child develops an enduring rage and self- hatred." (Textbook of Clinical Psychiatry, Hales, Yudofsky, 2003 AD, p 817)
6. "As is the case with other psychiatric disorders, the answer is not likely to be simple. It is unlikely that any personality disorder has a single cause, whether environmental (e.g., childhood abuse) or biological (e.g., a single gene). Rather, available data suggest that personality disorders (as well as normal personality traits) result from a complex combination of, and interaction between, temperament (genetic and other biological factors) and psychological (developmental or environmental) factors (Paris 1993)." (Textbook of Clinical Psychiatry, Hales, Yudofsky, 2003 AD, p 808)
7. "Some theories suggest that paranoid personality disorder originates from having been the object of excessive parental rage or from having been repeatedly humiliated by others. Either type of experience could lead to feelings of inadequacy and vulnerability, followed by projection onto others of hostility and rage, as well as a tendency to blame others for one's shortcomings and problems." (Textbook of Clinical Psychiatry, Hales, Yudofsky, 2003 AD, p 811)
8. "narcissistic personality disorder Etiology: Little scientific evidence is available about the pathogenesis of narcissistic personality disorder. Reconstructions based on developmental history and observations in psychoanalytic treatment indicate that this disorder develops in persons who have had their fears, failures, or dependency responded to with criticism, disdain, or neglect during their childhood years. Such experiences leave them contemptuous of such reactions in them-selves and others and inexperienced in viewing others as sources of comfort and support. They develop a veneer of invulnerability and self-sufficiency that masks their underlying emptiness and constricts their capacity to feel deeply." (Textbook of Clinical Psychiatry, Hales, Yudofsky, 2003 AD, p 821)
9. "Avoidant Personality Disorder Etiology Millon (1981), from whose work DSM avoidant personality disorder was derived, suggested that the disorder develops from parental rejection and censure, which may be reinforced by rejecting peers." (Textbook of Clinical Psychiatry, Hales, Yudofsky, 2003 AD, p 821)
10. "dependent personality disorder Etiology: Abraham suggested that the dependent character derives from either overindulgence or under indulgence during the oral phase of development (i.e., birth to age 2). Sub-sequent empirical data have given more support to the under indulgence hypothesis. ... Cultural and social factors may also play a role in the development of dependent personality disorder." (Textbook of Clinical Psychiatry, Hales, Yudofsky, 2003 AD, p 823)
11. "conduct disorder: Etiology: A wide variety of etiological factors have been described, reflecting the full range of explanatory models of behavioral causation and the importance of delinquency as a central societal concern. ... Sociological theories focus on the effects of social deprivation, substance abuse, local variations in behavioral norms, gang formation, status seeking, escape from social entrapment, early rejection by peers, and school failure. Researchers in the field of sociology use sophisticated mathematical modeling to determine the role of specific socialization experiences in the path that leads to delinquent behavior and drug use (Elliott et al. 1985). Parent, caregiver, and home microenvironment characteristics are believed to be particularly important in the presentation of conduct disorder. Proposed factors in the etiology of conduct disorder include fathers with antisocial personality disorder, absent or alcoholic fathers, large families, shifting caregivers, parental rejection, parental abandonment, parental role modeling of impulsive or injurious behaviors, inadequate limit setting, harsh discipline, inconsistent or unpredictable discipline, parental overstimulation or understimulation, parental manipulative behavior, separation from parents, institutional care, early onset of unsanctioned use of alcohol, proximity of a delinquent peer group, and chronic poverty." (Textbook of Clinical Psychiatry, Hales, Yudofsky, 2003 AD, p 857)
12. "conduct disorder: Etiology: Adequate supervision at home, especially when parents are away, has been shown to reduce the risk of conduct disorder. After-school activities, involvement of neighbors and relatives, community centers, and extended school hours can provide this type of supervision." (Textbook of Clinical Psychiatry, Hales, Yudofsky, 2003 AD, p 857)
13. "conduct disorder: Etiology: Family history studies show an overrepresentation of antisocial personality, substance abuse, addictive behaviors, mood disorders, ADHD, learning disorders, and schizophrenia (Lahey et al. 1999). The incidence of anti-social behavior and conduct disorder is increased in fathers and other male relatives of children with conduct disorder. Although these findings can be explained by familial or genetic transmission, it is apparent that both environmental and genetic factors influence the development of conduct disorder (Goldstein et al. 2001; Holmes et al. 2001; Jacobson et al. 2000)." (Textbook of Clinical Psychiatry, Hales, Yudofsky, 2003 AD, p 858)
14. "conduct disorder: Etiology: Family studies suggest some inheritable predisposing factors." (Textbook of Clinical Psychiatry, Hales, Yudofsky, 2003 AD, p 858)
Conclusion:
1. Any Christian diagnosed with Borderline Personality Disorder (BPD) should be utterly ashamed that their behaviour is so sinful that atheistic Darwinian psychiatrists have been called in to drug them into submission.
2. Borderline Personality Disorder (BPD) is not a disease but a collection of sinful behaviours specifically listed in the Bible.
3. The "cure" for spoiled, selfish, violent, entitled brats AKA "Borderline Personality Disorder" (BPD) is not drugs but repentance.
4. While some Christians have been known to almost boast that they have been diagnosed with Borderline Personality Disorder, there is no pride to be labeled by atheists as sinner.
By Steve Rudd: Contact the author for comments, input or corrections.
Send us your story about your experience with modern Psychiatry
Go To Start: WWW.BIBLE.CA
YEAR END FUND DRIVE EXTENDED!
The Warehouse is small organization with a big history. For 28 years we've supported young local musicians and their fans, providing an alcohol & drug free safe haven for area youth to create their own community. Warehouse is a true alcohol free venue: no attached room serving alcohol, no commingling of drinkers and kids. Operating a drug & alcohol free music venue has a lot of expenses, but together we can keep kids off the street and into the music. We can't serve the community without your support, so please join us with a donation. Give for the years you had at the Warehouse, for the future of local music, for one less teen impacted by addiction. Together we will continue to impact the youth of the Coulee Region!
(Contributions are tax-deductible. Check with your employer to see if your company has a matching funds program!)
ENTER SITE
By the time ARG Bull Creek, Ltd. (separate from MileStone Community Builders) won the bid for the state-owned, 75-acre plot of land at 45th and Bull Creek Road last year, homeowners in the area had already done their research. Armed with a survey of 700 residents, the Bull Creek Road Coalition approached the developer with its eye on negotiation.
It seemed like ARG co-owner Garrett Martin had intentions to negotiate as well. He told the Austin American-States­man at the time that he was looking forward to working with the community. But a series of meetings eventually devolved when ARG filed its Planned Unit Development application with the city.
The Grove at Shoal Creek as currently planned will include 1,015 residential units with retail and office space. The BCRC has offered an alternative vision with expanded parkland, fewer townhomes, and other tweaks, which BCRC President Sara Speights said did not go over well.
"We're not fighting it. We're not NIMBYs. That's not our deal," she said. "We accept that it's going to be developed. We really wanted to be a part of a process, so this has gotten a little awkward with [the developers] because they don't seem to ... well, they seem to get offended if we want anything different than the way they want it, which kind of surprises us. We had hoped to go into this with the idea that we could negotiate some on things. And that hasn't been their approach."
Families have used the property for years, with permission from TxDOT, as an unofficial parkland. A grove of heritage oaks (where the proposed PUD gets its name) lines the edge of the property where it meets Shoal Creek. One persistent concern of the BCRC is preserving the oaks and dedicating the area as an official park.
Martin told the Chronicle via email it is still examining BCRC's alternative plan, but noted "when the City of Austin chose to not purchase the property, it concluded that any plan with too much parkland would be economically infeasible." He described ARG's July 9 proposal "realistic and ready to fulfill ... our City's policy priorities."
Another concern was ensuring that a portion of units go to low-income and middle-income housing, which Speights, who's lived in the area for four decades, said has been a neighborhood desire for years. "These were little G.I. Bill houses," she said. "My house is 1,100 square feet. And most of us came from very modest backgrounds, so the idea of having affordable housing, and having middle-income housing, certainly makes sense to us."
ARG currently proposes setting aside 180 affordable housing units out of 1,015. Though it's a concession the neighbors appreciate, there's also a worry – which homeowners have expressed to Council and local media in droves – that the overall number of units is going to clog up an already tense traffic situation on 45th Street.
Jason Meeker, who previously led the fight against the Allandale Walmart, is now in charge of PR for ARG. He pointed the Chronicle to the Friends of the Grove, a Facebook group that claims to be "unaffiliated with the Grove," but that promotes the development. Though FotG is supposedly independent, Meeker is an active commenter on the page.
"They are just convinced that if we just listen up, we'll find their ideas are better than ours," said Speights. "And that just doesn't always turn out to be the case."
City Council kicked the issue down the road to October (see "Grove Matters," Aug. 14), while it goes to the Environmental Com­mis­sion Sept. 2, and the Zoning and Plat­ting Commission Sept. 15 – but meanwhile, discussions between the BCRC and ARG appear to be hitting a new turning point. In September, the two sides plan to sit down to the negotiating table once more. There the BCRC hopes to get the developer to agree to scale back on the density. They want assurances on the parkland, greenways to buffer existing single-family homes from the new apartment and retail buildings, and a full traffic-impact analysis.
The BCRC also takes issue with the 17-acre park ARG has described in its PUD application. Speights said about four acres of the proposed park is unusable because of an 8- to 10-foot drop into the bed of Shoal Creek. They also dispute ARG's claim that the sidewalk bordering the development can be counted toward park acreage. Further, a planned one-acre retention pond to capture runoff from Shoal Creek will also eat up a portion of the proposed park.
Martin called the quality of the proposed park "unprecedented" and claimed all 17 acres will be "highly used and enjoyed for generations to come."
"[Retention ponds] hold flood water, which you know, if it's done right, could help prevent some of the Downtown flooding that happens on Shoal Creek," Speights said. "And you get down to very little actual, so-called park. Where are the kids going to play?"
Even the most passionate of Migos fans would have to admit the Atlanta trio is sometimes a bit difficult to understand. They have a propensity for shouting both clearly defined words (“hey!”) and neologisms (“skkrrr!”). They've paved their own path and created a style that's all their own.
Good news for the listeners out there who are still scratching their heads, however: someone created a website with a visualizer that lays out every absurd Migos ad-lib from their recent album, Culture.
Check out the beauty at migosadlibs.com. Oh, and be sure to click the Fullscreen button—it's a totally different experience.
Rapper Declan Murphy and developer Alejandro Veloz are the creators of the project, according to Noisey.
There's even a Twitter account for Migos Ad Libs. And though it only has 51 followers, you can bet that number is about to blow up.
Between the Dab and “Bad and Boujee,” which Donald Glover called the “best song ever,” Migos have taken off in the past two years. This clever project will likely only heighten their meteoric rise.
MANAMA (Reuters) - Saudi Arabia wants Bahrain's government and opposition to resolve a political crisis that it fears could worsen because of the sectarian fallout of fighting in Syria and destabilise its Eastern Province, a diplomat and opposition politician said.
An anti-government protester (L) runs for cover after throwing a Molotov cocktail at an armoured personnel carrier (APC) belonging to riot police during clashes in the village of Sanabis, west of Manama March 21, 2012. REUTERS/Hamad I Mohammed
Bahrain has been in turmoil since the Arab Spring protest movement first erupted a year ago. Clashes have become a daily occurrence, usually in districts populated by majority Shi'ite Muslims who have dominated the protests.
“We heard that at end of January the Saudis were reaching out to Wefaq and wanted to hear how Wefaq - if Act 1 was last year - how they were going to play their role in Act 2,” a senior Western diplomat said.
The leading Shi'ite opposition party Wefaq was involved in backroom talks during a pro-democracy uprising last year on reforms offered by Crown Prince Salman, but the were cut short when Saudi troops rolled in and martial law was imposed.
The revolt was led by Shi'ite Muslim majority population on an island which is important to Washington as the base for the U.S. Navy's Fifth Fleet.
The Shi'ite majority has called for sweeping democratic reforms that would reduce the Sunni ruling family's monopoly on power and allow parliament real powers to legislate and form governments.
One year on clashes between riot police and youths in Shi'ite districts have escalated, with heavy use of petrol bombs against police who in turn use large amounts of tear gas. Activists say at least 32 have died since martial law ended, though police question the causes of death.
In January Wefaq members met with Royal Court Minister Khaled bin Ahmed for preliminary discussions on a formal dialogue on democratic reforms.
The diplomat said Wefaq, which faces radicalisation among many Shi'ite youth who oppose the monarchy, had met for a second time with the minister in recent weeks.
“There is stuff going on but it's getting more difficult than they imagined it would be. They are finding it difficult to get common ground,” he said, citing government fears that Wefaq would command a parliamentary majority.
“You can foresee a political solution here that would keep the Saudis very happy, but I think the red lines would be slightly tighter than last year,” he added.
Analysts say Riyadh sent troops last year because of alarm that Bahrain had not contained protests that had the potential to spill over into the Shi'ite Eastern Province region, where major Saudi oilfields are located.
An opposition politician, who did not wish to be named, said Saudi Arabia now feared that the conflict in Syria, in which Shi'ite Iran and its ally Hezbollah back Bashar al-Assad's rule, could sharpen Bahrain's sectarian divide - detracting attention from Syria and firing up Saudi Shi'ites.
“The Saudis are worried (the stalemate) could push the Shi'ites towards Iran... and at what could emerge as a consequence of Syria,” he said.
Loyalist Sunni groups in Bahrain, who look to the ruling Al Khalifa for protection, have held protests against Assad and accuse Shi'ites of sympathy for Assad.
Media in Iran and Hezbollah give positive coverage to Bahrain's Shi'ite opposition, and Iraqi Shi'ites often demonstrate in support of their Bahraini coreligionists.
Some Sunni leaders in Bahrain fear the fate of Iraq's Sunnis, sidelined after Shi'ites gained power through elections.
Unrest in the Saudi Eastern Province has flared again in recent months.
“The Saudis really don't need unrest in the Eastern Province right now,” said Michael Stephens, researcher at the Doha-based Royal United Services Institute. “The policy priority for Saudi Arabia has been Syria for last three months.”
I. Lashon Ha-Ra in Modern Society
To function properly, a modern society requires a relatively free flow of important information. However, Judaism prohibits repetition of damaging information, even if it is true, as Lashon Ha-Ra. How can a political candidate campaign for office if he is unable to say, for example, that his opponent is underqualified? How can a newspaper report on a candidate's misdeeds, relevant as they may be? While we intuitively see the importance of responsible negative speech in such circumstances, of voters' and constituents' “right to know,” we need to frame such an attitude within halakhic parameters.
Two avenues of Jewish law offer promise. The first is that of to'eles (benefit). Within certain other conditions, lashon ha-ra is permitted when there is a clear benefit to its recipients. While this category of permission requires further refinement before broad application, it seems like an important and relevant qualification to the laws of lashon ha-ra.
Another avenue is that of nisparsem ha-davar (already publicized). Once negative information has already been widely disseminated, there may be room to allow further publicization since, more or less, “everyone knows it.” Recent responsa and articles in Israel have advanced such a thesis (see Be-Mareh Ha-Bazak, vol. 6 no. 96 n. 1 – PDF; R. Shlomo Aviner, She'eilas Shlomo, vol. 3 no. 485; R. Azriel Ariel, “Lashon Ha-Ra Be-Ma'arekhes Tziburis Demokratis” in Tzohar, no. 5 – PDF). However, with a good deal of trepidation, I respectfully dissent from this view.
II. Already Publicized
The arguments are strong to permit repetition of damaging information that is already well known. R. Yisrael Meir Kagan, in his classic work on the laws of forbidden speech, Chafetz Chaim, repeatedly states this leniency explicitly:
In explaining the Talmudic statement that you may call someone a sinner if he violates a rabbinic prohibition (Shabbos 40a), the Chafetz Chaim (part 1, ch. 4 n. 7) asks how we can permit such a blatant violation of lashon ha-ra. He answers that this must refer to someone who violates the rabbinic prohibition publicly. Because such a violation is well known, the prohibition of lashon ha-ra does not apply at all to the information. Similarly, the Talmud (Pesachim 112b) tells how R. Yehudah Ha-Nassi referred to residents of one town as “scoffers.” How, the Chafetz Chaim (ibid., n. 41) asks, can such a negative declaration be permitted? He answers that since their behavior was well known, one is entirely permitted to discuss it. Similarly, in explaining the view of Tosafos, the Chafetz Chaim (ibid., ch. 2 n. 1 in parentheses) states that when one person publicly berates another, you are allowed to relay that information because lashon ha-ra does not apply to it. In explaining the view of Rabbenu Yonah, the Chafetz Chaim (ibid., ch. 3 n. 12) suggests that the case in which he permits repeating negative information is one in which the action was done publicly, so the information is already publicized. The Gemara (Gittin 31b) tells how either Rav Huna or Rav Chisda refused to rise when the Torah scholar Geniva passed, failing to show him respect. He explained to his colleague that Geniva caused fights among scholars and therefore was unworthy of such respect. The Chafetz Chaim (ibid., ch. 8 n. 16 in asterisk), troubled by the negative speech, explained that Geniva's trouble-making actions were widely known and therefore the criticism was permitted.
The conclusion jumps off the page that repeating widely know information does not fall under the prohibition of lashon ha-ra, yet the issue is not as simple as may seem.
III. In Front of Three
The Chafetz Chaim contains contradictory statements that complicate the matter:
The Chafetz Chaim (ibid., ch. 2 par. 3) discusses the leniency, according to the Rambam and some others, of repeating negative information that is stated in front of three people (be-apei telasa). The assumption is that the information is no longer private and will eventually become widely publicized. However, you may only repeat such information under specific conditions (detailed in subsequent paragraphs), including that you only mention it incidentally and you do not intend to spread the information. How can that be, if public information does not fall under the prohibition of lashon ha-ra? While we can easily distinguish between the cases, further statements reveal that the issue is more complicated. In paragraph 4 of the chapter, the Chafetz Chaim states that if the information you heard in front of three people becomes well-publicized, you may repeat the name of the person who told you. The wording implies that you may only set aside the condition against repeating the name of the person who told you the information but not the other conditions. Meaning, you may still only mention the information in passing and without intent to spread the information. However, well-publicized information still falls unders the guidelines of apei telasa. In discussing lashon ha-ra about a child, the Chafetz Chaim (ibid., ch. 8 par. 3) states that guidelines on well-publicized information can be found in ch. 2 par. 3, the section about apei telasa. It does not say that lashon ha-ra does not apply at all but, implicitly, that the above conditions must entail before the information can be repeated. When discussing the issue of a persistent rumor (yatza kol), the Chafetz Chaim (ibid., ch. 7 par. 4) does not say that the laws of lashon ha-ra do not apply. Rather, readers are directed to the above section of apei telasa and its attendant conditions. You may not state that someone violates Jewish law, including that he does not learn Torah (Chafetz Chaim, ibid., ch. 4 par. 2). Even though it is generally public information that a person does not learn Torah, you may still only repeat such information under the conditions of apei telasa (ibid., n. 6).
R. Binyamin Cohen, in his Chelkas Binyamin commentary to Chafetz Chaim (part 1, ch. 2 CB n. 10), compiles this list of contradictory rulings and leaves the matter unresolved. I'd like to suggest the following explanation that, I believe, accounts for every case listed above.
IV. Granting Permission
There are two interpersonal elements to lashon ha-ra: damaging the person about whom it is told (i.e. causing negative consequences) and insulting him. Why is information told to three people treated differently than totally private information? The commentators explain that since the information will quickly become public knowledge, your telling it does not harm the individual. The damage has already been set in motion.
Then why can't you freely repeat the information? Because, I suggest, you are still insulting him. Even if everyone in the world knows about a politician's marital problems, he will still be hurt when people discuss it. As the Gemara (Bava Metzi'a 58b) says and Rashi explains, you are forbidden to call someone an insulting nickname even if everyone does it and he is used to it (dash beih); frequency does not remove pain but dulls it through surrender. Therefore, you are only allowed to repeat lashon ha-ra that was told to three people under specific circumstances in which you do not intend to hurt the subject. However, if a person indicates that he does not object to the insult, if he forgives and permits it, then others may freely discuss the information. The information no longer falls under the prohibition of lashon ha-ra in any way.
I suggest that the leniency of publicized information (nisparsem ha-davar) only applies to an act committed in front of others. By sinning in public, the actor is declaring that he does not care whether other people know of his infractions. He does not consider discussion of his actions insulting. He gives permission, thereby removing the prohibition of lashon ha-ra. However, when information about a private act is publicized, the prohibition still applies, albeit under the category of apei telasa.
As we review the first list above, we see that all the cases where the prohibition no longer applies (arguably) involve public actions: a public sinner, a city that is publicly full of scoffers, someone who publicly berates others and a scholar who causes fights among and in front of his colleagues. The second list involves acts in general, presumably only private in contrast to those in the prior list (refraining from studying Torah is not an act committed in public).
V. Differences
If all this is correct, then the leniency of publicized information cannot always be used in the public arena. A candidate campaigning for election may freely discuss his opponent's public actions but may not mention those committed in private, even if widely reported in the media.
Additionally, according to the initial understanding off this subject, you may repeat any information that is well known. Therefore, once the information has left the public arena and has been generally forgotten, you may no longer repeat it. My proposed understanding is that the subject has given permission to others to reveal the information. Presumably, this permission has no time limit.
We began by discussing two avenues of leniency that allow for public discussion within the parameters of the lashon ha-ra laws. The permission of publicized information is more limited than we had initially thought, even if it provides some public leeway. The leniency of public benefit offers another area with rich potential for contemporary application.
(See this post where we explored the issue of public benefit regarding lashon ha-ra in history: link)
Vigilant, an alliance of some 600 volunteers, has been scouring internet traffic for 14 years and passing information to the US federal authorities, said its director, Chet Uber.
Speaking at DefCon, a computer hacking convention in Las Vegas, Mr Uber said the group monitored 12 regional internet service providers for terrorists, drug cartels and organised crime.
He said the Florida-based group had encouraged one of its members, Adrian Lamo, to inform the authorities about Bradley Manning , the former intelligence analyst who allegedly provided the Wikileaks site with classified military information.
Mr Lamo, a researcher, had struck up an online friendship with Mr Manning and later identified him as the source of a Wikileaks video showing the US military killing Iraqi civilians.
Mr Uber said Mr Lamo had been reluctant to expose his friend so the Vigilant chief arranged for him to meet federal agencies.
"I'm the one who called the US government. [Adrian] did a patriotic thing. He sees all kinds of hacks and he was seriously worried about people dying," he told Forbes.
Despite its unofficial status, experts say Vigilant is no amateur crime-fighting outfit.
Its members reportedly include the ex-security chief for the New York Stock Exchange and former technology officials at the National Security Agency and the FBI.
"We do things the government can't. This was never supposed to have been a public thing," said Mr Uber, who was at DefCon to recruit more hackers.
Vigilant also claims to have "collection officers" in 22 countries that gather intelligence or coordinate networks in person.
"We go into bars, look for lists of bad actors, get tips from people." said Mr Uber.
"But a significant amount of our intelligence comes from our monitoring the internet. We are looking at everything on websites, and websites are public."
Ramadan is a special month in the Muslim calender, when the holy Quran was revealed. Devout Muslims spend the month fasting from dawn to dusk, and at the time of sunset, they partake in an evening meal called Iftar to break the fast. In India, this month is looked forward to by Muslims and non-Muslims alike, for the incredible array of mouth-watering food on display during Iftar. Here Nabila Tazyeen takes us to the streets of old Bangalore to feast our eyes and taste buds!
It's hard to believe that it's been a year since I went feasting along Mosque Road during Ramadan (or Ramzan). This year, I decided to go deeper into the city, to an area most frequented by Muslims: Shivajinagar.
If you ever decide to let go of bigger brands and labels and hunt for bargains, then OPH Road and thereabouts is the place to be. Located behind Russell Market, it's thriving with shops selling affordable brocades, footwear, ready-mades, utensils, and of course, local flavours of food. During the month of Ramzan, the place really comes to life with people putting their best wares on display.
I went one evening with the intention of opening my fast in Shivajinagar, and the minute I entered the area, I was hit by the sounds of sizzling griddles and honking vehicles superimposed over the continuous buzz of shuffling, conversing people. The energy of the crowds brought a smile that never left my face till I moved out of the area. One can't help it – the sense of camaraderie despite the swarms of humans is quite infectious. I was struck by the many people out shopping at a time when they usually stay at home and wait for Iftaar time (the time to open fast). But then I realized that the looming Taj Hotel (fondly referred to as Shivajinagar Taj, and not even a distant cousin of the five-star chain of hotels) and the many food stalls would take care of their hunger pangs.
I started with a tour of the area, sounding out stalls with the most potential for varied eats and sweet meats. Fairly sceptical about being told to buzz off none too politely when I got the camera out, I was quite surprised when people were more than welcoming. “Aao aao ma! Eyy, hatt baa! Ino photu lerin! Konsa newspaper medam? Eyy newspaper mein photo aata re!” (“Come, come! Move out of the way, she's taking photos! Which newspaper madam? Our picture will come in the newspaper!”), followed by instructions on which angles I should explore to get the best shot. Their eagerness touched me; I had to keep telling them that I wasn't from any newspaper, but was taking pictures for the Internet. Everywhere I turned, there were people beckoning, asking me to take their photographs.
The sky was pretty cloudy and it looked like it was going to rain. It did soon enough, sending shop owners scrambling for tarpaulins and rexines to cover their stores before covering themselves. It took all of a minute for them to figure out shelters. People immediately resumed shopping in the rain, now even more in a hurry because Iftar was just minutes away.
As if disappointed by how little the drizzle had affected everyone, the sky unleashed a torrent.
People ran for cover. I ran too, shielding my camera as best I could. So many of us were stranded in pockets around OPH Road, wondering what we would do when the siren for Iftar went off. Almost on cue, the wail of the siren filled every nook and corner of Shivajinagar. Shoppers, shop owners, beggars, policemen, Muslims, non-Muslims – everyone dug into their purses, plastic bags or carts simultaneously to open fasts with dates, water, or morsels of food.
I panicked. I wasn't carrying anything to eat and would be drenched to the bone if I tried to get to one of the stalls. I couldn't take that chance while carrying my camera. I looked around in desperation, spotted a cart selling dates and quickly asked them for one to open my fast. He was confused at first – nothing about my attire indicated that I was a Muslim, leave alone a Muslim who was fasting. Comprehension dawned soon enough and he reached out his hand, offering a bunch of dates instead of just one, saying, “Ye lo, jaldi jaldi!” (“Here, take this quick!”) Grateful, I said my prayers and a bit into a delectably sweet and juicy date.
The scene was surreal. People stuck together in the rain, sharing food, partaking in the ritual of Iftar as one. Religion wasn't what was uniting all of us; it was food.
As I looked around at all the people busy eating and sharing whatever they had, I thought to myself, God must be looking down at all of us, smiling and nodding his head thinking, these are the moments I exist for.
Getting there: Don't make the mistake of taking your own vehicle, unless you're feeling masochistic. Take an auto and ask him to go to OPH Road. If that doesn't work, try Russell Market.
Go if: You love local food, are a meat eater (though even vegetarians don't go hungry), feel like you want to be surrounded by tons of energy coming from tons of people, want to experience Iftaar in the midst of the Muslim community.
Like this story? Or have something to share? Write to us: contact@thebetterindia.com, or connect with us on Facebook and Twitter (@thebetterindia).
You wake up at 7am on a wonderful morning in early 2000. Dreamy as you are, you grab your phone to check the news and your email. Well, the news is that no one has texted you while you were sleeping and that your phone doesn't connect to the internet. Because, well, you don't have a smartphone. Just like everyone else doesn't. Actually, a bestselling mobile phone launched in 2000 looked like this. You could still play a round of Snake, though.
After a refreshing shower — pretty much like you remember it from 2013 — you make yourself comfortable at the breakfast table. You're an early adopter, so you have your laptop right there with you to check the news. While you wait for the computer to start up, you have time to brew some coffee.
Time to check Twitter for the latest…ah well, no Twitter yet. So let's see what your friends are up to over on Face…doesn't exist either. Not even MySpace. Heck, not even Friendster.
The upside is this: You're in for distraction-free news reading. You head over to Newsunlimited.com, the online version of The Guardian, then to The New York Times On The Web. You glance at the newspaper across the table, knowing it provides the better news fix.
Before packing your bag for work, you decide to check some email (unlike most of your friends, you – the early-adopter you are – do that before going to the office). Also, you must not forget to email yourself that presentation you prepared at home (it's titled: «Invent Dropbox before someone else does»).
Despite controlling possession for most of the match it took late goals from Karim Benzema and Cristiano Ronaldo for Real Madrid get their heads out in front of a stubborn Celta Vigo side.
Celta Vigo nearly opened the scoring in the 6th minute after a giveaway in the midfield let Charles break free against Diego López. The Madrid goalkeeper made a magnificent save to push the ball wide into the side netting, forcing a corner which Celta wasted.
For the remainder of the first half and over 20 minutes of the second half Real Madrid were denied and frustrated by Celta. Finally in the 67th minute Real Madrid's fairly consistent pressure paid off with the opening goal.
Jesé Rodriguez, dribbling on the left side of the Celta Vigo box, decided not to shoot and instead threaded a pass to the foot of Karim Benzema who was surrounded by three defenders. The striker managed to get a boot on the ball, sending it past Yoel and inside the far post to give Madrid a 1-0 lead.
Madrid put the match away in the 83rd minute when Dani Carvajal's rolling cross from the right wing eluded Yoel and found Ronaldo for a sliding finish near the far post. The goal moved Ronaldo to fourth on Madrid's all-time La Liga goal scoring list.
Ronaldo added a second in stoppage time, finishing off a pass from Gareth Bale to take over the top spot on the league scoring list at 20.
Real Madrid: López, Carvajal, Pepe, Ramos, Marcelo, Alonso (Illarramendi 45'), Modrić, Isco (Jesé 62'), Di María (Bale 65'), Ronaldo, Benzema
Goals: Benzema (67'), Ronaldo (83', 93')
Celta Vigo: Yoel; Mallo, Cabral, D.Costas, Jonny, Augusto (Nolito 69'), Oubiña, Álex López (Krohn-Dehli 60') Rafinha, Charles (Santi Mina 77'), Orellana
Goals: None
Endurance is now in Beta! What does this mean? It means the game should be playable, at least for the first 3 levels, and that all the critical systems are in place.
Posted by VirtualHat on Aug 31st, 2015
Endurance Open Beta
Endurance is now in Beta! What does this mean? It means the game should be playable, at least for the first 3 levels, and that all the critical systems are in place.
Since Alpha 4 I have added:
New skills system.
New loot system.
New ceiling and doors.
New monsters and items (we have about 100 of each now.)
It means a lot to me to have gotten this far. I'm just one guy working on this during my holidays, so it's been a real test of endurance (excuse the pun).
First Some Screenshots
These Guys Live Somewhere on the 2nd Dungeon Level
Prison From the 1st Level
How Can I join the Beta?
Easy, just download or play in your browser.
Looking for the OSX or Linux releases? They will be coming soon.
When will the full game be released?
Early 2016
This game is hard!
Game balance is something I'm spending a lot of time on. Endurance was always meant to be hard, but right now I don't think I've quite got it right.
I'm sold, how can I help?
Best way to help is to follow me on the various media sites, play the game, send feedback, and of cause, buy the game when it comes out :)
Twitter | Youtube | Itch.io
What features are you expecting to add in the future?
New Spell System - The spell system is really quite bad at the moment, the new system will improve the UI and start from scratch on some of the mechanics.
The spell system is really quite bad at the moment, the new system will improve the UI and start from scratch on some of the mechanics. New Sound Effects - Do the sound effects drive you crazy? You're not alone, and it's being worked on :)
Do the sound effects drive you crazy? You're not alone, and it's being worked on :) Cloud Saves - Your progress will be backed up to the cloud. This will also allow moving saves from one platform to another. (From the browser version to the PC version for example.)
Your progress will be backed up to the cloud. This will also allow moving saves from one platform to another. (From the browser version to the PC version for example.) Resistances - Monsters and players will have resistances.
- Monsters and players will have resistances. Guild Ranks - Gaining ranks in guilds will give special perks.
Gaining ranks in guilds will give special perks. Town Bank - A place to trade money and store items.
A place to trade money and store items. Town Tavern - A place to adjust your party and talk to NPCs.
- A place to adjust your party and talk to NPCs. Traps - Pits, chutes, teleporters. They were all in the game but where removed because I didn't get a chance to finish the graphics for them. They'll be coming back in a post beta patch.
- Pits, chutes, teleporters. They were all in the game but where removed because I didn't get a chance to finish the graphics for them. They'll be coming back in a post beta patch. Languages - Characters have languages they can speak which effects which books and scrolls they can use.
- Characters have languages they can speak which effects which books and scrolls they can use. Dungeon Details - I'll be adding many fine details to the dungeon to make it look move lived in.
- I'll be adding many fine details to the dungeon to make it look move lived in. A Help Manual - Who will read it? Maybe nobody? But the game will have one anyway.
- Who will read it? Maybe nobody? But the game will have one anyway. GUI Scaling - Playing at 1080p or 1440p? The GUI will scale up when playing at higher resolutions. It'll be adjustable though.
And in the Much Distant Future (Post 1.0)
Level Editor - Make, play, and share your own levels
- Make, play, and share your own levels Modding Support - Make your own monsters, spells etc. Even adjust the combat mechanics.
Make your own monsters, spells etc. Even adjust the combat mechanics. Companions - Charm dungeon monsters and have them join your party.
Charm dungeon monsters and have them join your party. Guild Quests - Pass certain tests to progress through the ranks of each guild.
Pass certain tests to progress through the ranks of each guild. Procedural Dungeons - Randomly generated smaller dungeons that will be used, among other things, for guild quests.
- Randomly generated smaller dungeons that will be used, among other things, for guild quests. iOS and Android - The game actually already runs on iOS, but there are performance issues and some user interface tweaking that's required.
- The game actually already runs on iOS, but there are performance issues and some user interface tweaking that's required. Enchanting - Upgrade your equipment with enchanting.
- Upgrade your equipment with enchanting. Achievements - Who doesn't like achievements?
Who doesn't like achievements? On Screen Help - On screen tutorials explaining various aspects of the game. (With a button to turn them off.)
On screen tutorials explaining various aspects of the game. (With a button to turn them off.) Crafting? - Not sure about this? Find materials or melt down items to craft your own.
Have your own suggestions? Let me know.
Happy adventuring :)
-VirtualHat.
The Mets are in first place, and their loyal fans — invigorated by a scintillating summer pennant race — are all over the place.
Waking up after a long slumber through below-.500 August dog days (or coming out of the woodwork to hitch a ride on the bandwagon), Mets fans have made their boisterous presence felt and heard over the past two weeks with stops in Baltimore, Philadelphia — and even Denver. Herded by the fan group known as “The 7 Line Army,” even the manager is noticing the difference.
“Our fans are incredible,” Terry Collins said Aug. 18 in Baltimore. “The 7 Line was here tonight, they're unbelievable when they show. You've got to like it. If you're a player, gosh almighty, how can you feel tired or fatigued when you have that atmosphere going? So it's really cool.”
Wednesday night's game in Philadelphia will be the third of a four-game set against the rival Phillies, who are in last place in the NL East and are 25th in average attendance with 25,010. That left plenty of room in the stands for an Amtrak-carried influx of blue-and-orange, and they were given something to cheer about as their Mets won 16-7 and 6-5.
After a home run from David Wright and a double by Michael Cuddyer in the second inning on Monday, Phillies radio announcer Larry Andersen said, “I'll take the Nationals fans over the Mets fans.” When asked why, Andersen answered: “They're just obnoxious.”
It was also noticed the previous weekend in Denver, where the 7 Line helped to buy up two sections of the outfield at Coors Field and make a ruckus, chanting “Let's Go Mets!” even before the first pitch was thrown.
“Well, New Yorkers are louder than everybody else,” said Rockies manager Walt Weiss, who is from Tuxedo, NY. “So 100 New Yorkers are the equivalent to about 10,000 Mets fans. And that's coming from a New Yorker.”
The Mets return home Friday to open a six-game homestand against the Red Sox and Phillies, before embarking on a 10-game road trip through Miami (hello, South Florida transplants!), Washington and Atlanta.
The big test of the Mets' traveling fan contingent will come during that Sept. 7-9 series in a playoff-like atmosphere against the Nationals in the capital.
It's very easy to find breadboard compatible boards in the market with products based on Espressif chips such as NodeMCU or ESP32 boards, as well as OpenWrt boards like Onion Omega2, or LinktIt 7688. However, it's much more difficult to find powerful quad core boards in this form factor, but that's exactly what FriendlyELEC has done with their NanoPi Duo board featuring an Allwinner H2+ quad core processor in a form factor slightly smaller than a Raspberry Pi Zero.
NanoPi Duo specifications:
SoC – Allwinner H2+ quad core Cortex A7 processor @ 1.2 GHz with Mali-400MP2 GPU @ 600 MHz
System Memory – 256 or 512 MB DDR3-1866 SDRAM
Storage – micro SD card slot, footprint for SPI flash
Connectivity – 802.11 b/g/n WiFi (Allwinner XR819 module) with chip antenna, and u.FL/IPEX connector for external antenna
USB – 1x micro USB OTG port
Expansion headers – 2x 16-pin breadboard compatible headers with 2x USB host ports, GPIO, UART, SPI, I2C, MIC, Line Out, CVBS (composite video), Ethernet, 5V, 3.3V, and GND
Misc – 1x key
Power Supply – 5V via micro USB port
Dimensions – 50 x 25.4 mm
Weight – 7.76 grams with headers
Temperature Range – -40°C to +80°C
An optional heatsink covering most of the board has also being designed in order to deliver optimal performance under load.
The company provides an image based on U-boot, Linux 4.11.2, and Ubuntu 16.04.2 Xenial for the board, which you can find in the Wiki, together with the rest of the software and hardware documentation including schematics (PDF) and mechanical design files.
In order to experiment the I/Os on the board, FriendleELEC also provides what they call “NanoPi Duo mini Shield” exposing the following interfaces:
Storage – Half-size mSATA slot via JMS567 USB to SATA controller
Connectivity – 1x 10/100M Ethernet port
USB – 4x USB host port
Audio – Built-in microphone, and 3.5mm audio jack
Debugging – 4-pin connector for serial console
Expansion – 2x 9-pin GPIO header with I2C, SPI, UART, and GPIO; 6-pin SPI header
Misc – SSD and Power LEDs
Power Supply – 5V via micro USB port
Dimensions – 85 x 56 mm (Compatible with Raspberry Pi 3 cases)
Documentation for the mini shield is located in a separate wiki page.
NanoPi Duo sells for $7.99 with 256MB RAM, $11.99 with 512MB, plus shipping. You may consider adding the $2.99 option for the heatsink, and while you can also add the mini shield for $9.98, the “NanoPi Duo Starter Kit” may be a better option as it goes for $17.98 with all accessories you may need for a complete system.
Thanks to theguyuk for the tip.
A growing mass of poorly secured devices on the Internet of things represents a serious risk to life and property, and the government must intervene to mitigate it. That's essentially the message that prominent computer security experts recently delivered to Congress.
The huge denial-of-service attack in October that crippled the Internet infrastructure provider Dyn and knocked out much of the Web for users in the eastern United States was “benign,” Bruce Schneier, a renowned security scholar and lecturer on public policy at Harvard, said during a hearing last month held by the House Energy and Commerce Committee. No one died. But he said the attack—which relied on a botnet made of hacked webcams, camcorders, baby monitors, and other devices—illustrated the “catastrophic risks” posed by the proliferation of insecure things on the Internet.
For example, Schneier and other experts testified that the same poor security exists in computers making their way into hospitals, including those used to manage elevators and ventilation systems. It's not hard to imagine a fatal disaster, which makes it imperative that the government step in to fix this “market failure,” he said.
The problems with IoT devices are worsening because manufacturers lack incentives to prioritize security. Even if consumers wanted to assess the relative security of Internet-connected thermostats and other devices, there are no established ratings or other measures.
There is little disagreement that the government should do something about this, since so many critical systems are vulnerable to attacks like the one that hit Dyn. Exactly how the government should handle the situation, however, is a subject of an intensifying debate in Washington—one that won't be settled before President-elect Donald Trump takes office. Business groups such as the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the Consumer Technology Association argue that new regulations on IoT devices could hinder innovation.
Schneier argues that we need a new agency in charge of cybersecurity rules. This seems unlikely, given that Trump campaigned on a broad promise to roll back regulations, and Republicans generally oppose expanding the government. But if something catastrophic were to happen, a frightened public would probably ask that something be done, and the government should be prepared for that, he warned the committee members.
How big is the risk? Massive and growing, says Kevin Fu, a University of Michigan professor of computer science and engineering who specializes in cybersecurity. Not only are IoT devices being added in “sensitive places that have high consequence, like hospitals,” Fu said, but millions of them can be easily hacked and gathered into huge botnets, armies of zombie computers that adversaries can use to debilitate targeted institutions.
Fu, who also testified in the House hearing, believes that without a “significant change in cyber hygiene” the Internet can't be relied on to support critical systems. He recommends that the government develop an independent entity in charge of testing the security of IoT devices. The process should include premarket testing along the lines of the automotive crash testing done by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, post-attack testing similar to what the National Transportation Safety Board does after car crashes, and “survivability and destruction testing” to assess how well devices cope with attacks, says Fu.
We don't know yet whether the Trump administration or the next Congress will make addressing IoT-related risks a priority. So what can the government do in the meantime? Last month, the Department of Homeland Security released a set of “strategic principles for securing the Internet of Things,” and suggested that the government could sue manufacturers for failing to “build security in during design.” On the same day, the National Institute of Standards and Technology, which publishes industry standards for many areas of technology, issued voluntary guidelines for engineering “more defensible and survivable” connected systems.
Meanwhile, every additional connected computer—whether it is in a car, drone, medical device, or any one of countless other gadgets and systems—is exposed to these risks. That's why centralized regulatory authority is needed, according to Schneier: “We can't have different rules if the computer has wheels, or propellers, or makes phone calls, or is in your body.”
You might have seen divisibility rules of various numbers. But most of them very conveniently skip the ones which are very difficult and a divisibility rule for which is very much required. This post includes the divisibility rule for some such numbers like 7, 13, 17, 19, 23, 29, 31, 37, 41, 43 and 47.
While reading this you have to be little patient. Read this carefully and try to apply it practically. If you master divisibility rules or tests explained below, I am sure these will come very handy in various examinations including competitive ones.
Divisibility Rules with Examples
Number Method Example 7 Subtract 2 times the last digit from remaining truncated number. Repeat the step as necessary. If the result is divisible by 7, the original number is also divisible by 7 Check for 945: : 94-(2*5)=84. Since 84 is divisible by 7, the original no. 945 is also divisible 13 Add 4 times the last digit to the remaining truncated number. Repeat the step as necessary. If the result is divisible by 13, the original number is also divisible by 13 Check for 3146:: 314+ (4*6) = 338:: 33+(4*8) = 65. Since 65 is divisible by 13, the original no. 3146 is also divisible 17 Subtract 5 times the last digit from remaining truncated number. Repeat the step as necessary. If the result is divisible by 17, the original number is also divisible by 17 Check for 2278:: 227-(5*8)=187. Since 187 is divisible by 17, the original number 2278 is also divisible. 19 Add 2 times the last digit to the remaining truncated number. Repeat the step as necessary. If the result is divisible by 19, the original number is also divisible by 19 Check for 11343:: 1134+(2*3)= 1140. (Ignore the 0):: 11+(2*4) = 19. Since 19 is divisible by 19, original no. 11343 is also divisible 23 Add 7 times the last digit to the remaining truncated number. Repeat the step as necessary. If the result is divisible by 23, the original number is also divisible by 23 Check for 53935:: 5393+(7*5) = 5428 :: 542+(7*8)= 598:: 59+ (7*8)=115, which is 5 times 23. Hence 53935 is divisible by 23 29 Add 3 times the last digit to the remaining truncated number. Repeat the step as necessary. If the result is divisible by 29, the original number is also divisible by 29 Check for 12528:: 1252+(3*8)= 1276 :: 127+(3*6)= 145:: 14+ (3*5)=29, which is divisible by 29. So 12528 is divisible by 29 31 Subtract 3 times the last digit from remaining truncated number. Repeat the step as necessary. If the result is divisible by 31, the original number is also divisible by 31 Check for 49507:: 4950-(3*7)=4929 :: 492-(3*9) :: 465:: 46-(3*5)=31. Hence 49507 is divisible by 31 37 Subtract 11 times the last digit from remaining truncated number. Repeat the step as necessary. If the result is divisible by 37, the original number is also divisible by 37 Check for 11026:: 1102 – (11*6) =1036. Since 103 – (11*6) =37 is divisible by 37. Hence 11026 is divisible by 37 41 Subtract 4 times the last digit from remaining truncated number. Repeat the step as necessary. If the result is divisible by 41, the original number is also divisible by 41 Check for 14145:: 1414 – (4*5) =1394. Since 139 – (4*4) =123 is divisible by 41. Hence 14145 is divisible by 41 43 Add 13 times the last digit to the remaining truncated number. Repeat the step as necessary. If the result is divisible by 43, the original number is also divisible by 43.*This process becomes difficult for most of the people because of multiplication with 13. Check for 11739:: 1173+(13*9)= 1290:: 129 is divisible by 43. 0 is ignored. So 11739 is divisible by 43 47 Subtract 14 times the last digit from remaining truncated number. Repeat the step as necessary. If the result is divisible by 47, the original number is also divisible by 47. This too is difficult to operate for people who are not comfortable with table of 14. Check for 45026:: 4502 – (14*6) =4418. Since 441 – (14*8) =329, which is 7 times 47. Hence 45026 is divisible by 47
Notes:
In applying the above methods, stop repeating the step of adding or subtracting (as the case may be) from the remaining truncated number as soon as you realize that the truncated number is divisible by the given number.
While carrying the above process if during addition/subtraction any time the last digit is 0, that has to be ignored.
Also check out the divisibility rule of some other numbers.
Please follow and like us:
To understand why religious freedom matters, put yourself in the position of someone who is part of a minority faith tradition in a town or nation that overwhelmingly adheres to a different creed. Then judge public practices by how they would affect the hypothetical you.
This act of empathy helps explain why religious liberty in the United States is such a gift. It is based, as Supreme Court Justice Elena Kagan wrote in her dissent to Monday's decision on public prayer, on “the breathtakingly generous constitutional idea that our public institutions belong no less to the Buddhist or Hindu than to the Methodist or Episcopalian.”
Religious liberty will not disappear because of the court's 5-to-4 ruling that the government of Greece, N.Y., can begin its town board meetings with prayers — even though, as Kagan put it, “month in and month out for over a decade,” they were “steeped in only one faith,” Christianity.
But the court majority not only failed the empathy test but also lost the opportunity Kagan offered to find a balance that would both honor religion's role in American public life and safeguard the rights of those whose faith commitments diverge from the majority's.
The facts of the case are straightforward. As Justice Stephen Breyer noted in his own dissent, from 1999 to 2010, at more than 120 of Greece's town board monthly meetings, only four opening prayers were delivered by non-Christians. The four exceptions, Breyer pointed out, all “occurred in 2008, shortly after the plaintiffs [in the case] began complaining about the town's Christian prayer practice.”
The court ruled that the government of Greece had not violated anyone's rights. “Ceremonial prayer,” Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote for the majority, “is but a recognition that, since this nation was founded and until the present day, many Americans deem that their own existence must be understood by precepts far beyond the authority of government to alter or define and that willing participation in civic affairs can be consistent with a brief acknowledgment of their belief in a higher power, always with due respect for those who adhere to other beliefs.”
The town was justified, Kennedy argued, in drawing on clergy from houses of worship within its boundaries, which happened to be Christian. Greece's non-Christians worship at congregations outside its borders.
For Kagan, this was an inadequate rationale, and she asked the essential questions: Would Christians live in a predominantly Jewish town feel their rights were protected if all public functions were presided over by a rabbi leading Jewish prayers? “Or assume officials in a mostly Muslim town,” she suggested, “requested a muezzin to commence such functions, over and over again, with a recitation” of a traditional Muslim blessing.
Nonbelievers (and others uneasy with any link between religion and government) might fairly contend that putting an end to all such public religious invocations is the simplest solution to these difficulties. But Kagan was seeking a middle way. She thus rejected “a bright separationist line.” A town hall, she said, “need not become a religion-free zone.” Instead, “pluralism and inclusion . . . can satisfy the constitutional requirement of neutrality.”
And in insisting on the importance of bringing in minority religious voices, you might say that Kagan took faith more seriously than did Kennedy. Religious expressions can never be merely ceremonial, she wrote, because they are “statements of profound belief and deep meaning.” Yes, they are.
In the years since the court's 1962 decision banning government-directed prayer in public schools, we have engaged in a fierce culture war over the role of religion in our public institutions. The school prayer decision has properly stood because it sought to protect against a form of government coercion. But friends of religion have charged that driving all vestiges of faith from every other corner of the public square was itself exclusionary behavior.
Kagan's pluralism principle would avoid this by allowing citizens of all faiths to be heard, and ways could be found to apply it to nonbelievers. It lays the groundwork for a compromise that will be imperative as immigration and declining affiliation render our country more religiously diverse. Religion would continue to have a place in our public institutions, but they would have the obligation to respect differences over “profound belief and deep meaning.”
In contrast to a legal regime insufficiently alive to the rights of minorities and dissenters, Kagan's approach would provide religion with a public role at once more stable and more sustainable. Its day will come.
Read more from E.J. Dionne's archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.
Getty Images
The second season of Amazon's All or Nothing includes the inherently compelling aftermath of the firing of a head coach, but it doesn't go far enough.
Yes, the video and audio from Rams coach Jeff Fisher's last meeting with his staff and from his last meeting with his players is fascinating, and the aftermath in the meeting room after Fisher left is arguably even better. But the best stuff was left on the cutting room floor, if it was even captured.
The show includes nothing about the deliberations among upper management regarding the decision to fire Fisher, or about the procedure that resulted in the termination. With cameras and microphones everywhere, All or Nothing ended up giving the audience nothing regarding the decision-making process.
Making that omission more glaring is the fact that the episode after Fisher's firing includes a whispered heart-to-heart between interim coach John Fassel and executive V.P. of football operations Kevin Demoff regarding Fassel's appointment to run the team in Fisher's absence. During the meeting, Demoff mentions that he has talked to owner Stan Kroenke about their shared faith in Fassel.
That's fine. So why isn't the meeting between Kroenke and Demoff included in the show?
More importantly, why isn't the termination meeting between Kroenke and/or Demoff and Fisher in the show? Over the years, countless players have learned their fate during Hard Knocks while on camera, from Chad Johnson being cut by the Dolphins after an arrest to Vontae Davis being so stunned by the news of a trade that he asked to call his grandmother to every other form and fashion of involuntary separation of NFL players from NFL teams.
If it's fair game for players, it should be fair game for coaches. And it's unfair that the NFL, through its in-house production company, is willing to broadcast sensitive moments involving players but unwilling to do the same involving coaches and General Managers.
Speaking of General Managers, Rams G.M. Les Snead is conspicuously absent throughout the process of Fisher's firing, with Snead's face never shown, his voice never heard, his name never mentioned.
Was Snead consulted? Did he approve? Did he object? Did they consider firing him, too?
So while we got a lot more of the story than we ever do when a head coach is fired, All or Nothing falls short of the same kind of “all” that we get every August, when players are cut with NFL Films taping and, eventually, an HBO audience watching.
The caption appearing in the print edition of Brunei's Media Permata daily. (Photo: Tentera Troll Kebangsaan Malaysia Facebook page)
When it comes to names, it's best not to take things too literally – as seen in the case of Singapore's Olympic darling Joseph Schooling who had his surname unintentionally translated into Malay by a Brunei newspaper.
In a photo appearing in the print edition of the Media Permata daily, Schooling's name appears as Joseph Persekolahan, which literally means “schooling” in Malay.
A picture of the caption was circulated by the Tentera Troll Kebangsaan Malaysia Facebook page on Saturday (20 August), with many having a laugh over the blunder.
While the online version of the story gets Schooling's name right, what goes in print, unfortunately stays in print.
Copyright by WPRI - All rights reserved Dan McGowan | WPRI.com
Copyright by WPRI - All rights reserved Dan McGowan | WPRI.com
Dan McGowan, WPRI.com Reporter | dmcgowan@wpri.com - PROVIDENCE, R.I. (WPRI) - Providence should consider implementing new taxes, selling assets and closing fire stations as part of its effort to reduce a projected structural deficit that could balloon to $37 million over the next decade, according to a study released Monday by the Elorza administration.
The study, conducted by the federal National Resources Network (NRN), offers dozens of possible solutions for solving the city's budgetary challenges, but administration officials have been mum on which options they'll choose. The mayor is expected to unveil his proposed budget for the fiscal year that begins July 1 Wednesday night.
Here's an overview of the recommendations from NRN. (Read the full report here.)
If this sounds familiar, it's because it is one of the first options mentioned whenever anyone discusses ways Providence could come up with an immediate infusion of cash. The NRN study recommends a one-time asset transfer worth at least $372 million – the value of the water supply's assets in 2015 – or smaller annualized payments over time that could come as a result of a sale or lease. The study also recommends that the bulk of the proceeds from a sale should be deposited into the city's pension fund. There will be challenges, however. During a trial involving a group of retirees and the city last week, former Mayor Angel Taveras testified that he didn't believe the city could benefit from the sale of the water system because the proceeds would need to be returned to ratepayers (approximately 60% of the state's population uses Providence Water). That means the city would likely need approval from the General Assembly to secure the proceeds from any sale.
As it stands now, more than 40% of the city's land parcels are owned by tax-exempt institutions – which largely means Providence's nonprofit colleges and hospitals – but the Elorza administration only expects to receive about $9 million in payments in lieu of taxes (PILOTs) from those institutions in the current fiscal year. On the college side alone, if the 264 tax-exempt properties owned by Brown University, Johnson & Wales, Providence College and the Rhode Island School of Design were fully taxable, the city would receive about $68.7 million a year, according to the study. NRN recommends the city "work more closely with anchor institutions to identify targeted investments" for more PILOT revenue rather than simply asking for money to plug budget holes.
This would take approval from the General Assembly, but NRN recommends the city should consider a parking tax that would help fund capital improvements as well as a tax on tickets for entertainment events to help pay for city services and infrastructure. For the parking tax, the city could generate at least $4.3 million a year if it implemented a 12% tax on all parking lot and garage receipts. Larger cities like New York City, Chicago, Miami and Washington D.C. all have some form of a parking tax. The admissions tax – potentially of 5% - would be tacked on to most ticketed entertainment in the city and could generate at least $2.8 million a year. (That estimate includes the assumption that there would be reduced demand as a result of increased ticket prices.) The study also suggests implementing a local tax on cigarettes - that would be on top of what the state already charges – as well as an increase in the meal and beverage tax. At the same time, NRN said the city should consider reducing commercial and car tax rates by 3% during the 2017-18 fiscal year.
The study suggests Providence needs to enact pension reform that at least mirrors the changes made by the state during Governor Raimondo's tenure as treasurer. That could include the further suspension of cost-of-living adjustments (COLAs) – under a 2013 settlement with unions and retirees, city COLAs were suspended for 10 years – as well as the closure of the defined benefit plan and conversion to a defined contribution plan for new employees. The study also recommends eliminating the family medical subsidy for pre-Medicare coverage. These changes would likely require the approval of the city's unions and it is unclear how much they'll be willing to budge after agreeing to the 2013 settlement. (If that deal is breached, the city and union are required to go to binding arbitration.)
Mayor Elorza has already moved the fire department from four platoons to three, a change that results in firefighters working an average of 56 hours per week. The NRN study suggests the city should consider eliminating four engine companies and two ladder companies as part of an effort to better align with the fire departments in Bridgeport and Hartford. The study also suggest lowering minimum manning, a provision in the firefighters' union contract that requires at least 94 firefighters to be on duty at all times. (When a platoon falls below 94 firefighters, members of other platoons are called in and paid time-and-a-half.) Before making any changes, NRN suggests that the city conduct a comprehensive analysis of the entire fire department. The union's contract with the city ends June 30, 2017. A dispute over how much to pay firefighters under the new platoon structure is currently making its way through the legal system.
Providence currently posts a tax collection rate of around 93%, which is well below some of its peers in New England. For example, Stamford collects 98.8% of its taxes and New Haven collects at a 98% clip. Although the study does not recommend how Providence should increase its rate, it estimates that getting to 95% would generate an additional $2.5 million in the 2016-17 budget.
This was fairly controversial in Fall River, but it's relatively common in other New England communities, including Worcester. According to the study, charging residents based on the amount of waste they throw away could generate $3 million a year for the city. (That's $7 per garbage bin.)
The 70-acre, 18-hole public course located off Chalkstone Avenue is already managed by a private entity, but the study suggests Providence should consider selling it for around $22 million. If a sale is completed, NRN recommends the proceeds be used for an "invest in youth fund" that would support programming across the city.
NRN recommends Providence increase its $75 street cutting fee – possibly to $300 – as a way to help properly staff inspections to review all street restoration work and search for unauthorized street cuts. (Street cuts are generally performed by utility companies.) The study also suggests Providence should impose a bond or deposit requirement that ensures that the city has the money to complete resurfacing work if needed. With Providence facing a backlog of 3,500 sidewalk repair applications, the study also recommends creating a 50/50 cost-sharing program that would allow residents to help pay for expedited improvements.
The 435-acre park is owned by the city, but the study recommends that the cost of operations and maintenance should gradually be transferred to the state or a nonprofit organization in the coming years. NRN suggests that creating that type of partnership could save nearly $27 million over the next decade. The study compares the transfer of the park and zoo to the state's decision to transfer the Dunkin' Donuts Center to the R.I. Convention Center Authority in 2005.
The study recommends that Providence phase in a 30% active and retired employee health contribution – current city employees contribute between 15% and 20% - while also providing a high-deductible health plan for city workers. The report also suggests moving from 13 paid holidays per year to 10 to align with the federal government.
With nearly 5,800 of the state's probation and parole offenders living in Providence, NRN suggests outsourcing basic maintenance tasks to a prisoner reentry program would both help get ex-cons back on their feet and potentially save $219,000 a year beginning in the 2018-19 fiscal year. The study notes that seven city employees currently provide janitorial services to City Hall, the public safety complex or the police substations.
Continue the discussion on Facebook
The very first board game based on the work of Neil Gaiman!
‘A Study in Emerald' the board game takes as its inspiration the world conjured up by Neil Gaiman in the award winning short story. This is an alternative reality where fiction has become fact. The Old Ones have not only returned but have been ruling the earth for centuries. Opposition is rising, though, as humanity fights between itself to decide its future. Sherlock Holmes and Professor Moriarty are but two figures caught in this struggle.
Martin Wallace has concocted possibly his most subtle, complex, and downright evil design yet. If you know what you're doing after the third game then you have not understood the rules!
The game takes an original slant on the deck-building mechanic. Instead of buying the cards you want you have to bid for them with influence. The range of cards is massive, with only a few duplicates. You can employ secret agents to carry out your plans, or quietly subvert a city to your control, call up monsters from other dimensions to destroy your enemies, or raise an army of zombies. No two games will ever be the same.
This game will initially only be available via Kickstarter or direct from Treefrog Games, it will not be going into general distribution. We may or may not publish a second edition of the game for general distribution, but if we do the earliest you are likely to see it is 2015.
To find out more about how the game plays download the game overview below:
http://www.treefroggames.com/print/study-in-emerald-overview.pdf (pdf file 3.9MB)
To find out more you can go to the Treefrog website:
http://www.treefroggames.com/a-study-in-emerald
£30,000 – gets the game published.
£50,000 – we add a poster based on the artwork.
£80,000 – eight custom designed wooden zombie pieces.
£120,000 – 12 Bonus cards designed to expand game.
The artwork for ‘A Study in Emerald' is already in the process of being created by the highly talented team at The Tower of Art, aka Anne Stokes, John Woodward, and Geof Banyard.
You can download a pdf file of the rules here.
The game is still in development so some rules may change before the final version is released. Only English language rules will be included with the game. We hope to be able to put translations into other languages on our website.
These are the standard components without any of the stretch goal items.
Rules
Full coloured, mounted game board
One hundred wooden influence cubes (twenty per player)
Seventy five wooden control discs (fifteen per player)
Two wooden markers
One hundred and twenty eight good quality playing cards
Two punched boards containing over seventy counters
Unfortunately as the game has only been recently developed not many people have had the chance to play it, and no copies have been sent to notable reviewers. Having said that, the game is listed on Boardgamegeek and some people will have posted comments. Please remember that the game is still in development so there will be some minor changes to versions that have been played in the past. If you want to take the time to play the game yourself you can download the files from the Treefrog website and make your own version.
The Treefrog new Facebook and Twitter pages will be promoting the game.
The games will be printed in Germany, to their normal high standards. Shipping costs are included in the price. There are no additional shipping costs based on address. Wherever you live, that's where we will send the game. Treefrog will arrange with order fulfillment services in North America, Europe, and Australia.
You can add additional copies of the game for £45 per copy. (This price includes shipping anywhere in the world.) Just add £45 per copy to your pledge.
If you have already pledged but want to add additional copies of the game, just click the MANAGE PLEDGE button when you've logged in to Kickstarter, then increase your pledge amount by multiples of £45 for each additional copy of the game without changing your reward level. The price includes worldwide shipping.
Once the game is ready to ship we will ask pledgees for their addresses. We hope to have the game ready for October 2013. Treefrog will print a number of additional copies to sell at the Essen Games Fair and directly from our website. Please note that everybody will receive the same version of the game, with the exception of those people who manage to snag signed copies.
Credits
Video designed and created by Adam Jones.
‘Bless the Children' performed by the Pineapple Thief, courtesy of Snapper Music plc and The Pineapple Thief.
In my previous post I gave an overview about the key events that happened during the week that GNU Bash vulnerability – Shellshock – got disclosed. In this post would like to demonstrate a hand's on scenario that will allow one to have a better practical understanding on how someone could exploit the Shellshock vulnerability using HTTP requests to CGI scripts.
In order to better understand how this vulnerability can be exploited trough CGI scripts, below a short summary about what is CGI. CGI stands for Common Gateway Interface as formally defined in the RFC 3875. It is a gateway between the Web server and CGI scripts. You can write CGI programs in almost any programming language. The process of viewing a document on the Web starts when a Web browser sends a request to a Web server. The Web browser sends details about itself and the file it is requesting to the Web server in HTTP request headers. The Web server receives and reviews the HTTP request headers for any relevant information, such as the name of the file being requested and sends back the file with HTTP response headers. When a Web browser requests a CGI script in the cgi-bin directory from a Web server, the server knows is it is a CGI script and it executes. All the relevant data sent to the Web server from the Web browser, such as form input, plus the HTTP request headers are sent from the server to the CGI script in either environment variables or by standard input (stdin). This means the Web server makes available all the HTTP request headers received from the Web browser to the CGI script using environment variables all of which have the HTTP_ prefix. At these states the CGI script takes over, it parses and processes all the information. When the CGI script completes the execution, it sends the results back fo the Web server. The Web server formats the HTTP response header and returns the data to the Web browser.
Lets create a short example of a CGI script based on Perl that will pass back to the web browser the HTTP headers that were received trough the usage of CGI envronment variables. This was made on a CentOS machine running Apache has HTTP deamon.
The same example can be done in Shell scripting using BASH.
Now that we have a CGI bash script we can try out Shellshock!
The vulnerability can be easily exploited by introducing malformed HTTP headers in the request that will be processed by the CGI script as being code. In the following scenario I have Kali Linux box and a Web Server running CentOS with Apache with mod_cgi enable. This will be a manual attack in order to have a better practical understanding, however all this can be automated.
First we make a HTTP request to the Web Server CGI script bash.cgi using NetCat. The server answered with a HTTP 200 OK response and is respective results that were produced by the script. Next, the second HTTP request is much more interesting. As you can see we make a HTTP request to the same CGI script but now in the User-Agent field we crafted a string that will allow code execution. Because bash does not separate code from data this string will be part of environment variables. The code will be executed with the user permissions of the web server which in this case is the apache user account. In this case we just run the /usr/bin/id and as you can see the Web Server answered with the output of the id command.
So what can an attacker do?
This remote code execution attack vector is pretty serious because it allows to execute commands on the operating system, change configuration files and many other nasty stuff. The following picture demonstrate a scenario where an attacker via this attack vector can fully compromise a system. The attacker opens 2 shell commands (attacker shell 1 and 2).
Evil starts a HTTP deamon that will serve Evil stuff. It compiles a local escalation privilege exploit for Linux machines. Using Metasploit it creates a reverse shell that will connect back to the attacker on port 8080. Then it will put a NetCat listener accepting request on TCP port 8080. Then, Evil starts creating the malicious HTTP requests to the CGI script using the User-Agent field as payload for the commands. It starts by downloading the local privilege escalation exploit camouflaged as JPG file to the /tmp folder which is writable by the user apache. Next it downloads the reverse shell binary. It assigns execution permissions to the reverse shell binary. It executes the reverse shell. On the NetCat listener the attacker will receive the reverse shell and will have a command line open to the system. Now he can execute the local privilge escalation exploit. Evil got root access to the system!
As you could see this was pretty easy to execute and Evil got root access into the system. Following that, Evil could retrieve the passwd and shadow file and crack the credentials accounts or he could find a way to maintain persistence and cover his tracks.
How could one increase its protection against this?
Three key recommendations : Patching , Egress traffic filtering and Hardening. By not using the latest patches and security recommendations you are exposed to this kind of scenarios. Patching is one of the most effective recommendations that someone should take. Egress filtering is extremely important nowadays, not filtering outgoing traffic to the Internet allows your internal systems to communicate with any IP address from the Internet which significantly increases the risk of downloading malicious code and be compromised. Finally, fortify your systems using the security best practices and vendor recommendations e.g. SELinux in this case would not allow Evil to initiate a socket using the apache account limiting Evil ability to download its malicious code.
The tools and tactics used are not new. However, they are relevant and used in today's Shellshock attacks. With this kind of scenarios one can learn, practice and look behind the scenes to better know them and the impact they have.
SAN FRANCISCO - The Pac-12 Conference has released the weekly matchups and site designations for the league's 2016-17 men's basketball season.
The announcement reflects the games being played and the home/away designations each week of the Pac-12 regular season. Specific dates and times for each game within a week will be announced later this summer after selections by the league's television partners are finalized. All Conference games will be televised by either ESPN, FOX, CBS or Pac-12 Network.
Tip-off of the league's regular season will begin no earlier than Wednesday, Dec. 28, 2016. Opening week will be highlighted by traditional rivalry games between COLORADO and UTAH and in the Apple Cup between WASHINGTON and WASHINGTON STATE, as well as defending conference champion OREGON hosting UCLA and USC.
The midpoint of the 18-game conference slate - week of Jan. 23-29 - will feature a rematch of the 2016 Pac-12 Tournament title game with Oregon visiting UTAH along with rivalry games between CALIFORNIA and STANFORD, and UCLA and USC.
Regular-season play will conclude on Saturday, March 4, 2017, with the final week highlighted by rivalry games in the Civil War series between Oregon and Oregon State and the Territorial Cup between ARIZONA and ARIZONA STATE ahead of the Pac-12 Tournament's debut at the new T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas from March 8-11.
Pac-12 men's basketball enjoyed one of its most exciting and competitive seasons in 2015-16. A record seven teams earned bids to the 2016 NCAA Tournament, nine teams finished the year ranked in the RPI Top 100, all 12 teams posted Top 100 Strengths of Schedule, and league play featured seven matchups between AP Top 25 teams, the most for the conference since 2007-08.
2015-16 Pac-12 All-Conference performers Dillon Brooks (OREGON), Isaac Hamilton (UCLA) and Ivan Rabb (CALIFORNIA) headline the list of the league's top returners, and the Conference is slated to add 18 freshmen rated in Scout's Class of 2016 Top 100 recruit rankings, the second-most of any league in the country.
2016-17 Pac-12 Conference Men's Basketball Weekly Pairings (Wednesday-Sunday)
Week of Dec. 28-Jan. 1
Arizona/Arizona State at California/Stanford
UCLA/USC at Oregon/Oregon State
Colorado at Utah
Washington State at Washington
Some workers screening travelers at one major airport may not have been fully screened themselves.
Facing a backlog of background checks, the Transportation Security Administration gave airport employers the ability to hire any workers needed at Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson airport, according to a memo obtained by WSBTV Atlanta. The "regulatory relief" affects airports across the country, WSBTV Atlanta reports.
TSA officials said they ultimately resolved the backlog of background checks at the Atlanta airport, but made no mention of whether the situation had been fixed at other airports, according to WSBTV.
Typically, a new TSA hire goes through a variety of background checks. The airport looking to hire a new worker submits their information to the Airport Association of Airport Executives, which processes the background check, according to the TSA website. Then the employee's information is checked against the Terrorist Screening Database. At the same time, the airport conducts its own background check process.
Because of a backup in the request submitted to the Airport Executive Association, TSA allowed airports to hire employees who hadn't fully completed the background check process. Still, all employees ultimately go through the full background check.
“The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) was recently made aware that a newly implemented change to the system used to process airline and airport employee background checks resulted in a delay for requests submitted through the American Association of Airport Executives (AAAE),” TSA said in a statement. “To allow for a continuity of operations, TSA has provided airports and airlines with interim regulatory relief. At no time was security at risk, and all new employees will still undergo identity verification and be subject to watch list matching.”
The TSA would not identify which airports have hired screeners without completing background checks.
The agency has come under scrutiny recently for incidents unrelated to the "regulatory relief." The Justice Department has accused some agents at Los Angeles International Airport of accepting bribes to look the other way when passengers transported drugs in their luggage. The DOJ alleges that there were five incidents between February and July 2011.
AUGUSTA — “Moonlight” tells the story of a gay African-American boy growing up in inner-city Miami facing physical and emotional abuse over his sexuality and identity. The independent film became the first LGBT movie to win the best picture Academy Award last week.
While an Oscar isn't a realistic goal, the Family Violence Project hopes its upcoming short film highlighting domestic violence in the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community has a similar effect.
“We made the connection that what's happening at home is what's happening in schools and what's happenings in communities,” said Nancy Provost, an abuse prevention educator for the Family Violence Project and one of the film's directors. “It all ties together in a cycle.”
The film, called “We See You,” is a mix of scripted dialogue and actors and regular people sharing their own experiences with domestic violence. Writer and co-director Carmen-maria Mandley said the script was full of information for everyone to follow, but she also gave actors and the other people an opportunity to speak.
“What we got was illuminating and desperately vulnerable information from a lot of people who within their own families and their homes have experienced this and have never known where to go,” Mandley said. “We didn't anticipate just how much information we were going to get.”
Mandley said she gave Christina Hallowell, the film's editor, over 80 hours of footage that she is in the final stage of cutting up and piecing together. When the film is completed, Hallowell said, it will probably be 30 to 35 minutes long.
The Augusta-based Family Violence Project was awarded a $5,000 grant in September 2015 from the Jane Costello Wellehan Fund of the Maine Community Foundation. Kelly Smith wrote the grant application and said they asked for the money for focus groups, school presentations and community events. She said they didn't think the organization had materials adequate for working with some of the victims of domestic violence.
“We initially thought we would do some brochures, school-based training pieces and other modules,” Smith said. “We never thought of a film until I was walking past Nancy's office and she had the idea.”
Smith said it took a lot of courage not only for people to tell their story, but also to do it on film.
“It truly heightened their awareness of domestic violence,” she said. “This is an awareness project to help others in the community who maybe have been impacted by domestic violence.”
The actors and people who participated in the film comes from all walks of life, gender identity and sexual orientation. There are straight, gay, bisexual, transgender, gender fluid, intersex, non-binary, asexual, pansexual, white, black, Asian, Latino and mixed-race people speaking throughout the film.
“(Domestic violence) doesn't limit itself to specific populations,” Smith said. “It impacts everybody.”
Mandley said her script was developed using a couple of different data sources, including national research and a study done by the Family Violence Project. Provost said the organization distributed surveys at pride parades and other community events last year and collected 131 completed responses. The eight-question survey asked people about sexual orientation, gender identity and domestic abuse within the LGBT community.
The film opens by defining domestic violence and emotional abuse and the many different examples of it. It continues with actors and other people reading scripted lines about the signs of domestic violence, what someone can do if experiencing it and the effect the abuse can have on a person. Throughout the film, several people tell their stories of their experiences with domestic violence.
Provost, Mandley and Hallowell all said they've continued to become emotional throughout the editing process.
“We offered people the opportunity to be behind a screen while they were speaking their truth, but I think the energy surrounding the project and because they were ready, they all said no,” Mandley said.
Provost, who has several lines in the film, said everyone's openness and willingness to talk surprised her the most. The film gave them an opportunity to talk about something they might never have talked about before.
“They were sharing their personal stories because we gave them the opportunity,” Provost said. “Nobody ever asked them the questions we asked.”
Her big goal for the film, which she said is one-of-a-kind, is for it to be featured the National Coalition Against Domestic Violence conference next year.
A special premiere is planned for the cast and crew for some time in late April or early May at the Theater at Monmouth. Provost and other Family Violence Project officials are looking at other venues around Maine, including the Waterville Opera House and the Holocaust and Human Rights Center in Augusta for future screenings. Eventually, she said, the film will be available digitally.
“My hope is that we will be providing information for years to come,” Provost said.
Jason Pafundi — 621-5663
[email protected]
Twitter: @jasonpafundiKJ
Share
One trick I've used across multiple projects to help manage email overload is to add a standard subject prefix to all outgoing emails that contains the specific application/service along with the Rails env for non-production environments (ex: staging, demo, etc).
For example:
# subject for MyApp from staging [MyApp STAGING] Forgot Password # subject for MyApp from production # Rails.env omitted to keep emails pretty for users [MyApp] Forgot Password
This simple change makes it much easier easier to visually scan incoming emails and even simpler to setup effective email filters. All good things to reduce email overload.
ActionMailer::Interceptor to the rescue
Rails 3.1 and above have a great feature that allow for intercepting all outgoing email and optionally modifying the mail object before it is delivered. I've used a pretty simple interceptor across several projects to add a standard subject prefix and have been very happy with the results.
Now, after several iterations I have finally gotten around to wrapping this behavior up into a standalone gem.
The email_prefixer gem encapsulates this functionality and is absolutely simple to get up and running. Literally bundle install and your done.
Customizing the application name
The email_prefixer gem automatically infers the application name from the Rails application class name, but this can be changed using a standard Rails config initializer.
For example:
# config/initializers/email_prefixer.rb EmailPrefixer . configure do | config | config . application_name = 'MyCompany' end
Feedback wanted
Are there other customizations that would be useful? I'd love to hear any feedback or suggestions for improvements!
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Disqus
