The proposal is a central part of President Juncker's agenda of a Europe that protects. The initiative comes in light of more complex and frequent natural disasters that have seriously affected many European countries over recent years. A key part of the proposal is the creation of rescEU, a reserve at European level of civil protection capabilities such as aerial forest fighting planes, special water pumps, urban search and rescue and field hospitals and emergency medical teams. These will complement national assets and will be managed by the European Commission in order to support countries hit by disasters such as floods, forest fires, earthquakes and epidemics. Alone in 2017, over 200 people were killed by natural disasters in Europe and over one million hectares of forest have been destroyed.
President Jean-Claude Juncker said: "Europe can't be on the side-lines when our Member States suffer from natural disasters and need help. No country in Europe is immune to natural disasters which have sadly become the new normal. When a disaster strikes, I want the European Union to offer more than condolences. Europe is a continent of solidarity and we must be better prepared than before, and faster in helping our Member States on the frontline."
"The tragedies of last summer and the past few years have shown that our current disaster response system has reached its limits in its existing voluntary format. The challenges we face have evolved, and so must we. It is a matter of solidarity and shared responsibility at all levels. This is what European citizens expect from us and I now look to European governments and the European Parliament to embrace this proposal," Christos Stylianides, Commissioner for Humanitarian Aid and Crisis Management said.
The Commission proposal focuses on two complementary strands of action, targeting (i) a stronger collective response at European level and (ii) improved prevention and preparedness capacities:
Strengthening European response capacities: rescEU
- An EU civil protection response reserve of civil protection assets will be established to assist Member States in responding to disasters, when national capacities are overwhelmed. rescEU will include assets, such as firefighting aircraft and water pumping equipment, which will complement national capacities. All costs and capacities of rescEU would be fully covered by EU financing, with the Commission retaining the operational control of these assets and deciding on their deployment.
- In parallel, the Commission will assist Member States to boost their national capacities, by financing the adaptation, repair, transport and operation costs of their existing resources – whereas today only transportation costs are covered. The assets would become part of a shared pool of emergency response resources under the European Civil Protection Pool, and would be made available for deployment when disaster strikes.
Stepping up disaster prevention and preparedness
- Under today's proposal, Member States will be asked to share their national prevention and preparedness strategies, in order to collectively identify and address possible gaps.
- The proposal strengthens cooperation and coherence with existing EU policies dealing with prevention and preparedness. This includes for example the EU Strategy on Adaptation to Climate Change, the European Structural and Investment Funds, the Solidarity Fund, environmental legislation (e.g. flood management plans and eco-system based solutions), research and innovation and policies to address serious cross-border threats to health and more.
Finally, the proposal will streamline and simplify administrative procedures in order to reduce the time needed to deploy life-saving assistance.
Background
The EU's Civil Protection Mechanism is currently based on a voluntary system, through which the EU coordinates the voluntary contributions of participating states to a country that has requested assistance. Offers of assistance are coordinated by the European Emergency Response Coordination Centre, based in Brussels. In recent years, extreme weather conditions and other phenomena have stretched the ability of Member States to help each other, especially when several Member States face the same type of disaster simultaneously. In such cases where there is limited or no availability of assets, the EU does not have a reserve capacity to assist overwhelmed Member States.
2017 has seen a wide range of disasters. In total, over 200 people were killed by natural disasters in Europe in 2017. But natural disasters have also a severe economic impact. Since 1980, as well as the human cost, EU Member States have lost over EUR 360 billion in weather and climate extreme events. In Portugal alone, the direct economic damage of forest fire events between June and September is estimated at close to EUR 600 million, representing 0.34% of Portugal's Gross National Income.
Since its establishment in 2001, the EU Civil Protection Mechanism has monitored over 400 disasters and has received over 250 requests for assistance. The EU Civil Protection Mechanism can be activated in response to man-made and natural disasters, but also supports disaster preparedness and prevention.
The EU Civil Protection Mechanism includes all EU Member States as well as several other participating states outside the EU, namely, Iceland, Norway, Serbia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Montenegro and Turkey. rescEU would be extended to these participating states as a sign of European solidarity.
For More Information
Communication from the Commission to the European Parliament, the Council and the Committee of the regions - Strengthening EU Disaster Management: rescEU Solidarity with Responsibility
Q&A MEMO: Strengthening EU Disaster Management
Factsheet: Strengthening EU Civil Protection response
Factsheet: EU Emergency Response Coordination Centre
NATO Is Winning in Afghanistan Like the United States Was in Vietnam
The Pentagon released a sobering report on December 10, 2012 on the war in Afghanistan. The report was ready before the United States presidential election in early November but not made available to “respect” the election cycle. The delay from the Pentagon can only be viewed as an attempt by the Obama administration to keep the bleak findings of the report from the American public before they went to the polls. During the election charade, the 11-year war in Afghanistan, like any other meaningful US foreign-policy topic, was conveniently ignored by both candidates. The war is unpopular, and it has slowly but surely become the forgotten war, even though 68,000 US troops are still involved in Afghanistan's quagmire.
Endless war or transition to a Taliban takeover
The raw numbers are grim, as the prospect of a real withdrawal by the US in 2014 seems increasingly unlikely, unless the Obama administration declares victory and shortly afterwards just lets the Taliban take over. According to the Pentagon, only one of the 23 brigades of the Afghan National Army would be able to operate without NATO support. According to official data from the Department of Defense, since 2001, the conflict has cost US taxpayers more than $500 billion, and 2,146 American troops have died. In this war of attrition, thousands of NATO troops have already died and will keep dying in vain.
The Pentagon report spans from April 1 to September 30, 2012. “During the reporting period, enemy initiated attacks (EIAs) were up one percent compared to the same period last year. The campaign continued to face challenges including a rise of insider attacks. The insurgency's safe havens in Pakistan, the limited institutional capacity of the Afghan government, and endemic corruption remain the greatest risks to long-term stability and sustainable security in Afghanistan. The Taliban-led insurgency and its al-Qaeda affiliates operate from sanctuaries in Pakistan. Although the insurgency's kinetic capabilities have declined from their peak in 2010, the insurgents remain resilient and determined, and will likely attempt to regain lost ground and influence through continued assassinations, intimidation, high-profile attacks, and the emplacement of IEDs ( improvised explosive devices). Widespread corruption continues to limit the effectiveness and legitimacy of the Afghan government,” says the 172 page Pentagon report. US taxpayers should know that, according to the Pentagon, the estimated cost of the report or study for the Department of Defense was around $161,000 for the 2012 fiscal year. This included $23,000 in “expenses” and $138,000 in “DOD labor.”
Lesson from Vietnam: Defeating a skilled and determined guerrilla army is militarily impossible
History is not America's forte. The United States of America suffers from amnesia when it comes to the valuable lessons that the country should have learned from Vietnam. If people had done their research in Washington before impulsively invading Afghanistan in 2001, they would have reconsidered their actions after learning that nobody has ever defeated recent history's best guerrilla force: the Pashtuns. The Taliban are mostly Pashtuns, and this fearless tribe has won the well-deserved reputation of providing a “burial ground” for empires. They did this with the British empire and, in the 1980s, with the Soviet Union. The Reagan administration played a pivotal role in arming and funding what he called Afghanistan's “freedom fighters” when they were taking on the “evil empire” of the Soviet Union. A few decades later, Reagan's freedom-fighter friends became the Taliban. Washington never made an effort to understand the Taliban and the reasons why they are such a tough and resilient enemy.
The late French President General Charles de Gaulle once said: “You may be sure that the Americans will commit all the stupidities they can think of, plus some that are beyond imagination.” De Gaulle was correct in his assessment of America's geopolitical IQ. More than 50,000 US troops died in vain in Vietnam to maintain an illegitimate and corrupt government, all in the name of countering the danger of communism's “domino effect.” Three million Vietnamese were killed in that conflict. The same cold-war rationale was at play when Reagan was a crucial ally of Osama Bin Laden and his friends. This absurdly short-sighted, one-train-behind, US foreign policy is now being applied to Afghanistan, Pakistan — with the drone attacks — and of course Syria, where the US is de facto supporting a Talibanization of the country.
Jared Kushner, senior adviser and son-in-law to President Trump, released prepared remarks before his closed-door meeting with the Senate Intelligence Committee early Monday morning.
In the statement, Kushner outlined his meetings with Russians and other foreign nationals over the course of the campaign, but reiterated that he “did not collude” with the Russian government or any other government, nor did he “know of anyone else in the campaign who colluded.”
Kushner also touched on his incomplete submission of the SF-86 form, required for obtaining the security clearance necessary to take part in classified discussions. As Vox's Lindsay Maizland wrote in her explainer on potential revocation of Kushner's security clearance:
During this phase, the person applying for the security clearance submits the necessary paperwork. This includes submitting a 127-page form, known as the SF-86, detailing all “close and/or continuing contact with a foreign national within the last seven years,” as well as lots of other information about their extended family, where they've lived in the past, and all previous employment. The SF-86 is the form on which Kushner initially failed to report his contacts with foreign nationals.
Kushner blamed his assistant for submitting the form early without any information about meetings with foreign nationals. His updated form still failed to mention the now-infamous meeting with Donald Trump Jr. and a Kremlin-linked attorney, which he attributed to forgetting about the meeting, something he viewed as a “waste” of his time.
Read the full statement here and below:
CAPE CANAVERAL, FL — The telecommunications giant SES is boldly going where no company has gone before by making history in inking a deal today, Aug. 30, to fly the expensive SES-10 commercial satellite on the first ever launch of a ‘Flight-Proven' SpaceX booster – that's been used and recovered.
Luxembourg-based SES and Hawthrone, CA-based SpaceX today jointly announced the agreement to “launch SES-10 on a flight-proven Falcon 9 orbital rocket booster” before the end of this year.
“The satellite, which will be in a geostationary orbit and expand SES's capabilities across Latin America, is scheduled for launch in Q4 2016. SES-10 will be the first-ever satellite to launch on a SpaceX flight-proven rocket booster,” according to a joint statement.
That first launch of a flight-proven Falcon 9 first stage will use the CRS-8 booster that delivered a SpaceX Dragon to the International Space Station in April 2016. The reflight could happen as soon as October 2016.
The deal marks a major milestone and turning point in SpaceX CEO and billionaire founder Elon Musk's long sought endeavor to turn the science fictionesque quest of rocket reusability into the scientific fact of reality.
“Thanks for the longstanding faith in SpaceX,” tweeted SpaceX CEO Elon Musk after today's joint SES/SpaceX announcement.
“We very much look forward to doing this milestone flight with you.”
Elon Musk's goal is to radically slash the cost of launching rockets and access to space via rocket recycling – in a way that will one day lead to his vision of a ‘City on Mars.'
Over just the past 8 months, SpaceX has successfully recovered 6 of the firms Falcon 9 first stage boosters intact – by land and by sea since December 2015 – in hopes of recycling and reusing them with new payloads from paying customers daring enough to take the risk of stepping into the unknown!
SES is that daring company and has repeatedly shown faith in SpaceX. They were the first commercial satellite operator to launch with SpaceX with SES-8 back in October 2013. Earlier this year the firm also launched SES-9 on the recently upgraded full thrust version of Falcon 9 in March 2016.
“Having been the first commercial satellite operator to launch with SpaceX back in 2013, we are excited to once again be the first customer to launch on SpaceX's first ever mission using a flight-proven rocket. We believe reusable rockets will open up a new era of spaceflight, and make access to space more efficient in terms of cost and manifest management,” said Martin Halliwell, Chief Technology Officer at SES, in the statement.
“This new agreement reached with SpaceX once again illustrates the faith we have in their technical and operational expertise. The due diligence the SpaceX team has demonstrated throughout the design and testing of the SES-10 mission launch vehicle gives us full confidence that SpaceX is capable of launching our first SES satellite dedicated to Latin America into space.”
But the company first has to prove that the used vehicle can survive the extreme and unforgiving stresses of the violent spaceflight environment before they can relaunch it. So they have been carefully inspecting it for structural integrity, checking all the booster systems, plumbing, avionics, etc and retesting the first stage Merlin 1D engines.
Multiple full duration hot fire tests of the fully integrated booster have been conducted at the SpaceX test facility in McGregor, Texas as part of long life endurance testing. This includes igniting all nine used first stage Merlin 1D engines housed at the base of a landed rocket for approximately three minutes.
For the SES-10 launch, SpaceX plans to use the Falcon 9 booster that landed on an ocean going drone ship from NASA's CRS-8 space station mission launched in April 2016, said Hans Koenigsmann, SpaceX vice president of Flight Reliability, to reporters recently at the Kennedy Space Center during NASA's CRS-9 cargo launch to the ISS.
SpaceX has derived many lessons learned on how to maximize the chances for a successful rocket recovery, Koenigsmann explained to Universe Today at KSC when I asked for some insight.
“We learned a lot … from the landings,” Hans Koenigsmann, SpaceX vice president of Flight Reliability, told Universe Today during the media briefings for the SpaceX CRS-9 space station cargo resupply launch on July 18.
“There are no structural changes first of all.”
“The key thing is to protect the engines- and make sure that they start up well [in space during reentry],” Koenigsmann elaborated, while they are in flight and “during reentry.”
“And in particular the hot trajectory, so to speak, like the ones that comes in after a fast payload, like the geo-transfer payload basically.”
“Those engines need to be protected so that they start up in the proper way. That's something that we learned.”
The SpaceX Falcon 9 first stage is outfitted with four landing legs at the base and four grid fins at the top to conduct the landing attempts.
“In general I think the landing concept with the legs, and the number of burns and the way we perform This seems to work OK,” Koenigsmann told me.
“Re-launching a rocket that has already delivered spacecraft to orbit is an important milestone on the path to complete and rapid reusability,” said Gwynne Shotwell, President and Chief Operating Officer of SpaceX.
“SES has been a strong supporter of SpaceX's approach to reusability over the years and we're delighted that the first launch of a flight-proven rocket will carry SES-10.”
How much money will SES save by using a spent, recycled first stage Falcon 9 booster?
SpaceX says the price of a completely new Falcon 9 booster is approximately $60 million.
Shotwell has said SpaceX will reduce the cost about 30%. So SES might be saving around $20 million – but there are no published numbers regarding this particular launch contract.
SES-10 will be the first SES satellite wholly dedicated to Latin America.
“The satellite will provide coverage over Mexico, serve the Spanish speaking South America in one single beam, and cover Brazil with the ability to support off-shore oil and gas exploration,” according to SES.
It will replace capacity currently provided by two other satellites, namely AMC-3 and AMC-4, and will “provide enhanced coverage and significant capacity expansion over Latin America – including Mexico, Central America, South America and the Caribbean. The high-powered, tailored and flexible beams will provide direct-to-home broadcasting, enterprise and mobility services.”
It is equipped with a Ku-band payload of 55 36MHz transponder equivalents, of which 27 are incremental. It will be stationed at 67 degrees West.
SES-10 was built by Airbus Defence and Space and is based on the Eurostar E3000 platform. Notably it will use “an electric plasma propulsion system for on-orbit manoeuvres and a chemical system for initial orbit raising and some on-orbit manoeuvres.”
The most recent SpaceX Falcon 9 booster to be recovered followed the dramatic overnight launch of the Japanese JCSAT-16 telecom satellite on Aug. 14.
It was towed back into port on atop the diminutive OCISLY ocean landing platform that measures only about 170 ft × 300 ft (52 m × 91 m). SpaceX formally dubs it an ‘Autonomous Spaceport Drone Ship' or ASDS.
The 6 successful Falcon upright first stage landings are part of a continuing series of SpaceX technological marvels/miracles rocking the space industry to its core.
SpaceX had already successfully recovered first stages three times in a row at sea earlier this year on the ocean going drone ship barge using the company's OCISLY Autonomous Spaceport Drone Ship (ASDS) on April 8, May 6 and May 27, prior to JCSAT-16 on Aug. 14.
Two land landings back at Cape Canaveral Landing Zone-1 were accomplished on Dec. 21, 2015 and July 18, 2016.
Stay tuned here for Ken's continuing Earth and Planetary science and human spaceflight news.
Ken Kremer
ADVERTISEMENT
Group buying and daily deals have increased exponentially in the past year or two- and they will only grow larger. The benefits on both side of group buying a daily deal are what have made this become to wildly popular.
Fair warning: this article is geared more towards those who may not know much about group buying but I think there's a little something for everyone in here.
On one end, you have the general group buying sites (such as Groupon or LivingSocial) that negotiate with businesses (both big and small) to work out a price for a certain amount of items. On the other end, we also have the trend of niche group buying and daily deals sites (sites such as Bookperk or Groupenture) that offer discounts and deals for a highly targeted group of individuals.
Once the deals are negotiated with the participating businesses and established, said site can offer these deals in a 24 hour window (or weekly window, in some cases) to the public with super low prices; 50% off or more sometimes. Often times, a tipping point is employed to assure that there's enough people interested in the deal for all three parties to benefit.
The group buying sites offer:
Ability to receive email alerts on deals each day
Ability to have geo-targeted deals sent to you (most buying sites offer the ability to drill down by zip code and also include nearby deals as well)
Ability to view the discount percentage being offered
Ability to buy deals for friends
Ability to share deals on social networks (Twitter, Facebook, etc)
You'll also notice that as you're searching, these sites also get indexed and rank fairly high, if using geo-targeted searches.
This could be useful, depending on the length of the deals. If it's a daily deal that's running for 24 hours, it's probably pointless to point out that they're being indexed as they'll likely be indexed before consumers can really search and take advantage of it.
The “Group Buying Effect”
There's a lot that can be said about group influence/dynamics and social psychology with social media and group buying. We know that social media drives brand exploration and users are also more likely to make a purchase online based on something shared or purchased by either an influencer or someone who is a part of their regular social community.
The power that group buying holds is that not only are stellar deals offered, but the exploration and interest in the items offered are multiplied due to the fact that they are shareable. Think about it:
You're hanging out on Twitter or Facebook and a close friend of yours shares a deal that they found on Groupon. You click it; not because you're super interested in what's being offered, but because your friend has shared it. Once you start checking it out, you notice that the discount is for 60% off, and valid for the day only.
Suddenly- this deal looks good to you and you decide to purchase it. Not because you REALLY wanted it, but because you were exposed to it through someone you trust in the social community, and found value in the discount.
That, and there's a time limit on it. You start thinking, “Oh snap! I better snatch this deal up quickly because I won't have the chance to tomorrow.”
Businesses and group buying sites are playing on:
Urgency- Giving the buyers a sense of urgency due to time restraints
Exclusivity- Offering the buyers a sense of exclusivity with limited quantities
Social Sharing- The likeliness that users will share with others in their network and influence them
When a business participates in a group buying effort, they're gaining so much by tapping into the social aspect of these sites. They're essentially reaching a whole new audience thanks to the interconnectedness of the web and the reach that the consumers of group buying sites lend.
Why Niche Sites Will Succeed
Niche sites automatically have a one up on general group buying sites like Groupon and LivingSocial. This is because people are automatically drawn to those things that interest them.
Bookperk, for example, will draw a whole slew of users who are looking to get a book and and something extra- whether that be a movie ticket, a goodie bag…. anything that's being offered and relevant to the book that the promotion is running with.
For those who travel, sites like Groupenture will attract consumers quickly. Consumers won't have to wait for travel related deal, relevant to them, like they would on a site as large as Groupon. Every deal on Groupenture will potentially be valuable to them if they travel often or are looking for deals.
Ultimately, businesses will likely find benefit in experimenting with group buying sites once they establish some benchmarks with their sales history- I think there's something to be said for trying it out and seeing if your sales are increasing and if its beneficial for your business as a whole.
Do you see a future in group buying? Do you see more niche sites popping up, or more general sites? Are there long term benefits to these sites, or could it just be a trend that will shift or die down?
Note: I've been following some conversations in Namesake and noticing that many others are talking about the irrelevance of larger sites like GO and LS and it's started me thinking about whether sites like Groupon or LivingSocial need to become more targeted or segment themselves out in order to survive. There's some excellent conversation happening on there and it could definitely call for a follow-up post.
Category Social Media
T-Mobile isn't buying into dire warnings about net neutrality. In an interview with The Wall Street Journal, company COO Mike Sievert said that FCC chair Tom Wheeler's plan to reclassify broadband under stricter Title II regulation wouldn't pose a significant threat. "There is nothing in there that gives us deep concern about our ability to continue executing our strategy," said Sievert, though the Journal also said he believed reclassification was not "the most desirable approach."
This puts T-Mobile's position near that of Sprint, which said last week that Wheeler's proposal could actually help its customers, and was unlikely to stop investment in telecommunications companies. It certainly places it far from AT&T — which said reclassification would lead to industry lawsuits — and Verizon, which castigated Wheeler's plan earlier this month. But it's hardly an endorsement of Wheeler's plan.
T-Mobile's outspoken CEO, John Legere, said last year that he opposed Title II reclassification, supporting "lighter" regulation under Section 706 of the Telecommunications Act. "Like it or not, regulation can stifle innovation," he wrote on Twitter. Sievert isn't directly contradicting that, but he is saying that Legere's fears about regulation might not add up to much. Then again, telecoms need to strike a delicate balancing act: they've got to predict enough harm to turn regulators against Title II, but not enough to actually scare off investors.
The FCC will vote on Wheeler's proposal next week, at a February 26th meeting. With two other commissioners usually on Wheeler's side, it's expected to pass, which will trigger a public comment period (and probably several lawsuits.) The FCC will also be up against Congress Republicans, who have introduced a bill that would codify some net neutrality principles but reduce the FCC's role in maintaining them. T-Mobile hasn't really sided with Title II net neutrality, but at least it isn't siding strongly against it.
MIAMI – A Florida doctor convicted of pocketing more than $1 million for writing phony prescriptions for unnecessary HIV treatments was sentenced Monday to almost 20 years in prison, for his key role in a massive Medicare fraud conspiracy. The scam bilked millions of dollars from the federal health care program.
Dr. Rene de los Rios, a 72-year-old Cuban-born physician trained in Spain, said virtually nothing at his sentencing as U.S. District Judge Joan Lenard hammered him for violating his medical oath, stealing from the vulnerable government program and disgracing himself, his family and his community. She also accused him of "blatantly lying" as a witness during his trial that ended with a jury's guilty verdict in April.
"Dr. de los Rios does not deserve the title of doctor anymore," the judge declared, rejecting his bid for about seven years in prison.
The doctor's sentence was the second stiffest of any meted out against a physician convicted of Medicarefraud in South Florida, which is widely regarded as the capital of crime against the federal program for the elderly and disabled. It rivaled that of Dr. Ana Alvarez-Jacinto, a Miami-Dade County physician convicted of a crime similar to Rios' HIV scam; she was sentenced to 30 years by Chief U.S. District Judge Federico Moreno in 2008.
Alvarez-Jacinto's punishment was upheld last year in an Atlanta-based federal appellate court ruling written by retired U.S. Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor. Sitting as a guest panelist, she declared that "a doctor should be punished more severely than other participants because the doctor is breaching a position of trust and an ethical obligation to put the patient's interest first."
Lenard echoed that belief repeatedly Monday as she slammed de los Rios for falsifying hundreds of patient records to justify writing bogus prescriptions for two Miami-Dade clinics — Metro Med of Hialeah and J&F Community Medical Center — that billed Medicare a total of $46.2 million for HIV therapy between 2003 and 2005.
In turn, Medicare paid the clinics $19.7 million for HIV treatments that were either unnecessary or not provided to patients, many of whom received kickbacks for use of their government-issued health care cards.
"It is the medical doctor who holds the position of trust," the judge said. "It was violated by the medical director of Metro Med and J&F."
She reminded de los Rios that while he is 72, he was 64 when he joined the racket headed by Metro Med's owner, Damaris Oliva, who pleaded guilty, cooperated with authorities and was sentenced to about seven years.
According to prosecutors, Oliva learned the Medicare fraud business from brothers Carlos, Luis and Jose Benitez, who owned 11 HIV clinics in Miami-Dade that billed the federal program $119 million and were paid $84 million. They fled to the Dominican Republic and then to Cuba before their indictment was unsealed in 2008. They are believed to be incarcerated in a Cuban jail on immigration violations, according to the FBI.
During the past decade, elaborate HIV schemes cost Medicare billions of dollars, according to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services' inspector general. HIV clinics throughout South Florida — which had 8 percent of the nation's population with the virus that causes AIDS — were responsible for 72 percent of all claims for HIV infusion drugs in 2005, according to an inspector general's report.
That year, South Florida clinics — mostly concentrated in Miami-Dade — submitted $2.2 billion in HIV-drug infusion bills to Medicare for HIV drugs, according to the study. That was 22 times more than the total HIV claims submitted to Medicare by health care clinics in the rest of the country combined.
On Monday, the judge cited those statistics to dramatize her personal outrage over de los Rios' misconduct. "He signed off and participated in a fraud of huge proportions," Lenard said.
The physician's attorney, Jose Quinon, tried in vain to persuade the judge to lower the sentence to about seven years, arguing that it should be at least comparable to the prison term for Oliva. Quinon also argued that his client was ailing, with a heart condition and diabetes.
"The major issue is whether Dr. de los Rios will be able to die at home or die in some prison," Quinon told the judge. "That is what this is really about."
But Justice Department trial attorney Joseph Beemsterboer countered that the physician deserved no sympathy, arguing for 30 years in prison. He focused on the very issue that troubled the judge the most: de los Rios had been in the medical profession for decades without incident when he decided to become a criminal.
"At that point, he should have known better," Beemsterboer said, adding that authorities still have not been able to recover the $1.2 million the physician received from the clinics. "We still haven't found a dime of that money."
EVEN when the sky is blue over Quincy, clouds hang in the air. The small town in the centre of the state of Washington is home to half a dozen huge warehouses that power the global “computing clouds” run by internet companies such as Yahoo! and Microsoft. The size of several football pitches, these data centres are filled with thousands of powerful computers and storage devices and are hooked up to the internet via fast fibre-optic links.
Yet even more intriguing than the buildings' size is their location. Quincy is literally in the middle of nowhere, three hours' drive from the nearest big city, Seattle. But it turns out to be a perfect location for data centres. As computing becomes a utility, with services that can be consumed from everywhere and on any device, ever more thought is being put into where to put the infrastructure it needs.
Where the cloud touches down is not just the business of the geeks. Data centres are essential to nearly every industry and have become as vital to the functioning of society as power stations are. Lately, centres have been springing up in unexpected places: in old missile bunkers, in former shopping malls—even in Iceland. America alone has more than 7,000 data centres, according to IDC, a market-research firm. And each is housing ever more servers, the powerful computers that crunch and dish up data. In America the number of servers is expected to grow to 15.8m by 2010—three times as many as a decade earlier.
Until a few years ago, the location of servers was an afterthought, says Jonathan Koomey, a consulting professor of environmental engineering at Stanford University. Most sat in cupboards or under desks. The computers in corporate data centres were often housed in the firm's basement. And dedicated “server farms”, which came of age during the dotcom bubble and often housed the machines of internet start-ups, were mostly built in Silicon Valley and other high-tech hubs.
The geography of the cloud
Now this haphazard landscape is becoming more centralised. Companies have been packing ever more machines into data centres, both to increase their computing capacity and to comply with new data-retention rules. As space gets tight and energy costs climb, many firms have begun consolidating and simplifying their computing infrastructure. Hewlett-Packard, the world's biggest computer-maker, for instance, is replacing its 85 data centres across the world with just six in America.
Internet firms, meanwhile, need ever larger amounts of computing power. Google is said to operate a global network of about three dozen data centres with, according to some estimates, more than 1m servers. To catch up, Microsoft is investing billions of dollars and adding up to 20,000 servers a month.
As servers become more numerous, powerful and densely packed, more energy is needed to keep the data centres at room temperature. Often just as much power is needed for cooling as for computing. The largest data centres now rival aluminium smelters in the energy they consume. Microsoft's $500m new facility near Chicago, for instance, will need three electrical substations with a total capacity of 198 megawatts. As a result, finding a site for a large data centre is now, above all, about securing a cheap and reliable source of power, says Rich Miller of Data Center Knowledge, a website that chronicles the boom in data-centre construction.
The availability of cheap power is mainly why there are so many data centres in Quincy. It is close to the Columbia River, with dams that produce plenty of cheap hydroelectric power. There is water for cooling, fast fibre-optic links, and the remoteness provides security. For similar reasons, Google chose to build a new data centre at The Dalles, a hamlet across the Columbia River in the state of Oregon.
Such sites are in short supply in America, however. And with demand for computing picking up in other parts of the world, the boom in data-centre construction is spreading to unexpected places. Microsoft is looking for a site in Siberia where its data can chill. Iceland has begun to market itself as a prime location for data centres, again for the cool climate, but also because of its abundant geothermal energy. Hitachi Data Systems and Data Islandia, a local company, are planning to build a huge data-storage facility (pictured at top of article). It will be underground, for security and to protect the natural landscape.
So will all data centres end up in remote places like Quincy or Iceland? Not necessarily. For many applications, speed is of the essence. To make sure that its web-search results show up almost instantly, Google has to distribute its data centres around the world. Financial-services firms want to have access to trading data in real time, which explains the high density of data centres near New York and London. And fast-moving online games must be hosted near their players.
Even when speed does not matter, many firms want their servers close by, says Mike Foust, the boss of Digital Realty Trust, which builds and rents out data centres. Sometimes this is for maintenance; sometimes it is because “server huggers” do not want to let go. Security also counts. The Boyd Company, which advises companies about where to put their data centres, thinks more should be built in the provinces. Demand for secure locations for back-up centres, which many firms now have to maintain, will give rise to huge regional data centres, such as the one being built in Newport in Wales.
The criteria that companies use to pick a site keep evolving, says Mike Manos, Microsoft's director of data centres. His team feeds 35 sets of data into an electronic “heat” map of the world. With colours that range from green to red, it shows where conditions are favourable and which places should be avoided. And Microsoft needs a lot of choice: if a new service suddenly becomes popular, it needs to be able to increase computing capacity quickly. That is also why it uses shipping containers pre-loaded with up to 2,000 servers, which can be up and running within hours. In the firm's Chicago data centre, over 200 such containers will populate an entire floor.
Yet it will not just be market economics that determines the shape of the clouds. Local governments give tax breaks in the hope that the presence of big data centres will attract other businesses (the computing plants themselves usually employ only a few dozen people). Regulation is a factor, too. SWIFT, a bank-transfer consortium, has announced plans to build a data centre in neutral Switzerland, so that data collected in Europe will not be stored in an American facility, where it could be subpoenaed by the United States government.
In future the geography of the cloud is likely to get even more complex. “Virtualisation” technology already allows the software running on individual servers to be moved from one data centre to another, mainly for back-up reasons. One day soon, these “virtual machines” may migrate to wherever computing power is cheapest, or energy is greenest. Then computing will have become a true utility—and it will no longer be apt to talk of computing clouds, so much as of a computing atmosphere.
How to Start A Beekeeping Business-Using Common Sense
Due to declining colony numbers, honey bees are big news. Even non-beekeepers are aware of the plight of the honey bee. And, people want to help. The result of this media attention is many people wanting to start a beekeeping business.
If you are prepared for hard work, beekeeping can be a viable business. Of course, there are risks associated with beekeeping for business purposes. This is true for the small scale beekeeper or a commercial beekeeper with thousands of hives.
Okay, now you have been bitten by the beekeeping bug! You want a few hives and you want to make some money too! It is possible to have your own beekeeping business and make a profit-but it will not happen over night.
How much money you make will depend on how much time and money you are willing to invest and your local economy. And it may require just a bit of luck as well, beekeeping as a business has it's ups and downs.
Starting A Beekeeping Business is Farming
When you start a beekeeping business, you are starting a farm. Your livestock lives in hives not a barn. When they go out to forage, they are free flying and not contained within fencing. So you can easily see how it is difficult to keep your bee livestock safe and under control.
And like all farming, beekeeping can be risky. You will be subject to weather extremes and you will have colonies die. And, you will have some colonies that do not produce honey every year. This could be the result of poor management on your part or other problems that could not be prevented.
Proper planning is vital to success. This includes planning your expenses and work plan for the year and then tracking how things went. Make note of what works and what does not – it's okay to make mistakes but try to avoid repeating them over and over.
Mead Organizher Expense Tracker, Budget Planner, Bill Organizer, 8-1/2
If you plan to approach your beekeeping endeavor as a business, you should maintain good records. The best way I have found to do this is with a dedicated expense book.
Expenses (equipment for yourself and the bees) and hopefully income amounts accumulate quickly. Transactions that you were sure you could remember are forgotten. A good record of approved business expenses is important.
How to Make a Beekeeping Business Profitable
Many people approach beekeeping as a hobby and maybe they will sell a few jars of honey to offset costs. But if you intend to make a profit, you must consider what you will be selling.
What type of products/services will you sell/provide? Will you just sell honey? That's fine but maybe you can diversify.
Maximize every aspect of beekeeping that you can. Little streams of income will add up over a season. Having different products increases your volume of sales by appealing to a more diverse group of consumers.
Honey is a popular income producing product for small-scale beekeepers. Almost every beekeeper who considers themselves a business sell honey. But making a great honey crop is not something you can depend on every year.
It is important to remember the farming aspects of producing honey. Weather conditions such as : too much rain, too little rain, late frosts or high winds affect the amount of honey that a colony of bees can produce.
When selling honey as a part of your beekeeping business, what you are able to charge will depend somewhat on the average price of honey in your region. But don't give your honey away for dirt cheap prices. You deserve fair market value for your hard work.
What about selling extra bees ? Many beekeepers produce income from selling bees, beekeeping equipment or offering pollination services. Some even rent out hives for the season to people who want beehives on their property but are not interested in managing the hives themselves.
Beeswax is another product you can sell. Beekeepers will have wax left over from honey harvesting. The wax can be sold raw or excess beeswax can be made into beeswax candles to sell.
Examine your goals before you start a beekeeping business for yourself. You made decide to specialize on only 1 aspect of beekeeping or perhaps who will diversify and do a little of each.
Honey Bee Business Regulations
Do you need a business license or product liability insurance? Maybe. You may also need to collect and pay sales tax. Again, each state is different.
10ft x 10ft Outdoor Pop up Portable Shade Folding Canopy
If you have any thoughts of selling honey at events, you will need a pop-up tent. Don't buy the cheapest one you find. Read the reviews and choose a sturdy model – the really cheap shade tents are so easy to damage. It's worth the effort to pay a few dollars more.
When I was attending area festivals, I purchased a metal cash box. I wrote down the amount of cash inside (to make change) and at the end of the day I counted the total. This helped me keep track of how much I sold. I would then pay the sales tax out of my profits.
That was much easier than trying to handle pennies at an event. Contact your state officials to find out the regulations that apply in your area.
Some states require registration of each bee hive and permits for moving bees across state lines. Check with your state agriculture department before you start a beekeeping business. They can help you understand any requirements related to the selling of honey or bees.
Does your neighborhood allow bee hives? Be sensible. Having 50 hives on a ½ acre lot is not a good idea. Bees will swarm. Trust me, a few thousand bees hanging in a bush can cause quite a bit of excitement.
Good hive management and swarm prevention techniques are vital if you live in a populous area. Minimize problems by finding the best location for your beehives.
Connect with Local Beekeepers
All beekeeping has a local component. Connect with beekeepers in your area to learn important climate information. They can tell you about local forage plants, bloom time and average yield for a colony.
The bees themselves don't vary much within a region but local weather conditions have a great effect on honey production. Not every area is good for bees.
Be kind in your business dealings. Some beekeepers will be afraid that you will try to take their customers. Don't. Do your own thing.
Managing a Beekeeping Business Has a Learning Curve
The art of beekeeping has changed a lot in the last 30 years. Educate yourself about honey bee management before getting that first hive. Plan to spend a couple of years learning before you seriously try to “be a business”.
Education is an important aspect of being a good beekeeper. Take several beekeeping classes, free and paid. You can learn something different from each source.
Search out local beekeeping classes given for free or low cost by beekeeping associations . My online beekeeping courses are great for beginners.
Buy several good beekeeping books -maybe mine too ! . Attend local beekeeper meetings. A big part of becoming a beekeeper is preparation.
Plan to Order Bees for Your Business Early
Order your equipment early. You will want to have your beehive in place several weeks before bees arrive.
If you are getting started with bees, how many hives do you need? I suggest new beekeepers begin with 2 hives – 4 is okay if you have a lot of free time.
Please don't start a beekeeping business with 20 hives your first year. You need time to learn, make mistakes and get a feel for the bees.
When you get to the point of being an actual honey bee business, you may still need to order a few packages of bees each Spring. This is to replenish hives that are lost over the Winter. Not all bee colonies make it to Spring and those empty boxes will need filled.
Buying Honey Bees for Your Beekeeping Business
You have decided to start with just a few hives? Great. Now, you need bees to go in them. Buying bees is easy to do if you plan ahead. Most bee suppliers begin taking orders in November or January for Spring delivery.
If you want Spring bees, order them during Winter. There are several ways to buy honey bees, check out my linked post.
Processing Honey for Sale
It makes take a couple of years before you have much honey for sale. But a big part of developing a beekeeping business, or any other business, is planning ahead.
When you start a beekeeping business for honey sales, there will come a time for harvest. How will you harvest your honey?
If you plan to sell honey, you will want to use an extractor. An economical extractor can be purchased for the beekeeper with less than 10 hives. As your business grows, so will your needs.
Honey Extractors hold their value well. When it is time to upgrade, you can sell the smaller one. Extractors for your beekeeping business come in many sizes styles and prices.
A local supplier for jars and lids is needed. Canning jars are okay but labels look better on a jar with no raised lettering.
You can order jars online or obtain them from local glass companies but they may require you to buy a large amount.
Honey Keeper 4 Four Frame Stainless Steel Honey Extractor
If I wanted to start a beekeeping business anew, I would purchase an extractor like this one. The cost is not too bad. It has good reviews for the price point and holds several frames at a time.
If you have more than 4 hives, I would go for a power model. However, this is a good starter level extractor and you can sell it for a fair price when you are ready to upgrade.
Honey Beekeeping Businesses Selling Food Products
Most states have specific requirements for honey jar labels. Regulations pertaining the the exact information that must be included on the label. Some states even regulate the size of the lettering.
We must remember that when selling honey, we are selling food for human consumption. This is the reason for regulation from state officials. Some states will have cottage laws that exempt beekeepers from many restrictions.
Check with your state agricultural department to ensure that you are following the law. Print your own honey labels or buy labels ready to use.
Always include your name and phone number so your customers can reach you easily. You want them to buy more honey, right?
I used to keep a small journal with the names of my honey customers and their mailing address or email. Then when a new crop of fresh honey was harvested, I could let them know!
Promote Your Hive Products
Talk up what you are doing. Tell friends, neighbors, co-workers and others about your products. Check out the local price for honey. Bottle your honey in different jar types and sizes.
Don't under price your premium honey. You and your bees worked hard. Your goal to start a beekeeping business will fail if you don't make a profit.
Honey production varies from year to year. Adjust your jar size and cost to reflect local demand. Either sell your honey for a fair profitable price or give it away.
Be aware friends and family will ask for discounts. Be careful going down that road. Once you give it away or sell it really cheap, others want the same deal. Is this a hobby or a business?
Expand Your Beekeeping Business Slowly
Honey producers sell other hive products as a part of their business. Your beeswax cappings can be turned in lovely, beeswax candles. This value added product provides additional income. Lip balms are another popular product.
I make both beeswax candles and lip balm from my extra beeswax. Believe it or not, not everyone likes honey. Providing other products brings in another stream of income.
Fortunately, beeswax has so many uses that it is easy to make additional products to sell from wax. Some customers will want to buy raw beeswax for their own projects.
Take it easy-Don't Try to Do Everything the First Couple of Years
The best advice on how to start a beekeeping business is gone slow. Don't grow your hive numbers too fast. Honey bee colonies can fail quickly without proper management.
Learn how to be a good beekeeper first. Then you are ready to be a good beekeeping business owner.
Beekeeper Charlotte
this post has been updated with beekeeping awesomeness..
Marketing is Key – Make your items Stand out
Mann Lake 250 Count Golden Honeybee Skep Label, Mann Lake Clear Squeeze Bottle with Lid, 12-Ounce, 24-Pack Tamper Proof Honey Labels (Roll of 500) (yellow w/text)
Signal comes as new round of negotiations on Tehran's nuclear programme gets under way in Moscow
The EU has said it has no plans to postpone its imminent oil embargo on Iran as a new round of negotiations on Tehran's nuclear programme gets under way in Moscow.
The talks started at 11am Moscow time (8am BST) with a plenary meeting between an Iranian delegation led by Saeed Jalili, the secretary of Iran's Supreme National Security Council, and a six-nation group of negotiators from the US, UK, France, Germany, Russia and China.
A spokesman for Catherine Ashton, the EU foreign policy chief who acts as convenor for the group, said it expected the Iranians to maintain a solid negotiating position.
The spokesman, Michael Mann, said: "As far as we are concerned, we have put forward a concrete set of proposals; the Iranians have raised a set of ideas and issues.
"Mr Jalili said on the phone last week that he was prepared to seriously engage with our proposals, so we want to hear what he says. We have to move forward at these talks … There is no point in having talks for talks' sake."
At the last round of negotiations, last month in Baghdad, the six powers proposed a deal under which Iran would stop the production of 20%-enriched uranium, a particular proliferation concern, ship at least some of its 20% uranium stockpile out of the country, and halt operations at its underground enrichment plant Fordow. In return, it would get fabricated uranium fuel plates for a medical research reactor, help with nuclear safety, and spare parts for its commercial fleet of airliners.
Jalili did not respond to the proposal, but Iranian officials briefed journalists that the package was unacceptable. There had been reports in Washington that the US wanted to try negotiating a comprehensive agreement in Moscow rather than piecemeal confidence-building measures, but Mann said the six-nation offer was unchanged.
"What is on the table here is what was on at Baghdad," he said, adding that the EU was not offering to postpone its oil embargo, which is due to take effect on 1 July. "It is a piece of law, agreed by all 27 members of the European Union."
However, he added that if the talks gathered momentum, there could be reciprocal steps that could match further concessions by each side.
Arriving at the talks, the Russian negotiator on the six-nation group, deputy foreign minister Sergei Ryabkov, repeated Moscow's longstanding opposition to unilateral sanctions, but he also stressed the need for Iran to set out concrete proposals on its 20% enrichment and on the Fordow plant.
Tehran's Press TV quoted Jalili as urging the west "to respect Tehran's nuclear rights in order for the Moscow meeting to succeed". The remark is a reference to Iran's longstanding demand that the international community recognise its right to enrich uranium in principle.
Mann said the right to enrich uranium was not specifically mentioned in the Non-Proliferation Treaty, and that the UN security council has passed several resolutions calling on Iran to suspend enrichment until it has assured the international community of its peaceful intentions.
The already modest expectations for the Moscow talks were lowered further when Iranian diplomats arrived criticising preparations for the negotiations, saying that the six-nation group had "wasted a month" since the Baghdad round. Tehran had wanted preliminary technical meetings to agree an agenda, but Ashton's office insisted there had been enough discussion about the process and preferred to talk only about the substance of a deal.
A breakdown in the talks would make military action by Israel more likely, but western officials said they were not prepared to continue unless Iran showed a real willingness to bargain over its enrichment programme.
The list of Super NES enhancement chips demonstrates the overall design plan for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System, whereby the console's hardware designers had made it easy to interface special coprocessor chips to the console. This standardized selection of chips was available to increase system performance and features for each game cartridge. As increasingly superior chips became available throughout the SNES's retail market years, this strategy originally provided a cheaper and more versatile way of maintaining the system's market lifespan when compared to Nintendo's option of having included a much more expensive CPU or a more obsolete stock chipset.
As a result, various enhancement chips were integrated into the cartridges of select game titles. The presence of an enhancement chip is most often indicated by 16 additional pins on either side of the original pins, 8 to each side.[1]
Super FX [ edit ]
Star Fox Super FX-rendered 3D polygon graphics in the SNES game
The Super FX chip is a 16-bit supplemental RISC CPU developed by Argonaut Games that was included in certain game cartridges to perform functions that the main CPU can not feasibly do.[2] It is typically programmed to act as a graphics accelerator chip that draws polygons to a frame buffer in the RAM sitting adjacent to it.
In addition to rendering polygons, the chip is also used to assist the SNES in rendering advanced 2D effects. Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island uses it for advanced graphics effects like sprite scaling and stretching, 3D objects on screen, huge sprites that allow for boss characters to take up the whole screen, and multiple foreground and background parallax layers to give a greater illusion of depth.
This chip went through at least four revisions, first starting out as a surface mounted chip labeled "MARIO CHIP 1" (Mathematical, Argonaut, Rotation & I/O) in the earliest Star Fox cartridges, commonly called the Super FX. The following year, some boards were providing an epoxy version of it, and later a first revision came out under the label "GSU-1". Both versions are clocked with a 21 MHz signal, but an internal clock speed divider halves it to 10.5 MHz on the MARIO CHIP 1. The GSU-1 however runs at the full 21 MHz. Both the MARIO CHIP 1 and the GSU-1 can support a maximum ROM size of 8 Mbits. Later on, the design was revised to become the GSU-2, which is still 16-bit, but unlike the earlier Super FX chips, this version can support a ROM size greater than 8 MBit. The final known revision is the GSU-2-SP1. All versions of the Super FX chip are functionally compatible in terms of their instruction set. The differences arise in how they are packaged, their pinout, their maximum supported ROM size, and their internal clock speed.[3]
Variants of the Super FX chip sorted chronologically
Cx4 [ edit ]
The Cx4 chip is a math coprocessor that was used by Capcom and produced by Hitachi (now Renesas) to perform general trigonometric calculations for wireframe effects, sprite positioning and rotation. It is known for its role in mapping and transforming wireframes in Capcom's second and third Mega Man X series games.[2] It is based on the Hitachi HG51B169 DSP.
CX4 wireframe test screen
A Cx4 self-test screen can be accessed by holding the 'B' button on the second controller upon system start-up in both Mega Man X2 and Mega Man X3.[4] In both the PlayStation 2 and Nintendo GameCube versions of Mega Man X Collection, this self-test screen is still accessible in Mega Man X2 (although differently accessed due to the remapped controller configuration), but not in Mega Man X3, because Mega Man X Collection features the 32-bit CD version of the game and not the SNES version.
DSP [ edit ]
This series of fixed-point digital signal processor chips allowed for fast vector-based calculations, bitmap conversions, both 2D and 3D coordinate transformations, and other functions.[5] Four revisions of the chip exist, each physically identical but with different microcode. The DSP-1 version, including the later 1A die shrink and 1B bug fix revisions, was most often used; the DSP-2, DSP-3, and DSP-4 were used in only one title each.[6] All of them are based on the NEC µPD77C25 CPU.
The DSP-1 is the most varied and widely used of the SNES DSPs, appearing in over 15 separate titles. It is used as a math coprocessor in games such as Super Mario Kart and Pilotwings that require more advanced Mode 7 scaling and rotation. It also provides fast support for the floating point and trigonometric calculations needed by 3D math algorithms. The later DSP-1A and DSP-1B serve the same purpose as the DSP-1. The DSP-1A is a die shrink of the DSP-1, and the DSP-1B also corrects several bugs.[7]
The DSP-2 can only be found in the SNES port of Dungeon Master. Its primary purpose is to convert Atari ST bitmap image data into the SNES bitplane format. It also provides dynamic scaling capability and transparency effects.
DSP-3 is an assistant chip, used in only one game for the Japanese Super Famicom, a turn-based strategy game titled SD Gundam GX. The chip assists with tasks like calculating the next AI move, Shannon-Fano bitstream decompression, and bitplane conversion of graphics.
DSP-4 is used in only one game cartridge, Top Gear 3000. It primarily assists with drawing the race track, especially during the times that the track branches into multiple paths.
Sharp LR35902 [ edit ]
The hardware inside the Super Game Boy peripheral include a Sharp LR35902[8][9] core identical to the CPU in the handheld Game Boy[10]. Because the Super NES is not powerful enough for software emulation of the Game Boy, the hardware for the entire handheld is inside of the cartridge.[11]
MX15001TFC [ edit ]
This chip was made by MegaChips exclusively for Nintendo Power cartridges for the Super Famicom. The cartridges are equipped with flash ROMs instead of mask ROMs, and were designed to hold games downloaded for a fee from specialized kiosks in Japan. The chip manages communication with the kiosks to download ROM images, and provides an initial menu to select which of the downloaded games would be played. Some titles were produced both in cartridge and download form, while others were downloaded only. The service was closed on February 8, 2007.[12]
OBC-1 is a sprite manipulation chip used exclusively in the Super Scope game Metal Combat: Falcon's Revenge, the sequel to Battle Clash.[2]
The S-DD1 chip is an ASIC decompressor made by Nintendo for use in some Super Nintendo Entertainment System Game Paks.[2] Designed to handle data compressed by ABS Lossless Entropy Algorithm, a form of arithmetic coding developed by Ricoh, its use is necessary in games where massive amounts of sprite data are compressed with a total design limit of 32-megabits. This data is decompressed dynamically by the S-DD1 and given directly to the picture processing unit.
The S-DD1 mediates between the Super NES's Ricoh 5A22 CPU and the game's ROM via two buses. However, the controlling 5A22 processor may still request normal, uncompressed data from the game's ROM even if the S-DD1 is already busy with a decompression operation. This form of parallelism allows sprite data to be decompressed while other types of data are quickly passed to the main CPU.
Star Ocean and Street Fighter Alpha 2 are the only games that use this chip. Emulation of the S-DD1 initially proved to be difficult, requiring "graphics packs" to be provided for the affected titles, until the compression algorithm was identified.[13][14]
S-RTC is a real-time clock chip used in one game, Daikaijuu Monogatari II.[2]
SA1 [ edit ]
SA1 chip
The Super Accelerator 1 (SA1) chip is used in 34 SNES games, including the popular Super Mario RPG: Legend of the Seven Stars.[15]
Similar to the 5A22 CPU in the SNES console, the SA1 contains a processor core based on the 65C816 with several programmable timers.[2] The SA1 does not function as a slave CPU for the 5A22; both can interrupt each other independently.
The SA1 also features a range of enhancements over the standard 65C816:
10.74 MHz clock speed, compared to the 5A22's maximum of 3.58 MHz
Faster RAM, including 2KBytes of internal RAM
Memory mapping capabilities
Limited data storage and compression
New DMA modes such as bitmap to bit plane transfer
Arithmetic functions (multiplication, division, and cumulative)
Hardware timer (either as a linear 18-bit timer, or synchronised with the PPU to generate an IRQ at a specific H/V scanline location)
Built-in CIC lockout, for copy protection and regional marketing control
SPC7110 [ edit ]
A data decompression chip designed by Epson, used in three games by Hudson. Tengai Makyou Zero also contains a real-time clock chip accessed via the SPC7110.[2]
ST [ edit ]
The ST series of chips are used by SETA Corporation to enhance AI functionality.
ST010 [ edit ]
Used for general functions and handling the AI of opponent cars in F1 ROC II: Race of Champions. Contains a NEC µPD96050 CPU.[7][16]
ST011 [ edit ]
ST011 is used for AI functionality in the shogi board game Hayazashi Nidan Morita Shogi. It also uses a NEC µPD96050.[11]
ST018 [ edit ]
ST018 is used for AI functionality in Hayazashi Nidan Morita Shogi 2. It is a 21.47 MHz, 32-bit ARMv3 processor.[7]
List of Super NES games that use enhancement chips [ edit ]
^ On cartridges with DSP-1B installed, the plane in attract mode will crash.
This list in ODS[19]
Cancelled games [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Yesterday Amazon added Instant Videos to its Amazon Prime service, giving members the ability to stream over 5,000 movie and TV show titles. Hot on the heels of that story, today Netflix worked out a deal to stream a big portion of the CBS library of TV shows on its service. Looking at what the two developments involve, you'll notice a similar pattern: in both cases, the vast majority of the content is very old.
The news about video coming to Amazon Prime was initially exciting since the service (which most people had probably dismissed because it really only offered getting your Amazon junk delivered a day or two sooner) costs less per month than Netflix, and even Hulu Plus. Now people have a reason to give Amazon Prime a second look.
If you do, though, you'll wonder why you bothered. As exciting as it may be to have another video-streaming service to subscribe to, Amazon Prime Instant Videos suffer from the same problem as other subscription-based video services: selection, or rather the lack thereof.
First of all, the offerings on Prime Instant Videos are a mere subset of what's on tap from Amazon. If you own one of the over 200 devices (TVs, Blu-ray players, and set-top boxes) that can access the Amazon video widget, you probably already know that you can watch movies and even recent episodes from many TV series—in HD—from the service (for an la carte fee, of course). In total, Amazon offers 90,000 titles for streaming, according to a rep, which makes the 5,000 Prime videos feel not-so-prime.
Then there's the issue of what Amazon considers a "title." It turns out every single episode of a TV series counts as a title. So looking at, say, "24," which had eight seasons with 24 episodes each, that counts as 192 titles. When you start racking up whole TV seasons, you hit the 5,000 mark pretty quickly.
Finally, which titles are actually on offer? A cursory look shows movies like Risky Business, Best in Show, The Mask, Starman, Roger & Me, and Enter the Dragon. And those are just the recognizable ones—mining even further there are plenty of unknown straight-to-video flicks there, too. For TV, Amazon features "Doctor Who" Season 4, "Farscape" Season 1 (nice to know they're nerds, too), and "Nova." Titles from the past two years (movie or TV) are few. It seems Amazon equates Prime members with people who wandered aimlessly into a video store on a whim. A market, surely, but hardly a "prime" one.
I'm sort of singling out Amazon a little too much here. Even putting the CBS deal aside, if you browse the titles that Netflix offers for streaming, you'll find that many of the movies and TV shows from the last couple of years—the ones you probably really want to watch—are available only on disc.
All of these serves to underscore the weakness of the video-streaming model. While technology has improved greatly in the last few years—an HD episode of "24" that I streamed recently from Amazon looked good and crisp and didn't have any buffering problems—the selection of media you get via subscription hasn't. Hulu is kind of the exception that proves the rule, but its offerings have been curtailed since its launch in 2008—savagely, if you look at what's available on devices outside of PCs.
Will we ever see a video subscription service that actually serves up recent, top-quality titles? Maybe, though studios would want you to pay for the privilege, and my guess would be the bill would end up somewhere in the neighborhood of what your monthly cable bill costs (just for TV, not you voice or Internet). To make room for such premium content, I could see services like Amazon offering a different "tier" for the better selection of titles ("Prime" and "Really Prime"?).
And there lies the problem. Once a monthly subscription rate goes above about $15 a month, it just starts to look too damn high, no matter what's on offer. Presumably the bean counters in Hollywood have done that math, too, and have concluded that they the la carte model makes them more money.
But we could both be wrong. Maybe the volume of customers would make the model sustainable at somewhere close to $15. My advice to any intrepid studios mulling a subscription model that includes recent titles: don't knock it till you try it.
For the top stories in tech, follow us on Twitter at @PCMag.
If the typical beach vacation – the one where you spend several days on the beach reading bad fiction and soaking up sun – has lost its allure, Ukraine would like to make a suggestion: come soak up radiation and some real human drama at Chernobyl, the site of the worst nuclear disaster in history. Starting in 2011, the Chernobyl nuclear power plant site and the surrounding "exclusion zone" will be opened to tourists for the first time since the plant's reactor No. 4 exploded on April 26, 1986, blanketing the area in radiation.
The Chernobyl disaster, for those who aren't old enough to have watched it unfold, left a large part of northern Europe under some degree of radiation threat. The worst-hit areas, of course, were the ones closest to the reactor itself; a 30-mile radius around the site was declared an "exclusion zone" and was evacuated and sealed off. All visits to the area were prohibited, and is access granted solely to a small maintenance crew of about 2,500 that work in shifts to maintain the site.
But Ukraine is now developing safe routes that it plans to open to tourists, offering them a firsthand look at one of the greatest man-made disasters of the nuclear age. The U.N. Development Program seems to be on board, saying it could be a great opportunity for Ukraine to raise some money while driving home an important lesson about nuclear safety.
Ostensibly included in the tour would be a view of the new containment dome that Ukraine hopes to have completed at the site by 2015. The original concrete dome, quickly erected over the reactor shortly after the disaster, is failing structurally and threatening to collapse. The new dome will be a site to see in and of itself: 345 tall, 853 feet wide and 490 feet long, weighing some 20,000 tons and costing more than $1.1 billion.
There's no set date for when the site will begin receiving tourists, but in the meantime you can always visit Chernobyl via Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare, but remember to stay low and preferably in the shadows.
AP
Two years ago. It was September and we wanted to tell another story. Or we'd better say a fairy tale, a legend? Let's take it from afar.
Hic sunt leones – literally “here are the lions” – the Romans were saying in reference to the mysterious and unknown African continent. This old saying became common for all the unexplored parts of the empire. That was exactly what we were looking for: leones. We felt excited by the idea of exploring an uncharted territory in search of new wild beasts to tame and Gallichon, Crumhorn or Theorbo were just some of the fearsome predators we were eager to face.
We had heard about La Rossignol, a group of italian players specialized in Renaissance Music. After a brief research and some phone calls we managed to meet Domenico, the chief organizer of the ensemble and one of its lutists.
In our preliminary mindset, Renaissance Music players were still living with ruff between the drapes, pontificating on philosophical subjects at the candlelight. Therefore, we were quite surprised – but somewhat disappointed – to find out that even Domenico was looking for a good Sample Library to make his… Renaissance mock-ups! Further, we found that his “chase” was more than reasonable, since just few of the vast Renaissance repertoire has been sampled and mock-ups may prove to be a valuable tool to give new life to virgin scores as well as for unspoiled scores of Virginal.
Jokes aside, we managed to involve Domenico and La Rossignol in our project. Still, we were missing some instrument. Cornetto, Gallichon, Dulciana are hard beasts to tame. They live holed up in the mountains or deeply hidden in the sea, and good tamer are in great demand. At that time we had almost started to think that the real leones were, more than the instruments themselves, their players! It took several weeks to find out and engage the right people, but finally we had in our battallion some of the most dauntless and valiant warlord of our county: Lord Cantalupi of the family of the Wolvesinger and Count Mandonico of the family of the Cornets.
In those days we wanted to gather the most accurate information about the instruments we were going to sample but the players of La Rossignol live scattered from Bologna to Milano. Long story short, we found ourselves traveling the region far and wide to meet them, but those days of collective planning, meetings and sandwiches turned out to be one of the coolest things for the project.
Meeting different people with different approaches stimulated us to think more precisely not only the interface or the behaviour of the virtual instruments we wanted to build up, but, more than anything else, the frame, the general idea, the inner sound of Rinascimento we wanted to shape from scratch.
This was, in the end, the most difficult – and somehow ironical – challenge: to give new life to age-old vibrations that has to be played in a present context!
.
.
…Once upon a time there was an ancient, warm vibration imprisoned in the wood…
In late July while Israel's 50-day offensive Operation Protective Edge was in its final weeks, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's right-hand man met with a group of journalists in Jerusalem. Tensions were at a peak; the ground invasion had just ended and the air campaign was at an unstable pause. The Israeli Minister of Intelligence Yuval Steinitz was about to give the first political strategy briefing on what the Jewish state would want for the future of Gaza, what it would go on to lobby for in truce talks once reconvened in Cairo.
Meanwhile in another part of the Middle East, ISIS carried out its first public decapitations that grabbed Western headlines– they killed over 50 Syrian soldiers and mounted their heads in a town square. Gaza and Israel were overshadowed by the Islamic group that had declared a new caliphate.
Back in Jerusalem on that July afternoon the Steinitz made the case for the de-militarization of Gaza and to strategically turn the besieged coastal strip “into Ramallah.” It would have been a blockbuster announcement, if not for ISIS. For years the Israeli-Palestinian conflict had centered around the status of the West Bank, but over the summer it became clear that Gaza was going to dictate the future of Israeli-Palestinian relations, and either shore up or break Palestinian national unity.
Steinitz continued that weapons were still in the hands of Hamas, the root of the current strife, and removing those weapons was a “precondition for any serious relief” to the Gaza Strip. “You cancel the terror threat, the rocket threat from Gaza on Israeli citizens and you can cancel the restrictions so the so-called siege on Gaza,” he said.
Steinitz debuted the Israeli government's most powerful argument for de-legitimization of Hamas: the ISIS comparison.
Breaking News“It's the same organization and it's the same aim,” said Steinitz. He then turned the platform over to another Israeli government official to present a PowerPoint presentation of “a short comparison between Hamas and other Sunni Islamic terrorist organization,” noting, “It is one family of different organizations.” Then, fumbles over technical difficulties and swallowed laughter from the foreign press corps as the purpose for this meeting became clear: the West v. ISIS.
“The final goals are similar, to make an Islamic hegemony, not just in Israel, Iraq or Syria. But all over the world,” said Steinitz as the lights lowered and the slides were cued up. Yet as Jonathan Cook reviewed earlier this month, Hamas does not, never has, and likely never will call for Islamic hegemony. Christian Palestinians who live in Gaza endure the same life quality as their Muslim counterparts under the authoritarian and elected government of Hamas. There was no great purge of Christians—as ISIS is carrying out—when Hamas came to power in 2006, and no Christians have ever been asked to pay jiziya, a special tax dating to the Ottoman era where non-Muslims would be taxed in order to be exempt from military duty– a tax ISIS briefly implemented. If Christian Palestinians chose to do so, they can even fight in Hamas's armed wing. In short, they have the same status as Muslim Palestinians. And it has to be stated that whatever torment Hamas has inflicted by policing the Palestinians in Gaza with an iron fist, it pales in comparison to the broad scale poverty inflicted by eight years of siege and erasure of entire towns during Protective Edge.
An opening image in the PowerPoint displayed Hamas's political bureau leader Khaled Meshal with a child of no more than five years wearing a green Hamas headband, with green flags. The adjacent image was of a child decorated in the black flag used by all Salafi Islamic groups, including ISIS. But in the Palestinian context, there is no love for ISIS. Though local Salafi group called Hizb-ut-Tahrir has sported the black flag for the past decade when calling for the return of the caliphate, Hizb-ut Tharir's dissidence is aimed at the Palestinian Authority. One protest was held outside of an equal opportunity job office, another called for unity between Hamas and Fatah. And last spring they raised their flags against America, chanting “No, no Obama!”—and as I photographed the event the Palestinian protesters kindly greeted me explaining they like the American people, just not the government. It was clear then, as now, that Palestinian groups, even Salafis, are more concerned with the policies that dictate their lives under Israeli occupation than the esoteric call for a global caliphate. Moreover, Hamas and the Palestinian Authority have both cracked down on Salafi groups as they represent a row over domestic power.
And herein lies a major failing of the Hamas-ISIS comparison. If Salafis have been around in the West Bank calling to re-make the caliphate for nearly a decade, why is it that Hamas is suddenly being compared to ISIS? During the PowerPoint, the Israeli official said, “We chose them [ISIS] because they are also in the news these days.”
“Hamas, ISIS, al-Qadea,” were all listed in a spreadsheet projected onto a white screen, as groups having a “global outlook” calling for the “establishment of a global caliphate.”
Boko Haram, though also cited, had no “global outlook.”
Next the Hamas Charter appeared on screen quoted as, “The enemies have been scheming for a long time…they also used the money to establish clandestine organizations which are spreading around the world…such organizations are the Freemasons, Rotary Clubs, Lions Clubs, B'naith B'rith and the Like…they stood behind WWI so as to wipe out the Islamic Caliphate…”
But Hamas was not advocating for a return of the caliphate. When Hamas referenced the caliphate, that had more to due with seeing Israel as the next in a series of foreign rulers than wanting to turn the clock back in time. Western intervention into the Middle East during World War I ended in formal European colonization of the region. As the treaty of Versailles was inked, the borders of every country in the region were drawn by Europe, except for Iran and Turkey (Iran's independence was compromised by deep economic imperialism from the U.S. and the USSR and Turkey went fascist, hardly leaving the region free and independent.)
Even in its contradictory statements on establishing a state, Hamas has never advocated for boundaries beyond the June 1967 lines, or in all of historic Palestine (occupied Palestinian territory and Israel minus the Golan). They do retain leverage in negotiations with Israel by not recognizing Israel, but that's a far cry from wanting to take over the world. Hamas also has an “open door” policy of meeting with Western diplomats, as noted by Cata Charrett in her researched backgrounder on the group.
Within days of Minister Steinitz's resounding pound against Hamas as comparable to the most violent Sunni Islamist group to date, Netanyahu parroted his remarks, calling Hamas and ISIS both “branches of the same poison tree.” From then on, ISIS and Hamas were echoed as evil equals. When US congressmen Elliot Engel and Ed Royce visited Netanyahu at the beginning of September, Netanyahu told them, “We're fighting not just Israel's war, but I think a common battle against enemies of mankind – Hamas, Hezbollah, al-Qaeda, ISIS.” In turn the Engel said, “we in the United States in a bipartisan way certainly agree with that assessment,” promising to lobby the U.S. foreign affairs committee on behalf of Israel.
In August days after journalist James Foley was gruesomely beheaded on camera by ISIS, the Israeli government again reached out to journalists emailing a “background document,” because, “over the past few days, the issue of the similarities between the Hamas and ISIS terrorist organizations has been in the headlines.”
I'm including the full factsheet entitled “Operation Protective Edge – Similarities between Hamas and ISIS – Background Doc.” There's the usual brainwashed children, women's rights material, but the poetry is in the framing of international law:
25 August 2014 MFA: Similarities between Hamas and ISIS: Background Document Over the past few days, the issue of the similarities between the Hamas and ISIS terrorist organizations has been in the headlines. The following points demonstrate the similarities between the two organizations: Worldview and Aspirations 1. Both terrorist organizations share a global expansionist worldview which aspires to establish a caliphate: a Muslim regime ruled by Sharia (religious Muslim laws). 2. Both organizations are extensions of global movements of radical Islam: Hamas is an extension of the Muslim Brotherhood while ISIS is an offshoot of al-Qaeda. The Centrality of the Use of Violence 1. Both terrorist organizations view jihad (holy war) and suicide attacks as primary tools for obtaining their goals. The meaning of the name Hamas is “the Islamic Resistance Movement” (the term “resistance” is a codeword for terrorism and armed struggle). 2. Both organizations have seized territory by force: Hamas took Gaza in a coup against the Palestinian Authority in 2007 and ISIS has taken control of large parts of Iraq and Syria. 3. Both organizations imposed radical Islamic rule on the territories they captured, through the use of armed force and violence devoid of any red lines. 4. Both organizations have executed defeated opponents: Hamas murdered members of the Fatah Movement's Force 17 following its takeover of the Gaza Strip in 2007, while ISIS indiscriminately murdered Iraqi and Syrian soldiers after they surrendered. 5. Both organizations terrorize the territories they control through intimidation, threats, executions and efforts to apply the most extreme Sharia laws, including the stoning of women suspected of adultery and the execution of homosexuals. ISIS is already applying these edicts, while Hamas parliament members have prepared legislation in this spirit. 6. Both organizations educate (read: brainwash) children to sanctify death and to die as a martyr (shahid) in jihad. Intentions to Commit Genocide and Mass War Crimes 1. Both terrorist organizations strive to commit genocide against their opponents: Hamas has stated its intention to wipe Israel off the map and inscribed the killing of Jews in its charter, while ISIS commits systematic mass murder of populations in Iraq, including Christians, Yazidis and even fellow Muslims, especially Shiites. 2. Both organizations execute people who are suspected of being close to or supporting their opponents. ISIS executes all those who are suspected of sympathizing with Assad's regime in Syria or the Iraqi government, while Hamas executes Palestinian opponents as well as anyone suspected of having ties with Israel. Even the executions themselves are similar – a “drum-head court martial” in which masked people violently murder the victim in a public area with the intention of terrorizing the public.
From the time of Israel's first declaration that “Hamas is ISIS” it has concurrently conducted indirect negotiations with Hamas to come to an agreement on Gaza—hardly the treatment due to a radical jihadist group. Meanwhile, on the northern border the United Nations have decamped hundreds of peacekeepers this week as the Syrian strife neared the Golan Heights. Israel may have a scrimmage ahead with ISIS, but ISIS is not Hamas.
Stephen King's The Mist is set to induce nightmares again, this time as an ongoing television series. Yep, horror fans have a lot to celebrate about.
Deadline reports that the Stephen King novella The Mist is being developed into a TV series by Dimension Television, the small-screen division of Dimension Films that brought us the successful Scream TV series for MTV. Christian Torpe, scriptwriter of the Danish series Rita (now in its fourth season) and the critically-acclaimed 2014 drama Stille hjerte, will be doing the scripts.
Stephen King's The Mist is a horror novella released in 1980 about a small town in Maine suddenly beset by an unnatural mist where lurk a nightmarish variety of unspeakable creatures and horrors. The cast of characters is comprised of small town residents trapped inside a supermarket as the mist outside threatens to engulf everything. As the residents are picked off one by the mist's nightmarish monstrosities, dread and pressure mounts, letting loose personal demons that add to the threat already posed by the stygian horrors concealed by the mist.
The Mist was adapted into a film in 2007 by former The Walking Dead TV series showrunner, Frank Darabont. Darabont's film version was a relatively faithful adaptation of the King novella but with a different twist at the end (which Stephen approved). The film was a commercial success and received a cavalcade of positive reviews.
Dimension Television announced that the TV series will draw inspiration from both the original material written by King and Darabont's film version. TV adaptations are always tricky, even more so when the original material can be read in one sitting. Stephen King's The Mist, however, has a Lovecraftian scope and elusive depth that many other television horror shows (such as The Walking Dead) lack, providing a fertile ground for writers and producers to riff off on.
Bob Weinstein, co-chairman of The Weinstein Company and Dimension Films, says as much.
The terror and drama in Stephen King's novella are so vast that we felt serialized television is the best place to explore them in greater depth. With this show, Christian has created a fascinating band of characters and a story with infinite scares.
Stephen King, known by many as one of the most successful horror writers and novelists of all time, has had many of his books adapted into film and TV, the most notable of which are The Shining, It, Stand By Me, Pet Sematary, Firestarter, The Green Mile, and Carrie. Stephen King has published 54 novels with over 350 million copies sold.
[Photo courtesy of Dimension Films]
The UESPWiki – Your source for The Elder Scrolls since 1995
Contents
This article is a (frozen) Authored List. General editors may make technical corrections (fix links, note updated versions, solved problems), but may not change the subjective content of the list. In other words: You may fix links, note updated versions, solved problems, etc.
You may not edit, extend or remove subjective judgments in the list.
edit, extend or remove subjective judgments in the list. Any added notes should appear in italics at the end of existing text, and should be kept as short as possible.
Review/Archiving Note
This page is an Archive of A's List of Recommended Mods by Aelius.
A's List of Recommended Mods was probably the list of Oblivion mods for quite a while and is still very well regarded (despite not having been updated since August 2007). The list has been copied here in order to update links (mostly to reflect move from TesSource to TesNexus) and note the release of new versions.
list of Oblivion mods for quite a while and is still very well regarded (despite not having been updated since August 2007). The list has been copied here in order to update links (mostly to reflect move from TesSource to TesNexus) and note the release of new versions. Keep in mind that this list is somewhat outdated and will become more so over time. For links to other lists, see Recommended Mods.
Introduction
This is a list of the mods that I feel are the best of the many thousands available. Before we list some mods, what use would it be without knowing what a mod does? Or how to make one work? For anyone unfamiliar with mods, read this first.
If you wish to put my list in your browser's Favourites, you may want to do so with my Google Pages list. Since it's not a forum, you don't have to worry about changing links "every 200 posts" :) But just note that there are a lot of updates happening all of the time, so the Google Pages list might be a few days behind the forum list here.
Throughout this list the term "Vanilla Oblivion" is used frequently, or simply "vanilla". Vanilla Oblivion is Oblivion without the addition of any mods.
BallOfFire has a mod list, similar to mine, but on a smaller scale. You can find it here, and you may also find some mods that I don't have listed :)
Be sure to check the top of this page for the updates, that way you can easily see what mods have been added in the last few weeks. This way, you don't have to sift through the list, trying to remember what mods you've already seen.
Be sure to download Oblivion Mod Manager, which is almost essential for texture mods.
If you have the Shivering Isles expansion then be sure to download this, unless you have the Unofficial Shivering Isles Patch, which already fixes it. It's a fix for a bug that is present in all SI games. Speaking of Shivering Isles, I do not own that expansion, nor do I ever plan on owning it. In turn, I will not be adding any mods designed for use exclusively with Shivering Isles unless it is absolutely necessary, such as the one linked above.
As of May 4th, I've made this list much more user friendly for newcomers, many thanks to Jaga Telesin's idea. I've colour coded some arrows that I put before each mod.
§ My personal favourites.
† Mods that are popular in the community.
‡ Outstanding mods, simply must-haves.
Misc. Additions
Misc. Changes/Removals
New Buildings/Lands
Overhaul Mods
Adrenaline Oblivion - Adds many more creatures to the game, so you don't encounter only 3 or 4 enemies inside a dungeon for example. Incompatible with OOO.
Adventurer's Oblivion: This mod is an alternative to Oscuro's Oblivion Overhaul, changing many things. Check out both OOO and Adventurer's, and choose which you like best.
FCOM ( F rancesco's + War C ry + O OO + M MM) †: This mod allows the top 4 overhaul mods to work together at the same time. The author has done a lot of work to make them all combine seamlessly. The mod still is in beta, but many thousands of people use it with very little trouble. Some people prefer just using one of the big mods rather than all 4. I would be one of those people. But some people might like this one.
rancesco's + War ry + OO + MM) †: This mod allows the top 4 overhaul mods to work together at the same time. The author has done a lot of work to make them all combine seamlessly. The mod still is in beta, but many thousands of people use it with very little trouble. Some people prefer just using one of the big mods rather than all 4. I would be one of those people. But some people might like this one. Francesco's Leveled Creatures Items † - This mod makes numerous changes to creatures, NPCs and items. Some prefer this as opposed to Oscuro's Oblivion Overhaul.
G_'s Loot Mod - Find it rather odd that bandits wear high level armour, even though they're Bandits? This mod changes the loot for almost everything in the game. This mod is much older than OOO, MMM and Francesco's, and the latter 3 mods do it much better, in my opinion. Incompatible with OOO.
Martigen's Monster Mod (MMM) §†‡ - This popular mod, designed to be used along with either OOO or Francesco's, includes 120+ brand-new creatures and NPCs, 1500+ variant creatures and NPCs, unique encounters, advanced behaviour AI, advanced combat AI, tailored loot drops and more! Although the mod only focuses on creatures, unlike OOO and Francesco's, the work it does on creatures and NPCs is done to a greater extent than OOO and Francesco's, I think. It includes a version that is compatible with OOO/Francesco's, or you can use MMM by itself.
to be used along with either OOO or Francesco's, includes 120+ brand-new creatures and NPCs, 1500+ variant creatures and NPCs, unique encounters, advanced behaviour AI, advanced combat AI, tailored loot drops and more! Although the mod only focuses on creatures, unlike OOO and Francesco's, the work it does on creatures and NPCs is done to a greater extent than OOO and Francesco's, I think. It includes a version that is compatible with OOO/Francesco's, or you can use MMM by itself. NPC Static Level - Makes NPCs have static levels so they don't level up with your character. After all, it's your game, and your character who's leveling. Incompatible with OOO.
Oscuro's Oblivion Overhaul §†‡ The biggest mod ever created for Oblivion, OOO changes almost everything in the game! Be sure to get the 1.32 addition! The 1.32 addition is in to be used with the main OOO mod, so be sure to get both!
Performance Enhancers
De-Parallaxer - This mod removes Parallax Mapping from many objects, which may result in increased frames per second, at the cost of objects being more dull and flat.
Low Poly Grass §‡ - Another solution to greatly increase frames per second. This mod reduces the number of polys in the grass. Frankly, I think it looks better than vanilla's grass. Works well with Short Grass, below.
than vanilla's grass. Works well with Short Grass, below. No Lights Flicker - This mod removes the flicker from every light source in the game, improving performance.
No Wind - This mod removes the sway effect given to trees and other flora, resulting in increased performance
Operation Optimization †‡ - This mod improves frames per second by as much as over 30, according to tests. In most cases though, it improves it by maybe 10-20 fps. There's no loss in quality, it simply optimizes the meshes. It works with texture mods that don't modity the .nif files (CaptNKill's mod, Qarl's mod etc.)
Quiet Feet - This mod fixes a sound bug on some systems, due to loud feet from animals.
Streamline §†‡ - This mod increases Oblivion's performance and reduces in-game stutter by clearing memory buffers on an intelligent schedule.
Quest Mods
The Oblivion Quest List specializes in quest mods, it does a much better job listing quests than I would be able to. So what I would recommend for quest mods is looking through that list.
Skill/Class/Ability/Attribute/Weapon Changes
Utilities
Buddah's List o' Links §† - This list contains nearly 100% of the mods released for Oblivion. Unfortunately, there's no way to know which mod is good, but this list provides the mods for you. Honestly, I find the list is excellent if you're looking for a specific mod which you know the name of, but can't find. But if you're new to mods and are looking for good ones, this list would be a nightmare to have to sort though. Also, say you're looking for a mod that changes water in game, this list is perfect because you can just Ctrl+F (Windows command for 'find') and then type in "water" and keep going through the list and find one that suits you. And finally, this mod (actually, more of a utility) requires Microsoft Excel to view it. If you don't want to have to dish out hundreds of dollars to buy Excel, there's a free program called Excel Viewer, which you can get here. Alternatively, you could view the online list of links here, which includes a search function.
Oblivion Mod Manager (OBMM) §†‡: No mod-user should be without this utility. It's invaluable, especially for texture mods.
Oblivion Script Extender (OBSE) §†‡: This utility is necessary for many of the big mods out there. Essentially, it just allows modders to do much more with their mods, and in turn the mod- users must also have the utility.
must also have the utility. Wrye Bash: Wrye Bash has a lot of features. I mean a LOT. It's like twenty tools rolled into one. It includes as subfeatures the entire feature sets of other tools, and offers plenty of other features that no other mod tool has. Except installation. It's the "everything but installation" tool!
Weapon and Armour/Clothing additions
Texture Mods
Note: - The vast majority of texture mods (if not all) are compatible with OOO.
Creature/NPC/Face Texture Enhancers
Equipment Texture Enhancers
Landscape/Environment Enhancers
Map and Menu Texture Changes
Misc. Item Texture Enhancers
Misc. Texture Mods
§‡ The ultimate sign combination: Actually, this is 3 mods. But instead of having them as individual listings, I decided to combine them into one listing. The three mods are:
All three of them improve roughly 99% of the signs in game. Maybe even 100%. The problem is that all 3 mods have overlapping files. That's okay though, because we'll assign them priority. Better Signs and Improved Signs both deal with all sorts of signs in the game. Improved Signs does more, however. Better Signs was an incomplete project that, thankfully, the modder released in its unfinished form rather than scrapped it. Improved Signs retextures about 95% of the signs in game, including road signs (direction signs). Weathered Direction Signs only deals with direction signs. The difference between the direction signs in Improved Signs and Weathered Direction Signs is that the latter doesn't just retexture them, as Improved Signs does, it gives them a different look entirely, the best just to see the screenshots.
So with that said, I recommend installing Better Signs first (giving it the lowest priority), and then install Improved Signs on top of that, and then finally Weathered Direction Signs (Giving Weathered Direction Signs full prioty of the three). Doing this will ensure that Weathered Direction Sign's road signs are used, and then Improved Signs is used for everything else. And for the 5% of signs that Improved Signs didn't do, Better Signs will fill in the gaps :)
Libertarian Party of Florida candidate for attorney general Bill Wohlsifer has worked for years to ease the pain of Floridians who suffer from diseases that can be successfully treated with medical marijuana. He is the author of the Cathy Jordan Medical Cannabis Act (2012), a bill that was introduced in the state senate earlier this year.
Bill Wohlsifer is also the first Libertarian candidate for AG in Florida's history. He had an excellent showing against the Republican and Democrat challenger in a mainstream televised debate.
Wohlsifer has stated that his first act as Florida's chief legal officer will be to remove cannabis from Schedule I of Florida's controlled substances list, to Schedules II and III.
His next action will be to withdraw Florida from an EPA lawsuit that favors the fertilizer industry over the will of the people, and then to dismiss all five pending appeals against favorable same-sex marriage court decisions in Florida. That is day one in office.
To increase Florida's agribusiness, Wohlsifer will remove industrial hemp from Florida's controlled substances list, as described on his Hemp4water website, which outlines a plan to create a new $10 billion hemp cultivation industry with producer-generated (not taxpayer) revenue earmarked to keep Florida's waterways clean.
As a longstanding advocate of equality, Wohlsifer reminds every audience that the Libertarian Party has been a proponent of marriage equality since 1972, while it did not become a platform plank of the Democrat Party until 2012. His focus now moves to equality in the Florida workplace.
Wohlsifer recognizes the role of attorney general in prosecuting crime, but differs sharply from his opponents by stating that the primary role of the position is to protect civil liberties. Cronyism and corruption are rampant in Florida. Wohlsifer contends that the best way to overcome Florida's pattern of corruption is to break the two-party stronghold that perpetuates catering to special interests and quells opportunities for citizen candidates to participate in Florida's electoral process. He promises to peacefully maintain the sovereignty of Florida by protecting against federal government encroachment through the power of the judiciary.
Wohlsifer will conduct an internal review of the over-militarization of Florida's civilian police force and will seek clemency for state prisoners serving time for nonviolent, victimless crimes.
It's here: The first official trailer for director James Secker's supernatural short The Summoner. The film stars Le Cassette's Adam McNab and Mhairi Calvey.
That awesome 80s retro song you hear above is LeBrock's “Please Don't Cry.” Synth composer Irving Force, who features on the film's soundtrack, edited the trailer.
The premise: In a world where spirits of the dead are the most pervasive and dangerous threat we face, humankind must call upon the skills of an enigmatic ghost-hunter who gets more than he bargained for facing the most deadly threat of his career.
Interviews and The Summoner Soundtrack
As Secker gets the film ready to make its way through the festival circuit, check out this interview with him about the production. And don't forget the film's soundtrack, which Lazerdiscs Records released last year. It features contributions from Waveshaper, Dream Fiend, Sellorekt/LA Dreams, d.notive, Moondragon, Hello Meteor, and several others.
Check out The Summoner‘s Facebook page for updates on the film. In addition to starring McNab and Calvey, The Summoner also stars Alexandra Hansler, Kate Marie Davies, and Mike Carr. Full disclosure: Vehlinggo is involved in the project in a production capacity.
Like this: Like Loading...
Only the Best
What makes life extraordinary is the ability to see wonder in the ordinary.A tree is at once common and remarkable. It can mean the difference between any place and a place we love to be. We are here to help you see what we see when we see a tree in the landscape. We are here to help you see your own vision come to life.Bower & Branch is a group of growers and independent garden centers in the Northeast who share a common passion for trees and the people who plant them.Our growers and garden centers are handpicked because they understand the fundamental value of patient growing practices, delivering trees in their prime, taking care of trees and relationships. We believe in empowering homeowners with the truth about strong and structurally sound trees that are grown to perform in the ground after they leave the nursery. We also believe in the extraordinary things trees can bring to our lives, things like peace, privacy and beauty.Founded by the Eaton family from their 175-acre farm in Leesport, Pennsylvania, Bower & Branch is devoted to helping homeowners make better decisions when it comes to choosing, planting and caring for their trees. We are equally devoted to providing a unique and remarkably positive online, in-store and in-person experience every time. A Tree for Every StyleLearn More
Labour leader says party would support any attempt to change law that would remove need for medical checks
Jeremy Corbyn has challenged Theresa May to allow people to self-identify as transgender without having to go through medical checks, pledging that Labour would support any government attempt to change the law.
Speaking at a reception on Tuesday night, hosted by Pink News to mark the 50th anniversary of the partial decriminalisation of homosexuality in England and Wales, the Labour leader said the struggle goes on for LGBT rights but there must be a particular effort to advance trans rights.
The prime minister's deal with the socially conservative DUP means she could struggle to push through reforms to the Gender Recognition Act without opposition backing.
But Corbyn said May would have his support if she scrapped the requirement for trans people to undergo medical tests, and instead allowed them to self-identify their gender, saying legislation could be passed with Labour backing if the Tories and DUP had a free vote.
“Discrimination has gone on too long. The Gender Recognition Act does not allow trans people to self-identify their gender and forces them to undergo invasive medical tests. This is wrong,” he said.
“Labour recognised this in our manifesto, pledging to update the act. Theresa May told Pink News that ‘changes need to be made' but failed to include anything on this in the Conservative manifesto.
“So, I say to her today, Labour will help you keep your promise. Bring forward a bill to update the act and improve trans rights and Labour will back you. You can give your MPs and the DUP a free vote and Labour will make it law.”
May indicated before the election that the government was reviewing the law but the change has long been demanded by equal rights campaigners.
Corbyn made the speech at Speaker's House in London during a reception held by John Bercow, the Speaker of the Commons, and Norman Fowler, the Lord Speaker.
He also criticised Donald Trump's “disturbing” approach to LGBT rights, and condemned the violence against gay men in Chechnya.
Bercow told the gathering it was time for the Church of England to allow churches to perform gay marriage ceremonies.
“There's always a balance to be struck – we don't want to ‎behave as though it's all over, that everything has been done ... Because that isn't true I still feel that we can only really have equal marriage when you can bloody well get married in a church if you want to do so,” he said.
Justine Greening, the education secretary, who last year became the first female cabinet minister to reveal she was in a same-sex relationship, did not mention changing the gender recognition law in her speech but pledged to fight for progress in LGBT rights. She said there were still “too many pockets of communities in the country for whom LGBT rights are a mistake and think things have gone too far.”
Greening said the government and parliament has to “keep on pushing for progress” to make sure there are advances in LGBT rights but that there was a long way to go.
• This article was amended on 19 July 2017 to include the information that the reception was hosted by Pink News.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Saif al-Islam Gaddafi: The rise and fall
A court in Libya has sentenced Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, son of deposed leader Col Muammar Gaddafi, and eight others to death over war crimes linked to the 2011 revolution.
More than 30 close associates of Col Gaddafi were tried for suppressing peaceful protests during the uprising.
Saif al-Islam was not in court, but has previously appeared via video link.
He is being held by a former rebel group from the town of Zintan that refuses to hand him over.
A Zintani source indicated to the BBC that they would not execute him or hand him over to the court.
'Until the bitter end'
Former head of intelligence for the Gaddafi regime, Abdullah al-Senussi, is among those also facing death by firing squad, as is former PM Baghdadi al-Mahmoudi.
They have the right to appeal against their sentences within 60 days.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Only 29 of the defendants were in Tripoli court for sentencing
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's John Simpson says the trial came to "an extraordinary and chaotic end"
In court as Saif al-Islam sentenced
In the years before the uprising, Saif al-Islam was known for trying to introduce political and economic reforms, says the BBC's North African correspondent Rana Jawad.
"But as people called for the fall of his father's rule - he stood by him till the bitter end," she added.
He is also wanted by the International Criminal Court on charges of war crimes and crimes against humanity.
Prosecutors say that he was part of his father's plans to "quell, by all means, the civilian demonstrations against the Gaddafi regime".
Libya's rival power bases
Eight other ex-officials received life sentences and seven were given jail terms of 12 years each, said chief investigator Sadiq al-Sur. Four were acquitted.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Fathma Farkash Hadad, the wife of one of the men sentenced to death alongside Gaddafi, said she wanted the "real truth" exposed
The defendants were accused of incitement to violence and murdering protesters during the revolution that eventually toppled Col Gaddafi.
Since his death, Libya has been plagued by instability, and currently has no single government.
Instead two warring factions each claim to run the country. An internationally-recognised parliament is based in Tobruk, while the capital Tripoli is held by rivals Libya Dawn.
The trial, which opened last year, has been dogged by criticism from human rights agencies, who are concerned about the fairness of Libya's judicial system.
The United Nations human rights office said it was "deeply disturbed" by the sentences, while Human Rights Watch said justice for the victims could "only be delivered through fair and transparent proceedings".
Saif al-Islam's captors by James Reevell, BBC News
With the first news of Saif al-Islam's capture in 2011, I heard the sound of celebratory gunfire and car horns across Tripoli. Few could believe it had actually happened. But soon Libyans were mockingly waving their fingers as images of Saif al-Islam's severed finger surfaced on social media.
He was caught deep in Libya's southern desert and immediately flown north to the mountains. Hordes met his plane at Zintan's rudimentary airstrip before he was whisked to a secret prison somewhere in the town.
The town's fierce fighters were key to the overthrow of Col Gaddafi - and after the revolution they established themselves as one of the most powerful militias in the country, cementing this with the capture of Libya's most wanted man - Saif al-Islam.
His captors were proud of their catch and delighted to recount the story of what they claimed was an audacious ambush in the desert.
But even in these early days they were adamant that they would not hand him over to the official authorities - a promise that still holds true.
To them he was already a precious political commodity that could be used as a bargaining chip with Libya's newly formed government.
Why is Libya lawless?
West's light touch failed Libya
Egypt's President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi looks on during his ceremonial reception at the forecourt of India's presidential palace Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi, India, September 2, 2016. REUTERS/Cathal McNaughton/File Photo
CAIRO (Reuters) - Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi said on Saturday that the military's economic activity accounted for no more than two percent of the country's output, dismissing suggestions that the military could control as much as half of the economy.
Speaking at an event celebrating the expansion of a military-owned company, Sisi said the military made up 1.5-2 percent of economic output which he said was 3-4 trillion Egyptian pounds ($160 billion-$213 billion).
That would put the military's share of economic activity at between $2.39 billion and $4.26 billion.
“It has been said that the military's economy is worth 20 or even 50 percent of the economy. I wish. We have nothing to hide; the military accounts for between 1.5 to 2 percent of the economy,” Sisi said, adding that the military paid taxes on all projects and that they were subject to regulations and auditing.
“We would love for it to be 50 percent.”
Sisi, a former general who took office in 2014, has promised to revive the economy, which has struggled since a 2011 uprising scared away investors and tourists, Egypt's main sources of foreign currency.
He has called in the military to assist in major infrastructure projects and with distribution of subsidized commodities to keep a lid on rising prices amid an acute shortage of dollars.
The economic weight of the military, which produces everything from bottled water to macaroni, has long been a topic of speculation in Egypt but official comment on the scope of its economic activities is rare.
Writing portable networking code in С++ is a problem with long history, and there are many libraries were developed, that tried to solve this problem. But I can say, that Boost.Asio is the best implementation among existing. On the base of Boost.Asio some number of libraries and applications (libpion, cpp-netlib) were already implemented, and development of some new is in progress. Beside this, on the top of Boost.Asio I had developed a filtering subsystem for web-filtering product SKVT "Dozor-Jet" aka WebBoss.
Boost.Asio has following main features:
ability to write cross-platform networking code, working on the most of existing platforms - Windows, Unix-like, Tru64, QNX, etc..
supports both IPv4 and IPv6
support for TCP & UDP
support for asynchronous operations
provide std::iostream compatible interfaces
support for SSL connections
support for delayed operations (timers)
For me, main advantage of Boost.Asio (besides cross-platform work) is, that on each platform, it uses most effective strategy ( epoll on Linux 2.6, kqueue on FreeBSD/MacOSX, Overlapped IO on MS Windows). Library also allows using different strategies — synchronous and asynchronous to work with sockets, and allows usage of streaming input/output, compatible with std::iostream . And these strategies could be mixed in one application, for example, accept connections in asynchronous mode, and after that, start thread, which will do input/output in sync mode (see test-otpc.cpp example).
For demonstration of Boost.Asio's features I wrote (some of the parts were adopted from Boost.Asio examples) several examples, implementing different data handling strategies (more examples could be found on the home page of Boost.Asio). I had used these examples for selection of appropriate data handling strategies in my own applications. All these examples implements "stupid" web-server, that read request and return back single page, independent on address, that was specified in request. Currently following examples are available (all source files include file common.h):
test-mcmt.cpp — implements data handling strategy Many Connections/Many Threads - it starts several threads, each of them accepts connections and performs input/output in asynchronous mode;
test-otpc.cpp — implements strategy One Thread per Connection - one thread accepts connections in asynchronous mode, and than starts thread, in which input/output performed in synchronous mode (code, performing this is in files test-otpc-conn.cpp & test-otpc-conn.hpp;
test-otpc-tp.cpp — almost same as test-otpc.cpp, but instead of dedicated thread for every connection, it uses pool of threads, implemented by threadpool library.
To build examples (all source code is at github you need at least boost version 1.35, that contain Boost.Asio.
A Wyoming teacher is facing a 13-day unpaid suspension after sending an offensive tweet that was later discovered by her students, mlive.com reports.
"I'm sure the girl who is taking my economics class for the second time will make an excellent mom come December. #sarcasm," the teacher, who is a Superintendent Thomas Reeder describes as a veteran educator, wrote on her Twitter account. The identity of the teacher has not been released.
After students turned over the tweet on Tuesday, Sept. 9, the teacher was told not to come to school on Wednesday, as an investigation launched, Reeder adds. On Thursday, she was informed about the extent of her punishment, mlive.com reports. Upon her return, Reeder says it is up to the student to determine if she wants to continue to be in the class.
WOOD TV reports that before the tweet was sent, no one knew the teen was pregnant. A student who tipped off the tweet describes it as bullying, saying it was "upsetting and disappointing."
Reeder says the teacher did apologize for her actions. The teacher is taking complete ownership of the negative tweet, and understands the consequences, he adds.
"She's being punished because as a teacher, we cannot do that. As a public figure that has the right to see things as would a medical doctor, as would a lawyer, we're held not only to a different standard the way we live, but where we are privileged to have information, we have that information to make children -- to help adults -- move forward not to cause other issues. And in this case, there were other issues."
According to Fox 17, the teacher's Twitter account has been deactivated.
Donald Trump has managed to keep himself a topic of discussion as he seeks the GOP nomination for the 2016 presidential race. But now, analysts might wonder if the business mogul damaged his chances after tweeting out a racist image that originated as neo-nazi propaganda.
Trump tweeted an image Sunday that was sourced to the Crime Statistics Bureau of San Francisco, an organization that actually doesn't exist according to a Raw Story report. The image incorrectly states that the number of homicides of Blacks killed by police at one percent, conveniently highlighted in blue text.
The most glaring of the erroneous statistics appears at the bottom of the image which states that Black on Black homicides numbered at 97 percent.
More from Raw Story:
In reality, the FBI shows that 82 percent of white homicide victims were killed by other white people and 15 percent of white homicide victims were killed by black people, and 91 percent of black homicide victims were killed by other black people. So where did the image and the bogus statistics come from? Blogger Charles Johnson, of Little Green Footballs, was unable to determine its source through a Google Image search or tineye.com — but he was able to find the earliest tweet using the graphic. The account's avatar is a modified swastika used as the symbol of the neo-Nazi German Faith Movement, and the account profile expresses admiration for Adolf Hitler: “A detester of any kind of sick perverted dildo waving marxism and liberalism,we Should have listened to the Austrian chap with the little moustache.”
While Trump might not have known the image's source, it sends out a dangerous message to his passionate supporters. Sadly, the tweet might not even put a dent in Trump's momentum as he leads by nine points in a recent Iowa poll held by CBS News.
And for those keeping score at home, the actual percentage of whites killed by Blacks is 14 percent according to the FBI, not 81 percent like the fake stats suggests.
—
Photo: WENN
President Trump on Wednesday ratcheted up his rhetoric against North Korea, pointing to the strength of the U.S. nuclear arsenal one day after warning Pyongyang of "fire and fury" if it continued its threats.
Trump said in a series of tweets that he hoped that the "power" of the U.S. nuclear arsenal would never have to be used.
He added that "there will never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world."
My first order as President was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal. It is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before.... — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 9, 2017
...Hopefully we will never have to use this power, but there will never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 9, 2017
Trump's tweets come less than a day after he made a dire warning to North Korea's leader, Kim Jong-un.
ADVERTISEMENT
"He has been very threatening beyond a normal state, and as I said they will be met with fire, fury and frankly power, the likes of which this world has never seen before,” Trump said at his golf club in Bedminster, N.J.
Those provocative comments followed a report that North Korea crossed a major threshold in its quest to become a nuclear power by successfully producing a miniaturized nuclear warhead that can fit onto a missile.
The White House later on Wednesday said that the tone of Trump's statement was discussed in advance though the words were picked off the cuff by the president.
“General Kelly and others on the NSC team were well aware of the tone of the statement of the president prior to delivery," said White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders. "The words were his own. The tone and strength of the message were discussed beforehand."
She said Trump's advisers "were clear the president was going to respond to North Korea's threats following the sanctions with a strong message in no uncertain terms.”
After Trump's comments, North Korea raised the possibility of missile strikes on Guam. The North's state-run media warned Pyongyang would "turn the U.S. mainland into the theater of nuclear war" if it saw signs of a possible American attack.
But amid Trump's rhetoric, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson Rex Wayne TillersonHeather Nauert withdraws her name from consideration for UN ambassador job Trump administration's top European diplomat to resign in February Pompeo planning to meet with Pat Roberts amid 2020 Senate speculation MORE on Wednesday urged Americans to remain calm and said he doesn't believe there is "any imminent threat" from North Korea.
“What the president is doing is sending a strong message to North Korea in language that Kim Jong-un can understand, because he doesn't seem to understand diplomatic language,” Tillerson said in Guam. “I think the president just wanted to be clear to the North Korean regime on the U.S.'s unquestionable ability to defend itself, will defend itself and its allies.”
Guam's top homeland security official also said there is little to no chance a North Korea missile could make it past the island's defenses.
George Charfauros said Guam is protected by the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense missile system, which is permanently stationed at Andersen Air Force Base on the island.
"There's .00001 percent chance of that missile getting through that layer," Charfauros told reporters at a news conference, according to Pacific Daily News.
Guam's governor echoed the sentiment, telling residents it is "not the time to panic."
“There have been many statements out there that have been made by a very bellicose leader, but at this point there's been no change in the security situation here on Guam," Eddie Calvo said.
While officials sought to downplay the threat, a Trump aide on Wednesday said that North Korea should not test the president.
Sebastian Gorka touted the strength of the U.S. during an interview on Fox News and cautioned North Korea against testing the president.
“We are not just a superpower. We were a superpower. We are now a hyperpower," Gorka said on "Fox & Friends."
"Nobody in the world, especially not North Korea, comes close to challenging our military capabilities, whether they're conventional, whether they're nuclear, or whether they're special forces. So the message is very clear: Don't test this White House.”
Earlier this year, the Pentagon announced it had started a review of the U.S. nuclear posture, which Trump ordered in a January executive action on military readiness.
The January memo called for a review “to ensure that the United States nuclear deterrent is modern, robust, flexible, resilient, ready and appropriately tailored to deter 21st-century threats and reassure our allies.”
The last time the military conducted a nuclear posture review was in 2010.
Last month, 22 Senate Democrats called for a "transparent and inclusive" process in the Trump administration's ongoing review of the U.S. nuclear weapons policy.
This report was updated at 2:05 p.m.
Jordan Fabian contributed.
phishead
Offline
Activity: 1190
Merit: 560
Keep what's important, and know who's your friend
Hero MemberActivity: 1190Merit: 560Keep what's important, and know who's your friend Monero Madness March 04, 2017, 04:31:23 AM
Last edit: March 16, 2017, 03:48:27 AM by phishead #1 Alright guys... You know what time it is...
It's time for...
MONERO MADNESS!!!
Yes, you heard right. Now is that special time of the year to pretend to your friends that you actually follow college basketball, or know what the f*** a "Gonzaga" is.
As we wait I want to go ahead and see who all is interested in participating in a "March Madness" pool. For those of you that don't know (I'm sure there are some), it is a single elimination matchup between 64 teams for the national championship in college basketball (NCAA). If you live in the US, I'm sure you will know what this is... and if you live in the US, I'm sure you are well aware that watching 2-5 games going on at once while at you're at your local bar can be exhausting and boring after a little while...
but not when you got THE MADNESS .
I'm open to ideas, but this is my opinion of how we should run things if we garner some interest. 1) Buy in is 1-2 xmr. I vote 2 xmr. 2) We use ESPN to have a pool set up and have our charts on there to keep track of each game. 3) We use escrow (?) ... I'm fine with going off the honor system, but I can totally understand if people are kind of sketched out being that most people don't know each other or probably don't know me. If people are interested in getting a trustworthy person, then we can get them to hold the funds.
More ideas to make this better will be well received. Please post in this thread if you would like to participate and state how much you are willing to put in the pot (1-2 xmr). I will put your name below:
List of Monebros gone MAD :
1) PAID
2 ) PAID
3 )
4 ) PAID
5 ) PAID
6) eyejay_2 (on IRC) ---> 2 xmr
7 ) PAID
8 ) PAID
9 ) PAID
...
Current jackpot is: 14 XMR (18 XMR pending)
______________________________________________
Issues to be discussed:
1) Escrow? If so, who?
Yes. Jwinterm.
2) 2 xmr buy in?
Yes, for now...
Yes, you heard right. Now is that special time of the year to pretend to your friends that you actually follow college basketball, or know what the f*** a "Gonzaga" is.As we wait I want to go ahead and see who all is interested in participating in a "March Madness" pool. For those of you that don't know (I'm sure there are some), it is a single elimination matchup between 64 teams for the national championship in college basketball (NCAA). If you live in the US, I'm sure you will know what this is... and if you live in the US, I'm sure you are well aware that watching 2-5 games going on at once while at you're at your local bar can be exhausting and boring after a little while...I'm open to ideas, but this is my opinion of how we should run things if we garner some interest.Buy in is 1-2 xmr. I vote 2 xmr.We use ESPN to have a pool set up and have our charts on there to keep track of each game.We use escrow (?) ... I'm fine with going off the honor system, but I can totally understand if people are kind of sketched out being that most people don't know each other or probably don't know me. If people are interested in getting a trustworthy person, then we can get them to hold the funds.More ideas to make this better will be well received. Please post in this thread if you would like to participate and state how much you are willing to put in the pot (1-2 xmr). I will put your name below:1) phishead (floam412) ---> 2 xmr2 ) jwinterm ---> 2 xmr3 ) mambamanagement ---> 2 xmr4 ) Febo ---> 2 xmr5 ) LennyCarl ---> 2 xmr6) eyejay_2 (on IRC) ---> 2 xmr7 ) DrHiggins ---> 2 xmr8 ) cryptoholder1 (reddit) ---> 2 xmr9 ) favorite-and-forget (reddit) ---> 2 xmr1)Yes. Jwinterm.2)Yes, for now...
Here's how to play:
Send 2 xmr to the following public address .
Public Address:
43AdCGvbC2fJZLaYh7GUqvXHCKjfJfqEW8vaGSDCsv3NJBZDg4o7j2yCTWh9gV7bvQgsJBYgWT8SxfX izXVpzFeeTHEasx9
Private View Key:
276c3aa01d0313c571943058579893f31fea5730b6cb936a0ea6f250a4793304
You can verify that you have paid by using
For example (using the link above), here is mine:
1. Transaction hash: c586906ebf198180578de6a3f46ed6042101cdb49b66f70eb82eb0130519341b
2. Private key (view key): 276c3aa01d0313c571943058579893f31fea5730b6cb936a0ea6f250a4793304
3. Recipients public address: 43AdCGvbC2fJZLaYh7GUqvXHCKjfJfqEW8vaGSDCsv3NJBZDg4o7j2yCTWh9gV7bvQgsJBYgWT8SxfX izXVpzFeeTHEasx9
...
Quote Results:
This address owns output 0 with pubkey: 624799a1a5ac874295be634698e968ee905110cec84fe88dbad9c9ec71cf327f for amount: 2
This address doesn't own output 1 with pubkey: 259f9d759770caf99be034cc57685570e0fe97971678b5fedfd293f59310c1c4 for amount: 0
Total received: 2
Once, you have sent 2 XMR to the "Monero Madness" wallet, post your transaction hash here and I will update you to the list as well as send you a PM with your personal link to the pool website where you can make your picks.
This is a WINNER TAKE ALL event. Whoever wins the most "points" at the end of the tournament wins. It works like this:
Round of 64 = 1 point per game
Round of 32 = 2 points per game
Sweet Sixteen = 4 points per game
Elite Eight = 8 points per game
Final Four = 16 points per game
Championship = 32 points
Thanks everyone good luck!
Send 2 xmr to the following43AdCGvbC2fJZLaYh7GUqvXHCKjfJfqEW8vaGSDCsv3NJBZDg4o7j2yCTWh9gV7bvQgsJBYgWT8SxfXizXVpzFeeTHEasx9276c3aa01d0313c571943058579893f31fea5730b6cb936a0ea6f250a4793304You can verify that you have paid by using http://xmr.llcoins.net/checktx.html For example (using the link above), here is mine:1. Transaction hash: c586906ebf198180578de6a3f46ed6042101cdb49b66f70eb82eb0130519341b2. Private key (view key): 276c3aa01d0313c571943058579893f31fea5730b6cb936a0ea6f250a47933043. Recipients public address: 43AdCGvbC2fJZLaYh7GUqvXHCKjfJfqEW8vaGSDCsv3NJBZDg4o7j2yCTWh9gV7bvQgsJBYgWT8SxfXizXVpzFeeTHEasx9...Once, you have sent 2 XMR to the "Monero Madness" wallet, post your transaction hash here and I will update you to the list as well as send you a PM with your personal link to the pool website where you can make your picks.This is aevent. Whoever wins the most "points" at the end of the tournament wins. It works like this:Round of 64 = 1 point per gameRound of 32 = 2 points per gameSweet Sixteen = 4 points per gameElite Eight = 8 points per gameFinal Four = 16 points per gameChampionship = 32 pointsThanks everyone good luck!
██████████
█ █████████████████
██████████████████████
█ █████████████████████████
████████████████████████████
████ █ █████████████████████ █ ███
█████ ███ █████████████████ ███ ████
█████ ████ ███████████████ ████ ████
██████ ██████ ███████████ ██████ █████
██████ ████████ ███████ ████████ █████
██████ █████████ █████ █████████ █████
██████ ████ ██ █████ █ █████ ██ ████ █████
██████ ████ ███ █ ███████ █ ███ ████ █████
█████ ████ █████ █████ █████ ████ ████
███████ █ ██████
██████████████
████████████████████████████
█ █████████████████████████
██████████████████████
█ █████████████████
██████████
Monero
"I just opened a 2004 barolo in your and all the devs honour" eyejay: Decemeber 22nd, 2016
"Don't buy Monero, join our new ICO: 'The Monero Enterprise Alliance" fluffypony: May 24th, 2017
The Case For Electronic Cash
▪In depth look at Monero
▪ $5 $480 xmr party ▪Give Romero just one night ❤
Every once in a while we'll kick off a movie parody by saying "so we got a hold of the script" and then we make up a bunch of stupid crap, because we're giant man-children. But this time it's for real: Some poor, confused soul saw my column last week, about the ill-advised Akira live-action remake, and they sent me the actual, real script for the film. Again, and in no uncertain terms: I did not write the following script excerpts. They are not parody or fiction.
I have every reason to believe this script is authentic, but I do not have confirmation from the studios. If it is real, this script is the thing that pulled the movie out of Development Hell, where it had been sitting for decades. This is the script that finally got Hollywood to stand up and take notice. This is the script that made studio executives bolt out of their chairs and say "yes, we have to do this!" And it's easy to see why: Nearly every aspect of the film has been altered to fit the most tired, hackneyed, bullshit Hollywood cliches in existence. As low as your opinion of this production might have been, the script proves one thing: Even if you have to dig the damn hole yourself, there is always a downhill.
Before we start, I'd just like to say two things:
One: This script is ostensibly the version just before the infamous whitewashing, where they changed Tetsuo's name to Travis.
Two: I can't believe somebody actually sent me a script. In the big book of "People Who Matter in the Entertainment Industry," how the hell did you land on my name? Did somebody scribble it next to "for a good time call"? Hahaha, how filled with regret are you, right about now? Like on a scale from 1 to 10? Is it a 10?
I hope it's a 10.
poster="http://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201701/278/1155968404_5273193016001_5273190244001-vs.jpg?pubId=1155968404" true Michelle Obama spreads message of diversity in her last speech as first lady
Michelle Obama extolled the value of the country's “glorious diversity” in an emotional address on Friday, using her last speech as first lady to reiterate the outgoing administration's message that immigrants and religious minorities add to America's strengths.
At an annual event honoring school counselors in the White House's East Room, Obama urged young people to take pride in their varying backgrounds and seek an education to better the country. She teared up at the end of her remarks, describing being first lady as the “greatest honor of my life.”
Story Continued Below
“As I end my time in the White House, I can think of no better message to send to our young people in my last official remarks as first lady,” Obama said. “For all the young people in this room and those who are watching, know that this country belongs to you, to all of you, from every background and walk of life.”
“Our glorious diversity, our diversity as the faiths and colors and creeds, that is not a threat to who we are — it makes us who we are,” she said, after citing immigration and religious diversity as proud American traditions. “To the young people here, and the young people out there, do not ever let anyone make you feel like you don't matter, or like you don't have a place in our American story, because you do, and you have a right to be exactly who you are.”
“But I also want to be very clear,” she continued. “This right isn't just handed to you. No, this right has to be earned every single day. You cannot take your freedoms for granted. Just like generations who have come before you, you have to do your part to preserve and protect those freedoms, and that starts right now, when you're young. Right now, you need to be preparing yourself to add your voice to our national conversation.”
Obama did not mention the election or Donald Trump in her remarks, but the speech was an implicit rebuke of the message that carried the president-elect to his surprise victory. Trump campaigned on a hard-line promise to curtail immigration and at points disparaged minority groups, including Muslims and Mexicans.
Hillary Clinton, whom the Obamas supported and Trump defeated in a major upset, had run on a platform that also focused on promoting diversity, as encapsulated by her slogan, “Stronger Together.” Some people see her loss as a rejection of that ideology.
Michelle Obama, though, remains hugely popular, and her fans cite her characteristic restraint in responding to political opponents as a reason for admiring her. She coined the oft-used phrase “when they go low, we go high” to describe her philosophy toward reacting to attacks during the 2016 campaign.
Obama's speech on Friday, at an event about education, focused largely on speaking to students and praising the counselors there to be honored. Its underlying message, though, was still political.
“Lead by example with hope. Never fear,” Obama said to young people in the audience. “And know that I will be with you, rooting for you and working to support you for the rest of my life, and that is true, I know, for every person who is here today, and for educators and advocates all across this nation who get up every day and work their hearts out to lift up our young people.”
Her closing message was “thank you”: “Thank you for everything you do for our kids, and for our country,” Obama said. “Being your first lady has been the greatest honor of my life, and I hope I've made you proud.”
Supermassive black hole blowing bubbles around our Galaxy
Last year, NASA's Fermi space telescope found a previously unseen structure: two huge gamma-ray bubbles, centered on the Milky Way. The bubbles extend 25,000 light-years north and south of the galactic center. Their nature and origin are still unclear.
A team led by Douglas Finkbeiner of the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics, revealed the bubbles thanks to the sensitivity of Fermi's Large Area Telescope; previously, because of the diffuse emission – a fog of gamma rays all over the sky, astronomers could not detect the structures.
Now, Kwong Sang Cheng of the University of Hong Kong and his colleagues propose that these bubbles are the result of a periodic star capture by the supermassive black hole at the center of our Galaxy. Their results will be published in the upcoming edition of The Astrophysical Journal Letters. With thousands of stars orbiting the black hole, they calculated that a star is captured every 30,000 years: half the star's mass falls into the black hole, while the remainder is ejected at high speed. Later, shocking gas that surrounds the Milky Way's disc, it eventually emits gamma rays.
However, Finkbeiner thinks that such individual star captures are probably not enough to produce the sharp edges seen around the bubbles; according to him, a much more dramatic and rare event occurring every one to ten million years, where the black hole swallows a huge cloud of gas or an entire star cluster, could produce such bubbles. The most recent of these events would have produced the Fermi bubbles we see today.
Reference
You might also like:
Sideroxylon grandiflorum, known as tambalacoque or dodo tree, is a long-lived tree in the family Sapotaceae, endemic to Mauritius. It is valued for its timber.
The Sideroxylon grandiflorum fruit is analogous to the peach. They are both termed drupes because both have a hard endocarp, or pit, surrounding the seed, with the endocarp naturally splitting along a fracture line during germination.
Preserved seeds.
In 1973, it was thought that this species was dying out. There were supposedly only 13 specimens left, all estimated to be about 300 years old. The true age could not be determined because tambalacoque has no growth rings. Stanley Temple hypothesized that the dodo, which became extinct in the 17th century, ate tambalacoque fruits, and only by passing through the digestive tract of the dodo could the seeds germinate. Temple (1977) force-fed seventeen tambalacoque fruits to wild turkeys. Seven of the fruits were crushed by the bird's gizzard. The remaining ten were either regurgitated or passed with the bird's feces. Temple planted the remaining ten fruits and three germinated. Temple did not try to germinate any seeds from control fruits not fed to turkeys so the effect of feeding fruits to turkeys was unclear. Reports made on tambalacoque seed germination by Hill (1941) and King (1946) found the seeds germinated without abrading.
Temple's hypothesis that the tree required the dodo has been contested. Others have suggested the decline of the tree was exaggerated, or that other extinct animals may also have been distributing the seeds, such as tortoises, fruit bats or the broad-billed parrot. Wendy Strahm and Anthony Cheke, two experts in Mascarene ecology, claim that while a rare tree, it has germinated since the demise of the dodo and numbers a few hundred, not 13.[citation needed] The difference in numbers is because young trees are not distinct in appearance and may easily be confused with similar species. The decline of the tree may possibly be due to introduction of domestic pigs and crab-eating macaques and competition with introduced plants. Catling (2001) in a summary cites Owadally and Temple (1979), and Witmer (1991). Hershey (2004) reviewed the flaws in Temple's dodo-tambalacoque hypothesis.
In 2004, Botanical Society of America's Plant Science Bulletin disputed Dr. Temple's research as flawed which published evidence as to why the dodo's extinction did not directly cause the increasing disappearance of young trees including suggestion that tortoises would have been more likely to disperse the seeds than dodo hence discrediting Temple's view as to the dodo and the tree's sole survival relationship.[2]
This dodo tree is highly valued for its wood in Mauritius, which has led some foresters to scrape the pits by hand to make them sprout and grow.[3]
See also [ edit ]
Sideroxylon majus, a species native to Réunion, that has been confounded with Sideroxylon grandiflorum (particularly under its synonym Calvaria major)
CAIRO (Reuters) - An Egyptian satirist who made fun of President Mohamed Mursi on television will be investigated by prosecutors following an accusation that he undermined the leader's standing, a judicial source said on Tuesday.
Egypt's President Mohamed Mursi speaks during his first televised address to the nation at the Egyptian Television headquarters in Cairo June 24, 2012. REUTERS/Stringer
Bassem Youssef's case will increase worries about freedom of speech in the post-Hosni Mubarak era, especially when the country's new constitution includes provisions criticized by rights activists for, among other things, forbidding insults.
In a separate case that fuels concern about press freedom, one of Egypt's leading independent newspapers said it was being investigated by the prosecutor following a complaint from the presidency, which accused it of publishing false news.
Youssef rose to fame following the uprising that swept Mubarak from power in February 2011 with a satirical online programme that was compared with Jon Stewart's Daily Show.
He has since had his own show on Egyptian television and mocked Mursi's repeated use of the word “love” in his speeches by starting one of his programmes with a love song, holding a red pillow with the president's face printed on it.
The prosecutor general ordered an investigation into a formal complaint against Youssef by an Islamist lawyer. The complaint accuses him of “insulting” Mursi, an Islamist backed by the Muslim Brotherhood, and “undermining his standing”.
Human rights activists say it is the latest in a series of criminal defamation cases that bode ill for free speech as Egypt reshapes its institutions after Mubarak was toppled.
“The greatest threat to freedom of expression over the last four months has been this rise in criminal defamation cases, whether it is on charges of defaming the president or the judiciary,” said Heba Morayef, Egypt director of the New York-based Human Rights Watch.
“The problem is now is we are likely to see an increase in this because criminal defamation is now embedded in the constitution.”
Rivals accuse Mursi, who won Egypt's first freely contested leadership election in June, of polarizing society by foisting a divisive, Islamist-leaning constitution on the country.
In the case against the independent daily al-Masry al-Youm, the presidency accused the paper of “spreading false news representing a danger to civil peace, public security and affecting the presidency”, the paper said.
Related Coverage New Egyptian party set to split Islamist vote further
The article in question was a report on Saturday on the paper's website which cited “informed sources” saying Mursi was due to visit hospital, without giving a reason for the trip, al-Masry al-Youm said in an online account of the case against it.
The presidency denied Mursi was due to visit hospital. The paper said it had updated its initial story to say the president's visit had been cancelled and instead his wife had gone to the hospital to visit a family member.
Al-Masry Al-Youm said one of its editors had been summoned by the prosecutor for questioning next Saturday.
Uranium production begins at Cigar Lake 14 March 2014 14 March 2014
The first uranium ore from the Cigar Lake mine, operated by Cameco in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan has been delivered to AREVA's McClean Lake mill located 70 km away.
"Cigar Lake is among the most technically challenging mining projects in the world," said Tim Gitzel, president and CEO of Cameco, the operator and 50.025% owner of Cigar Lake. "The start of ore production is a tremendous achievement and I want to thank the many hundreds of people who helped to bring this exceptional orebody into production."
AREVA said the ore, which set out on its journey on 13 March, is expected to be processed at the McClean Lake mill by the end of June 2014.
"With a production capacity of 10,900 tonnes of uranium per year, the McClean Lake mill is expected to produce 770 to 1100 tonnes of uranium concentrate from Cigar Lake ore in 2014," AREVA said. The mill's annual production rate is expected to ramp up to 8100 tonnes (18 million pounds) as early as 2018.
The capital cost of the Cigar Lake project were estimated at $2.6 billion in December 2013. Construction started on the mine, which relies on a high-pressure water jet boring method, in 2006.
In addition to Cameco, owners of the Cigar lake project are AREVA Resources Canada Inc (37.1%), Idemitsu Canada Resources Ltd. (7.9%) and TEPCO Resources Inc. (5.0%).
A school bus driver was drunk, with a blood alcohol content three times the legal limit, when she dropped students off at the Irving A. Robbins Middle School in Farmington on Wednesday morning, according to police.
M and J school bus driver Tammy Costello, 44, of Bristol, was arrested at school this morning after an officer driving behind her noticed the bus tires swerve off the pavement, according to police.
"He greeted students as they were getting off the bus, and a couple of them made reference to the potential that the driver may have hit a curb or two along the way," said Farmington police spokesman Lt. Colin Ryan.
Plastic Surgery: Celebrities Then and Now
The officer spoke with the driver and immediately suspected she was drunk.
Costello failed field sobriety tests and was brought to the Farmington Police Department, where breath tests came back at .139, then .134, more than three times the legal limit for the driver of a commercial motor vehicle, police said.
She was arrested and charged with driving under the influence, failure to drive right, and 20 counts of risk of injury to a minor – one for each of the students on board.
NBC Connecticut tried to contact Costello at her Bristol home, but there was no answer.
Farmington Supt. Kathleen Greider has sent a letter to parents saying every child who was on the bus was brought to the nurse to be checked for injuries and any other concerns.
"All students returned to class after a thorough assessment and parents were contacted. Please be assured that the safety of our students – your children – is our highest priority, and we take that responsibility very seriously," Greider said in the letter.
She also provided parents with a letter from the bus company.
"The M and J Bus Company is appalled at the incident that occurred this morning involving one of our bus drivers. We are committed to working closely with the Farmington Police Department to conduct a thorough investigation of this incident. Please know that thorough background checks of all employees are conducted by the Department of Motor Vehicles before employees are allowed to transport students," the statement says.
Famous Mug Shots: 'Empire' Actor Jussie Smollett
The statement says M and J Bus Company conducts alcohol and drug testing when they hire employees, who are also subject to "rigorous random alcohol and drug testing."
M and J has suspended Costello pending an investigation.
"We hold our employees to the highest expectations and safety is our number one priority. We apologize to the Farmington community for this incident as we are a long-standing Farmington company and we are deeply committed to the safety of ALL Farmington students," the statement from M and J says.
Costello was released on a $25,000 non-surety bond and is scheduled to appear in Hartford Superior Court on Sept. 2.
Profile
Thiago Alcântara, commonly known as just Thiago, is regarded as one of the most talented young players in world football, and is seen as Xavi's heir by many Barcelona fans.
He was born in Italy, but grew up in Spain and Brazil. His father is former footballer Mazinho, who was part of Brazil's World Cup winning squad in 1994. His younger brother Rafael Alcântara – better known as Rafinha – also plays for Barcelona. As if that is not enough their cousin Rodrigo is also a professional footballer, currently playing his trade for SL Benfica in Portugal.
After retiring from a footballing career that saw him playing for various clubs in Italy and Spain as well his native Brazil, Mazinho took his family with him back to Spain to settle down, and young Thiago started playing for Galician club Ureca de Vigo. It did not take long for him to attract attention from bigger clubs, and in 2005 the 14 year old became a member of Barcelona's famous youth system, La Masia. After spending the first years progressing through the youth teams he got promoted to Barcelona's B team in the 2008/09 season, where he played 25 games followed up by 18 the following season.
His first team debut came 17 May 2009, replacing Eidur Gudjohnsen in a 2-1 loss away against Mallorca. Still, as promising as he was, he had to wait some time for his breakthrough. In the 2010/11 season he was promoted to the first team, featuring in the match day squad for 23 out of 38 La Liga games. Even though he only started six of those games it signaled how much faith coach Pep Guardiola had in him, particularly when considering the competition for places and the standards they have become used to at the club. It is also just one example of how much faith the club puts in their youngsters.
Those familiar with the history of the Blaugrana will know that identity and fighting for the cause is valued as highly as skill and results, both within the club and amongst their fans. Winning means little if it comes through playing ‘ugly' football, and the Barcelona team we know today is in many ways the culmination of a process started in the late 1980's, when Johan Cruijf was appointed as first team coach; a process that has seen the club set a new standard in the footballing world by creating a perfect blend of identity, aesthetics and results.
This ethos are perhaps stronger at Barça than in any other club right now, and it very much affects the players' nature. Young players are being molded to fit specific roles within their playing system, with heavy emphasis on technical ability and tactical awareness. Thiago is no exception to this.
In the 2011/12 season he got his definite breakthrough. During the summer he was an integral part of the Spanish U21 team who won the European Championship, and before the new league campaign had even kicked off he was given his debut for the senior team, in a friendly game against Italy. During the following season he featured in a total of 45 games for his club – 27 of those in La Liga – and established himself as one of the top prospects in Europe.
Style, Strengths and Weaknesses
The first word that popped up in my head the first time I saw this guy play was ‘swagger'. It is one of my favourite words in the English language (partly because the Norwegian language do not have a good and proper translation for it), and it is definitely the best word you could use if you had to sum him up using just one. There are many technically brilliant players out there, and the Barça squad is loaded with them, but Thiago sticks out in the way he carries himself on the pitch: Head up, posture like a ballet dancer, flair, impeccable first touch and with some of that 360 degree vision we have come to expect from a Barça midfielder. In terms of pure and natural talent, there are not many better than him within their ranks.
His role in the team is as one of the two midfielders ahead of the defensive midfielder. He sometimes plays as the deeper of the two (when Xavi is out), but is perhaps better suited to the more attacking minded role (usually occupied by Iniesta), and has often demonstrated a willingness to make runs into the penalty area as well as good timing in terms of when to pick his moments to go forward.
Still, his main strengths are his superb ball control, technique and composure. He can bring the ball down in just about any situation, never gets stressed, and usually plays the right pass. Like most La Masia graduates he has no problem receiving the ball under pressure, as his combination of ability, composure and awareness of his surroundings means he rarely loses the ball. He also has the ability to do the unexpected, which makes him able to destabilise the opposition and instigate attacking moves from seemingly innocuous situations. This is something which separates him from the rest of Barça's midfielders; his style is more adventurous than the more calculated minds of Xavi, Iniesta and Fabregas.
As with many other technical players, his weakness lies in the physical side of the game. He is not particularly big, strong or quick, and although he makes up for it through sheer footballing ability the question mark revolves around how he would cope playing a different type of football, in a different midfield setup. Even though he has decent body strength and good balance, and also has the Barça work ethic ingrained, I doubt we will see clubs deploying a two-man midfield playing a more direct style of football being after his signature any time soon. If so, it would probably be in a no.10 role, operating at the apex of the midfield. To be fair though, this has more to do with the type of player he is than it being a weakness.
Statistics
(as of January 7th 2013)
Thiago has appeared in a total of 9 league games for Barcelona this season, the Catalan giants have won all of those games. He has primarily appeared as a substitute. Most of his appearances have lasted barely 20 minutes with his highest being 83 that he managed against Real Valladolid. He did however experience a fair amount of game time in the opening 2 games of the season. Nevertheless he has achieved an impressive 94% pass completion rate. This is of course now expected of a Barcelona player.
The game against Getafe on the opening weekend of the 2013 La Liga campaign is arguably his best performance so far this season. He managed almost an hour of game time and controlled the midfield with incredible ease. He was subbed off as Lionel Messi came on to replace him. Below is an illustration of his passing in that game.
As can be seen, much of the youngsters passing was done in the opponents half with a couple of attacking balls but mostly passes to keep the game flowing. He barely found himself with the ball in his own half as Barcelona dominated.
Transfer Situation
He is already competing at the highest possible level; playing in one of Europe's top leagues, for one of the biggest clubs in the world and arguably the best team the world has ever witnessed – meaning the chances of him leaving to fight for trophies and fulfill his ambitions elsewhere are rather slim. He is highly regarded among both coaching staff and fans, and unless he gets plagued by injuries he looks destined to become a mainstay in Barcelona's midfield for years to come.
The only reason why I can see him wanting to leave is if he becomes impatient and gets his head turned by a huge paycheck and promise of first team football week in week out, like when Yaya Toure left for Manchester City. The competition for places is fierce, and with the likes of Xavi, Iniesta and Fabregas ahead of him, plus the emerging Sergi Roberto, nothing can be taken for granted.
This article was written by Christer Eikrem. You can follow him on Twitter @ChristerEikrem.
UPDATE: Thiago Alcantara has joined Bayern Munich.
Special mention to Squawka.com for granting permission to use their data. Featured image from bleacherreport.com
India, seen as a key player in the Paris 2015 UN climate negotiations, Friday called for a “universal” but “not equal” green action in mitigating the challenges of global warming.
“The principle of CBDR (comprehensive but differential responsibility) has been diluted with the demand for a universal action (to combat climate change). Let there be a universal action but it cannot be an equal action,” India's Additional Secretary, Environment, Sushil Kumar said at the 15th Delhi Sustainable Development Summit here.
Under the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change, the principle of CBDR requires developed countries to recognize their historical responsibility as early industrialisers to ensure greater contribution in meeting the climate change challenge.
From the climate agreement at the UN Climate Conference in Paris later this year, “India and other developing countries are looking for retention and reiteration of the principles of CBDR, equity, and respective capabilities of each country… These have to be our guiding principles so that every country is on board,” he said.
Sushil Kumar said the success of the agreement hinged on a comprehensive action that would counterbalance mitigation with appropriate and equal measures for adaptation.
India reiterated its plea for a sustainable availability of funds in the Green Climate Fund that would enable developing countries to adopt ambitious mitigation and adaption action.
“That is a prerequisite otherwise the universal action will not gain much. The IPR cost is to be neutralized by some mechanism, so that each country is able to get new tech which increases its energy efficiency, increases adaptation and reduces carbon emission,” he said.
(IANS)
The board hand-picked by Mayor Michael Bloomberg that must approve his ban of selling large sugar-filled drinks at restaurants might be looking at other targets.
The New York City Board of Health showed support for limiting sizes of sugary drinks at a Tuesday meeting in Queens. They agreed to start the process to formalize the large-drink ban by agreeing to start a six-week public comment period.
At the meeting, some of the members of board said they should be considering other limits on high-calorie foods.
One member, Bruce Vladeck, thinks limiting the sizes for movie theater popcorn should be considered.
"The popcorn isn't a whole lot better than the soda," Vladeck said.
Another board member thinks milk drinks should fall under the size limits.
"There are certainly milkshakes and milk-coffee beverages that have monstrous amounts of calories," said board member Dr. Joel Forman.
Mayor Bloomberg says the drink rules are an attempt to fight obesity in the city. It would limit food service establishments in the city from serving drinks bigger than 16 ounces but would allow refills.
Reports emerged this week from an apparently well-connected Twitter account about a new player on trial with 2018 MLS expansion team Los Angeles Football Club, teenager Steeve Saint-Duc.
The player, a product of Haiti's national development program, was MVP and Golden Boot winner of the 2016 Caribbean Football Union's U-17 Championship, as the Haitians won the title. He also played in the 2017 CONCACAF U-17 Championship, serving as captain as Haiti finished last in their group in that tournament.
Beyond that, there isn't much info out about Saint-Duc's history, which isn't altogether surprising considering his age. Given that he doesn't appear to be on a contract with a professional team at present, he could be a de facto prospect who may or may not be signed on a pro deal.
The Twitter account that broke the news @AFLHaiti, has been following Saint-Duc's story this week, saying the player is also due to trial with the Seattle Sounders, though it is unclear if that was to come before or after the LAFC trial.
Now, if you've followed transfer rumors for any period of time, you may be familiar with the scenario in which an unknown player trials with your local club, only when you look into it, the pieces don't add up and somebody was playing fast and loose with the truth. In this case? The following photo makes me think this one is real.
So consider this trial legit. Will it lead to a signing? That's an entirely different story, one we'll have to wait and see about.
But for those of you wanting to see LAFC make some moves ahead of their inaugural season, between this trial and the signings of Monday Etim and Rodrigo Pacheco, they are clearly looking for possible prospects for next year and maybe beyond.
What do you think? Leave a comment below!
The U.S. State Department is secretly funneling millions of dollars to Latin American journalists, according to documents obtained in June under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). The 20 documents released to this author—including grant proposals, awards, and quarterly reports—show that between 2007 and 2009, the State Department's little-known Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights and Labor channeled at least $4 million to journalists in Bolivia, Nicaragua, and Venezuela through the Pan American Development Foundation (PADF), a Washington-based grant maker that has worked in Latin America since 1962. Thus far, only documents pertaining to Venezuela have been released. They reveal that the PADF, collaborating with Venezuelan NGOs associated with the country's political opposition, has been supplied with at least $700,000 to give out journalism grants and sponsor journalism education programs. Until now, the State Department has hidden its role in funding the Venezuelan news media, one of the opposition's most powerful weapons against President Hugo Chávez and his Bolivarian movement. The PADF, serving as an intermediary, effectively removed the government's fingerprints from the money. Yet, as noted in a State Department document titled “Bureau/Program Specific Requirements,” the State Department's own policies require that “all publications” funded by the department “acknowledge the support.” But the provision was simply waived for the PADF. “For the purposes of this award,” the requirements document adds, “ . . . the recipient is not required to publicly acknowledge the support of the U.S. Department of State.” Before 2007, the largest funder of U.S. “democracy promotion” activities in Venezuela was not the State Department but the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID), together with the National Endowment for Democracy (NED). But in 2005, these organizations' underhanded funding was exposed by Venezuelan American attorney Eva Golinger in a series of articles, books, and lectures (disclosure: This author obtained many of the documents). After the USAID and NED covers were blown wide open—forcing USAID's main intermediary, Development Alternatives Inc. (DAI), a Maryland–based contractor, to close its office in Caracas—the U.S. government apparently sought new funding channels, one of which the PADF appears to have provided. Although the $700,000 allocated to the PADF, which is noted in the State Department's requirements document, may not seem like a lot of money, the funds have been strategically used to buy off the best of Venezuela's news media and recruit young journalists. This has been achieved by collaborating with opposition NGOs, many of which have a strong media focus. The requirements document is the only document that names any of these organizations—which was probably an oversight on the State Department's part, since the recipients' names and a lot of other information are excised in the rest of the documents. The requirements document names Espacio Público and Instituto Prensa y Sociedad, two leading organizations linked to the Venezuelan opposition, as recipients of “subgrants.” Neither organization makes clear its connection to the State Department. Espacio Público, according to its website, is a “non-profit, non-governmental civil association that is independent and autonomous of political parties, religious institutions, international organizations or any government” (emphasis added). Two of three images on the homepage are from anti-Chávez demonstrations. The other “subgrantee,” the Venezuelan chapter of Instituto Prensa y Sociedad (IPyS-Ve), is a Peru-based journalism organization that was started with funding from USAID, and that has continued to receive USAID money while launching a series of attacks on Chávez. It has explicitly opposed Chávez since 2000, when it falsely accused him of harboring Peruvian dictator Alberto Fujimori's fugitive spymaster, Vladimiro Montesinos (Chávez's own authorities later arrested Montesinos and extradited him to Peru). The documents detail a series of grants doled out to unnamed individual journalists. These include two kinds of grants “for innovative reporting and investigative reporting,” with the winning content disseminated online “and to selected independent media audiences.” While we don't know who won these grants, we know that they were substantial. One of them consisted of 10 one-year grants of $25,000 each. For many journalists, especially in Latin America, $25,000 for a year is a high salary. The PADF also holds “2 competitions, one per year, for a total of $20,000 in funding awarded to at least 6 entries.” The PADF's Venezuela program also supports journalism education, which is undertaken to produce investigative work “via innovative media technologies,” according to an “Action Memorandum” for a fiscal year 2007 grant. This grant includes “a series of trainings for local journalists focused on the basic and advanced skills of Internet-based reporting and investigative reporting,” according to the requirements document. The education program engages “a wide range of Venezuelan media organizations and news outlets, including 4 university partners,” where it aims “to establish one course per school on investigative reporting.” PADF proposes targeting not only universities in the capital city of Caracas, but also regional ones in “the Andes, Center East, Zulia and the Western region of the country.” In each region, “the local partners will sign agreements with academic institutions that teach social communications.” The revelations of U.S. funding of Venezuelan journalism comes on the heels of a report released in May by the center-right European think tank FRIDE, which found that since 2002 the United States has spent an estimated $3 million to $6 million every year “on small projects with political parties and NGOs” in Venezuela, with funds distributed through an alphabet soup of shifting and intertwined channels. (The report was removed from FRIDE's website soon after it was publicized.) The PADF journalism program thus appears to be part of a much larger project of propping up the Venezuelan opposition. The Venezuelan journalists and students who benefited from the grants and education may not have known of the State Department funding. Nonetheless, covert foreign state support for ostensibly independent journalism violates basic principles of the profession's integrity.* Look for an expanded version of this article in the September/October edition of NACLA Report on the Americas. *The word covert was added to this sentence on July 18.
Jeremy Bigwood is an investigative reporter whose work has appeared in American Journalism Review, The Village Voice, and several other publications. He covered Latin American conflicts from 1984 to 1994 as a photojournalist. Related Articles: - Chávez Pushes the Limits: Radicalization and Discontent in Venezuela - Venezuela: Rethinking Capitalist Democracy
Get ready, Boston. Self-driving cars are coming to the city's streets.
The city has partnered with the World Economic Forum to launch a yearlong program to test out autonomous vehicles, Mayor Marty Walsh announced Wednesday. The Boston Consulting Group will also work on the initiative.
On-street testing will begin by the end of the year, according to the city. Many of the program's other details, such as how many vehicles will be tested, haven't been solidified.
The idea is to prepare Boston for an autonomous vehicle future.
"We're going to spend the next year working through a couple different scenarios of how self-driving vehicles could impact the urban environment," Kris Carter, the co-chair of the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics, said in a phone interview.
"One of the things we're really interested in exploring," Carter said, "is vehicles that could be fully electric to address some of the climate change goals that are laid out by the city, and then vehicles that might be in a share type model that would get at reducing the number of overall vehicles on the street, and supporting complementary modes — whether that's walking, riding a bike or taking public transit."
The initiative will also support the city's Go Boston 2030 transportation planning effort, which aims to make the city's streets safer, more reliable and more accessible.
Gina Fiandaca, the city's transportation commissioner, said self-driving cars have the potential to reduce roadway crashes.
"Autonomous vehicles won't speed on our roadways," Fiandaca said. "We know that they're a more efficient mode of transportation in many ways, as [the] vehicles can travel safely in closer proximity to one another."
Much has been said about autonomous vehicles changing the future of transportation. But Boston has a host of traffic issues, and the effort to bring self-driving cars to the city represents an interesting challenge: The city's streets are narrow, heavily congested and filled with drivers who are ... rather creative, let's say, about the rules of the road. (Not to mention consistently ranked the worst in the country, according to one insurer's calculations.)
So how will people react to and interact with driverless cars on the roadways?
Bryan Reimer, the associate director of the New England Transportation Center at MIT, said it's crucial to study this because people will be sharing the roadways with autonomous vehicles — or AVs — for some time.
"If the automated vehicles are going to follow traffic law and the rest of us kind of don't, well, the system is not going to flow in the way that it needs to and you're going to see situations ... where you have minor rear-end conditions, and it's an open question: Is it the AV's fault because it didn't go fast enough on green, or is it the following vehicle's fault, because they expected the AV to move like a regular driver?" said Reimer, whose research focuses on how people interact with autonomous vehicles.
Reimer said the human element is one major area where there's more work to be done before driverless cars can begin to get on the road.
Another area is regulation. Karl Iagnemma, the CEO of nuTonomy — a Cambridge-based startup that is currently testing self-driving cars in Singapore — said testing will help determine how the vehicles work in cities like Boston, and could help shape better policies.
"We spend a lot of our time focused on solving those technical problems, but if you've got a technical solution and you don't have the regulatory freedom to operate as a business, you really don't have much," Iagnemma said. "Having that regulatory in place will give companies like mine the confidence to move forward with investments in the city."
As part of the Boston program, the city will develop policy recommendations around self-driving cars. Fiandaca said the city will examine cybersecurity, privacy, equity and "workforce transition as we move into this uncharted territory of autonomous vehicles and how they fit into an existing environment that is heavily dependent on vehicles that are powered by human beings."
Carter, of the mayor's office, said Boston's conditions make the city an ideal testing ground to tackle these challenging issues.
"If the utopian vision of autonomous vehicles is going to land in cities around the world, we'd like to be a part of solving some of those problems here in Boston," Carter said.
To that end, the city plans to tap into the region's technology brainpower.
"With our start-ups and educational institutions, Boston is a leader in technology, robotics and innovation," Walsh said in a statement. "Together with our partners, we know the City of Boston is ready to lead the charge on this transformative technology."
Earlier this month, MIT announced it will create a $25 million research center for autonomous vehicles that will be funded by Toyota. The center will focus on developing systems that allow vehicles to navigate roadways safely without human input. The goal is to reduce traffic casualties — and potentially create accident-proof vehicles.
The city of Boston said it's still working out details of the autonomous vehicle pilot program, including how many vehicles it will test, and the vehicle manufacturers and other potential partners it will work with for the program. Carter said the pilot will likely include a "very small fleet" of autonomous vehicles.
Verstappen, who was narrowly beaten to pole position by Sebastian Vettel at the end of the session, backed out of his first attempt in Q3, meaning he was caught by Bottas entering the final stadium section of the lap.
The Red Bull driver stayed to the left of the track exiting the Turn 12 right-hander that takes the cars into the stadium, but Bottas came very close to making contact with Verstappen as he swept from that side of the track to the right-hand side for the following corner.
Bottas locked up at the left-hand hairpin that followed, and he abandoned the lap, meaning he only had one attempt to decide his grid position with his second run.
"I could see before the last sector that he was quite slow," Bottas told TV crews after qualifying fourth.
"He was just going slowly at the exit of Turn 12 and compromised my line a little bit for 13, and I had a lock-up there, so it definitely ruined my lap."
The Finn added that he had to take slightly more care on his second run to make sure he got a clean lap in, "because I only had one lap before that and that was wrecked".
When asked if he felt Verstappen deserved a penalty for impeding him, Bottas said: "I don't know. It's not up to me.
"I don't know what the rulebook exactly says. What I know is it ruined my lap and I only had one attempt in Q3 instead of two."
However, when pushed on the subject again by more TV reporters, he said: "I think so."
Mercedes team boss Toto Wolff declined to say if Verstappen should be punished, but he told Sky Sports the incident "certainly" destroyed Bottas's lap.
UPDATE: SINCE THIS ARTICLE WAS WRITTEN, NEW STUDIES PROVED THAT THERE ARE MORE GUN-OWNERS IN AUSTRALIA THAN EVER. READ ABOUT THAT HERE.
In 1996 a massacre in Tasmania left 35 people dead, and caused Australia to establish draconian gun control laws. They literally rounded up, destroyed and banned guns. Now the rumor goes, they haven't had any mass shootings since, and that crime has decreased as a result. HINT: not quite.
Enter Obama, who said:
“When Australia had a mass killing, it was just so shocking to the system, the entire country said, ‘Well, we're going to completely change our gun laws', and they did. And it hasn't happened since.”
Okay, we'll get to his false quote in a second, but first, watch the video below.
It's pretty obvious, by the currently measurable barometers that we have available, that Australia's disarmament was a disaster. Maybe they didn't have any more “mass-shootings”. Great. But what about the rest of the crime?
Well, there's argument about whether the gun related homicides and other various crimes have actually increased or not. Some places have the homicide rate increasing at 3.2% along with armed robbery at 44%, while some other stats have them remaining about the same. At the very least, we do know that the policies have not significantly decreased crime. That's not even being debated. Which…considering that the Australian government spent a considerable amount of money on the laws, seems at the very least, disappointing.
That's not to address the most important issue at play here: what the Australian government did was an unfettered act of tyranny. Despite how leftists try to sugarcoat it, the Australian gun “buyback” program was mandatory. That makes it effectively a gun ban. When American leftists support Australian policies, they are absolutely, unequivocally supporting an outright ban on firearms. Disarming a populace is, at it's very core, the denial of a human right to self-preservation.
I acknowledge that maybe some countries get lucky. Maybe they ban guns and crime decreases. It certainly would seem the exception to the rule, but it's certainly not outside the realm of possibility.
That doesn't make it any less tyrannical.
When a woman is facing a psychotic stalker, needing to protect herself from the inevitable attack that will occur, but the government denies her right to protection… that's a travesty.
When somebody finds themselves on CAIR's jihadi watch list and knows beyond any shadow of a doubt that protection of his family is imperative, and the government says “nuh uh”… that's a travesty.
When a woman in Sweden (now the rape capital of the civilized world) faces a religiously-motivated gang-rape, and her only chance at getting out alive, a gun, is removed from her… that's a travesty.
Yes, evil is will always be among us. Yes, bad people will do bad things with guns. That does not, and will never, change the fact that it is morally imperative for law-abiding citizens to maintain their right to self-preservation. Period.
Astronomers are understandanly fascinated with the Epsilon Eridani system. For one, this star system is in close proximity to our own, at a distance of about 10.5 light years from the Solar System. Second, it has been known for some time that it contains two asteroid belts and a large debris disk. And third, astronomers have suspected for many years that this star may also have a system of planets.
On top of all that, a new study by a team of astronomers has indicated that Epsilon Eridani may be what our own Solar System was like during its younger days. Relying on NASA's Stratospheric Observatory for Infrared Astronomy (SOFIA) aircraft, the team conducted a detailed analysis of the system that showed how it has an architecture remarkably similar to what astronomer believes the Solar System once looked like.
Led by Kate Su – an Associate Astronomer with the Steward Observatory at the University of Arizona – the team includes researchers and astronomers from the Department of Physics & Astronomy of Iowa State University, the Astrophysical Institute and University Observatory at the University of Jena (Germany), and NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory and Ames Research Center.
For the sake of their study – the results of which were published in The Astronomical Journal under the title “The Inner 25 AU Debris Distribution in the Epsilon Eri System” – the team relied on data obtained by a flight of SOFIA in January 2015. Combined with detailed computer modeling and research that went on for years, they were able to make new determinations about the structure of the debris disk.
As already noted, previous studies of Epsilon Eridani indicated that the system is surrounded by rings made up of materials that are basically leftovers from the process of planetary formation. Such rings consist of gas and dust, and are believed to contain many small rocky and icy bodies as well – like the Solar System's own Kuiper Belt, which orbits our Sun beyond Neptune.
Careful measurements of the disk's motion has also indicated that a planet with nearly the same mass as Jupiter circles the star at a distance comparable to Jupiter's distance from the Sun. However, based on prior data obtained by the NASA's Spitzer Space Telescope, scientists were unable to determine the position of warm material within the disk – i.e. the dust and gas – which gave rise to two models.
In one, warm material is concentrated into two narrow rings of debris that orbit the star at distances corresponding respectively to the Main Asteroid Belt and Uranus in our Solar System. According to this model, the largest planet in the system would likely be associated with an adjacent debris belt. In the other, warm material is in a broad disk, is not concentrated into asteroid belt-like rings, and is not associated with any planets in the inner region.
Using the new SOFIA images, Su and her team were able to determine that the warm material around Epsilon Eridani is arranged like the first model suggests. In essence, it is in at least one narrow belt, rather than in a broad continuous disk. As Su explained in a NASA press release:
“The high spatial resolution of SOFIA combined with the unique wavelength coverage and impressive dynamic range of the FORCAST camera allowed us to resolve the warm emission around eps Eri, confirming the model that located the warm material near the Jovian planet's orbit. Furthermore, a planetary mass object is needed to stop the sheet of dust from the outer zone, similar to Neptune's role in our solar system. It really is impressive how eps Eri, a much younger version of our solar system, is put together like ours.”
These observations were made possible thanks to SOFIA's on-board telescopes, which have a greater diameter than Spitzer – 2.5 meters (100 inches) compared to Spitzer's 0.85 m (33.5 inches). This allowed for far greater resolution, which the team used to discern details within the Epsilon Eridani system that were three times smaller than what had been observed using the Spitzer data.
In addition, the team made use of SOFIA's powerful mid-infrared camera – the Faint Object infraRed CAmera for the SOFIA Telescope (FORCAST). This instrument allowed the team to study the strongest infrared emissions coming from the warm material around the star which are otherwise undetectable by ground-based observatories – at wavelengths between 25-40 microns.
These observations further indicate that the Epsilon Eridani system is much like our own, albeit in younger form. In addition to having asteroid belts and a debris disk that is similar to our Main Belt and Kuiper Belt, it appears that it likely has more planets waiting to be found within the spaces between. As such, the study of this system could help astronomers to learn things about the history of our own Solar System.
Massimo Marengo, one of he co-authors of the study, is an Associate Professor with the Department of Physics & Astronomy at Iowa State University. As he explained in a University of Iowa press release:
“This star hosts a planetary system currently undergoing the same cataclysmic processes that happened to the solar system in its youth, at the time in which the moon gained most of its craters, Earth acquired the water in its oceans, and the conditions favorable for life on our planet were set.”
At the moment, more studies will need to be conducted on this neighboring stars system in order to learn more about its structure and confirm the existence of more planets. And it is expected that the deployment of next-generation instruments – like the James Webb Space Telescope, scheduled for launch in October of 2018 – will be extremely helpful in that regard.
“The prize at the end of this road is to understand the true structure of Epsilon Eridani's out-of-this-world disk, and its interactions with the cohort of planets likely inhabiting its system,” Marengo wrote in a newsletter about the project. “SOFIA, by its unique ability of capturing infrared light in the dry stratospheric sky, is the closest we have to a time machine, revealing a glimpse of Earth's ancient past by observing the present of a nearby young sun.”
Further Reading: NASA, IAState, The Astronomical Journal
Share Pinterest
Email
Lola Cars International, the British race-car maker in Huntingdon, is lobbying the FIA once again to call for bids for a 13th Formula One team. Lola was one of the unsuccessful applicants when the 13th slot became available after the demise of the U.S. F1 project early in 2010. Since then, Martin Birrane's company has expanded its business to the extent that two-thirds of its turnover comes from outside of motorsports, in sectors such as aviation and defense.
“We're ready and waiting,” said Lola managing director Robin Brundle. “Motorsport is a third of our business, and we're happy to expand in any direction. We're on schedule to hit a turnover of [$40 million] this year, and within five years, we expect to top [$77 million]. But a Formula One program will take us up by tens of millions. We've retained the capability. We can do everything in one building, and we're hopeful that, if the FIA bring back the 13th license, we can bid for it. We'd need to finalize an engine partner so we can design the back of the car when the new engine regulations come [in 2014], but we're ready for it.”
For years a lineup of phone- and cable-industry spokespeople has called Net Neutrality “a solution in search of a problem.”
The principle that protects free speech and innovation online is irrelevant, they claim, as blocking has never, ever happened. And if it did, they add, market forces would compel internet service providers to correct course and reopen their networks.
In reality, many providers both in the United States and abroad have violated the principles of Net Neutrality — and they plan to continue doing so in the future.
This history of abuse revealed a problem that the FCC's 2015 Net Neutrality protections solved.
Here's what happens when cable and phone companies are left to their own devices:
MADISON RIVER: In 2005, North Carolina ISP Madison River Communications blocked the voice-over-internet protocol (VOIP) service Vonage. Vonage filed a complaint with the FCC after receiving a slew of customer complaints. The FCC stepped in to sanction Madison River and prevent further blocking, but it lacks the authority to stop this kind of abuse today.
COMCAST: In 2005, the nation's largest ISP, Comcast, began secretly blocking peer-to-peer technologies that its customers were using over its network. Users of services like BitTorrent and Gnutella were unable to connect to these services. 2007 investigations from the Associated Press, the Electronic Frontier Foundation and others confirmed that Comcast was indeed blocking or slowing file-sharing applications without disclosing this fact to its customers.
TELUS: In 2005, Canada's second-largest telecommunications company, Telus, began blocking access to a server that hosted a website supporting a labor strike against the company. Researchers at Harvard and the University of Toronto found that this action resulted in Telus blocking an additional 766 unrelated sites.
AT&T: From 2007–2009, AT&T forced Apple to block Skype and other competing VOIP phone services on the iPhone. The wireless provider wanted to prevent iPhone users from using any application that would allow them to make calls on such “over-the-top” voice services. The Google Voice app received similar treatment from carriers like AT&T when it came on the scene in 2009.
WINDSTREAM: In 2010, Windstream Communications, a DSL provider with more than 1 million customers at the time, copped to hijacking user-search queries made using the Google toolbar within Firefox. Users who believed they had set the browser to the search engine of their choice were redirected to Windstream's own search portal and results.
MetroPCS: In 2011, MetroPCS, at the time one of the top-five U.S. wireless carriers, announced plans to block streaming video over its 4G network from all sources except YouTube. MetroPCS then threw its weight behind Verizon's court challenge against the FCC's 2010 open internet ruling, hoping that rejection of the agency's authority would allow the company to continue its anti-consumer practices.
PAXFIRE: In 2011, the Electronic Frontier Foundation found that several small ISPs were redirecting search queries via the vendor Paxfire. The ISPs identified in the initial Electronic Frontier Foundation report included Cavalier, Cogent, Frontier, Fuse, DirecPC, RCN and Wide Open West. Paxfire would intercept a person's search request at Bing and Yahoo and redirect it to another page. By skipping over the search service's results, the participating ISPs would collect referral fees for delivering users to select websites.
AT&T, SPRINT and VERIZON: From 2011–2013, AT&T, Sprint and Verizon blocked Google Wallet, a mobile-payment system that competed with a similar service called Isis, which all three companies had a stake in developing.
EUROPE: A 2012 report from the Body of European Regulators for Electronic Communications found that violations of Net Neutrality affected at least one in five users in Europe. The report found that blocked or slowed connections to services like VOIP, peer-to-peer technologies, gaming applications and email were commonplace.
VERIZON: In 2012, the FCC caught Verizon Wireless blocking people from using tethering applications on their phones. Verizon had asked Google to remove 11 free tethering applications from the Android marketplace. These applications allowed users to circumvent Verizon's $20 tethering fee and turn their smartphones into Wi-Fi hot spots. By blocking those applications, Verizon violated a Net Neutrality pledge it made to the FCC as a condition of the 2008 airwaves auction.
AT&T: In 2012, AT&T announced that it would disable the FaceTime video-calling app on its customers' iPhones unless they subscribed to a more expensive text-and-voice plan. AT&T had one goal in mind: separating customers from more of their money by blocking alternatives to AT&T's own products.
NETWORK-WIDE: Throughout 2013 and early 2014, people across the country experienced slower speeds when trying to connect to certain kinds of websites and applications. Many complained about underperforming streaming video from sites like Netflix. Others had trouble connecting to video-conference sites and making voice calls over the internet.
The common denominator for all of these problems, unbeknownst to users at the time, was their ISPs' failure to provide enough capacity for this traffic to make it on to their networks in the first place. In other words, the problem was not congestion on the broadband lines coming into homes and businesses, but at the “interconnection” point where the traffic users' request from other parts of the internet first comes into the ISPs' networks.
An Open Technology Institute investigation that drew on the Measurement Lab's data analysis found these slowdowns were the result of “intentional policies by some of the nation's largest communications companies, which led to significant, months-long degradation of a consumer product for millions of people.” Major broadband providers, including AT&T, Time Warner Cable and Verizon, deliberately limited the capacity at these interconnection points, effectively throttling the delivery of content to thousands of U.S. businesses and residential customers across the country.
VERIZON: During oral arguments in Verizon v. FCC in 2013, judges asked whether the phone giant would favor some preferred services, content or sites over others if the court overruled the agency's existing open internet rules. Verizon counsel Helgi Walker had this to say: “I'm authorized to state from my client today that but for these rules we would be exploring those types of arrangements.” Walker's admission might have gone unnoticed had she not repeated it on at least five separate occasions during arguments.
The court struck down the FCC's rules in January 2014 — and in May, FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler opened a public proceeding to consider a new order.
In response millions of people urged the FCC to reclassify broadband providers as common carriers and in February 2015, the agency did just that.
Since Trump appointed him in January 2017, FCC Chairman Ajit Pai sought to dismantle the agency's landmark Net Neutrality rules. In December, the FCC's Republican majority destroyed all Net Neutrality protections, ignoring the outcry from millions of people.
In the absence of any rules, violations of the open internet will become more and more common.
Don't believe me? Let history be the guide.
***
Will you give a monthly donation of $10 (or whatever you can) to fuel our Net Neutrality fight in 2019? Free Press Action doesn't accept any donations from business, government or political parties — we're funded solely by charitable foundations and individuals like you.
Mauricio Pochettino admits he loves Harry Kane so much his wife has grown jealous, after the striker hit a hat trick in Tottenham's 3-0 thrashing of Apoel Nicosia.
Kane's "perfect" treble, delivered by his left foot, right foot and head, was his first in the Champions League and ninth overall for Tottenham, who now own a commanding position to qualify from Group H.
They rode their luck at times against a spirited Apoel side, who were spurred on by a buoyant home crowd, but in Kane Spurs have arguably the deadliest striker in the world on current form.
The 24-year-old has now scored 11 goals in his last seven games for club and country while his 2017 record shows 34 goals in 30 club appearances.
He becomes the seventh English player to score a Champions League hat trick after Andy Cole, Mike Newell, Michael Owen, Wayne Rooney, Alan Shearer and Danny Welbeck.
Pochettino had said he was "in love'' with Kane after his talisman's double against West Ham on Saturday and he joked he should tread more carefully this time around.
"Now my wife is so jealous -- and his wife too,'' Pochettino said with a smile. "No, I think it's unbelievable. You know, it's Harry Kane.
"He has unbelievable skills in front of goal. He has something special. That is why he is one of the best.
"All the strikers that have this type of level they have something special in front of goals. They are killers. Harry has this special skill.''
Mauricio Pochettino once again expressed his love for Tottenham striker Harry Kane after his hat trick. Getty Images
In a group that is expected to finish with reigning champions Real Madrid and underdogs Apoel at the top and bottom respectively, Tottenham have stolen a march on Borussia Dortmund.
Dortmund's defeat at home to Real on Tuesday means they sit six points behind Spurs, who travel to the Santiago Bernabeu next month.
That match is likely to be billed as a contest of Kane against Cristiano Ronaldo, but Pochettino refused to stoke the fire.
"Cristiano is fantastic, one of the best,'' Pochettino said. "Harry is one of the best and will get better because he's so young. I cannot joke about that because both are fantastic.
"Both are the type of players you want in your team, in the same team.''
Tottenham will head to Spain in confident mood after taking maximum points so far and knowing even defeat would not seriously damage their chances of progress.
"We are going to play against the best team in the world because I think Real Madrid are the best right now,'' Pochettino said.
"This season they are showing they are the best. You never know. We will be very motivated to play them. We know very well the quality they have.
"It's a big challenge for us to try to see what is our level and if we can compete in this type of level.''
Before Kane worked his magic, Apoel could have turned the match their own way but Igor de Camargo was denied by the crossbar and Carlao nodded a free header wide.
"We congratulate the squad because today we competed in a very good way on a difficult pitch, a difficult atmosphere and we gave our best,'' Pochettino said.
"I felt we maybe didn't play our best, it wasn't fantastic the performance, but it was a tough game to win. It was an important three points.''
For nearly as many years as he's occupied the public eye, famed linguist and anarchist philosopher Noam Chomsky has made claims that might have discredited other academics. Perhaps his many books, articles, lectures, interviews, etc. carry such weight because of his “famed linguist” status and his longtime tenure at MIT. But there's more to his longevity as a respected critic of U.S. state power. His voice also carries significant authority because he substantiates his arguments with erudite, granular analyses of economic theory, history, and political philosophy.
We've seen him do exactly this in his fierce opposition to the Vietnam War at the beginning of his activist career, and in his critiques of proxy wars, imperialistic repression, and corporate resource grabs in Latin America and Southeast Asia in decades since.
When it comes to the U.S. domestic scene, one of Chomsky's most pointed and continually relevant critiques addresses the way in which we're led to believe the country's actions overseas justify themselves, as well as its actions upon its own citizens. We might debate whether the U.S. is a democracy or a republic, but according to Chomsky, both notions may well be illusory.
Instead, Chomsky argues in Manufacturing Consent—his 1988 critique of “the political economy of the mass media" with Edward S. Herman—that the mass media sells us the idea that we have political agency. Their “primary function… in the United States is to mobilize support for the special interests that dominate the government and the private sector.” Those interests may have changed or evolved quite a bit since 1988, but the mechanisms of what Chomsky and Herman identify as “effective and powerful ideological institutions that carry out a system-supportive propaganda function” might work in the age of Twitter just as they did in one dominated by network and cable news.
Those mechanisms largely divide into what the authors called the “Five Filters.” The video at the top of the post, produced by Marcela Pizarro and narrated by Democracy Now's Amy Goodman, provides a quick introduction to them, in a jarring animated sequence that's part Monty Python, part Residents video. See the five filters listed below in brief, with excerpts from Goodman's commentary:
1. Media Ownership—The endgame of all mass media orgs is profit. “It is in their interest to push for whatever guarantees that profit.” 2. Advertising—Media costs more than consumers will pay: Advertisers fill the gap. What do advertisers pay for? Access to audiences. “It isn't just that the media is selling you a product. They're also selling advertisers a product: you.” 3. Media Elite—“Journalism cannot be a check on power, because the very system encourages complicity. Governments, corporations, and big institutions know how to influence the media. They feed it scoops and interviews with supposed experts. They make themselves crucial to the process of journalism. If you want to challenge power, you'll be pushed to the margins…. You won't be getting in. You'll have lost your access.” 4. Flack—“When the story is inconvenient for the powers that be, you'll see the flack machine in action: discrediting sources, trashing stories, and diverting the conversation.” 5. The Common Enemy—“To manufacture consent, you need an enemy, a target: Communism, terrorists, immigrants… a boogeyman to fear helps corral public opinion.”
Chomsky and Herman's book offers a surgical analysis of the ways corporate mass media "manufactures consent” for a status quo the majority of people do not actually want. Yet for all of the recent agonizing over mass media failure and complicity, we don't often hear references to Manufacturing Consent these days. This may have something to do with the book's dated examples, or it may testify to Chomsky's marginalization in mainstream political discourse, though he would be the first to note that his voice has not been suppressed.
It may also be the case that media theory and criticism like Chomsky's, or the work of Marshall McLuhan, Theodor Adorno, or Jean Baudrillard (all very different kinds of thinkers), has fallen out of favor in a 140-character world. In the late-80s and 90s, however, such theory received a good deal of attention, and Chomsky appeared in the many venues you'll see in the short video above, excerpted from an almost 3-hour 1992 documentary called Manufacturing Consent, a film made by “die-hard fans,” wrote Colin Marshall in an earlier post, that “curates instances of Chomsky going from interview to interview, debate to debate, forum to forum, making sharp-sounding points about the relationship between business elites and the media.”
Our desire for instant reward and settled opinion may have overtaken our ability to subject the entire phenomenon of mass media to critical analysis, as we leap from cliffhanger to cliffhanger and crisis to crisis. But should we take the time to watch this film and, preferably also, read Chomsky's book, we may find ourselves somewhat better equipped to evaluate the onslaught of propaganda to which we're subjected on what seems like an hourly basis.
Related Content:
Noam Chomsky Defines What It Means to Be a Truly Educated Person
Noam Chomsky & Michel Foucault Debate Human Nature & Power (1971)
Noam Chomsky Talks About How Kids Acquire Language & Ideas in an Animated Video by Michel Gondry
Josh Jones is a writer and musician based in Durham, NC. Follow him at @jdmagness
Image copyright Courtesu Ramanuj Basu Image caption Ramanuj Basu passed the bar exam in Ontario
Last month, the BBC Canada team asked readers about their immigrant experience in Canada as the country celebrates its 150th anniversary. In this story, we look at the difficulty even highly-skilled immigrants face getting work.
Ramanuj Basu arrived in Canada in 2013, excited to begin a master's degree in international business law.
At 29 years old, he had already studied law at the University of London, and had gained practical experience at a Delhi corporate law firm as a senior associate.
But Basu and his wife Veronika decided they wanted to try another country and chose Canada for the "quality of life".
"We looked to it with excitement," he says, even though they were leaving behind family and friends. "You're making the move with great expectations."
They knew there would be some sacrifice. Veronika worked two jobs to support the couple as Basu completed his degree at Toronto's York University. Basu left behind his parents and sister in Delhi.
His father, Manoj, says they were "optimistic" about their success in a new country. Like so many other families separated by distance, he adds, modern communication is a blessing but not the same as seeing his son and daughter-in-law in person.
Basu knew he would need to prove his credentials. So he joined as a summer intern at a big business law firm, despite doing more advanced legal work in India.
Image copyright Courtesy Ramanuj Basu Image caption Ramanuj Basu as a young boy in India with his family
He qualified to practise law in Canada in 2016, but Basu hit a wall he wasn't expecting - getting foreign credentials and work experience recognised.
"I have seen numerous examples of foreign qualified professionals struggling to re-enter their field and in some cases, being compelled to give it up due to financial pressures," he says.
While Basu says Canadians are a "very accepting people" and "very helpful", "professionally, it's a different story".
Many employers told Basu they appreciated his experience but couldn't seem to find a way to make it fit into their organisation.
"No one is willing to recognise the previous experience I had in India," he says.
Canada has long prioritised bringing in skilled immigrants and competes with countries like the UK and the US for their talents.
About 20% of the country is foreign-born and more than half of Canada's immigrant population is highly educated.
People from India are a large part of that group. Between 2006 and 2011, more than 10% of the 1.2 million people who immigrated to Canada came from the south Asian country.
Still, skilled immigrants struggle in the labour market. They face higher unemployment rates and have lower wages than people who are Canadian-born.
Canada's statistics agency says that in 2011, recent immigrants with a university degree earned 79% of the weekly wages earned by their Canadian-born counterparts.
The country also ranks below the OECD average when it comes to matching skilled immigrants to jobs.
The cost of licensing fees, exams and training upgrades for foreign credential recognition can also drain finances.
Basu says he would tell other new immigrants not to count on overseas experience when it comes to looking for a job in Canada, and thinks Indian companies value foreign experience more.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Toronto is among the most diverse cities in the world.
"They tend to view it as exposure to different cultures, different business practices, to different ways of doing things," he says.
While the couple aren't living quite the life they envisioned, Basu says they have settled in and plan to stay.
He eventually found a good job, working in global sanctions at a Canadian bank, though not in the legal profession as he had hoped. His wife has a full-time job and they've bought a flat in the Toronto area.
"I recognise the fact that I am doing far better than a lot of recent immigrants are," he says, but adds it still wasn't an easy experience.
He hopes employers will take a chance on people who pick up and move to another country to build a new life.
"It takes quite a bit of gumption and quite a bit of confidence in yourself, "he says. "Because you are stepping out from what you're familiar with into the unknown. There's merit in that."
"You are showing you are willing to take on new challenges and adapt to them."
Uranium-238 (238U or U-238) is the most common isotope of uranium found in nature, with a relative abundance of 99%. Unlike uranium-235, it is non-fissile, which means it cannot sustain a chain reaction in a thermal-neutron reactor. However, it is fissionable by fast neutrons, and is fertile, meaning it can be transmuted to fissile plutonium-239. 238U cannot support a chain reaction because inelastic scattering reduces neutron energy below the range where fast fission of one or more next-generation nuclei is probable. Doppler broadening of U-238's neutron absorption resonances, increasing absorption as fuel temperature increases, is also an essential negative feedback mechanism for reactor control.
Around 99.284% of natural uranium's mass is uranium-238, which has a half-life of 1.41×1017 seconds (4.468×109 years, or 4.468 billion years).[1] Due to its natural abundance and half-life relative to other radioactive elements, 238U produces ~40% of the radioactive heat produced within the Earth.[2] 238U decay contributes 6 electron anti-neutrinos per decay (1 per beta decay), resulting in a large detectable geoneutrino signal when decays occur within the Earth.[3] The decay of 238U to daughter isotopes is extensively used in radiometric dating, particularly for material older than ~ 1 million years.
Depleted uranium has an even higher concentration of the 238U isotope, and even low-enriched uranium (LEU), while having a higher proportion of the uranium-235 isotope (in comparison to depleted uranium), is still mostly 238U. Reprocessed uranium is also mainly 238U, with about as much uranium-235 as natural uranium, a comparable proportion of uranium-236, and much smaller amounts of other isotopes of uranium such as uranium-234, uranium-233, and uranium-232.[4]
Nuclear energy applications [ edit ]
In a fission nuclear reactor, uranium-238 can be used to generate 239Pu, which itself can be used in a nuclear weapon or as a nuclear-reactor fuel supply. In a typical nuclear reactor, up to one-third of the generated power does come from the fission of 239Pu, which is not supplied as a fuel to the reactor, but rather, produced from 238U.
Breeder reactors [ edit ]
238U is not usable directly as nuclear fuel, though it can produce energy via "fast" fission. In this process, a neutron that has a kinetic energy in excess of 1 MeV can cause the nucleus of 238U to split in two. Depending on design, this process can contribute some one to ten percent of all fission reactions in a reactor, but too few of the about 2.5 neutrons[5] produced in each fission have enough speed to continue a chain reaction.
238U can be used as a source material for creating plutonium-239, which can in turn be used as nuclear fuel. Breeder reactors carry out such a process of transmutation to convert the fertile isotope 238U into fissile Pu-239. It has been estimated that there is anywhere from 10,000 to five billion years worth of 238U for use in these power plants.[6] Breeder technology has been used in several experimental nuclear reactors.[7]
By December 2005, the only breeder reactor producing power was the 600-megawatt BN-600 reactor at the Beloyarsk Nuclear Power Station in Russia. Russia has planned to build another unit, BN-800, at the Beloyarsk nuclear power plant. Also, Japan's Monju breeder reactor is planned to be started, having been shut down since 1995, and both China and India have announced plans to build nuclear breeder reactors. However, after safety and design hazards were uncovered, in 2016 the Japanese government ordered the decommissioning of the Monju reactor which may be completed by 2047.
The breeder reactor as its name implies creates even larger quantities of Pu-239 than the fission nuclear reactor.
The Clean And Environmentally Safe Advanced Reactor (CAESAR), a nuclear reactor concept that would use steam as a moderator to control delayed neutrons, will potentially be able to use 238U as fuel once the reactor is started with LEU fuel. This design is still in the early stages of development.
Radiation shielding [ edit ]
238U is also used as a radiation shield – its alpha radiation is easily stopped by the non-radioactive casing of the shielding and the uranium's high atomic weight and high number of electrons are highly effective in absorbing gamma rays and x-rays. It is not as effective as ordinary water for stopping fast neutrons. Both metallics depleted uranium and depleted uranium dioxide are used for radiation shielding. Uranium is about five times better as a gamma ray shield than lead, so a shield with the same effectiveness can be packed into a thinner layer.
DUCRETE, a concrete made with uranium dioxide aggregate instead of gravel, is being investigated as a material for dry cask storage systems to store radioactive waste.
Downblending [ edit ]
The opposite of enriching is downblending. Surplus highly enriched uranium can be downblended with depleted uranium or natural uranium to turn it into low enriched uranium suitable for use in commercial nuclear fuel.
238U from depleted uranium and natural uranium is also used with recycled Pu-239 from nuclear weapons stockpiles for making mixed oxide fuel (MOX), which is now being redirected to become fuel for nuclear reactors. This dilution, also called downblending, means that any nation or group that acquired the finished fuel would have to repeat the very expensive and complex chemical separation of uranium and plutonium process before assembling a weapon.
Nuclear weapons [ edit ]
Most modern nuclear weapons utilize 238U as a "tamper" material (see nuclear weapon design). A tamper which surrounds a fissile core works to reflect neutrons and to add inertia to the compression of the Pu-239 charge. As such, it increases the efficiency of the weapon and reduces the critical mass required. In the case of a thermonuclear weapon 238U can be used to encase the fusion fuel, the high flux of very energetic neutrons from the resulting fusion reaction causes 238U nuclei to split and adds more energy to the "yield" of the weapon. Such weapons are referred to as fission-fusion-fission weapons after the order in which each reaction takes place. An example of such a weapon is Castle Bravo.
The larger portion of the total explosive yield in this design comes from the final fission stage fueled by 238U, producing enormous amounts of radioactive fission products. For example, an estimated 77% of the 10.4-megaton yield of the Ivy Mike thermonuclear test in 1952 came from fast fission of the depleted uranium tamper. Because depleted uranium has no critical mass, it can be added to thermonuclear bombs in almost unlimited quantity. The Soviet Union's test of the "Tsar Bomba" in 1961 produced "only" 50 megatons of explosive power, over 90% of which came from fusion, because the 238U final stage had been replaced with lead. Had 238U been used instead, the yield of the "Tsar Bomba" could have been well-above 100 megatons, and it would have produced nuclear fallout equivalent to one third of the global total that had been produced up to that time.
Radium series (or uranium series) [ edit ]
The decay chain of 238U is commonly called the "radium series" (sometimes "uranium series"). Beginning with naturally occurring uranium-238, this series includes the following elements: astatine, bismuth, lead, polonium, protactinium, radium, radon, thallium, and thorium. All are present, at least transiently, in any uranium-containing sample, whether metal, compound, or mineral. The decay proceeds as:
U 92 238 → 4.468 × 10 9 y α Th 90 234 → 24.1 d β − Pa 91 234 m { → 1.17 min 0.16 % Pa 91 234 → 6.7 h β − → 1.17 min 99.84 % β − } U 92 234 → 2.445 × 10 5 y α Th 90 230 → 7.7 × 10 4 y α Ra 88 226 → 1600 y α Rn 86 222 Rn 86 222 → 3.8235 d α Po 84 218 → 3.05 min α Pb 82 214 → 26.8 min β − Bi 83 214 → 19.9 min β − Po 84 214 → 164.3 μ s α Pb 82 210 → 22.26 y β − Bi 83 210 → 5 , 013 d β − Po 84 210 → 138.38 d α Pb 82 206 {\displaystyle {\begin{array}{l}{}\\{\ce {^{238}_{92}U->[\alpha ][4.468\times 10^{9}\ {\ce {y}}]{^{234}_{90}Th}->[\beta ^{-}][24.1\ {\ce {d}}]{^{234\!m}_{91}Pa}}}{\begin{Bmatrix}{\ce {->[0.16\%][1.17\ {\ce {min}}]{^{234}_{91}Pa}->[\beta ^{-}][6.7\ {\ce {h}}]}}\\{\ce {->[99.84\%\ \beta ^{-}][1.17\ {\ce {min}}]}}\end{Bmatrix}}{\ce {^{234}_{92}U->[\alpha ][2.445\times 10^{5}\ {\ce {y}}]{^{230}_{90}Th}->[\alpha ][7.7\times 10^{4}\ {\ce {y}}]{^{226}_{88}Ra}->[\alpha ][1600\ {\ce {y}}]{^{222}_{86}Rn}}}\\{\ce {^{222}_{86}Rn->[\alpha ][3.8235\ {\ce {d}}]{^{218}_{84}Po}->[\alpha ][3.05\ {\ce {min}}]{^{214}_{82}Pb}->[\beta ^{-}][26.8\ {\ce {min}}]{^{214}_{83}Bi}->[\beta ^{-}][19.9\ {\ce {min}}]{^{214}_{84}Po}->[\alpha ][164.3\ \mu {\ce {s}}]{^{210}_{82}Pb}->[\beta ^{-}][22.26\ {\ce {y}}]{^{210}_{83}Bi}->[\beta ^{-}][5,013\ {\ce {d}}]{^{210}_{84}Po}->[\alpha ][138.38\ {\ce {d}}]{^{206}_{82}Pb}}}\end{array}}}
The mean lifetime of 238U is 1.41×1017 seconds divided by 0.693 (or multiplied by 1.443), i.e. ca. 2×1017 seconds, so 1 mole of 238U emits 3×106 alpha particles per second, producing the same number of thorium-234 (Th-234) atoms. In a closed system an equilibrium would be reached, with all amounts except for lead-206 and 238U in fixed ratios, in slowly decreasing amounts. The amount of Pb-206 will increase accordingly while that of 238U decreases; all steps in the decay chain have this same rate of 3×106 decayed particles per second per mole 238U.
Thorium-234 has a mean lifetime of 3×106 seconds, so there is equilibrium if one mole of 238U contains 9×1012 atoms of thorium-234, which is 1.5×10−11 mole (the ratio of the two half-lives). Similarly, in an equilibrium in a closed system the amount of each decay product, except the end product lead, is proportional to its half-life.
As already touched upon above, when starting with pure 238U, within a human timescale the equilibrium applies for the first three steps in the decay chain only. Thus, for one mole of 238U, 3×106 times per second one alpha and two beta particles and gamma ray are produced, together 6.7 MeV, a rate of 3 µW. Extrapolated over 2×1017 seconds this is 600 gigajoules, the total energy released in the first three steps in the decay chain.
Radioactive dating [ edit ]
238U abundance and its decay to daughter isotopes comprises multiple "uranium dating" techniques and is one of the most common radioactive isotopes used in radiometric dating. The most common dating method is uranium-lead dating, which is used to date rocks older than 1 million years old and has provided ages for the oldest rocks on Earth at 4.4 billion years old.[9]
The relation between 238U and 234U gives an indication of the age of sediments and seawater that are between 100,000 years and 1,200,000 years in age.[10]
The 238U daughter product (206Pb) is an integral part of Lead–lead dating, which is most famous for the determination of the age of the Earth.[11]
The Voyager spacecrafts carry small amounts of initially pure 238U on the covers of their golden records to facilitate dating in the same manner.[citation needed]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Source: Dori via Wikimedia Commons
A growing amount of research demonstrates that most people consider themselves to be honest, and yet—given the chance—they will take an opportunity to cheat a little in their favor. People fudge time sheets to add a little extra time that they did not actually work. They don't always pay for coffee at the company break room. They don't correct a billing error in their favor at a store or restaurant.
A paper in the September, 2015 issue of the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology by Daniel Effron, Christopher Bryan, and Keith Murnighan suggests that people cheat more at the end of a sequence of tasks than on earlier trials.
In one study, participants were recruited using Amazon's Mechanical Turk, so they were working from their own home without any oversight. They were told that the experimenters were interested in testing telekinetic powers. So, participants were supposed to flip a coin and try to influence it to come up “heads” (half of the participants were told to influence it to come up “tails”). They would get 10 cents additional payment for every flip that came up as they wanted it to. They reported the outcome of each coin flip after they made it.
All participants flipped the coin 13 times. However, some participants were told they were going to flip it 7 times. After the 7th flip, they were told they had 6 bonus flips. A second group was told that they were going to flip the coin 10 times (and then they got 3 bonus flips). A third group was told they were going to flip 13 times. This way, each group thought that their last trial was going to be at a different place in the sequence.
If participants were telling the truth, then on average they ought to report heads about 50% of the time. Overall, participants cheated. There was a tendency to report heads more than 50% of the time. There was also a tendency to cheat more on (what people thought was) the last flip. So, participants who expected 7 flips cheated more on the seventh flip (reporting heads about 65% of the time) than those who expected 10 or 13 flips. Participants who expected 10 flips cheated more on that flip (also reporting heads about 65% of the time) than those who expected 7 or 13 flips. There was a tendency for everyone to the 13th flip (reporting heads about 58% of the time).
In another study, a group imagined what it would be like to participate in this study. They also reported they would cheat more on the very last flip. In addition, participants were asked a number of questions about why they would cheat. People often reported that they would regret not getting the extra payment, which led them to cheat.
One final study looked at individual participants more closely. In this study, participants graded essays on-line. They were given the chance to fill in a time sheet saying how long they spent on each essay. They were paid by the minute. The program used to run the study calculated how long participants spent grading the essays, so that it was possible to compare the amount of time people billed for the essay to the amount of time they actually worked.
In this study, some participants graded 7 essays and others graded 10 essays. They were told in advance how many they would do. Participants grading 7 essays overbilled an extra minute and a half for their last essay, while those grading 10 essays overbilled only about 30 seconds for their 7th essay. The amount of overbilling for participants completing 10 essays went up steadily over the course of the study.
These studies suggest that there is a tendency for people to cheat a little when there is no oversight of their performance. They consistently report a little extra in their favor. However, the tendency to cheat is magnified on the very last trial. People seem to want to take one last chance to get an extra payment, and so they cheat to avoid regret.
Of course, people do not cheat rampantly. They generally have a of being honest people, and they do not want to violate that image strongly. So, they cheat a little around the edges instead.
Finding out that people tend to cheat can be disheartening. The real question is whether we should look at this as the glass being half empty or half full? In these studies, there were no real consequence to cheating. People were not going to get caught. Yet, they largely told the truth. The over-reporting of coin flips and time on task was actually fairly small. So, while people embellish a bit, they are largely accurate in what they report.
Follow me on Twitter.
And on Facebook and on Google+.
Check out my new book Smart Change.
And my books Smart Thinking and Habits of Leadership
Listen to my radio show on KUT radio in Austin Two Guys on Your Head and follow 2GoYH on Twitter and on Facebook.
If you haven't already guessed, the “white sharia” meme is both an elaborate troll and a window into the twisted minds of the misogynists that populate the alt-right. In an article promoting “white sharia” on the gutturally racist website The Daily Stormer, Neo-Nazi provocateur Andrew Anglin wrote “WHITE SHARIA is coming in and it is coming in fast like a SONIC BOOM.”
Anglin defined “white sharia” as the counterpart to “Islamic Sharia AKA Sandnigger Sharia,” and claimed it would be a powerful bulwark against the Jews and their “Islamic hordes.” In essence, it's the idea that the brutal subjugation of women and gays is necessary to protect Western civilization, just like (Andrew Anglin believes) Islamic law does in the Middle East.
In an infographic depicting both ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi and Bane from The Dark Knight Rises, Anglin noted that each version “puts sluts in check,” “throws homos off roofs,” “brutally crushes enemies,” and “eliminates the jewish [sic] problem.” Where they differ, he wrote, is that Islamic sharia is devoted to the “global caliphate” while the goal of “white sharia” is “global white supremacy.”
In a separate article (link is NSFW) about the Antifa woman who was sucker-punched by fellow white nationalist and ex-Marine Nathan Damigo, Anglin cheered on the assault. He claimed the young protester was “EXACTLY the archetype of woman who forced the demand for WHITE SHARIA,” and that “freedom” had “turned her into a hairy porno monster rioting on the street.” And he used the occasion to call for “forcibly marry[ing]-off teenage girls to men who will TAKE CARE OF THEM.”
Of course, Anglin is no stranger to baiting journalists with bogus stories of Taylor Swift being a closet Nazi and New Balance being the official footwear of white people. But to dismiss this meme as purely an effort to tweak liberals would be misguided, since satire — even bad satire — is meant to advance a point of view.
As he later wrote after realizing how many people just didn't get it, “What the meme represents – the symbol behind it – is simply restoring the patriarchal system that all European societies had up until the middle of the 19th century.” He stated that the meme was “serving its purpose,” which is to “change the way people think.”
Elsewhere in the white supremacist ecosystem the “white sharia” meme has been met with some weak resistance.
At Vanguard News Network — their motto is “No Jews, Just Right” — the reaction was mixed, with one forum member writing, “If you want to model our societies after primitive, third-world mudslime shitholes and do it by force then I think you won't find many White women willing to go along with it.”
Joe_Smith explained that “white sharia” is “hyperbole,” meant to restore “normal sexual dynamics.” He added that Muslims are “a bit brutal but way closer to nature than the Jewish west.” Another registered user, carl_sebastian, claimed that there “is a case to be made for reducing females to property” and that no more than one percent of women should be able to vote.
Other white nationalists are far more enthusiastic. Take The War Room, a podcast hosted by white supremacist military veterans Sacco and Vanzetti Vandal, for example. In one episode, the pair joined with Sigurd Vandal, Mayhem Vandal, and Niggy Vandal to discuss “white sharia” and “white rape gangs” — white men who will use rape as a tool to “correct” women's behavior.
In an orgy of male self-pity, one member of the “Vandal Clan” asserted that the criminalization of marital rape was just a way for women to “control births in a marriage.” In response, Mayhem claimed that “there is no such thing as marital rape” because “if ya marry the man, that's part of the fuckin' agreement, he is entitled to the pussy!”
Niggy Vandal stated that good fathers raise good daughters and that they aren't “talking about having white rape gangs against good daughters,” but rather against “women who didn't have good fathers.” “We are going to correct the raising that they had,” he added. “They're 20 to 30 years old, they've had 20 to 30 years of not being raised properly. We've only got an hour or two to fix that.”
Of course, while the War Room crew state openly that the concepts of “white sharia” and “white rape gangs” are satirical in nature, the stated purpose is no less misogynistic. The point, as they claimed in that same podcast, is to move the Overton Window, making the restoration of the patriarchy — from the nuclear family to the highest echelons of government — appear reasonable by championing something even more brutal.
And in an article for his website Vandal Void, Sacco wrote of “white sharia”:
In our skeptical, jaded postmodern milieu, humor is the most effective way to reach people. Satire is the language that American youths speak. The Right Stuff has shown the effectiveness of extremely edgy and convolutedly layered irony. The White Sharia meme, like the helicopter and oven jokes before it, is an extreme form of edgy and ironic humor. It has caused so much controversy only because it has become so popular. It serves as a distant beacon of the patriarchy we as a people need and will one day have. It is both a rallying cry for the disillusioned young men in our movement and their guiding light. The inspiration it is giving these young men will assist them in their future culture creation. When I say we will have White Sharia in White Afghanistan one day, it means that we will have an extreme tribal Patriarchy in the ethno-state. But it also produces real images of what that Patriarchy and that ethno-state could look like. People can imagine themselves with a beard and an AK in the Appalachian Mountains. Images and examples are more powerful than words. That is why joking about White Sharia is more powerful than pleas for returning to traditions that have long since been dead.
Antiquated beliefs about women (and the LGBTQ community) are coded into the very DNA of white nationalism. Its purpose is to restore whites, especially white men, to their “rightful” place at the apex of civilization, no matter how much they attempt to glamorize the lifestyles of so-called “tradwives.”
In white nationalist circles women are routinely degraded and disparaged as “cunts,” “sluts,” “whores,” and “thots” — the latter being an acronym for “that ho over there” which had been riling up feminists since before the alt-right came to prominence.
Matt Forney, a prominent white nationalist and pickup artist, has repeatedly promoted violence against women, including girlfriends and wives, and has even offered tips on how to “get away with it.” In one particularly odious tract, Forney instructed readers to “violate” their partners' sexual boundaries in order to force them to acquiesce to more uncomfortable sex acts later on. “If she doesn't violently resist getting her anus fingered, a little more pressure and you'll be full-on sodomizing her, grinning as she whimpers between each thrust,” he boasted.
Richard Spencer once remarked that women seek white nationalist boyfriends because they are drawn to “alpha genes” and “alpha sperm.” And during the first presidential debate between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, Spencer tweeted, “Women should never be allowed to make foreign policy. It's not that they're ‘weak.' To the contrary, their vindictiveness knows no bounds.”
In one unhinged rant, alt-right vlogger Beardson Beardly directed a torrent of abuse at women and any men who believe they have the capacity to serve as political leaders. He railed against the “fuckin' pussies” who believe women have a role in politics, and called it “unbelievable” that any man would “wanna be led by a woman.” He suggested that any “beta bitch” who disagreed with him should have simply voted for Hillary Clinton and gotten his “dick cut off.”
And men's rights/white supremacist luminary F. Roger Devlin wrote in his seminal book Sexual Utopia In Power that:
The date rape issue can be solved overnight by restoring shotgun marriage—but with the shotgun at the woman's back. The “victim” should be told to get into the kitchen and fix supper for her new lord and master. Not exactly a match made in heaven, but at least the baby will have both a father and a mother. Furthermore, after the birth of her child, the woman will have more important things to worry about than whether the act by which she conceived it accorded with some women's studies professor's newfangled notion of “true consent.” Motherhood has always been the best remedy for female narcissism.
Crank though he may be, Devlin's writings on subjects like rape and “hypergamy” have informed entire generations of men's rights activists, men going their own way (MGTOW), pickup artists, and other manosphere bottom dwellers.
And when women aren't the subject of white supremacists' scorn, they are infantilized — the protection of their physical well-being or chastity were used to justify the brutalization of non-whites. Years ago the allegation of rape by a black man or wolf whistle by a black boy could spell a death sentence in the electric chair or at the hands of violent lynch mobs.
Even today white terrorists like Dylann Roof in South Carolina and James Jackson in New York murdered innocent black men, women, and children in order to save white women. Roof told his victims “I have to do it. You rape our women and you're taking over the country. And you have to go.” “Our” women, implying some type of ownership on Roof's part. Jackson confessed to stabbing an elderly black man to death with a sword in order to intimidate white women, and convince them to not become involved with black men.
As we speak, legislation is working its way to the U.S. Senate that will, if passed, crack down on Latino immigrants and sanctuary cities. Both bills, Kate's Law and the No Sanctuary for Criminals Act, were proposed by Rep. Steve King (R-IA) in response to the 2015 murder of Kate Steinle, a 32-year-old white woman, at the hands of an undocumented immigrant.
King made headlines in the past for claiming racial “sub-groups” other than whites have not contributed to civilization, and that “we can't restore our civilization with somebody else's [read: non-white] babies.” Even more fittingly, Kate's Law was relentlessly promoted by a racist, right-wing television host and sexual harasser.
White nationalists are merely using a carrot-and-stick technique to relegate women to a second-class status. They offer protection from non-white invaders or liberation from today's “degenerate” sexual mores, and, when that fails, resort to violence or threats of violence. The endgame is always the same: control of women's bodies and sexual choices, and the creation of a rigid, patriarchal society where women are utterly silenced.
Ever wonder which movies inspire your favorite bands or how filmmakers work with artists to compile your favorite soundtracks? Sound to Screen is a regular feature that explores where film and music intersect. This time around, he discusses Stephen King's one rock-fueled directorial feature, Maximum Overdrive.
“I'm gonna scare the hell out of you!” – Stephen King, in Maximum Overdrive's 1986 trailer
“The problem with that film is that I was coked out of my mind all through its production, and I really didn't know what I was doing [as the director of the film].” – Stephen King in Hollywood's Stephen King in 2003
What is it about cocaine that amplifies confidence so much? Stephen King promised audiences a scary automotive thriller, only to produce a film of empty ideas. But what a brash accident Maximum Overdrive was. Oh, sure, there's some hefty analytical discourse waiting to be found within Stephen King's Maximum Overdrive. Perhaps it's a post-gas crisis allegory about over-consumption, or a diatribe about the consumer-crazed ‘80s, or something about the rarity of a literary figure being given the keys to movie-making only to blow it. But honestly, that hoity-toity stuff goes straight out the car window the second a pee-wee baseball player's head gets demolished by a steamroller. And King wanted that little moment to be bloodier, apparently.
To that, have you ever actually seen Maximum Overdrive?
It's egregious. It's noxious ‘80s gore mania splattered atop a boneheaded allegory about technology controlling our lives, or something commercially beatnik like that. But here's the rub: King's movie was so bad that time has made it quite enjoyable in a campy, drive-in movie way. Emilio Estevez picks off trucks with automatic rifles, electric knives run amok, and Gustavo Fring from Breaking Bad is electrocuted in an arcade. Mega producer Dino De Laurentiis (King Kong '76, Flash Gordon) had the money, and King had the clout to helm a major movie – Tom Wolfe and Dean Koontz were never afforded that luxury. And King put himself all over the thing. A Green Goblin truck, massive amounts of gore, yokel wisdom and characterizations, and of course, a score from King's all-time favorite band, AC/DC.
That's what brings us here today.
It's been 30 years since King's first and last foray into directing. For a guy known for cranking out quality print chills by the gross, it's fascinating to see him suffer behind the camera. The famed author's film is a feast in idiotic Cinemania. Maximum Overdrive has enjoyed an unreasonably healthy afterlife thanks to its crude action, its unbelievably nonsensical premise, and its crunchy, nasty, oh-so-sweet rock score. Have you ever seen a killer lawnmower make its move with Angus Young, Cliff Williams, and Stevie Young's howling guitars scratching all over each other? Didn't think so. The score is like a heavy-metal attempt at Psycho. But how in the world did all this happen?
In the mid-‘80s, King had developed a strong relationship with Dino De Laurentiis. King was already a name franchise by 1982, with Carrie, Cujo, Christine, The Dead Zone, and The Shining all notable hits “Based on the novel by Stephen King.” De Laurentiis went on to produce a feature adaptation of King's Firestarter in 1984. A modest success at the box office ($17 million on an estimated $15 million budget), the film did better than it sounded given that De Laurentiis had already pre-sold the film to tons of markets. Smooth. With that success, King was offered a chance to draft his own original script for De Laurentiis. The resulting project was Cat's Eye, complete with King's name above the title. Not director Lewis Teague's Cat's Eye. Not De Laurentiis' Cat's Eye. King's Cat's Eye. The three-piece fantasy horror anthology was about strange things seen through the eye of a stray cat, and King was supposedly on set, learning and assisting, to the point where he grew a strong and even familial bond with De Laurentiis.
And this is where it gets good. Apparently, he always wanted to direct.
According to Maximum Overdrive's producer, Martha De Laurentiis (Dino's wife from 1990 until his death), in Slashfilm's terrific oral history of the film, King was not shy about expressing interest in putting down the pen and picking up a camera. The pitch was rooted in one of King's early shorts, Trucks, about mysteriously sentient killer trucks. In the movie? The trucks are powered by a green rotoscope cloud hovering around the Earth. Way to drop the mystery. The cars kill, and even electronics get in on the fun. Gas pumps gain sentience and spray people in the eyes. Soda machines kill with what we can only assume are 100 mph cans. Physics, electricity, logic? All moot. Stuff kills. Whatever stuff King feels like. And Emilo's gotta blow it all up before an abruptly happy ending. Again, it's the dumbest film.
Anyway, the film is the Nashville of killer car movies. Countless people hide in a North Carolina truck stop, trying to ride out the chaos. Why not a cave without modern conveniences? Who knows. But King wanted to rock out.
In the ‘80s, horror films were either going the sonic route of the eerie synth wave (The Thing, A Nightmare on Elm Street, Friday the 13th) or of dread, doom, and gloom, with brass orchestrations like the ones lingering ever so slightly in the shadows of Bernard Herrmann's Psycho score (Poltergeist, An American Werewolf in London). King chose a less conventional route, personally selecting AC/DC to compose a score and new music for this killer car calamity.
The lore here is terrific. King so badly wanted the band to do music for his movie that before filming began, he met them and sang “Ain't No Fun Waiting Round to Be a Millionaire” from Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap in its entirety. AC/DC dug King, thought he was a hoot, and they agreed to score. The music is built on repetitive bass rolls, with a layer of guitars on top, followed by a blast of “ree-ree” guitar screeches. It's like a child of Jaws clads in black leather pants.
Good lord, this score.
As jump-scare swells grow more common and embarrassing in film, AC/DC's score once provided a proud format for that kind of sound. The way the band slinks back and forth, building their guitar-powered growls, actually exudes a sort of over-confidence that's hard not to admire. It's like, well, you ever get drunk and belt out “You Shook Me All Night Long”? It's that same dirty pride that's layered atop Maximum Overdrive. It helps turn the film into a primal, base-instinct sort of thing – like a movie for the Fangoria generation. It's a slick, sick kind of Pavlovian euphoria.
Oh, the music's ear-shattering and a bit laughably dated as well. But it's sure as hell memorable. And the subsequent album, Who Made Who, featuring music from the movie and the eponymous title track, was a modest hit for AC/DC.
“If you want it done right, you have to do it yourself.”
King says that in the trailer, and it's a deeply egomaniacal thing to say of your own film. With all due respect, of course. He also called it “a moron movie” later in his career and “the worst adaptation of his work.” Why he never made movies again. A little too self-deprecating, perhaps. But snoop around the IMDB trivia, and you'll see glimmers of outlandish creativity. In addition to AC/DC scoring, King wanted Bruce Springsteen to star at one point. There were accidents on set (the cinematographer Armando Nannuzzi lost sight in one eye). And the movie was a flop. Universally panned, too. And yet, with King's wacky ideas about cars, tactless direction, and big taste in music, Maximum Overdrive quietly endures thanks in no small part to its director's loud ‘80s and AC/DC's loud rock.
Story highlights Gary Cohn is the director of the National Economic Council and a high-profile Jewish member of the White House
In an interview, he said the Trump administration "can and must do better" condemning hate groups
(CNN) Gary Cohn, the National Economic Council director, was on the brink of resigning after President Donald Trump's freewheeling press conference earlier this month in which he likened white supremacists to counter-protesters in Charlottesville, Virginia.
The moment laid bare uneasy rifts in the White House between Trump's nationalist backers -- including Steve Bannon, who was forced out days later -- and more liberal advisers such as Cohn.
However, a number of embattled administration officials have toyed with the idea of departing the administration amid the chaotic first months of the Trump presidency. Often, they find a compelling reason to stay.
In Cohn's case, people familiar with the situation say he's made no secret of the fact that he's vying to become the next chairman of the Federal Reserve. The potential to land such a prominent position might have been a factor in his decision to stay, they say.
Another source close to Cohn cautioned that while Cohn was very upset, he didn't seriously consider resigning.
Read More
In 1980, or thereabouts, Douglas Harding wrote an article for a new magazine called Aware. I don't think the title took off, but it had on its first front cover a photograph of Douglas's Youniverse Model, which was a brilliantly designed three-dimensional model of what you look like at different distances. Well, not only what you look like, which is the many-layered view in towards you from way out in space to as close as others can get to you – the views that others have of you - but also what you are for yourself, which is your many-layered view out into the world from your empty centre out beyond your human body, beyond your social body, beyond your planetary body, beyond your galactic body... (For more on that subject, see the Hierarchy> pages.) The magazine's owner had a stall at a new-age fair in London and I went with Douglas to help man the stall and try and sell a few Youniverse models. I think we sold one or two! (We've none left for sale now.)Anyway, Douglas's article, in line with the title of the magazine, was called On Being Aware . Here's a comment Douglas makes in this article about the ongoing practice of headlessness:“Seeing what you really are is just about the easiest thing in the world to do, and just about the most difficult to keep doing – at first. Normally, it takes months and years and decades of coming back home, to the spot one occupies (or rather, doesn't occupy – the world does that) before one learns the knack of remaining centred, of staying indoors, of living from one's space instead of from one's face. Nevertheless, now you know how to get there, you can visit home whenever you wish and whatever your mood. And, once over the threshold, you're perfectly at home: here, you can't put a foot wrong. Practice doesn't make perfect here: it is perfect from the start. You can't half see your facelessness now, or see half of it. There are no degrees of enlightenment: it is all, or nothing.”This is the marvellous thing about Seeing. Each time you do it you do it perfectly. What a relief! You can't do it wrong. And if you find you are overlooking your true nature, you know exactly where to look to find it!Aware of being faceless, you see you have no boundaries, are clear like pure water, empty like space – yet this emptiness is full of your view out, of everything that's going on.You can notice this wherever you are. Test this out today. In the supermarket, at home, at work - see you are space for everyone and everything. This is so accessible – just look for your face! What could be easier than this? Yet this leads to the Depth that is the source of all things.Don't miss out on the Depth you are looking out of, the Depth that you are. Though it looks like nothing, it is the greatest resource you have. Live from this emptiness and you will live well.You can't do it wrong!Warm regards,Richard
The Superintendent of the Council Rock School District in Bucks County says the district has experienced acts of vandalism and harassment in the aftermath of the presidential election.In a letter sent to parents Thursday, Dr. Robert J. Fraser cites a number of incidents that took place at Council Rock North High School in Newtown.Fraser says someone drew three swastikas, wrote a derogatory comment about people who are gay, along with the words "I Love Trump," on a paper found hanging in the girls' restroom.In another girls' restroom, Fraser says someone wrote, "If Trump wins, watch out!" directly onto a toilet paper dispenser.In a boys' restroom, two swastikas were reportedly drawn directly onto a restroom stall.Fraser says a Latina student found that a note had been placed in her backpack telling her to return to Mexico.There is a related report of inappropriate comments being made to Latino students as well, Fraser says."I cannot emphasize strongly enough how inappropriate these actions are and that they simply will not be tolerated. These incidents have been reported to the Newtown Township Police Department and an investigation is being conducted by both the police department and the school district," Fraser says.Fraser says by writing the message to parents he hopes they can stop further incidents from occurring."We are better than this, and ours is a community that must be based upon a mutual respect for ALL people, and ALL Council Rock. I regret needing to write this message, and I do want to emphasize that these actions are likely the responsibility of a very small number of individuals whose actions should not damage the reputation of the larger group," Fraser says.
Saturday 27th July - Saturday 3rd August 2019.
This week-long event is the only one of its kind in Northern Ireland and brings together both the Irish and the Ulster-Scots musical traditions in a shared celebration of culture & heritage. Descending upon the city in a series of concerts, masterclasses, workshops, talks and sessions, will be a host of renowned traditional musicians, including BBC Radio 2 Folk Award winner Jarlath Henderson, Scottish piping legend Finlay McDonald, five former winners of the prestigious TG4 Gradam Ceoil awards - Harry Bradley, Edel Fox, John Carty, Mary Bergin & Conor Connolly alongside Kevin Crawford of Lúnasa, John Joe Kelly of Flook, Oisín MacDiarmada of Téada & Ríoghnach Connolly of the Afro Celt Sound System amongst many others.
For five days, hundreds of budding traditional musicians, of all ages, will get the chance to learn from traditional music royalty at the Ulster University, York Street, in a series of masterclasses across 18 instruments. In addition the school will bring jigs and reels to all four corners of Belfast with concerts, demos and talks taking place at EastSide Arts Centre in East Belfast, Cultúrlann McAdam Ó Fiaich in West Belfast, The Duncairn Centre in North Belfast and An Droichead in South Belfast- with the heart of the summer school and a packed programme of free sessions and events located in Belfast's Cathedral Quarter.
As the ABC comes under government scrutiny, staff have been warned not to ''embellish'' or add ''any flourish'' to asylum seekers' claims they have been mistreated by border protection forces.
Head of ABC news content Gaven Morris sent the directive to the organisation's top brass on Friday morning, less than 24 hours after the government announced it would conduct an ''efficiency study'' into the ABC's operations.
Public perceptions on ABC political bias.
In an email obtained by Fairfax Media, Mr Morris instructed senior staff to advise their teams about reporting on ''incidents at sea''. He said staff should ensure that the reports ''stick to the basics''.
''As you know we currently have a set of claims by asylum seekers our editorial teams are continuing to work hard to get an accurate account of and to verify,'' he wrote.
I'm reading each week the Awesome newsletter Founder Weekly bringing a lot of great advices to founders. If you are a founder or a startup investor, it's a must-read! Jeremie Berrebi Co-founder, Kima Ventures Not a week goes by that I don't read almost every story highlighted on the Founder Weekly newsletter. Jonathan Greechan Partner, Founder Institute
Founder Weekly is one of the best collections of articles and advice that I've come across - all delivered to my inbox once a week. Derek Webster Founder & CEO, LocalBonus Every week, Founder Weekly delivers interesting and insightful articles. A must-read, whether this is your first startup or your tenth. I'm always learning something new every week. Steve Kirsch Founder and CTO, OneID
I find something helpful and interesting in every single digest. Gauri Manglik CEO and Co-founder, Fondu Founder Weekly is a fast and easy way to keep up with the though leaders in the startup and technology spaces. The format is quick and easy to pick out the articles of interest. A great resource to look forward to getting each week. John Gordon President, USA Corporate Services Inc.
In this age and time of information explosion , Founder weekly presents a crisp and well curated list of startup news and relevant articles. I look forward to reading every issue of the same. Kabir Khanna CEO, Chalkpad Technologies Founder Weekly is awesome!. It saves me hours every week searching for inspirational articles from other entrepreneurs like me! I am very impressed by the links, quality and relevance of the articles. Nabil Mouzannar Founder, Boullevard
New Delhi: The Election Commission is set to invite technocrats, scientists and representatives of political parties and give them a shot at tampering with the Electronic Voting Machines (EVMs) in a bid to prove they are fool-proof.
"We invite technocrats, scientists and political parties to demonstrate (tampering EVMs). We had thrown open challenge to all naysayers in August 2009 as well. But none could prove or demonstrate -ECI EVMs tamperablilty," a source told CNN-News18.
The move comes in response to Delhi Chief Minister and AAP leader Arvind Kejriwal's challenge to the poll panel wherein he asked for 72 hours to prove that EVM machines can be tampered with.
"Give us 72 hours... I will reveal the software, and tell you how it can be tempered with," Kejriwal said in a press conference on Monday. He also demanded that the upcoming MCD voting in New Delhi be conducted on paper ballots.
Kejriwal also claimed that in Madhya Pradesh's Bhind bypolls, the EC is deploying the same EVMs that were used in Uttar Pradesh polls, which several non-BJP parties say were tampered with.
"A particular machine showed BJP winning and now even the EC has accepted that the machine had come from UP," the AAP leader said, adding that as per law these machines cannot be used before April 26.
AAP has also accused the Election Commission of siding with the BJP, and not functioning as an independent body. “EC is not behaving like a neutral body. They are behaving like an ally of the BJP,” AAP spokesperson Saurabh Bharadwaj had said.
Refuting the allegations, the Election Commission has told the AAP that instead of blaming EVMs, the party should introspect on the reasons for its defeat in Punjab. The Commission said the electronic voting machines (EVMs) are kept in a strong room after results are announced till the 45-day period of filing of election petition by any of the candidates is over.
[/caption]
The Office meets Dexter?
Yes! Ricky Gervais, the creator of The Office and Extras is teaming up with former Dexter showrunner, Clyde Phillips, for a new show called Afterlife, about an atheist who dies and goes to heaven.
They are writing the pilot episode now and plan to film in early 2012, though no studio is yet attached. Gervais will take a cameo role.
On his website, Gervais wrote, “Dexter has consistently been my favourite show of the last five years. When I first saw Clyde's name all over it I knew I had to work with him one day. I found out he was also a fan of my work and we became friends on email and through short conversations on various red carpets. We finally started working on an idea this year and we really hit it off. I am so exited about this project.”
The plot has traces of Gervais' The Invention of Lying, the 2009 film that featured Gervais as a desperate underachiever who introduces the idea of God to a naive society where no one else has yet contemplated the notion of telling a falsehood.
Read more:
Ricky Gervais on ‘The Office' at 10
Ricky Gervais visits NBC's ‘The Office'
‘Life's Too Short' teaser trailer
The Vadodara police on Tuesday detained a man reportedly related to a BJP corporator, for possessing Rs 31 lakh cash of scrapped Rs 1,000 and Rs 500 notes. Acting on a tip-off, the Crime Branch police detained Vaikunt Pawar, brother of Vijay Pawar, BJP corporator of Ward 14, Tuesday.
Advertising
Commissioner of Police Manoj Sashidhar said, “We had a tip-off that such amount was in possession of Pawar. We have also received information that he could have been involved in cases of cheating. We have asked him to explain the source of the cash seized from him and further probe is under way.” Vijay Pawar said, “I am unaware of the case and his detention. Yes, he is my brother, but we do not share a warm relationship as he had been separated from the family after marrying a girl of his choice in 1995.”
Police said that Pawar was detained under the CrPC Act and is being investigated for possible cases of cheating and fraud.
I had never heard of Fat Heads or their Headhunter until a new beer-friend hooked me up with a 6-pack of random bottles. When I found out this was from Ohio and that it had won this crazy number of medals I got pretty excited. Here are some of those awards:
2012 World Beer Cup American Style IPA – Silver
2011 Great American Beer Fest – American-Style IPA – Bronze
2010 Great American Beer Fest – American Style IPA – Silver
2009 Draft Magazine – Top 25 beers in the world
But I don't buy into the hype of awards all too much. From what I've seen there are loads of competitions out there and if you find one specific enough you're guaranteed a medal in it. Bottom line though is that this beer has some clout and hype behind it, time to find out what I think.
Brewery: Fat Heads
Beer: Headhunter
Style: IPA
Alcohol by Volume: 7.5%
IBUs: 87
Ingredients: Columbus, Simcoe, and Centennial hops with Pale, Cana-Pils, Caramalt, and C-15
Beautiful pour with great dark orange color with a strong golden hue through out and amazing layer of off white head.
Pungent hop aroma with loads of orange citrus, grapefruit, and a bit of pineapple action.
Woof, that is an aggressive hop taste. The character of the flavor follows the nose quite well with some added earthyness. There is nothing sweet or balanced about this at all, just massive fruit flavors and loads of hop bitterness.
The mouth feel is sticky which I'm thinking may come from the hop resins. It's light bodied though and has a nice long lasting finish… which kinda coats your tongue and is slightly unpleasant.
Late breaking update: The last sip of the glass was very strong in alcohol and super bitter.
This is a great IPA with lots of the west coast IPA style. I'd prefer a bit more malt to balance things out. One surprise is that it's only 7.5% from the overall character of the beer you would expect something a bit stronger. Likely a result of the lower amount of malt used, another good reason for them to use more malt. But man, who am I to say anything this beer has won lots of awards and it's great to have an IPA this amazing being brewed a few hours away up in Cleveland. This should be available at better beer sellers in the area, but may be hard to come by as there is very limited production.
After having this beer the wife and I headed to Cleveland for a previously planned weekend trip and I decided to add the Fat Head Brewery as part of our trip. We ended up having lunch there, it's a nice brewery/restaurant but unfortunately the menu is full of highly unhealthy food. But we're here to talk about beer which they have an excellent selection of, including their beers plus some from other breweries around the country. The beers and on top of their own were very interesting, to say the least, with lots of “additional flavors” which I'm not going to spend time talking about here because I wasn't a fan of any of them. I also had 8 samples along with lunch so my judging facilities were quite muddled and mixed. It's definitely worth a stop since you can get a sample of any of their beers plus 4-packs of Headhunter!
Oh, and as soon as I saw Headhunter this is what I thought.
6 years ago
(CNN) - Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus said he's not concerned that Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson will tip the scales in November.
"In fact, I see that it's almost a nonfactor," Priebus said on CNN's "State of the Union."
- Follow the Ticker on Twitter: @PoliticalTicker
- Check out the CNN Electoral Map and Calculator and game out your own strategy for November.
With the presidential race in a statistical dead heat, Johnson's presence on the ballot could influence the horse race in crucial battleground states by pulling votes away from GOP nominee Mitt Romney.
However, Johnson's campaign told CNN last month that some of the candidate's popularity comes from former supporters of President Barack Obama in states like Colorado, New Mexico and Nevada.
A new poll released Sunday by the University of Denver showed 47% of likely voters in Colorado said they would vote for Obama, while 43% chose Romney. Four percent, however, indicated they would vote for someone else.
Some have pointed to third-party candidate Ross Perot's significant share of the vote - 19% - in the 1992 presidential election, which is believed to have drawn support away from incumbent President George H. W. Bush.
Johnson, a former 2012 Republican presidential candidate who became the Libertarian nominee in May, is rarely included in national polls, but a recent CNN/ORC International Poll indicated 4% of likely voters back Johnson, while 3% support Green Party candidate Jill Stein. Obama, meanwhile, had 47%, with Romney at 44% when all four candidates were factored in.
However, Priebus argued Johnson lacks the popularity and name recognition to represent a strong enough threat to turn the election for either candidate.
"(Voters) are not going to throw their vote away when we have an election here that's about the future of America. I don't see that happening," Priebus told CNN Chief Political Correspondent Candy Crowley.
- CNN's Dan Merica contributed to this report.
Watch State of the Union with Candy Crowley Sundays at 9am ET. For the latest from State of the Union click here.
Death By a Thousand Stacks is the newest League of Legends quiz produced by Team Liquid, with voiceover by Chris "SirhcEz" Enteria. SirhcEz was swallowed into Summoner's Rift and there's only one thing he can do to survive: stack his Nasus Q! By answering a 10-question quiz on League of Legends gameplay and mechanics you can help him return to the real world. These questions have mixed difficulty—some are suitable for newer players while others prove more of a challenge.Click the fullscreen button for the full experience.
CS:GO Twistzz: “I'm nowhere near my peak and it's going to show this year.” The only thing on Russel “Twistzz” Van Dulken's mind right now is winning the IEM Katowice Major. A Major is one thing that has eluded him. He could almost feel the trophy in his hands at IEM Chicago last year. He could almost see himself up on stage with his teammates, surrounded by confetti, Team Liquid's name flashing on screen. Second just isn't good enough.
Smash Hbox's Flick Picks from 2018 Who needs the Academy! We've got Hungrybox to tell us what's up when it comes to the best movies of 2018 😤
Iraq will resume their World Cup qualifying campaign with a match against Japan on Tuesday, June 13th.
The Lions will play their first competitive match under new manager Basim Qasim, and with only four points from seven games, they go in already eliminated from World Cup contention. But Basim's boys will still be eager to display a solid performance as the rebuilding phase continues.
Japan currently lead the group with 16 points, but are only three points ahead of Australia who sit in third place, meaning the Samurai's will come out all guns blazing on Tuesday.
Last time the two sides met was in Saitama last year. Japan won controversially, scoring the winner on the 95th minute after an earlier dubious decision granted them the advantage.
Japan played out a 1-1 draw with Syria before leaving to Tehran. Qasim's men prepared with two friendlies against Jordan and South Korea, winning and drawing respectively. Dhurgham Ismail and Ali Faez will miss out on the clash through injury and the Japanese will be without midfielders Shinji Kagawa and Makoto Hasebe.
Yalla Iraq!
KICK-OFF: Tuesday, 13/06/17, 1:35pm (BGD)
VENUE: PAS Stadium, Tehran, Iran
RECORD: P-10 W-3 D-2 L-7
LIVE: BeIn Sport
The Essar Group today welcomed the judgement of the special court acquitting its promoters Ravi Ruia and Anshuman Ruia in a case arising out of the probe into the 2G spectrum allocation scam."We are thankful to the court for the judgement as it vindicates our stated position and the court has appreciated it," an Essar spokesperson said in a statement.Besides Ruias, the court also acquitted Vikash Saraf, one of the Essar Group Directors, Loop Telecom Promoters I P Khaitan and Kiran Khaitan , three companies-- Loop Telecom Ltd, Loop Mobile (India) Ltd and Essar Teleholdings Ltd.While the court had earlier charged them with the offence under section 120 B (criminal conspiracy) read with section 420 (cheating) of IPC, substantial charge of cheating was made out against Saraf.The CBI had named them in its charge sheet on December 12, 2011, alleging they had cheated the Department of Telecommunication by using Loop Telecom as a "front" to secure 2G licences in 2008.
If it wasn't for Mystery Science Theater 3000, there would be no Twitter.
Maybe that's an overstatement, but the groundbreaking 1990s cable TV comedy series helped train future generations in the art of creating a clever and humorous commentary track in real-time for whatever they're observing. For Joel and the robots he built aboard the Satellite of Love, that happened to be an endless stream of horrible movies thanks to the two mad scientists who trapped him in space.
Just listen to the show's theme song to learn everything you need to know about the premise:
Now Joel—that being Joel Hodgson, the first ever host and creative mind behind the show—is back, and he's launched a Bring Back Mystery Science Theater 3000 Kickstarter campaign to reboot the series. Hodgson is looking for $2 million to pay for three new episodes of the show. If the campaign earns more than that, there's a possibility of even more episodes, according to a chart Hodgson posted on the page.
As you can imagine MSTies—the name MST3K fans go by—had a lot of questions about the ins and outs of this new series. And Hodgson's Ask Me Anything session on Reddit on the day of his big announcement was an ideal forum to have them answered.
The biggest thing fans wanted to know was which past cast members would be involved. Hodgson, however, made it clear that this new endeavor wasn't “a reunion show.”
“Mike [Nelson, the show writer who replaced Hodgson after he left the series, is] not hosting it, and I'm not either. I think it's important for the show to move on to its next host, just like it always would have if it weren't canceled. That was always the idea for the show—it just wasn't clear because two doesn't make a pattern, and we got canceled before we ever had a third host. “I've invited everyone from the original cast to come back and participate creatively—to write, and hopefully to do cameos as their Mad Scientist characters. I don't know yet who will and won't decide to come back. … To keep the show fresh, I really believe it's important to keep bringing in new talent and keep looking forward.”
Nelson, who is behind another project along with other MST3K alumni called RiffTrax, said on Facebook that he wouldn't be returning. Original mad scientist Trace Beaulieu also succinctly responded on whether he'd be part of the new series:
The show's new host actually has been chosen and can be seen (but only in silhouette, which is as it should be) in the Kickstarter video, Hodgson said. In fact, he told Reddit users that he'll be introducing the new cast in the next few days and promised that fans “simply won't believe it when you hear” who will be playing one of the new mad scientists.
What else did Hodgson reveal during his AMA? Here's a quick recap of what you need to know:
Where Will the New Shows Air?
What Will the New Show Look Like?
Where Will the Show be Produced?
How Did He Come Up With the $2 M Amount?
What Type of Movies Will They Riff On?
Will There Be More Crazy Inventions?
Will There Be New Songs and Music?
How Is MST3K Like Doctor Who?
What About Episodes of the Old Show?
Check out Joel Hodgson's full AMA for more about the future of Mystery Science Theater 3000.
PINEHURST, N.C. — Jason Millard packed his bags, tossed his clubs in the car, and headed off to Pinehurst No. 2 to play in his first major championship.
It should've been the thrill of a lifetime.
Instead, he turned the car around.
"I couldn't be at peace about it," Millard said Wednesday, one day before the start of a U.S. Open he could've been playing in but will have to watch on television — if he can bear to watch at all.
What gnawed at him was maybe, just maybe, he had cheated.
Not intentionally, for sure. Perhaps not at all.
But the lingering doubt was enough for Millard to give up what could be the chance of a lifetime.
"I want to be at Pinehurst right now with a free conscience," he said when reached on his cellphone. "I wish it never happened. Unfortunately, it did."
What happened was a scenario unique to golf, the one sport that relies on its players to largely do their own officiating. Millard may have touched the sand ever so slightly with his club before hitting a plugged shot out of a bunker during sectional qualifying in Memphis, Tennessee, last week. It didn't really affect his shot, but "grounding" a club is against the rules and requires a two-shot penalty.
No one else saw it. There's no video of the shot. And Millard just isn't sure.
"Right about the time I was taking my swing is when I saw what I think was an indentation in the sand," he said. "That little image keeps popping up in my head right now. But it happened so fast. I really don't know."
Millard signed for a 68-68 score, without a penalty, and wound up earning a spot in the U.S. Open. He wanted to celebrate but couldn't. Not with that shot playing over and over in his mind.
Did he ground the club? Was that tiny crevice in the sand really there? Was he just imagining the whole thing?
Last Saturday, Millard and his caddie (who wasn't at the sectional qualifier) headed out from Murfreesboro, Tennessee, for the nearly eight-hour drive to Pinehurst. They made it about 90 minutes before Millard pulled into a convenience store and began searching for a number to the U.S. Golf Association.
He wouldn't be going any farther.
He had decided to turn himself in.
"There was something in my heart," he said, "telling me this didn't feel right."
Millard disqualified himself for signing an erroneous scorecard. If he had taken a two-shot penalty on the day of the qualifier, he still would've missed the Open by a single shot.
"I feel like the way I played that day, I deserved to make it," Millard said. "I've never called a penalty on myself for grounding a club in the bunker. Unfortunately, it happened at the absolutely worst time."
The timing couldn't have been better for Sam Love, who just finished his college career at Alabama-Birmingham. He was the second alternate in Memphis; when Millard dropped out, Love got in.
"I really respect him for that," Love said in the bowels of the Pinehurst clubhouse after a practice round. "He could've easily just played this tournament and nobody would've ever known."
When Love tees off Thursday afternoon in the opening round, Millard will be at home in Tennessee. He plans to watch at least some of the tournament on TV, but knows it won't go down easily.
"I haven't really watched any of the coverage yet," said Millard, a two-time All-American during his college career at Middle Tennessee State. "I'm sure I will at some point, especially the last round. I've played Pinehurst before. I like watching tournaments, especially on courses I've played before."
Of course, he'd much rather be playing.
"Unfortunately, this is what happens in life," Millard said. "Hopefully, I'll be back there one day."
He's already dealt with issues far more serious than missing a golf tournament. His father Eddie, who steered him to the game and drove him to all his tournaments as a kid, died in April 2013 from leukemia. Millard's mother, Debbie, can barely get around after being stricken with multiple sclerosis. Jason, in fact, still lives with his mom when he's not on the road trying to qualify for PGA Tour and Web.com events. He pays her bills, does the grocery shipping, takes care of odds and ends around the house.
Millard was thinking about his dad when trying to decide whether to disqualify himself from the Open.
"He was pretty much my best friend," Millard said. "When stuff would happen, I always called him first. In this instance, I definitely would've called him first, talked to him about it. Unfortunately, I couldn't."
Millard is only 24, with plenty of golf still ahead of him. He surely will have more chances to qualify for the Open.
That said, there are no guarantees in life.
This might be as close as he gets.
If that's the case, at least he can go through the rest of his years with a clear conscience.
"I'm at peace," Millard said, "with my decision."
(Interfax – June 29, 2015)
Russian Prime Minister Dmitriy Medvedev has announced that the Power of Siberia gas pipeline, which is set to run from Russia to China, will be the world's largest infrastructure project, privately-owned Russian news agency Interfax reported on 29 June.
Speaking at a ceremony dedicated to the start of construction of the Chinese part of the pipeline, Medvedev said that a “new phase” had begun in realizing “the largest infrastructure project in the world”.
He lauded the “very high level of cooperation” between Russia and China, which, he said, made the Power of Siberia project possible. He added that the pipeline would “significantly broaden” cooperation between the two countries, “not only in the energy sphere, but in related industrial sectors”.
The pipeline's construction, the prime minister said, “is going according to schedule”.
According to the prime minister, Russia and China plan to cooperate in a wide range of sectors, including atomic energy, the coal industry and the development of new energy sources, Interfax reported later that day.
Medvedev also expressed hope for a speedy agreement with China on the construction of a second gas pipeline, this time along the so-called “Western route”, according to a separate Interfax report published the same day.
“I am confident that in the near future we will reach a final agreement on the construction of a second Sino-Russian gas pipeline, for the supply of gas along the ‘Western route',” Medvedev said.
Like this: Like Loading...
By Pascale Harter
BBC, Mauritania
Fat women are traditionally seen as more desirable Obesity is so revered among Mauritania's white Moor Arab population that the young girls are sometimes force-fed to obtain a weight the government has described as "life-threatening". A generation ago, over a third of women in the country were force-fed as children - Mauritania is one of the few African countries where, on average, girls receive more food than boys. Now only around one in 10 girls are treated this way. The treatment has its roots in fat being seen as a sign of wealth - if a girl was thin she was considered poor, and would not be respected. But in rural Mauritania you still see the rotund women that the country is famous for. They walk slowly, dainty hands on the end of dimpled arms, pinching multicoloured swathes of fabric together to keep the biting sand from their faces. "I make them eat lots of dates, lots and lots of couscous and other fattening food," Fatematou, a voluminous woman in her sixties who run a kind of "fat farm" in the northern desert town of Atar, told BBC World Service's The World Today programme. When they are small they don't understand, but when they grow up they are fat and beautiful
Fatematou
'Fat farm' manager Although she had no clients when I met her, she said she was soon expecting to take charge of some seven-year-olds. "I make them eat and eat and eat. And then drink lots and lots of water," she explained. "I make them do this all morning. Then they have a rest. In the afternoon we start again. We do this three times a day - the morning, the afternoon and the evening." Punishment She said the girls could end up weighing between 60 to 100 kilograms, "with lots of layers of fat." Obesity is seen as a sign a husband cares for his wife Fatematou said that it was rare for a girl to refuse to eat, and that if they did, she was helped by the child's parents. "They punish the girls and in the end the girls eat," she said. "If a girl refuses we start nicely, saying 'come on, come on' sweetly, until she agrees to eat." Fatematou admitted that sometimes the girls cried at the treatment. "Of course they cry - they scream," she said. "We grab them and we force them to eat. If they cry a lot we leave them sometimes for a day or two and then we come back to start again. "They get used to it in the end." She argued that in the end the girls were grateful. "When they are small they don't understand, but when they grow up they are fat and beautiful," she said. "They are proud and show off their good size to make men dribble. Don't you think that's good?" Change However, the view that a fat girl is more desirable is now becoming seen as old-fashioned. A study by the Mauritanian ministry of health has found that force-feeding is dying out. Now only 11% of young girls are force fed. We're fed up of fat women
Yusuf, 19 "That's not how people think now," Leila - a woman in the ancient desert town of Chinguetti, who herself was fattened as a child - told The World Today. "Traditionally a fat wife was a symbol of wealth. Now we've got another vision, another criteria for beauty. "Young people in Mauritania today, we're not interested in being fat as a symbol of beauty. Today to be beautiful is to be natural, just to eat normally." Some men are also much less keen on having a fat wife - a reflection of changes in Mauritanian society. "We're fed up of fat women here," said 19-year-old shop owner Yusuf. "Always fat women! Now we want thin women. "In Mauritania if a woman really wants to get married I think she should stay thin. If she gets fat it's not good. "Some girls have asked me whether they should get fat or stay thin. I tell them if you want to find a man, a European or a Mauritanian, stay thin, it's better for you. But some blokes still like them fat." And while there still men who like their women big, Fatematou is on hand to fatten them up with her years of experience. I asked her if she ever felt cruel, beating and force feeding children? "No! It's not cruel to make girls fat!" she said. "Me, I've seen 10-year old girls give birth. I tell you, 10 years old! "Once they are fat and beautiful they can serve their men well, once they are fat they can be married."
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
For those days when your curls aren't sitting right, try this easy Twist & Pin updo to keep all your hair up.
It really is as easy as Twist & Pin but the style secret is all in the choice of bobby pins. You must use strong, professional quality pins. These are the bobby pins I use.
The styling trick to keeping your bobby pins in place is not to overload the pins with hair. If you open the pin and take in too much hair, you'll find the pins seem to reverse out of your hair and fall out. Instead, lightly weave the pin through your hair. This technique only catches a small amount of hair but connects the twists to the rest of your hair.
MY LATEST VIDEOS
Hairstyle Tutorial: Easy Twist & Pin updo for curly hair
This tutorial was created for She Knows and you can head there to see the written instructions for this Twist & Pin hairstyle.
It really is as easy as Twist & Pin!
Remember to take even sections to keep the twists consistent. You can use bobby pins to pin the twists to each other for more stability.
The Twist & Pin is my favorite hairstyling technique and you can create infinite styles with this customisable look. You can find over 30 different tutorials in my 30 Days of Twist & Pin Hairstyles ebook.
The Twist & Pin is perfect for second day hair, and turns your messy hair into a chic updo that will have everyone asking, how did you do that?
Have you tried the Twist & Pin?
Macs try to be good and warn you about opening program files that just came off the internet. For those who download a lot, or for files that get stuck with the warning, here's how to disable that warning, per-item or permanently.
I ran into this problem with my wife's MacBook, which always asked "Are you sure" about Firefox 3.6.6 after an update auto-downloaded. The prompt wouldn't go away, so I went looking, and Macworld had the answer.
Advertisement
Using the Terminal, Snow Leopard (10.6) users can enter this command, substituting " ~/Downloads " (the Downloads folder inside the user folder) for whatever file or folder where they'd like to prevent future download warnings.
xattr -d -r com.apple.quarantine ~/Downloads
Macworld offers further code tips for disabling the downloading warning, or "quarantine," on 10.5 Leopard systems, and system-wide on any system. It's not something you should do lightly, but if your Mac's download warnings aren't doing more than making you mindlessly click "Open" on every file, you can choose how and when it shows up.
Advertisement
Manage OS X's downloaded file warning system [Macworld]
A Google-conducted survey of 231 infosec pros worldwide has reaffirmed the industry's faith in strong passwords, and achieved consensus about nothing else.
It's almost unfair to make fun of the study's title, “152 Simple Steps to Stay Safe Online: Security Advice for Non-Tech-Savvy Users”, because that's clearly an editorial slip-up (the document [PDF] also includes the note, “ED: Please provide section title”).
What's clear is that infosec types can't agree, on an industry-wide basis, on the content of anything like the Australian Signals Directorate's (ASD's) enterprise-focussed “Essential Eight” safety strategies.
Hence: by asking 231 security pros for their top three pieces of advice, the suffering authors of the study (Robert Reeder, Iulia Ion, and Sunny Consolvo) ended up with a list 152 items long. As the paper dryly notes, “future work is needed to distill the 152 pieces of advice and communicate to users the most important ones”.
The better news, threading through that quagmire, is that at least the most-cited advice was reassuringly “don't be stupid” stuff. Here, we pick out everything with more than 30 mentions:
Advice Mentions Patch systems and software 90 Use unique passwords 68 Use strong passwords 58 Use multifactor authentication 36 Use antivirus software 35 Use a password manager 33
However, to Vulture South's eagle eye (sorry), it's depressing how many things we'd consider obvious lacked traction even among experts.
Advice Mentions Don't open unexpected attachments 19 Limit privileges (don't run as admin) 12 Backup your data 10 Don't trust open networks 4 Lock all devices 4 Don't use Java 4
Two of these least-mentioned strategies (backup, and privilege limitation), are on the ASD's “Essential Eight”, so why experts didn't agree on their importance is a mystery.
As our Googlers said, “it's perhaps unsurprising that users don't follow all the advice on offer—there's a lot of it, it spans diverse areas, and it's not clear where to start. Users are probably not receiving a consistent message on what's most important and exactly what to do in each area”.
We couldn't agree more. ®
Miley Cyrus has been inconsolable since her much-loved dog Floyd died on Tuesday night (April 1), while she was away on tour. “I don't wanna say it because I don't want it to be real… But my precious baby Floyd has passed away,” she tweeted to fans, before admitting: “I am broken.” The “Wrecking Ball” diva then tweeted pics of her beloved pet and asked concertgoers for their understanding. “I'm sorry in advance if I am not myself tomorrow Boston. I will try my best to be my best.”
As it turns out, the 21-year-old did a good job of putting on a brave face and even dedicated her cover of Fleetwood Mac‘s “Landslide” to her lost pup. However, Miley lost her nerve when it came to the part of the show where a giant inflatable likeness of Floyd appears on stage. She stopped singing and broke down sobbing. Her younger sister Noah Cyrus eventually helped the superstar off stage. See the emotional moment after the jump.
Send your best wishes to Miley in the comments below.
Get an eyeful of even more pop music coverage, from artist interviews to exclusive performances, on Idolator's YouTube channel.
With the April 15 deadline for gun registration under the SAFE Act fast approaching, estimates indicate over 90 percent of gun owners have yet to comply.
Making matters worse for elected officials–and Governor Andrew Cuomo (D) in particular–is the fact that many law enforcement officers at various levels have openly stated that they will not enforce SAFE Act requirements.
According to BearingArms.com, while the state waits for the “registration of 1 million firearms designated as ‘assault weapons' under the NY SAFE Act,” leaks believed to be coming from within the New York State Police indicate the number registered to date is “as low as…3,000-5,000 firearms.”
This is figure is impossible to verify beyond a shadow of doubt because a provision in the SAFE Act forbids law enforcement from releasing registration figures.
Breitbart News reported that SAFE Act protesters gathered on March 16 and burned “nearly a thousand gun registration forms.” And on March 28 we reported that NY State Police decided not to enforce the SAFE Act's 7-round magazine limit.
In January of this year The Oneida Daily Dispatch reported that Assemblyman Bill Nojay (R-Pittsford) suggested that law enforcement is not going to be eager to go after those who refuse to comply: “The rank and file troopers don't want anything to do with it. [And] I don't know of a single sheriff upstate who is going to enforce it.”
Nojay continued: “If you don't have the troopers and you don't have the sheriffs, who have you got? You've got Andrew Cuomo pounding on the table in Albany.”
Follow AWR Hawkins on Twitter @AWRHawkins Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A horrified mum has refused to breastfeed her baby after claiming the 'cursed' child was born looking like an 'alien'.
Priyanka Kumari, 25, refused to nurse the deformed little girl after giving birth to her in India on Tuesday.
The baby, who is yet to be named, has a huge growth on her head, is covered in a hardened shell of skin and has bulging eyes.
Her arrival sent shockwaves around the Chakiya district, with curious members of the public flooding to the family home in Banshghat to see the baby in real life.
Many have offered prayers believing she could be an incarnation of a Hindu god.
But Priyanka and her farm labourer husband Balindra Mahto, 34, are convinced "the child is cursed".
(Image: SWNS)
The first-time mum said: "I keep cursing myself for this. When I saw her for the first time, I was shocked.
"I thought to myself - how could I deliver something like this? Now, I am worried about her future.
"I prayed to god and expected a very healthy boy or girl baby.
(Image: SWNS)
"I never thought in my dream that I will be going through such trauma in my life. This baby girl is not normal like other children."
Her husband Balindra added: "I am totally confused. I don't know what to do. I am just following the instructions of the doctors at hospital."
"God could have given her a healthy baby. But now whatever has happened, it's for good. I am praying for her healthy future."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: SWNS)
The baby girl suffers from a rare genetic condition called Harlequin Ichthyosis.
It occurs due to malnutrition and causes thickening of the skin and deformities.
Dr Rajan Sinha who is tending to the baby at the state-run facility, said: "The mother's health condition is good, but we can't say same about the baby.
"In such cases the probability of survival is only one in 10 million cases."
There's something about saying “closed for good.” Kiva Han Cafe poured their last drink today (2/19/2012), but is it for good – or for bad? Some might be impressed that this locally-owned coffee shop lasted for more than 10 years, despite the Starbucks positioned directly across the street.
But there are many reasons why it isn't surprising that Kiva Han remained open this long. The South Craig Street Starbucks has long lines and closes early in the evening (and they always have fruit flies in the pastry case). Heck, Starbucks didn't even have free wireless until sometime last year!
Kiva Han, on the other hand, was a true community coffeehouse, and an Oakland landmark. It's sad to see another good local business bite the dust while a subpar corporate chain thrives. It's not that Pittsburghers weren't supporting Kiva Han. They never lacked hearty patronage. So what crushed them? Perhaps it was the rent they were being charged. The Pitt News mentioned that Kiva Han was paying up to six times more rent than a comparable indie coffee joint in Shadyside (of all places). That sounds like a heavy burden for a business centered around $1.50 cups of coffee.
The developers that own the Kiva Han space also own the building that is occupied by Starbucks (and CMU). Apparently they own quite a bit of the property on that end of Craig Street. Like the storefront a few doors down from Kiva Han that provided a useful mailbox service to local businesses and students, but now it sits there vacant because they could no longer afford the rent. It will probably remain empty until some boring chain comes along wanting to sign a long-term lease. Cross your fingers that it won't be another bank or cell phone store, since Pittsburgh definitely has no shortage of those.
Thankfully, no banks or cell phone stores will be opening in the Kiva Han space (for now). The Bagel Factory, a Pittsburgh franchise, is taking over the corner in March. It's likely that they won't stay open as late as Kiva Han did, but you can still get coffee and breakfast in the mornings.
Back to the rent for a moment… at what point should landlords consider NOT increasing the rent on their tenants? And at what point should they be held accountable for ruining small businesses and contributing to the slow extinction of Pittsburgh-owned ventures?
Ivan Wilkerson Johnson (born April 10, 1984) is an American former professional basketball player who last played for Tanduay Alab Pilipinas of the ASEAN Basketball League. He played college basketball for Cisco College, L.A. Southwest JC, Oregon and Cal State San Bernardino.
Johnson is currently playing in the 3-on-3 basketball league BIG3 playing for Ghost Ballers.
College career [ edit ]
Johnson played college basketball for four different colleges including Cisco Junior College in Texas and Los Angeles Southwest Junior College, where he averaged 22.3 points, 12.2 rebounds and 2.4 blocks per game as a sophomore.[1] He then transferred to the University of Oregon on a scholarship.[2]
Professional career [ edit ]
NBA D-League and Korean Basketball League (2007–2010) [ edit ]
Johnson began his professional career in the NBA D-League where he played for the Anaheim Arsenal and Rio Grande Valley Vipers from 2007-2008. After that, he played in the Korean Basketball League (KBL) with the Changwon LG Sakers and Jeonju KCC Egis from 2008-2010. He was "banned forever" from the KBL for directing the middle-finger gesture at a referee during the final game of the championship series. After the game, the KBL held a meeting and also decided to fine Johnson US$4,448.[3][4]
Atlanta Hawks (2011–2012) [ edit ]
On December 9, 2011, Johnson signed with the Atlanta Hawks.[5] On April 13, 2012, Johnson was sent home and fined an undisclosed amount of money for "conduct detrimental to the team."[6] Just three days later on April 16, 2012, Johnson scored a career high 21 points against the Toronto Raptors.[7][8]
On May 12, 2012, the NBA fined Johnson $25,000 for gesturing, again with his middle finger, at a Boston Celtics fan following the Hawks' elimination from the playoffs.[4]
On September 18, 2012, Johnson signed a one-year deal to return to the Atlanta Hawks.
Zhejiang Golden Bulls (2013) [ edit ]
In August 2013, Johnson signed with the Zhejiang Golden Bulls in China.[9][10]
Brief return to Dallas (2014) [ edit ]
On July 29, 2014, Johnson signed with the Dallas Mavericks.[11] However, he was later waived by the Mavericks on October 25, 2014.[12] On December 5, 2014, he was acquired by the Texas Legends of the NBA Development League.[13] On February 6, 2015, he was waived by Texas.[14]
Talk 'N Text (2015) [ edit ]
On February 18, 2015, Johnson signed with Talk 'N Text Tropang Texters of the Philippine Basketball Association.[15] On April 29, 2015, he helped the Texters to win the 2015 PBA Commissioner's Cup.[16]
RETAbet.es GBC (2015) [ edit ]
In September 2015, Johnson signed with RETAbet.es GBC of Spain for the 2015–16 season.[17] Though, in October he had to leave the team.[18]
Return to Talk 'N Text / Tropang TNT (2016) [ edit ]
On January 13, 2016, Johnson signed once again with the defending champion Tropang TNT as the team's import for the 2016 PBA Commissioner's Cup.[19] Days before the Commissioner's Cup, he was figured in a brawl with two players of Blackwater Elite in the team's tune-up game in Moro Lorenzo Gym. Johnson was suspended for one game and fined 50,000 pesos after the incident.[20]
On February 13, 2016, Johnson was "banned for life" from the PBA and fined 250,000 pesos after he disrespected and cursed the PBA commissioner Chito Narvasa during their game against Meralco Bolts, earlier in the game he was called for a technical foul for second motion on Meralco's Forward/Center Kelly Nabong and a flagrant foul one penalty after he gave an elbow to the face of Meralco's Forward/Center Bryan Faundo and his second technical foul came from his encounter with the commissioner Narvasa that led him to be ejected from the game.[21]
Johnson, through his Twitter account, later apologized to Commissioner Narvasa and thanked the PBA for giving him the chance to return as the import of the Tropang TNT for the second consecutive time.[22] In a press conference, Narvasa accepted Johnson's apology, three days after the incident.[23] The PBA later downgraded the ban order to a suspension good for one season and the fine has been reduced to 150,000 pesos.[24]
Petrochimi Bandar Imam / Caciques de Humacao (2016) [ edit ]
On March 9, 2016, Johnson signed with Petrochimi Bandar Imam of the Iranian Super League.[25] However, he never played for the Iranian team. On April 25, he left Petrochimi and signed with Caciques de Humacao for a second stint.[26]
On December 12, 2016, Johnson signed with Sagesse of the Lebanese Basketball League.
Alab Pilipinas (2017) [ edit ]
After a stint in the BIG3, Johnson returned to professional, 5-on-5 basketball after being signed by the Alab Pilipinas of the ASEAN Basketball League as its new World Import.[27][28] This will be Johnson's third stint playing in the Philippines.
NBA career statistics [ edit ]
Legend GP Games played GS Games started MPG Minutes per game FG% Field goal percentage 3P% 3-point field goal percentage FT% Free throw percentage RPG Rebounds per game APG Assists per game SPG Steals per game BPG Blocks per game PPG Points per game Bold Career high
Regular season [ edit ]
Year Team GP GS MPG FG% 3P% FT% RPG APG SPG BPG PPG 2011–12 Atlanta 56 0 16.7 .513 .333 .720 4.0 .6 .8 .3 6.4 2012–13 Atlanta 69 5 15.0 .520 .077 .618 3.9 .7 .8 .2 6.6 Career 125 5 15.8 .517 .158 .662 3.9 .6 .8 .3 6.5
Playoffs [ edit ]
Year Team GP GS MPG FG% 3P% FT% RPG APG SPG BPG PPG 2012 Atlanta 5 0 10.8 .313 .000 .600 3.4 .0 .6 .0 2.6 2013 Atlanta 6 0 18.0 .462 .000 .667 3.3 .5 .7 .5 6.0 Career 11 0 14.7 .405 .000 .652 3.4 .3 .6 .3 4.5
When Netflix raised its base price for DVD rentals and streaming content by 60% on September 1, they knew they would take a hit. That hit, according to reports, will probably be about one million customers. However, 80% of those departing customers are people who were only using the DVD part of their service and don't realize they can continue to do that at the same price. The price increase is only for people who want to rent DVDs and stream content and people who do stream frequently are likely to stick around, especially since Netflix executives see their serialized TV offerings exponentially increasing in popularity, something they don't expect with DVD rentals. There's much more after the break.
In a report by Paid Content, Netflix revealed their projected losses of one million customers to the price hike.
We know our decision to split our services has upset many of our subscribers, which we don't take lightly, but we believe this split will help us make our services better for subscribers and shareholders for years to come.
Netflix now admits their biggest PR snafu was embracing the price increase and not the fact that users can stick at the lower price if they only want to rent DVDs or stream movies, instead of both. Since everyone had the ability to do both before September 1, everyone was hit with the price increase. But Netflix didn't make a big deal of the fact that you didn't have to pay more if you were willing to change your plan.
That has led to a lot of confusion and problems, especially financially. In fact, public perception and facts about the situation are totally different, according to Business Insider. From Netflix's point of view, losing a million customers won't hurt the bottom line because people who stick with their old service are paying more. But investors see numbers related to the price hike and customer loss, and cringe. The stock has been in a downfall over the past few days when this information was released.
This bump in the road may be part of Netflix's grand plan. The company is slowly trying to move away from DVD rentals because they see DVD as a dying medium. Streaming is the future. As I said above, most of those people sticking around through the price hike are doing so because Netflix's streaming library continues to improve, especially when it comes to TV. Recently they added Mad Men and Breaking Bad to the list, with many more comings. Shows like that are keeping customers around. Netflix chief content officer Ted Sarandos spoke to that point, as reported by Deadline:
The DVD business has a long life in middle America. It's just not part of our future….TV feels more like mini-movies. If I really love a show, the first thing I want to do is watch the next episode. Having to wait a week is pretty frustrating.
I think Sarandos is right. As TV shows get better and better, people are gravitating to them more and more. Just think about your daily life. Odds are you've heard more conversations about Breaking Bad or The Wire in recent years than the Oscar Winners for Best Picture. Even the best movies have a tough time measuring up to the best TV and if Netflix offers those shows in a way that people can just enjoy long marathons, people will pay for it.
What are your thoughts on all of this?
In recent years there has been a steady stream of research showing the power of to reduce . Until now, the specific brain mechanisms of how meditation relieves anxiety at a neural level were unknown.
On June 3, 2013 researchers at Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center published a study titled “Neural Correlates of Mindfulness Meditation-Related Anxiety Relief” in the journal Social and Affective which identifies brain regions activated by mindfulness meditation.
Anxiety is a cognitive state connected to an inability to regulate your emotional responses to perceived threats. Mindfulness meditation strengthens a person's cognitive ability to regulate emotions. "Although we've known that meditation can reduce anxiety, we hadn't identified the specific brain mechanisms involved in relieving anxiety in healthy individuals," said Fadel Zeidan, Ph.D., postdoctoral research fellow in neurobiology and anatomy at Wake Forest Baptist and lead author of the study. "In this study, we were able to see which areas of the brain were activated and which were deactivated during meditation-related anxiety relief."
How does mindfulness meditation reduce anxiety at a neural level?
Mindfulness meditation has long been known as an antidote for anxiety. However, the brain mechanisms involved in meditation-related anxiety relief were unknown. To isolate the brain mechanisms behind mindfulness training the researchers at Wake Forest Baptist employed pulsed arterial spin labeling MRI to compare the effects of distraction in the form of “Attending to the Breath” (ATB) before meditation training and to mindfulness meditation (after meditation training) on the state of anxiety in test subjects.
For the study, the researchers recruited fifteen healthy volunteers with normal levels of everyday anxiety. These individuals had no previous meditation experience or known anxiety disorders. All subjects participated in four 20-minute classes to learn a technique known as mindfulness meditation. In this form of meditation, people are taught to focus on breath and body sensations and to non-judgmentally evaluate distracting thoughts and emotions.
Anxiety was significantly reduced in every session that subjects meditated. Brain imaging found that meditation-related anxiety relief was associated with activation of the anterior cingulate cortex, ventromedial prefrontal cortex, and anterior insula. These areas of the brain are involved with executive function and the control of worrying. Meditation-related activation of these three regions was directly linked to anxiety relief.
Activation of the anterior cingulate cortex—the area that governs thinking and emotion—is the primary region believed to influence a decrease in anxiety. These findings provide evidence that mindfulness meditation attenuates anxiety through mechanisms involved in the regulation of self-referential thought processes. Subjects who exhibited a greater default-related activity (i.e. posterior cingulate cortex) reported greater anxiety, possibly reflecting an inability to control self-referential thoughts.
Interestingly, previous studies on have found that the anterior insular cortex, is the activity center of human empathy. For more on this research please check out my Psychology Today blog, The Evolutionary Biology of Altruism.
Mindfulness and Loving-Kindness Meditation are Complementary
There are many different types of meditation. In general, neuroscientists have been studying the benefits of both mindfulness meditation, in which you focus on sustaining attention and guiding thoughts; and loving-kindness meditation, in which you focus on compassionate thoughts towards yourself and others. Both types of meditation have been proven to change brain structure and have dramatic physical and psychological benefits.
"Mindfulness is premised on sustaining attention in the present moment and controlling the way we react to daily thoughts and feelings," Zeidan said. "Interestingly, the present findings reveal that the brain regions associated with meditation-related anxiety relief are remarkably consistent with the principles of being mindful."
For more tips and research on mindfulness and loving-kindness meditation please check out my Psychology Today blogs: Compassion Can Be Trained, Mindfulness Made Simple, Social Connectivity Drives the Engine of Well-Being and Mindfulness Training and the Compassionate Brain.
Conclusion: Meditation is Secular
Research at other institutions has shown that meditation can significantly reduce anxiety in patients with generalized anxiety and disorders. "The results of this neuroimaging experiment complement the growing body of knowledge about the benefits of mindfulness training by showing the brain mechanisms associated with meditation-related anxiety relief in healthy people," Zeidan said. Adding, "This showed that just a few minutes of mindfulness meditation can help reduce normal everyday anxiety."
Mindfulness and loving-kindness meditation are secular. You don't need to become a Buddhist to incorporate mindfulness training into your daily routine. The Dalai Lama has said that, “In the twenty-first century, even in countries with no previous tradition of Buddhism, interest is growing among ordinary people and scientists. The and discipline described in the Vinaya are the foundation for training both in (shamatha) and insight (vipassana).” He clarifies that with the help of focused concentration our minds have the ability to remain still and by applying analysis we can achieve higher .
Ashima Shiraishi on Horizon, ~8C, Mount Hiei, Kyushu, Japan © Yoshiko Saito So, some might say this is a piece of non-news, but I find it very interesting that Ashima Shiraishi, 14, came very close to repeating Dai Koyamada's Horizon, ~8C, at Mount Hiei, Kyushu, Japan.
This is the project I spent a few days on but fell 3 times from the last hold that was wet😭😭 I definitely cried myself to sleep on my last night 😂 I hope to finish projects like these in 2016!!!!
Yes, the 8C grade is all over the place, but Horizon is more likely to be hard than easy for the grade.
This is what Dai Koyamada said about the grade of this long, steep problem:
So I can say for sure the grade of this problem is at least V15[8C], but I'm not sure where it exactly fits within the range of V15. Is it in the upper V15 region or beyond V15 and in the realm of V16[8C+] – I can't tell.
If things continue like this, it won't be long before the best male climbers need to start watching their backs. Ashima and Janja Garnbret are catching up rapidly...
Ashima Shiraishi is sponsored by: Clif Bar, Evolv, Petzl and The North Face​
She was a shop assistant who earned just £10-an-hour working in the Adidas store in Manchester City Centre, and he was the £120,000-a-week Manchester United star.
Now, Camille Sold is preparing to marry midfielder Morgan Schneiderlin after he jetted her off to the French Riviera and got down on one knee following a whirlwind romance.
Miss Sold, who begun dating the footballer last year, confirmed the happy news on her Instagram account on Thursday morning by posting a picture of the couple toasting their engagement.
Manchester United midfielder Morgan Schneiderlin proposed to girlfriend Camille Sold while on holiday
The couple, who have enjoyed a whirlwind romance after beginning dating last year, got engaged in France
She captioned the post: 'An amazing evening, in an incredible place. Just us and the sound of the waves... Can't describe my feeling... No words, it was just unreal... I feel like the luckiest woman #love #amour #reallove #happiness #engagmentring #29mars2016 #infinity #8.'
The 26-year-old France midfielder suffered disappointment when he was left out Didier Deschamps' squad for the recent friendlies against Holland and Russia.
But the former Southampton star put the snub behind him and made the most of the international break, popping the question to the delight of his partner.
The pair have clearly been enjoying themselves while on their break with Miss Sold posting a string of pictures showing off the picturesque views they were treated to in France.
The midfielder and the management and marketing student from Strasbourg have holidayed together before
The former Southampton star takes a selfie with his partner as they attend the UNICEF gala at Old Trafford
The happy couple pose for a picture on the red carpet after arriving for the event in Manchester last November
Two days ago, she posted a picture of two luscious cocktails with a stunning backdrop of a white, sandy beach and bright azure sea in the luxurious location.
Earlier that day there was a picture of a stunning white terrace looking out over the sea, with perfect blue sky and picturesque cliffs in the distance.
But Miss Sold is clearly not one to live the life of luxury without going out and earning her own crust. Last year, it was revealed she was making £10-an-hour as a shop girl at an Adidas store in Manchester city centre.
Camille Sold from Strasbourg, who began dating her countryman last year, was pictured at work in Adidas store wearing United shirt with Schneiderlin's squad No 28 and her first name
The management and marketing student from Strasbourg was pictured at work in the store wearing a Manchester United shirt with his squad No 28 and her first name.
She earned £15,000-a-year working on the tills and the shop floor of the store, whereas the midfielder pockets more than £5million-a-year.
At the time, the couple were living in the Lowry Hotel in nearby Salford and Schneiderlin was regularly seen picking his girlfriend up from work before they headed back to their temporary home.
It's not yet known if she still works at the store, or if she will continue to work when she is wed to the super-rich footballer, but she looked as though she might have other career hopes a few years ago.
Miss Sold is no stranger to the spotlight having been a contestant on reality TV series KohLanta, France's version of Survivor, in 2012, before being eliminated.
During the show, when she was just 18, she won her share of admirers as she was seen on TV screens rarely wearing more than a bikini.
During an interview in 2012, she told Oops magazine: 'I get plenty of fiery messages and declarations of love on social networks. And even at home! I received letters, bouquets of flowers.'
It is not known exactly where the couple met, but they are both from the Alsace region in France and got together at the beginning of 2015. In May last year, he announced that they were official with a picture of them together on his Instagram account.
He wrote: 'Family dinner with the woman who share my life for 5 months now ! Je t'aime,' with the picture of them cuddling.
It is believed that she later flew out to England to join her partner, shortly before he made the move from Southampton to Manchester, but took the job in a shop while she got to know the city.
Schneiderlin's fiancee cuts a glamorous figure on a night out (left) while he competes in Europa League (right)
(Left to right) Evelina Kamph (Juan Mata's girlfriend), Nicky Young (Ashley Young's wife), Sam Cooke (Chris Smalling's girlfriend), Emma Hyde (Jesse Lingard's girlfriend), Camille Sold (Schneiderlin's girlfriend), Samantha Martial (Anthony Martial's wife), Lisa Carrick (Michael Carrick's wife), Bryony Turner (Sam Johnstone's girlfriend) and Kaya Hall (Phil Jones's girlfriend)
Sold showed her commitment to the cause by revealing her scarf, which has a picture of her partner on it
Since the couple's whirlwind romance began, both Schneiderlin and his partner have regularly kept their Instagram accounts updated with pictures of each other.
Earlier this month, Miss Sold, 21, was among the away supporters at the Etihad Stadium as United secured a narrow 1-0 Premier League victory against noisy neighbours City.
Marcus Rashford popped up with a memorable winner to secure a vital three points for the travelling fans - and Schneiderlin's partner joined in on the celebrations by uploading a video on Instagram.
She uploaded the short clip to her Instagram account, which shows her celebrating the win with the supporters after the final whistle.
The couple enjoy stroll around Manchester last August, just a month after he signed for Premier League giants
The Frenchman poses for a picture with 'these amazing women who rock my world', which he posted online
Frenchman Schneiderlin (left) arrived at Old Trafford last summer in £25million move from Southampton
Miss Sold also showed her commitment to the cause by revealing her scarf, which has a picture of her partner on it.
She wrote: 'Always support my babe even if he has big ears on this scarf.'
Schneiderlin arrived at Old Trafford last summer in a £25million move from Southampton after impressing during seven seasons at St Mary's.
The Frenchman has made 23 Premier League appearances for Louis van Gaal's side this season but has been a victim of the Dutchman's rotation policy.
But he'll be hoping to impress in the remaining eight matches of the season and book a spot in Deschamps' 23-man squad for the European Championship on home soil.
The midfielder cuts a dejected figure during United's Europa League last-32 clash against Midtjylland
RENTON, Wash. – Seattle Sounders FC has signed U.S. National Team captain Clint Dempsey, the club announced today. Dempsey will occupy Seattle's third Designated Player spot. As a Designated Player, he does not return to MLS via the allocation ranking order.
Dempsey, 30, is the captain of the U.S. National Team and has been named the U.S. Soccer Male Athlete of the Year three times, including the past two years. A seven-year veteran of the English Premier League, Dempsey holds the record for most goals (57) by an American in the EPL.
“This is a historic day for Sounders FC and our fans,” said Majority Owner Joe Roth. “Clint is a world-class soccer player who can take this club to a higher level. We have been consistent in our message to the fans that we will spare no expense to win trophies.”
A threat for both club and country, Dempsey ranks second all-time with 35 goals for the U.S. National Team. He ranks ninth with 12 assists and 13th with 99 caps, and became the second player in U.S. Soccer history to score in consecutive World Cups with the equalizer against England on June 12, 2010. He has scored five goals in eight starts for the U.S. in 2013, and has led the team in goals the past two years.
“In doing something of this magnitude we had to make sure we had the right player. Clint Dempsey fits that mold,” said Owner and General Manager Adrian Hanauer. “Clint is a proven winner, a leader and a competitor who we believe will raise the bar for this organization on and off the field.”
The midfielder has spent the past seven seasons in the EPL playing for Fulham and Tottenham Hotspur, making 213 appearances from 2007-13. In his only season with Tottenham in 2012-13, Dempsey scored seven goals with six assists in 29 appearances, including the winner against Manchester United at Old Trafford on September 29, 2012.
“Led by the most dedicated fan base in MLS, the Sounders FC brand has grown each year,” said President Peter McLoughlin. “Bringing a player of Clint's caliber into our organization exposes and enhances our profile around the globe.”
Dempsey first moved to the EPL in 2007, joining Fulham after three seasons in MLS. In six seasons with Fulham, he scored 52 goals and recorded 18 assists in 184 appearances, including a career-high 17 goals in the 2011-12 season. In his first full season with Fulham, he led the club with six league goals and played in 36 of the team's 38 matches. Over the next two seasons, Dempsey scored a total of 16 goals across all competitions. On April 22, 2010, he became the first American since DeMarcus Beasley in 2005 to play in the semifinals of a European competition.
“I am very excited about coming back to the MLS and thrilled to be joining Sounders FC,” said Dempsey. “Having recently played in Seattle with the National Team, I experienced the incredible atmosphere and the passion from the supporters first-hand. It's going to be an honor to represent the fans in Seattle.”
In his final two seasons with Fulham, Dempsey tallied 29 league goals in 74 appearances, leading the team in scoring in 2010-11 with 12 goals. Dempsey recorded eight braces and one hat trick in his EPL career, and was twice voted the Player of the Year for Fulham by the fans.
The 2004 MLS Rookie of the Year and two-time Best XI player, Dempsey returns to MLS after beginning his professional career with the New England Revolution in 2004. In three seasons with New England, Dempsey scored 25 goals and recorded 14 assists in 71 appearances.
A native of Nacogdoches, Texas, Dempsey attended Furman University in South Carolina.
Transaction: Seattle Sounders FC (MLS) – Signed MID Clint Dempsey
CLINT DEMPSEY
Position: Midfielder
Height: 6-1
Weight: 170
Born: March 9, 1983
College: Furman
Hometown: Nacogdoches, Texas
Citizenship: United States
Twitter: clint_dempsey
Previous Clubs: New England Revolution (MLS; 2004-06), Fulham (EPL; 2007-12), Tottenham Hotspur (EPL; 2012-13)
Facts brought out in the case revealed a Wild West sales environment at the Wyndham property. Employees routinely flouted rules and regulations by making oral promises to customers that differed from the terms of the voluminous contracts they signed when making a purchase. Moreover, Wyndham employees charged with policing sales representatives, according to Ms. Williams, were paid based on those representatives' production, an obvious conflict.
Wyndham's sales goals for employees were impossible to meet if representatives adhered to the company's policies and regulations governing time-share sales, Robert Parker, a former sales executive, testified in depositions. When sales at the Canterbury lagged, he explained, something known as “TAFT days” came into play.
“TAFT is the acronym for ‘tell them any frigging thing,'” Mr. Parker testified. “In other words, it didn't matter what you said. We need business. Today's your day. Just tell them whatever you got to tell them. That's what TAFT is.”
Mr. Parker did not reply to an email seeking comment.
What would happen if a customer complained? Typically, a company official would ask the sales representative who worked with the customer about the facts outlined in the complaint. The representative would inevitably dispute the customer's report, and the complaint would be closed, labeled unsubstantiated, the former sales executive testified.
Another executive, an area vice president who oversaw about $300 million in annual sales at the company was asked how many complaints he had seen while working for Wyndham. Tens of thousands, he testified.
Like many companies, Wyndham set up a phone number that employees could use to alert management to problems. But after Ms. Williams reported abuses on what's known as “the Wyntegrity line,” her bosses began retaliating. According to testimony from a former high-level Wyndham executive, Ms. Williams was “not supporting the agenda there, was not being part of the system.”
After Wyndham fired Ms. Williams, she encountered further obstacles. Initially, for example, four other Wyndham colleagues joined her in suing the company. But Wyndham struck financial settlements with them one by one and they bowed out of the suit. After settling, one former colleague turned on Ms. Williams, testifying against her on behalf of Wyndham at the trial. The jury did not appear to find the testimony credible, Ms. Williams's lawyers said.
(From the E-i-C: This is it for us in 2015. We're taking a 2 week break to recharge the brains and spend time with friends and family. Have a wonderful holiday. See you in 2016.)
By: Daniel Cabrera (@CaberaERDR)
The gamification of medical education has been a trending idea, but unfulfilled promise for some time. The concept of using elements from ludic games has been adopted by primary and secondary educators for several decades; artifacts like badges of merit, prize oriented tasks and increasing complexity of objectives (i.e. leveling up) are common place in many non-medical education learning settings. (A caution, while these techniques may be common place, they are often poorly understood.)
Gaming, really.
The idea of gaming as a reputable activity became more attractive with the emergence of generations of teachers and learners adept at digital gaming, ranging from the classic consoles (Atari or Nintendo) to massively multiplayer online role-playing games (World of Warcraft). Although the archetype of gamers as geeks drinking mountain dew, eating pizza and living in their parent's basements is present and pervasive, truth is most gamers are late 30's with disposable outcome and (questionable) disposable time invested in these alternative worlds, young professionals and blue-collars workers with day time jobs and families but devoted to this activity.
Video games represent a 100 billion US dollar industry with each American spending around 21 minutes per day playing. This industry not only sparks large revenue but also careers in game development as well as scholar activity and game-related science. In case you didn't know you can get your PhD in “video games” or have a lofty life as a game developer or engineer. Digital games are a legit and respectable area of knowledge.
With increasing understanding of the core neuroscience that underpins gaming, as well as research in related ideas (e.g., non-linear gameplay), allow leveraging of digital games for teaching and training. The availability of personal devices (e.g., phones) with access to the gaming platforms (e.g., Steam) permits a basic anywhere-anytime access to games. Industries such as the military are harnessing this potential at a very rapid rate, off-loading classic face-to-face, face-to-blackboard and face-to-simulator time for these new learning platforms.
Level up, key concepts
Gaming encompasses a spectrum of activities that involve competition, a set of rules and a defined reward. From constructivist perspective games inhabit the Kolb model of learning: concrete experience, reflection, conceptualization and application (experimentation).
Gaming constitutes a model with constant deliberate practice, where there is a clear objective, the observed outcomes from the last action are rapidly analyzed and incorporated in the mental script for the task and implemented in the next round of actions. A game needs to be easy enough to start playing but difficult enough to be interesting. This explains why most games are arranged around discrete tasks (destroy the alien ship), a series of levels (destroy the current alien fleet) and a long term objective (stop the invasion of earth). From a theoretical perspective the parallelism between gaming and learning is very attractive.
In Medical Education
Current evidence does not support the use of gaming in medical education. More precisely there is no robust data to support that gaming is better than other learning techniques. But it doesn't have to be. I don't think anybody would suggest the sole use of gaming as the learning method for medicine. Gaming is probably helpful in some scenarios, but quite inadequate in others.
The big promise of gaming in #MedEd is the facilitation of a learner directed, stealth and asynchronous spaces of learning. Stealth refers to the principle of delivering knowledge and skills within the framework of a game in a manner that is perceived not as an industrial instructional method but instead as a community and personal journey of growth and enjoyment. The learner is in the drivers seat, determining the route and speed. This creates a sentiment of empowerment and control that is key for gaming and advisable for learning.
A few systematic reviews have looked into didactic instruments that used gaming techniques and their impact in outcomes. The source material is not of strong quality and usually small, single center interventions aimed at psychomotor skills (e.g., surgical techniques) or raw medical knowledge (e.g., game-show style quiz). Most instruments reviewed did not impact behavioural outcomes in learners.
There are some practical and conceptual challenges obstacles to use gaming techniques in medical education. The difficulty in creating a game that is engaging, enjoyable, entertaining, educational and scalable is enormous; also we still don't have a common language and standard gametrics to assess impact, engagement or even enjoyment. Matching the game to the curriculum requires a robust knowledge both of games, learners and content.
What we get wrong and how it dooms gaming
I think the problem with gaming in medical education is we put the label of gaming on a well-crafted, goal oriented, multi-level tool with a clear set of rules and rewards. The pejorative of “game” disguises a good instructional system tool.
Games must be epic; games need themes, history and cultural clues to make them identifiable and relevant. Part of the attractiveness of games is their function as a cultural myth, informing the personal identity and narrative that imbues the learner's life. It is no fun to be the best intern in the Name-Causes-of-Hypomagnemesia game. What people and gamers want to be is Jessica-the-Magnesium-Dragon-Slayer in a hero's journey narrative.
Jane McGonigal describes gamers as super empowered hopeful individuals. For a game to fully function as an instructional method, it needs to be affirmative of the players self-aspiring image, create a community for engagement and social interaction and validation, where the activity contained in the game has a group effect and most importantly, the game needs to provide a relevant, even transcendental, meaning. It is lame to be the best at magnesium but is profound to help friends solve difficult cases.
What a good medical education game looks like
It is an epic journey over a solid road
It is an epic journey
The games offer the prize of achieving something incredible, worthy of my journey
The game provides a meaningfully narrative arch and origin myth
The game provides a platform for self-affirmation or creation of an identity
The game provides a community of practice (community, domain, practice)
The actions of the game have a clear, measurable impact, and I get pride/satisfaction from it
Over a solid road
The game needs to be grounded in a clear curriculum of knowledge and skills
The game requires a set of rules, clear goal, scoring system and reward system
The game needs to be fun, entertaining and engaging
The game requires instantaneous, short, mid and long feedback loops
The game allows for a trainee-player model, the learning is in control of the experience
The game has a clear and explicit evaluation system
The game allows for infinite-play (continuous deliberate practice) until expert level is achieved
References and Further Reading
Image 1 from JD Hancock via flickr under Creative Commons License CC2.0
Image 2 from G.B. Kitchen, J. 64 Humphreys / Trends in Anaesthesia and Critical Care 4 (2014) 63e66
Inadvertent war in Korea is more likely now than at any point in recent history. Whereas a second Korean war has always been possible, clashing U.S. and North Korean “theories of victory” — beliefs about what it takes to successfully coerce and control escalation — now make it plausible, even probable.
Patterns of bluster and brinkmanship have of course long characterized affairs on the Korean Peninsula. For “Korea watchers,” there's a perverse comfort in the predictability of a situation that, to the uninitiated, sometimes looks anything but stable.
So on some level, the rhythm of recent saber-rattling between the Trump administration and North Korea recalls the perverse comfort of typical Korea policy. On a recent visit to South Korea, Vice President Mike Pence cited U.S. attacks in Syria and Afghanistan as indications of U.S. resolve against North Korea. This statement followed numerous officials confirming that the administration is contemplating preventive strikes against the North, and a recent policy review on North Korea yielding one overarching imperative: “maximum pressure.” North Korea's rhetoric and posturing has been no less confrontational and no less familiar. As Pence departed Alaska for South Korea, North Korea attempted a submarine-launched ballistic missile test that failed. Upon news that a U.S. carrier group was headed to its neighborhood, North Korea responded that “a thermonuclear war may break out at any moment” and that it's “ready to react to any mode of war desired by the U.S.”
These words and deeds themselves are more heated than usual, but unremarkable in the context of all that's come before. North Korea routinely threatens war, often summoning images of a future mushroom cloud. The United States routinely dispatches aircraft carriers, bombers, and other strategic military assets in hopes of signaling resolve while actually registering little more than displeasure with North Korean behavior. The notion of “maximum pressure,” moreover, only differs from the approach of past U.S. presidents in the ambiguous adjective “maximum.” Pressure is the historical mean of U.S. policy toward North Korea. My concern is not with these observable dynamics to date, but rather with what lies beneath them, and what may be coming soon as a consequence.
It's getting harder to ignore that the Pentagon, under Secretary Jim Mattis, may have a coercive theory of victory that largely mirrors that of North Korea under Kim Jong-Un. The danger is in the fundamental incompatibility of these disturbingly similar sets of strategic beliefs.
U.S. Signaling Antagonism
Senior U.S. military officers have repeatedly and publicly claimed that “Deterrence=Capability x National Interest x Signaling.” This aggressive formula is at odds with best practices from deterrence theory, as I discuss in my forthcoming episode of “Pacific Pundit.” Placing direct causal emphasis on using the military to signal resolve toward an adversary is mistakenly provocative, even antagonistic. It risks goading an adversary into aggressive actions, thereby bringing about deterrence failure. It ignores how and why military signals are taken seriously by adversaries, which has less to do with the wielding of a weapon than the history of proven willingness to use it. And it wrongly implies the need to take positive military action — for example, by deploying assets that would be necessary for prosecuting a war, like an aircraft carrier — just for stability to hold, to say nothing of what it might take to coerce your adversary into doing something they might otherwise not do. When signaling is treated as a cause and deterrence as an outcome, virtually any offensive action can be logically justified on the grounds that it helps buy the United States the deterrence it already has.
So, if moving ships and bombers around on a map were the full extent of U.S. plans to apply “maximum pressure” to North Korea, then U.S. policy might struggle to achieve its aims, but it would be no more dangerous than usual. In the context of this distorted formula, however, there are two interrelated differences that give reason to worry. First, the most direct reason that past crises with North Korea have not bubbled over into war was American restraint. The historical record of U.S.-North Korea relations reveals the surprising extent to which North Korea was poised to automatically retaliate and escalate in response to U.S. uses of force that never took place. Second, numerous administration sources have conveyed that the Trump administration is willing to launch preventive strikes in response to unspecified North Korean provocations, potentially even in response to non-violent actions like nuclear testing. This would be unprecedented. The United States has almost never threatened offensive action against North Korea; retaliatory action in response to violence sure, but never threatening to draw first blood. As crazy as such a move sounds, it would be consistent with a more offensive theory of victory that believes it necessary to do something more than uphold defense commitments. As I outline below, the preventive use of force— which is logically justifiable when signaling is mistakenly believed to be a cause of deterrence — clashes rather explosively with North Korea's own theory of victory.
The Pentagon's belief that sustained deterrence rests on communicating resolve through military posturing rather than through upholding commitments is in keeping with an expectation that war in Korea would be Kim Jong-Un's responsibility, not America's. A U.S. general assigned to Korea recently told the press, “Our biggest concern is that he's going to miscalculate. That's always our concern.” This kind of thinking overlooks the interdependence of North Korean strategic decision-making with our own. A North Korean attack is most likely in response to it misinterpreting America's aggressive signaling as something more dramatic or imminent than Washington intends.
In fairness, the U.S. military's faith in the ability to signal resolve through military assets predates the Trump administration. Some version of the deterrence formula above was occasionally espoused by military counterparts when I served in the Pentagon during the Obama administration. The difference is that the Obama administration was notoriously risk-averse, and the White House micromanaged the Department of Defense, allowing it very little discretion on policy matters. But the Trump administration appears to be a much more permissive — even enabling — environment for such coercive beliefs, if only because of Mattis's reputation as a hawk and the prominence of the Pentagon in President Trump's national security policy to date.
Clarifying North Korea's Theory of Victory
America's more assertive theory of victory is not, on its own, a recipe for war. And in contexts outside Asia, seeking deliberate friction might be useful. For example, in situations where adversaries doubt U.S. resolve, where military signals don't risk being mistaken for war, and where adversaries lack the ability to meaningfully retaliate against U.S. interests, such an assertive stance could be productive. But none of that applies to North Korea. The acute danger of offensively oriented U.S. thinking about coercion is that North Korea thinks in largely the same way, and has a massive, diverse retaliatory capability at its disposal.
I recently reviewed two newly translated documents from Soviet archives, obtained by the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars. They relayed conversations between senior North Korean officials and their Soviet counterparts on the day after North Korea shot down a U.S. EC-121 reconnaissance aircraft, killing all 31 Americans on board. The documents were written by the Soviet ambassador to Pyongyang, reporting conversations with senior North Korean officials. These documents strongly suggest that North Korea has a highly offensive, highly reputational theory of victory toward the United States, believing that
military force has political value, escalation is a reliable means of de-escalation, provocations help deter “US aggression,” and retaliating when attacked is essential to maintaining credible deterrence.
In other words, North Korea's formulation for how to deter war places high emphasis on offensive signaling through low-level violence, provocations, and retaliation if attacked. Extrapolating how an adversary thinks from evidence dating to 1969 would normally be difficult to justify, but in this case the documents are simply illustrative, reinforcing a mounting body of analysis that suggests North Korea's theory of victory is disturbingly escalatory.
When Theories Collide
We have in Korea a clash of strategic beliefs that will make it hard to avoid locking into what scholars describe as a “spiral model” of conflict: A scenario in which punitive action intended to deter the adversary leads to adversary retaliation or even more aggressive behavior. Conflict spirals are historically rare, but so are the conditions found on the Korean Peninsula. If both sides believe too fervently in the value of military signaling to achieve deterrence, then both are primed to respond to the signals of the other with still more provocative signals. The underpinning intention of both may be defensive, but because of what they believe about shows of resolve, each is primed to respond adversely to the other.
The alternative need not be unqualified appeasement. Recent research on the history of failed rapprochement with North Korea expects that accommodating an adversary is much harder than many foreign policy doves expect. Instead, stability is more likely if the United States adapts its deterrence posture to account for North Korea's coercive theory of victory — retaliating when attacked but not attacking first — and remembers that making good on threats and promises over time has a much more meaningful impact on preventing adversary aggression than military signaling alone ever will.
I hope I'm wrong about the Pentagon's theory of victory. But if I'm not, and the United States is going down a more offensive path with North Korea, where does it end, and how?
Van Jackson, PhD is a Senior Editor at War on the Rocks and host of the Pacific Pundit podcast series. In June, he joins Victoria University of Wellington as a Senior Lecturer in International Relations. In addition to previously serving in the Office of the Secretary of Defense and the U.S. Air Force, he is author of the unusually expensive book Rival Reputations: Coercion and Credibility in US-North Korea Relations (Cambridge University Press, 2016). The views expressed are his own.
Image: CC
Piastri takes double pole.
Third front row lock out for TRS Arden.
Championship leader Caroline sixth fastest.
Entire field covered by just over a second.
16 SEPTEMBER, 2017 – Oscar Piastri carried his front-running Friday form into qualifying on Saturday at Silverstone for the F4 British Championship certified by FIA – powered by Ford EcoBoost with a sublime double pole position. Team-mate Alex Quinn left it late to qualify second and in doing so ensured TRS Arden secured its third front row lock out of the campaign.
Piastri could be found at the top of the timesheet for much of the 20 minute session. However, he was pushed hard, not only by team-mate Quinn, but Fortec Motorsports' Oliver York. The Andy Priaulx Sports Management backed rising star enjoyed a spell on provisional pole, briefly breaking Piastri's stranglehold on the session with a 57.873s lap with just under five minutes remaining.
Piastri promptly responded with a 57.743s lap and then proceeded to better it on his following flying laps. A 57.610s would prove to be his best and his string of fast laps earnt him pole for the final race of the weekend based on second-fastest times.
“I went out there and did exactly what I needed to do,” said poleman Piastri. “It's going to be tough to get the championship now with the gap to Jamie Caroline. All I can do is get pole positions and wins and we'll see what happens.
“I've been fast every time I've been here and we were fastest for pretty much the whole session. I'm really pleased with my performance and as a team we're performing so well.
“I knew my pace was pretty strong because I was able to close up to Jamie pretty comfortably when I was behind him on track earlier in the session.
“We were P2 in the dry yesterday and P1 in the wet, and this morning I have put it on pole so I think we're in a very good place whatever the conditions will be during the rest of the weekend.”
Quinn crashed the front row party in the dying seconds of the session on his final run with a lap of 57.826s, demoting York to third alongside team-mate Hampus Ericsson. The latter putting in his best qualifying performance of the season to earn a front row grid slot in the final race of the weekend.
“It was very difficult out there, the track was improving every lap and I managed to pull a lap out of the bag on my final flyer,” explained Quinn. “It's great that Oscar got pole and we have another front row lock out for the team.”
“It's going to be a close race, particularly the battle between myself at Oscar and especially at the start. Hopefully we can bring home big points for the team.
“I was a bit worried when the red flag came out because I wasn't sure I could get the temperature in the tyres in time, but I stayed calm, brought the tyres in and just got the temperatures right on my final lap to hook things up.”
Behind the all-Fortec second row, can be found an all-Carlin third row with Logan Sargeant beating championship leader Jamie Caroline to fifth on the grid by just 0.009s.
“I'm feeling pretty relaxed,” said Caroline. “We can afford to start sixth given where we are in the championship. I'll be sending it around the outside in the race to climb up the order!
“Our tyres went off towards the end and I struggled for front end grip whereas others got quicker.
“I know my race pace is strong and our best is yet to come this weekend. We'll be up there fighting for the top spots.”
Karl Massaad was Double R's highest qualifier in seventh, with Friday pacesetter Linus Lundqvist only capable of 15th after making contact with the wall in the pit lane.
Johnathan Hoggard ensured all Fortec Motorsports-prepared cars qualified inside the top 10 ahead of Patrik Pasma and Olli Caldwell.
The first F4 British Championship certified by FIA – powered by Ford EcoBoost race of the Silverstone weekend follows at 1600.
F4 British Championship certified by FIA – powered by Ford EcoBoost
Provisional qualifying times Silverstone 16 September 2017
Round 25 grid order
1 Oscar PIASTRI / AUS / Arden 57.610s
2 Alex QUINN / GBR / Arden 57.826s
3 Oliver YORK / GBR / Fortec 57.873s
4 Hampus ERICSSON / SWE / Fortec 58.028s
5 Logan SARGEANT / USA / Carlin 58.084s
6 Jamie CAROLINE / GBR / Carlin 58.093s
7 Karl MASSAAD / LEB / Double R 58.141s
8 Johnathan HOGGARD / GBR / Fortec 58.158s
9 Patrik PASMA / FIN / Carlin 58.290s
10 Olli CALDWELL / GBR / Arden 58.321s etc.
Round 27 grid order (based on second-fastest times)
Piastri – Ericsson – Quinn – Caroline – Sargeant – York – Hoggard – Simmons – Pasma – Massaad etc.
Full times
Adult asylum seekers who lie about their age and pretend to be children are being placed in schools alongside pupils as young as 11, headteachers have warned.
School leaders disclosed they had uncovered cases of men in their 20s - who have misrepresented their age in a bid to bolster their refuge claims - being sent to school alongside young children.
One headteacher in Kent, Michael Waters, said he had been sent a pupil said to be aged 15 or 16, only to subsequently find out he was aged 20 or 21.
Mr Waters, headteacher at St Anselm's RC Secondary School in Canterbury, said immigrant children - who arrive without parents - were also being placed in schools in a "random and haphazard" way with few checks on their backgrounds.
Mr Waters said: "While we have great sympathy with those unaccompanied asylum seekers who arrive in England in need of education and support, this does present a difficult position for schools.
"We are being asked to admit pupils to our schools with very little information. Sometimes there is doubt about where they come from, and what age they are."
Mr Waters said the majority of applicants come from or claim to come from war-torn countries in the Middle East such as Syria and Iraq, or from Turkey, Iran, Azerbaijan, Turkmenistan and Afghanistan.
"While I recognise that there is a very difficult balance to strike here, this lack of information and uncertainty could be seen as a safeguarding issue for schools," he said.
"Quite rightly, schools are held to the very highest standards when it comes to keeping children safe.
"I believe that there have to be serious questions asked in some cases about the wisdom of immediately placing these children into mainstream educational settings."
Nicki Martin, headteacher of pires Academy secondary school, in Hersden, near Canterbury, said: "There appears to be an increasing number of them being placed in the local area, judging by the increase in the applications to us since September.
"While many of these are genuine cases and we will do all that we can to support these young people, a minority are not.
"As a school we have to be increasingly vigilant, given the lack of information that is provided.
"Safeguarding our pupils is paramount."
Kent County Council, the local education authority, has legal duty to take care of "unaccompanied minors" who claim asylum in the county.
The council insisted that effort was made by social workers to determine asylum seekers' age as accurately as possible and the children should not be "demonised" or assumed to be a risk because they are asylum seekers.
Jo Toscano, a spokesman for the county council, said: "When they arrive in Kent, they are rigorously assessed by skilled social workers and educational assessors who are experienced in making an informed judgement about their age.
"In many cases, due to the lack of records or disruption in their home country, there is no way to check this information.
"In very rare cases where asylum seeking children have been found to be older than the age they claimed, action has immediately been taken to remove them from school and to inform police and the Home Office.
"In such cases, there is no evidence to suggest other pupils have been placed at risk."
President Obama's summer reading list is full of literary fiction. So is Richard Branson's list of the books that influenced him the most. Both icons are exceptionally busy guys. Why do they make time in their tight schedules for literary classics or classics in the making?
Perhaps because they've intuited a reality that scientists are just now beginning to conclusively document -- reading great fiction has a unique ability to improve our emotional intelligence.
The scientific case for why literature is worth your time.
The connection between complex literature and enhanced emotional skills was first highlighted by David Kidd and Emanuele Castano, a pair of psychologists at the New School. Several years ago they published a study in the influential journal Science that showed reading literary fiction was linked with an improved ability to better read fine emotional cues on people's faces.
But not everyone was convinced by that study. Critics noted that the pair had used only a few somewhat random samples of literary and genre fiction to test their ideas. Could you really make such sweeping generalizations from such a limited experiment, they asked. So Kidd and Castano designed a follow-up study.
This time around, instead of having study subjects read a bit of Don DeLillo or Louise Erdrich , they asked more than 2,000 people how many of a long list of authors' names they recognized. Those who knew more authors of literary fiction, they reasoned, could be assumed to have read more of the stuff. Then the psychologists once again administered a test that asked participants to look at images of eyes and discern which emotion the person pictured was feeling.
"There was a clear pattern in the findings - the more literary fiction authors that participants recognized, the better they tended to perform on the emotional recognition test, and this association held even after statistically accounting for the influence of other factors that might be connected to both emotion skills and reading more literary fiction, such as past educational attainment, gender and age," reports the British Psychological Society Research Digest blog, summing up the results.
This still isn't a slam dunk.
These newest results boost the case of the those who argue that immersing yourself in a fictional world populated by layered, complex characters can't help but increase your understanding of how the human mind works and make your fellow humans a little less strange to you. But it's also far from a slam dunk in terms of proving the hypothesis, BPS stresses.
For instance, couldn't a test that asks people to match pictures of faces with words for emotions end up measuring people's verbal knowledge rather than their level of empathy? And wouldn't knowledge of a range of words for different emotions naturally correlate with reading more nuanced fiction?
But while this isn't an open-and-shut case scientifically speaking, this study does count as yet another weight on the scales in favor or deep, broad reading. And there are already plenty of inarguable reasons to make time for books. So it's safe to assume that if you're hoping to become a truly great leader, picking up the occasional literary classic or current critics' darling can only benefit your EQ.
Sens. Max Baucus, D-Mont., left, and Orrin G. Hatch, R-Utah (AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite)
For years it's been obvious in policy-wonk circles that a carbon tax is a great idea. But it's been even more obvious that the policy is politically toxic. Yet — and I almost don't want to point this out, in case publicizing it prompts lawmakers to run away as fast as they can — taxing carbon and some other excellent ideas that have been under-appreciated in Washington are now officially on the table in the Senate Finance Committee.
Sen. Max Baucus (D-Mont.), one of the most powerful Democrats on Capitol Hill, announced this week that he wouldn't seek another term, devoting the rest of his time in Washington to reforming the tax code. Even before Baucus's announcement, he and the Finance Committee's senior Republican, Sen. Orrin Hatch (Utah), had asked their staffs to draw up some tax reform options for the committee to consider. On Thursday, the staffs released a package of ideas that would involve reforming the tax code for infrastructure, energy and natural resources.
One proposal is to “eliminate most or all existing tax expenditures for the energy sector” — there are an annual $16 billion worth of tax credits, deductions and other spending posing as tax policy — and replace that tangled web of provisions with “a new federal excise tax on the sale or importation of fossil fuels” based on their carbon content. Not only would this make the tax code a lot simpler, save the government money and get rid of some very wasteful energy programs that should insult every taxpayer. The policy would also raise tax revenue and fight climate change in an economically rational way.
True, the report notes, some worry about “the potential impact of such taxes on economic growth and jobs.” But one of the policy's many virtues is that lawmakers can design away its few drawbacks. “The revenue raised by such a tax,” the Finance analysis points out, “could be used to reduce other taxes or to make public investments.” Replacing inefficient taxes that tax things you want — income, payroll or corporate, maybe — with efficient ones that tax things you don't — like a carbon tax — is exactly the sort of reform that Baucus's tax program should be about. Some of the resulting revenue could also be rebated so that higher energy prices don't have a large impact on Americans — especially poorer Americans.
The Brookings Institution's Adele Morris calculated earlier this year that by setting a small charge on carbon, Congress could lower the corporate tax rate by 7 points, cut deficits by $815 billion over two decades and leave the bottom 20 or 30 percent of Americans unaffected by the tax, all while cutting emissions by double-digits. Lawmakers should aim to be even more ambitious than that.
Is the Finance Committee's report a sign that Baucus will try to end his Senate career in a blaze of policy rationality? Maybe not. His record to now doesn't suggest he'd embrace a plain carbon tax. The document explicitly states that neither the chairman nor the ranking member endorses any specific proposal in its list of options. It includes some other heretical ideas, such as a tax on how many miles cars travel, which is the economically obvious way to pay for road construction but probably even more controversial than a carbon tax. And the report contains some very bad ideas — like not raising any more money for infrastructure at all.
Yet if Baucus wants a really admirable tax-reform legacy, he should be trying to cut a deal on taxing carbon, one of the best opportunities to make the tax code elegant instead of ungainly. He should be asking Republicans which taxes they'd want cut in return. He should be asking Democrats how they'd like to distribute some of the revenue to low-income Americans, making sure the tax doesn't hurt them.
And if that's not his plan, he should be asking himself why not.
On Friday, the unemployment rate dropped to 8.8 percent, as businesses added jobs for the 13th straight month.
On Wednesday, Fox News announced that it was ending Glenn Beck's daily cable-TV show.
These are not unrelated events.
When Beck's show made its debut on Fox News Channel in January 2009, the nation was in the throes of an economic collapse the likes of which had not been seen since the 1930s. Beck's angry broadcasts about the nation's imminent doom perfectly rode the wave of fear that had washed across the nation, and the relatively unknown entertainer suddenly had 3 million viewers a night — and tens of thousands answering his call to rally at the Lincoln Memorial.
But as the recession began to ease, Beck's apocalyptic forecasts and ominous conspiracies became less persuasive, and his audience began to drift away. Beck responded with a doubling-down that ultimately brought about his demise on Fox.
He pushed further into dark conspiracies, urging his viewers to hoard food in their homes and to buy freeze-dried meals for sustenance when civilization breaks down. He spun a conspiracy theory in which the American left was in cahoots with an emerging caliphate in the Middle East. And, most ominously, he began to traffic regularly in anti-Semitic themes.
This vile turn for Beck reached its logical extreme two weeks ago, when he devoted his entire show to a conspiracy theory about various bankers, including the Rothschilds, to create the Federal Reserve. To make this case, Beck hosted the conspiracy theorist G. Edward Griffin, who has publicly argued that the anti-Semitic tract “The Protocols of the Elders of Zion” “accurately describes much of what is happening in our world today.”
Griffin's Web site dabbles in a variety of anti-Semitic conspiracy theories, including his view that “present-day political Zionists are promoting the New World Order.”
A month earlier, Beck, on his radio program, had described Reform rabbis as “generally political in nature,” adding: “It's almost like Islam, radicalized Islam in a way.”
A few months before that, he had attacked the Jewish billionaire George Soros, a Holocaust survivor, as a “puppet master” and read descriptions of him as an “unscrupulous profiteer” who “sucks the blood from people.” Beck falsely called Soros “a collaborator” with Nazis who “saw people into the gas chambers.”
Fox deserves credit for finally putting an end to this. Its joint statement with Beck's production company, claiming that they will “work together to develop and produce a variety of television projects,” is almost certainly window-dressing; you can be confident Fox won't have Beck reopening what his Fox News colleague Shepard Smith dubbed the “fear chamber.”
In banishing Beck, about whom I wrote a critical book last year, Fox has made an important distinction: It's one thing to promote partisan journalism, but it's entirely different to engage in race baiting and fringe conspiracy claims. Bill O'Reilly and Sean Hannity may have their excesses, but their mainstream conservatism is in an entirely different category from Beck.
Fox has rightly, if belatedly, declared that there is no place for Beck's messages on its airwaves, and Beck will return to the fringes, where such ideas have always existed. Because his end-of-the-world themes will no longer be broadcast by a mainstream outlet, there will be less of a chance for him to inspire off-balance characters to violence.
There are, happily, signs that the influences that undermined Beck are doing the same to other purveyors of fear. The March Washington Post-ABC News poll found that Sarah Palin's favorability rating among Republicans and Republican-leaning independents had dropped to 58 percent from 70 percent in October and 88 percent in 2008. Her negative ratings among Republicans are higher than those of other prospective Republican presidential candidates.
In another indication of abating anger, a CNN poll released last week found that the percentage of the public viewing the Tea Party unfavorably had increased to 47 percent, from 26 percent in January 2010. Thirty-two percent have a favorable view.
Beck, in losing his mass-media perch, is repeating the history of Father Charles Coughlin, the radio priest of the Great Depression. Economic hardship gave him an audience even greater than Beck's, but as his calls to drive “the money changers from the temple” became more vitriolic, his broadcast sponsors dropped him. He gradually faded from relevance as his angry themes lost their hold on Americans and his anti-Semitism became more pronounced.
It is a sign of the nation's health and resilience that Beck, after 27 months at Fox, is meeting a similar end.
danamilbank@washpost.com
Anderson Silva has tons to smile about. He's the middleweight champion of the world. He has a beautiful wife and children. He's one of the most dangerous men on the planet, and in my humble opinion, the pound for pound best in the world. Let us not forget he hangs out with the honorable Sensei Seagal, and could probably stop a man's heart with some deflective Aikido move. Now, he's got the UFC's idea of the perfect gift, a brand new, shiny Bentley. That's right, this car isn't just for Bones Jones anymore.
Earlier this week, The Spider received the latest Bentley Continental GT from UFC head honchos, Dana White and Lorenzo Fertitta. USA tag price: $174,000. In Brazil, it costs more than double that amount, or $R 363,000. Anderson's manager, Jorge "Joinha" Guimarães, posted a picture of Silva's new whip on his Facebook page. Hopefully we'll get a better quality photo soon, but for now, have a look at a very sweet ride.
A new report on why children in day care are sedentary suggests that it's not the care providers, but the parents, who are mostly to blame.
The study, “Societal Values and Policies May Curtail Preschool Children's Physical Activity in Child Care Centers,” will be published in the February issue of Pediatricsand was published online today.
It focused on childcare centers where, according to previous research, close to three-fourths of pre-school-aged America children are enrolled and where they spend only 2 to 3 percent of their time playing vigorously.
Researchers set out to find out why so little time was spent playing. They studied 34 racially and demographically diverse Cincinnati-area child-care centers and found three consistent obstacles to exercise.
Providers told researchers that they felt pressure from parents to keep children from vigorous play that might lead to injury and also pressure to focus instead on academics.
The third consistent barrier was financial, as some providers said their funds were too limited to purchase up-to-code safe, outdoor equipment. (An ironic twist in this finding is that providers told researchers repeatedly that these “safer” playgrounds were oftentimes the least interesting to children.)
“We were surprised to hear that parents — both low-income and upper-income — were focusing on traditional ‘academics' (letters, numbers, colors) instead of outdoor play, even for children as young as 3 years old,” lead author Kristen Copeland of the Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center wrote to me in an e-mail conversation about the report.
“At this age, many children don't know how to skip, and are still learning how to share, and how to negotiate peer relationships. Yet teachers told us that many parents wanted to know what their child ‘learned' that day, but were not interested in whether they had gone outside, or had mastered fundamental gross motor skills,” she said.
I could almost hear her frustration after I asked what she would say to a parent who says: “Play is not as important as academics. I want my child to learn her letters, to learn how to read, so when she gets into school she can succeed. I don't much care if she masters the monkey bars.”
She responded:
“Children learn through play — through puzzles, games, and questions and answers. They also learn on the playground — they learn about nature, weather and the seasons, motion, concepts of distance and speed, and cause and effect. They learn how to negotiate and talk with their peers.
And, they learn fundamental gross motor skills, like how to throw and catch a ball, and how to skip. They don't teach these in school. But children who have mastered these fundamental skills are more confident, and interact better with their peers later on in school.
Lastly, research has shown that children can concentrate and learn better to brief periods of vigorous activity. So ‘active time' does not need to come at the expense of time dedicated to ‘academics' and ‘learning.'”
I'll post more from my interview with Copeland, including what her research revealed regarding changing parental attitudes, in a later post.
In the meantime, what's your take on what seems to be a parental de-emphasis on play?
Image copyright AFP
The UK foreign secretary has called off a visit to Moscow in the wake of the Syrian chemical weapons attack.
Boris Johnson, who had been due to travel on Monday, said the situation had changed "fundamentally" and his priority was to build international support for a ceasefire.
He said the UK called on Russia to do everything possible to bring about a "political settlement in Syria".
"We deplore Russia's continued defence of the Assad regime," he added.
The US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will visit Moscow as planned after the G7 meeting on 10-11 April.
Mr Johnson said he was in contact with the US and others in the run-up to the meeting, to build "coordinated international support for a ceasefire".
He said he was working to bring together other "like-minded partners" to "explore next steps".
Image copyright AFP Image caption Destruction at a hospital in Idlib province, where an attack took place on Tuesday
After the G7 meeting between the world's leading seven industrialised nations Mr Tillerson would be able to deliver a "clear and co-ordinated message to the Russians", he said.
The foreign secretary called on Russia to work with the rest of the international community to "ensure the shocking events of the last week are never repeated".
The Russian Embassy responded to the cancellation of Mr Johnson's visit with a tweet linking to Tchaikovsky's 1812 Overture.
The embassy in London said: "@BorisJohnson cancelled his visit to Moscow: theatrics for lack of argument? Safer in G7 pack? Listen to our soft power response."
'Terrorists celebrate' strike
Eighty-nine people, including 33 children and 18 women, died in a suspected nerve agent attack in the rebel-held town of Khan Sheikhoun on Tuesday.
The figures come from Idlib's opposition-run health authority. The country's government denies using nerve gas.
On Friday, the US carried out missile strikes on a Syrian air base it says is suspected of storing chemical weapons. At least six people are reported to have died.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Images released by the Pentagon showed damage caused by the strikes on Shayrat air base
In response, Syria's ally Russia accused the US of encouraging "terrorists" with unilateral actions.
Moscow has further promised to strengthen Syria's anti-aircraft defences and it is shutting down a hotline with the US designed to avoid collisions between their air forces over the country.
Iran's President Hassan Rouhani has said "terrorists are celebrating" the US strikes on a Syrian airbase.
But he also backed calls for an independent inquiry into Tuesday's suspected chemical weapons attack.
Mr Johnson's visit, for talks with his Russian counterpart Sergey Lavrov, would have been the first visit by a UK foreign secretary in more than five years.
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron said the cancellation meant Mr Johnson had "revealed himself to be a poodle of Washington, having his diary managed from across the pond."
He added: "It is pretty shameful when even Trump judges you to be a buffoon."
The government was "quick to blindly follow every order from the Trump White House", he said.
An aide to Mr Johnson responded that it was "a shame the Lib Dems would rather snipe and be silly when the US and UK are trying to work on a plan to help the innocent people of Syria and stop a devastating civil war".
The US ruling class feels threatened by the international changes prompted by President Trump. It has just united in order to force him under the guardianship of Congress. In a law which was voted almost unanimously, it has re-introduced sanctions against North Korea, Iran and Russia, and has unraveled the investments of the European Union and those of China. For them, it is essential to block the President's policy of cooperation and development and to return to the Wolfowitz doctrine of confrontation and suzerainty.
It is a scandal without precedent. The White House Secretary General, Reince Priebus, was part of the plot designed to destabilise President Trump and prepare for his destitution. He was the source of daily leaks which trouble the political life of the United States, in particular those concerning the alleged collusion between Trump's team and the Kremlin [1]. By dismissing him, President Trump has entered into conflict with the establishment of the Republican party, of which Priebus is the ex-President.
Let's note as we go that none of these leaks concerning the agendas and the contacts between those concerned have provided the slightest proof of the allegations made.
The reorganisation of the Trump team which followed was exclusively to the detriment of Republican personalities and to the benefit of the military personnel who are opposed to the guardianship of the deep state. The alliance which was concluded – making the best of a difficult situation – by the Republican party with Donald Trump during the inaugural convention on 21 July 2016, is now worthless. We therefore find ourselves faced with the equation with which we started – one one side, the outsider President of « the People's America », and on the other, all of the Washington ruling class supported by the deep state (meaning that part of the administration charged with the continuity of the state over and above political alternances).
Time to buy old US gold coins
It is apparent that this coalition is supported by the United Kingdom and Israël.
So what had to happen – the Democrat and Republican leaders came to an agreement to thwart President Trump's foreign policy and preserve their imperial advantages.
To do so, they adopted, in Congress, a 70-page law which officially set up sanctions against North Korea, Iran and Russia [2]. The text unilaterally promulgates that all other states in the world must respect these commercial restrictions. The sanctions therefore apply equally to the European Union and to China as to the states officially targeted.
Only five parlementarians dissociated themselves from this coalition and voted against the law – representatives Justin Amash, Tom Massie and Jimmy Duncan, and senators Rand Paul and Bernie Sanders.
The dispositions of this law more or less forbid the Executive to ease these commercial interdictions by any means whatsoever. Theoretically, therefore, Donald Trump is tied hands and feet. Of course, he can use his veto, but according to the Constitution, it would be enough for Congress to revote the text in the same terms in order to be able to impose it on the President. He will therefore sign it, thus avoiding the insult of being called to order by Congress. In the next few days, we shall see the start of a war unlike any other.
The political parties of the United States have every intention of destroying the « Trump doctrine », according to which the United States must evolve faster than other states in order to conserve world leadership. On the contrary, they intend to re-establish the « Wolfowitz doctrine » of 1992, according to which Washington must conserve its advance over the rest of the world by hindering the development of all potential competitors [3].
Paul Wolfowitz is a Trotskyist who worked for Republican President Bush the Elder to help with the war against Russia. He became Assistant Secretary of Defense ten years later, under Bush Junior, and then President of the World Bank. Last year, he gave his support to Democrat Hillary Clinton. In 1992, he wrote that the most dangerous competitor of the United States was the European Union and that Washington should destroy it politically, even economically.
The law casts doubt on everything that Donald Trump has accomplished over the last six months, notably the fight against the Muslim Brotherhood and their jihadist organisations, the preparation of the independence of Donbass (Malorossiya), and the re-opening of the Silk Road.
As a first reprisal, Russia asked Washington to reduce the staff of its embassy in Moscow to the level of its own embassy in Washington, in other words, 455 people, expelling 755 diplomats. In this way, Moscow intends to remind us that even if it had interfered in US politics, their interference has no comparison to the importance of US interference in Russia's own political life.
While we are on this subject, it was only on 27 February that the Minister for Defence, Sergeï Choïgou, announced to the Douma that the Russian armies now have the capability to organise « colour revolutions », 28 years behind the United States.
The Europeans now realise with stupefaction that their friends in Washington (the Democrats Obama and Clinton, the Republicans McCain and McConnell) have just put a full stop to any hope of growth within the Union. This is certainly a nasty shock, and yet they still have not felt able to admit that the allegedly « unpredictable » Donald Trump is in reality their best ally. Completely stunned by the vote, which rained on their summer holidays, the Europeans have opted for the « on hold » position.
Unless they react immediately, the companies who have invested in the European Union's solution for their energy supply are now ruined. Wintershall, E.ON Ruhrgas, N. V. Nederlandse Gasunie, and Engie (ex-GDF Suez) had all committed to the doubling of the gas pipeline North Stream, which is now forbidden by Congress. They not only forfeit the right to respond to US calls for tender, but they also lose all their assets in the United States. They are refused entry to international banks and are forbidden to pursue their activities outside the Union.
For the moment, only the German government has expressed its confusion. We do not know whether they will be able to convince their European partners and rouse the Union against its US suzerain. Such a crisis has never arisen before, and as a result, there exists no element of reference which could enable us to anticipate what is to come. It is probable that certain of the member states of the Union will defend US interests – those who think according to Congress, against their European partners.
The United States, like any state, can forbid their companies to do business with foreign states and foreign companies to do business with them. But according to the Charter of the United Nations, they may not impose their own choices in terms of allies and partners. But this is what they have been doing since their sanctions against Cuba. At that time, under the influence of Fidel Castro – who was not a Communist – the Cuban Revolutionary Government launched an agrarian reform which Washington chose to oppose [4]. The members of NATO, who couldn't have cared less about that tiny Caribbean island, followed obediently along. Progressively, the West, full of itself, considered it normal to starve out any states which resisted their all-powerful suzerain. So here, for the first time, the European Union is affected by the system which it helped set up.
More than ever, the conflict between Trump and the Establishment takes on a cultural form. It opposes the descendants of the immigrants who came seeking the « American dream » to those of the Puritans of the Mayflower [5]. This, for example, is the root of the denunciation by the international Presse of the vulgar language used by the new man responsible for White House communications, Anthony Scaramucci. Until now Hollywood was perfectly at ease with the manners of New York businessmen, but suddenly this uncouth language is presented as incompatible with the exercise of Power. Only President Richard Nixon talked that way, and he was forced to resign by the FBI who organised the Watergate scandal to bring him down. Nonetheless, everyone now agrees that he was a great President, who put an end to the Vietnam War and rebalanced international relations with the Peoples' Republic of China, faced with the USSR. It is surprising to see the Press of old Europe take up the religious, Puritan argument against the vocabulary of Scaramucci in order to judge the political competence of Donald Trump's team; and President Trump himself would send him away barely appointed.
But behind what may seem to be no more than a class struggle, the future of the world is at stake. Either relations steeped in confrontation and domination, or cooperation and development.
The Best of Thierry Meyssan
A day at the football stadium usually starts with a pregame tailgate, and for good reason — the prices of your basic macro lagers at NFL stadiums range from high to levels that would probably be considered price gouging in the wake of a natural disaster. Even at these levels, there's a wide range in just how much the cheapest beer will cost you at the league's stadiums. The infographic below reveals the prices (and prices per ounce) for the cheapest small beer at every NFL stadium, based on data which the folks at The Marketing Report have been collecting for years. With the beer prices Eagles fans have to endure, we're surprised Lincoln Financial Field gets by without its own jail, like the one at the Vet.
* Some fans will point out that the prices on the low end don't seem to jive with their game day reality. In some cases the cheapest beers are only available at a limited number of concession outlets, which creates some of the confusion.
Featured image via johnseb/flickr
Yesterday's marathon hearing at the House Intelligence Committee in the US Congress had all the makings of an American TV courtroom drama.
For five gruelling hours, the committee measuredly and methodically cross-examined FBI director James Comey and the head of the National Security Agency Admiral Michael Rogers about Russian involvement in the 2016 US presidential campaign.
But even before the hearing started, US president Donald Trump sought to control the narrative, tweeting in the early hours that the Democrats “made up and pushed the Russian story as an excuse for running a terrible campaign” and continuing: “The real story that Congress, the FBI and others should be looking into is the leaking of classified information. Must find leaker now!”
This argument was picked up in the hearing by Republicans who relentlessly focused on alleged leaks by the intelligence services and questioned Comey about the protections in place to ensure US citizens who are subject to surveillance are not unfairly “unmasked”.
What happened in effect yesterday was that two conversations took place in Room 1100 of the Capitol's Longworth Building – one by Republicans about the leaking of intelligence information to the press, the second about the matter on the agenda – Russian interference in last year's presidential election.
Classified leaks
Which narrative takes hold and lodges in the public imagination arising from Comey's testimony remains to be seen.
With Trump due to attend an event in Kentucky last night officially described by the White House as a “Make America Great Again” rally, the US president was expected to fight back against Comey's confirmation of an inquiry into links between Trump's campaign and Russia and to focus on the “leakers”.
On the substantive issue of Russian involvement in US elections, Comey's testimony was hugely significant in a number of ways.
In an unusual move an FBI director confirmed that an investigation into the Trump campaign's links with Russia - and not just an investigation into Russia interference in the 2016 presidential campaign - was under way.
He also dismissed claims by Trump that president Obama ordered the wiretapping of his phone – an allegation that has become more and more problematic for Trump over the last week as the president and his advisers have sought to backtrack from the allegations made in his original tweet on March 4th accusing Obama of interference.
Significantly, Comey also disclosed that the investigation into the Trump campaign began last July – just as the FBI closed its initial investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server while secretary of state, and before Comey controversially announced he was investigating fresh emails connected with Clinton in the final days of the election campaign.
Similarly, NSA chief Michael Rogers refuted claims that the Obama administration asked British intelligence services to spy on Trump, asserting that such a move would be in breach of an agreement between the two countries for decades.
Where the investigation will lead is unclear.
Comey declined to give any timeline on when the inquiry will conclude but his suggestion that there is now a criminal investigation into Russian interference in the campaign is potentially explosive for Trump.
Meanwhile, US authorities are planning to ban passengers travelling on certain US-bound foreign airline flights from carrying into the cabin larger electronic devices in response to an unspecified terrorism threat.
A source said the rule would cover a dozen foreign airlines flying from about a dozen countries, including some from the Middle East.
The Aviation Herald Last Update: Tuesday, Feb 26th 2019 21:29Z
23843 Articles available
Events from Jun 19th 1999 to Feb 25th 2019 www.avherald.com Incidents and News in Aviation List by: Filter: Incident: Transat A333 near Shannon on Mar 25th 2016, captain temporarily "inconvenienced"
By Simon Hradecky, created Tuesday, Apr 5th 2016 21:13Z, last updated Tuesday, Apr 5th 2016 21:13Z An Air Transat Airbus A330-300, registration C-GTSO performing flight TS-499 from Paris Charles de Gaulle (France) to Montreal,QC (Canada), was enroute at FL370 in contact with Shannon Center (Ireland) when the captain was "inconvenienced" and was unable to perform his duties for about 30 minutes. Another Air Transat A333 captain was on board amongst the passengers and assisted the first officer until the commander was able to resume duties. The flight continued to destination for a safe landing.
The Canadian TSB reported the commander was "inconvenienced" and unable to perform duties for about 30 minutes, another A330-300 qualified captain of the airline assisted the first officer until the first captain was able to resume duties.
http://flightaware.com/live/flight/TSC499/history/20160325/0755Z/LFPG/CYUL
By (anonymous) on Thursday, Apr 7th 2016 18:34Z
By 727driver on Thursday, Apr 7th 2016 10:01Z
By Copernican on Thursday, Apr 7th 2016 08:41Z
By Bill on Wednesday, Apr 6th 2016 17:13Z
By Ecumenico on Wednesday, Apr 6th 2016 14:48Z
By Dave Cornutt on Wednesday, Apr 6th 2016 14:04Z
By Danny on Wednesday, Apr 6th 2016 12:36Z
By obecalp23 on Wednesday, Apr 6th 2016 12:28Z
By mitim on Wednesday, Apr 6th 2016 08:59Z
By Isabell on Wednesday, Apr 6th 2016 07:44Z
By 727driver on Wednesday, Apr 6th 2016 07:34Z
By (anonymous) on Wednesday, Apr 6th 2016 07:29Z
By (anonymous) on Wednesday, Apr 6th 2016 03:44Z
By (anonymous) on Wednesday, Apr 6th 2016 02:08Z
By Sky forever on Tuesday, Apr 5th 2016 23:25Z
By NoseyParker on Tuesday, Apr 5th 2016 23:03Z
By Captain on Tuesday, Apr 5th 2016 22:37Z
By (anonymous) on Tuesday, Apr 5th 2016 22:34Z
By SwissBen on Tuesday, Apr 5th 2016 22:31Z
By PTC Bernie on Tuesday, Apr 5th 2016 22:07Z
By Dan on Tuesday, Apr 5th 2016 21:54Z
By LL_the_fan on Tuesday, Apr 5th 2016 21:48Z
By XSS on Tuesday, Apr 5th 2016 21:36Z
Add your comment: (max 1024 characters) Your Name: Your Email: Subject: Your comment: The Aviation Herald Apps
Android and iOS
Support The Aviation Herald
one time
Monthly support 1 €/month
Interview: The human factor named "Simon Hradecky" and the team of man and machine Get the news right onto your desktop when they happen © 2008-2019 by The Aviation Herald, all rights reserved, reprint and republishing prohibited. We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our site, learn more
BOISE - Dozens of gamers from around the state and region gathered in Boise this weekend for a marathon gaming session.
The LAN party - LAN stands for Local Area Network - started Friday evening at Trailhead Boise and went straight through to Sunday evening.
The 48-hour session featured a number of contests with prizes from sponsors.
Organizers say it's not just about playing video games, but also about connecting with others in the gaming community.
"Just getting everybody to come hang out, swap stories, tons of people getting to meet each other who wouldn't have met before with similar interests," said Constantine Mavromichalis.
The event was originally held in people's homes, but has becomes so popular, the group had to find a larger place to host it.
Copyright 2016 KTVB
Famed writer Truman Capote, southern born and bred but now part of the New York City social circle, is growing weary of his current assignment of writing autobiographical type pieces for the New Yorker. After reading a newspaper article about the just occurred November 14, 1959 cold blooded murders of the Clutter family in their rural Kansas home, Truman feels compelled to write about that event as his next article. So he and his personal assistant Nelle Harper Lee, also a southern born New Yorker and an aspiring writer of her own, head to Kansas to research the story first-hand. Truman hopes to use his celebrity status to gain access to whomever he needs, such as to Laura Kinney, a friend of the Clutter daughter she who discovered the bodies, and to Alvin Dewey, the lead police investigator and also a Clutter family friend. If his celebrity doesn't work, Truman will grease the wheels by whatever means necessary. When the police eventually charge suspects, two young men named Dick ... Written by Huggo
Work on the controversial Thirty Meter Telescope on the Big Island of Hawaii was delayed again Wednesday after construction vehicles were blocked by hundreds of protesters, who say the giant telescope is being built on land sacred to Native Hawaiians.
Protesters pushed boulders into the road to the construction site atop Mauna Kea and stood in the way of vehicles, forcing construction crews to retreat and cancel work for the day.
Twelve people were arrested and Gov. David Ige (D) announced Wednesday evening that construction on the telescope would be put on hold again until further notice, according to local reports.
Work on what will be among the world's largest telescopes had been set to resume Wednesday morning after April protests led Gov. Ige to call for a "timeout" on construction so that developers and protesters could discuss stewardship of the mountain. Ige has since announced his support for the project's legality.
#BREAKINGNEWS: Hawaii DLNR (Department of Land and Natural Resources) agents just informed the hundreds of protestors who have gathered to prevent the Thirty Meter Telescope construction, that officers & TMT workers will be turning around and no longer asking anyone to leave or make any further arrests. More than 700 people gathered to stand in what they say is protection of a sacred Native Hawaiian space. Seven hours after protestors began lining up to prevent construction of the Thirty Meter Telescope on the summit of Mauna Kea, only 10 people have been arrested and the TMT crew only made it about 1.5 miles up the road. More details tonight on Hawaii News Now Developing details: http://bit.ly/1Ie7Tcn#HawaiiNewsNow #HINews #BehindTheScenes #WeAreYourSource Posted by Mileka Lincoln on Wednesday, June 24, 2015
The telescope debate has been emotional for both sides.
A state Department of Land and Natural Resources agent addressed protesters Wednesday with tears in his eyes. He apologized to the crowd, clearly familiar with him, saying, "You may not accept it, but I got to do my job." He then told them, "Our number one thing right now is public safety. We're not going up." He was met by cheers of "mahalo" (thank you) and hugs.
According to Hawaii News Now, protesters moved large rocks into the road to block the construction vehicles on Wednesday. West Hawaii Today reports that the construction vehicles, which were being escorted by police, "were stopped repeatedly by more than 300 protesters who set up about two dozen 'lines of defense' across the Mauna Kea access road."
Many Native Hawaiians believe Mauna Kea is where the Hawaiian islands originated, making it sacred land. They refer to themselves as "protectors" of the mountain, rather than protesters.
Story continues below...
Protesters were prepared for the confrontation. Kahookahi Kanuha, one of those arrested, told The Associated Press earlier in the day, "We're bracing ourselves mentally, spiritually for the battle ahead. I don't mean a physical battle. It's brain against brain."
Story continues below...
#BREAKING: First arrest on Mauna Kea as hundreds of protestors try to block TMT construction crews access #HINews pic.twitter.com/55cMn4akOW — Mileka Lincoln (@MilekaLincoln) June 24, 2015
Once complete, the $1.4 billion project will be one of the world's largest telescopes. Scientists say that such a powerful telescope ideally located on Mauna Kea's summit will allow astronomers to see "forming galaxies at the very edge of the observable Universe, near the beginning of time," according to the TMT website.
An artist's rendering of TMT.
It feels like déjà vu all over again: The polls in a major election were off by a wide margin. The surveys leading up to Tuesday's gubernatorial election in Kentucky pointed to a close fight between Democrat Jack Conway and Republican Matt Bevin, with Conway holding a slight edge in all but one poll. Instead, Bevin won 53 percent to 44 percent.
It was only the latest in a series of high-profile polling errors over the past couple of years.
So is polling broken and not to be trusted heading into the 2016 presidential election, as some have argued? Not quite. A more nuanced look at the results from Kentucky and Mississippi, which re-elected its governor on Tuesday, suggests that surveys can still be informative, but should never be taken as gospel.
Just as in 2014, the polling underestimated Republican candidates in Kentucky in 2015, but did so in a fairly uniform fashion. On average, SurveyUSA and Western Kentucky University (WKU) missed the final margin by 13.4 and 11.1 percentage points, respectively, in the elections for agricultural commissioner, attorney general, auditor, governor, secretary of state and treasurer.
KENTUCKY POLLING ERRORS OFFICE SURVEYUSA DEM LEAD WKU DEM LEAD ACTUAL MARGIN SURVEYUSA BIAS WKU BIAS Agriculture commissioner -7.0 -7.0 -20.2 +13.2 +13.2 Attorney general +12.0 +6.0 +0.2 +11.8 +5.8 Auditor +8.0 +5.0 -3.9 +11.9 +8.9 Governor +5.0 +5.0 -8.7 +13.7 +13.7 Sec. of state +13.0 +11.0 +2.3 +10.7 +8.7 Treasurer -2.0 -5.0 -21.3 +19.3 +16.3 Average +13.4 +11.1
A look at the table above reveals that the polls and the results for the different races were highly correlated (0.96 for WKU and 0.97 for SurveyUSA). It's as if the electorate became about a dozen percentage points more Republican between when the polls were taken and Election Day.
It's not yet clear whether pollsters simply projected that more Democratic voters would show up than actually did or whether undecided voters broke overwhelmingly for the Republican candidates. The former suggests an electorate modeling problem that could be a big problem during the presidential primaries, when turnout is low. On the other hand, trouble modeling the electorate would be less of an issue in the 2016 general election, when turnout is at its highest.
However, if undecided voters broke toward the Republicans and the “fundamentals” — Kentucky is a very Republican-leaning state in federal elections — that could be a sign that a candidate hitting 50 percent in general election polls is a bigger deal than we previously thought. Remember, polls showed Democrat Mark Warner winning the 2014 Virginia Senate race easily with 50 percent of the vote; Warner earned almost exactly 50 percent, but he barely won.
Yet, I would be careful of making too much of the Kentucky results. Only three polls not sponsored by a candidate came out during the final three weeks of the campaign. That's far less polling than was conducted in other recent polling mishaps, such as in Israel and the United Kingdom over the past year. The Kentucky results match most of the bigger misses in the U.S. during the 2014 midterm elections, such as in the Maryland gubernatorial race and Virginia Senate election, when few polls were released during the final weeks of the campaign. That's a good thing for 2016, when the most highly anticipated races will have lots of polls in the field.
Moreover, the one poll that came out in Mississippi before Tuesday's elections didn't underestimate the Republican candidates.
MISSISSIPPI POLLING ERRORS OFFICE MASON-DIXON POLL GOP LEAD ACTUAL GOP MARGIN MASON-DIXON ABSOLUTE ERROR Attorney general -6.0 -11.5 5.5 Governor +38.0 +34.2 3.8 Lieutenant governor +24.0 +24.5 0.5 Sec. of state +36.0 +26.0 10.0 Average 5.0
Mason-Dixon's average error in the races for attorney general, governor, lieutenant governor and secretary of state was 5.0 percentage points, and the largest error (in the secretary of state's race) overestimated the Republican's margin. Of course, it's also just one poll.
It would be silly to claim that everything in the land of polls is great. Errors like Kentucky shouldn't happen very often, and they seem to be occurring more frequently these days. But for those of you who care about the accuracy of polls, I would counsel you not to freak out.
Nvidia's new partner in bringing AI-powered self-driving tech to the masses definitely has the experience needed to go truly mass-market – it's Bosch, leading tier one auto industry supplier. Bosch will build an AI supercomputer designed for use in vehicles using Nvidia tech, which means Nvidia now has a partner that works as a tier one supplier to all major carmakers in the world.
It's only the latest partner for Nvidia's AI-powered self-driving car tech, joining automakers like Audi and Mercedes-Benz, but it's the one that could potentially have the most impact in giving Nvidia reach and influence across the industry. The German company's product portfolio ranges from home appliances, to infotainment solutions, to virtually everything in between.
This is the kind of strategic tie-up that lets both partners do what they do best – Nvidia can focus on developing the core AI supercomputing tech, and Bosch can provide relationships and sales operations that offer true scale and reach.
Nvidia's deep learning model does not depend on specific rules being coded for each individual situation; instead, it provides the systems with a number of examples from human behavior, and then the AI can determine on its own what to do in specific scenarios. The mid-step implementation of this tech is Nvidia's AI co-pilot, which will allow the vehicle to work with a human driver to understand where their attention is directed and provide warnings about undetected hazards, as well as read a driver's lips and use audio cues to understand commands regardless of the in-vehicle noise environment.
Bosch's super computer will use Nvidia's Drive PX line with Xavier architecture, which is the world's first single-chip processor that can manage Level 4 autonomous driving capabilities.
Ten life sentences given to ISIL militants in Turkey
NİĞDE – Doğan News Agency
A total of 10 aggravated life sentences have been given to three militants of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) who staged an attack in the Ulukışla district of the Central Anatolian province of Niğde in 2014.The Niğde Criminal Court of Serious Crimes sentenced Benjamin Xu to four aggravated life sentences, 179 years and six months in prison and a 225,000-Turkish Lira fine.A second militant, Çendrim Ramadani, was given five aggravated life sentences and 174 years and six months in prison along with a 225,000-lira fine, while Mohammad Zakiri, a Macedonian citizen, was given an aggravated life sentence and 124 years and six months in prison along with the same fine.The other militant, Fuad Mövsümöv of Azerbaijan, was given 13 years and nine months in prison.The court also ordered the acquittal of the other defendants, K.Ö., H.Y., K.Y., and A.Y. It also separated the file of Mehmet Aşkar, who faces 15 years for “being a member of an armed organization.”Participating in the trial from a high-security closed prison in Ankara via videoconference, Xu claimed that he did not kill anybody but had been fooled as he was just a child.Mösümöv also pleaded not guilty during the trial.The attack in March 2014, which is considered the first attack staged by ISIL in Turkey, left three people dead, including a police officer, a sergeant and a civilian, and wounded five others. Four people are being tried under arrest and five are being tried without arrest.The prosecutor had initially sought four aggravated life sentences amounting to 280 years and six months in jail for the arrested Xu, four aggravated life sentences amounting to 285 years in prison for the arrested Ramadani, and one aggravated life sentence amounting to 258 years in jail for the arrested Zakiri. Meanwhile, police conducting a search of two computers which were seized during a raid on an ISIL cell in the southeastern province of Gaziantep last month have found reports on how to attract more adherents to the group.According to the report, which police confirmed to be sent to ISIL's headquarters, a search was conducted on religion-based terrorist organizations in Turkey and stated these groups had made some mistakes in their structuring period and that ISIL would not make these mistakes. In the reports, it was also noted that a Turk-Kurd-based civil war that could be initiated with a series of terror attacks would play into the group's hands.Meanwhile, according to some allegations, after a raid on an ISIL cell in the southeastern province of Diyarbakır last year, which led to the death of seven militants of the group, a call was made suspecting that an attack would be carried out targeting police in southeastern province of Bingöl. However, it was alleged that Bingöl police conducted an operation against the group five days after the call as they did not have sufficient vehicles and personnel.
Our 1,600 Hour JavaScript Coding Curriculum
freeCodeCamp Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 29, 2015
How do you prepare someone for their first coding job while they're still working full-time or raising kids? And do it completely in a browser? For free? Well, here's how we're doing it:
Free Code Camp's full 1,600 hour JavaScript curriculum.
Waypoints
Our Waypoints are single-sitting coding lessons. We don't use tutorials or Lynda-style video series. We use fast-paced, fully interactive lessons. They “hold your hand” and help you rapidly establish a baseline proficiency that you'll expand upon in our practice projects. Rather than create our own lessons, we've curated the best lessons from around the web, from providers like Stanford, Codecademy and Node School. You'll learn all this, in this sequence:
HTML
CSS
Bootstrap
jQuery
Computer Science
JavaScript
Chrome DevTools
Angular.js
Node Package Manager
Node.js
Express.js
MongoDB
Git
Our waypoints include Codecademy's new HTML, CSS and Bootstrap primer, as well as their new Angular.js course and also Node School. Setting up a Node.js development environment on your computer is a pain, especially if you're using Windows or a ChromeBook. It's impossible to do on a tablet. We've figured out ways to quickly get Node School lessons running in Cloud 9's browser-based code editor.
Michael Reddock is a camper and Sales Engineer at IBM in Austin, Texas. He integrated Node School with Cloud 9 and QA'd all the lessons
Bonfires
Four months ago, we set out to build an algorithm scripting platform to replace HackerRank and CodeWars. We knew that if we focused, we could build a tool that did one thing better than anyone else did: JavaScript algorithm training. We built Bonfires from the ground up, emphasizing speed and usability. We now have 46 algorithms scripting challenges that take anywhere from 15 to 90 minutes. These take you on a guided tour of data structures, design patterns, and even functional programming. Our campers pass hundreds of Bonfires each day, and we're on track to have 100 different Bonfire challenges by the end of 2015!
Ziplines
Before you dive into full stack JavaScript, you'll get more practice with front end development. Ziplines challenge you to build a series of single-page apps using front-end frameworks like Angular.js.
Ashley Drake is a camper and former transcriptionist in Vermont. She coded our Bonfires' Mozilla Developer Network documentation integration.
Ziplines also present you with your first foray into interpreting ambiguous goals. Professional developers need to cope with ambiguity. They need to get help effectively by reading documentation, searching Google, and asking experts on IRC and Stack Overflow. So we give you open-ended Agile User Stories, and force you to ask questions, explore your options, and grapple directly with ambiguity. All of our Ziplines are built in CodePen, a powerful browser-based editor for building static JavaScript apps. Like GitHub projects, CodePen projects can be shared and forked.
Alex Dixon is a camper who has a B.A. in English from UC Berkeley. He created some of our most challenging Ziplines.
CodePen doubles as front end development portfolio. It's another way to get discovered. When your app gets featured on the front page of CodePen, thousands of developers, and potential employers, will see it.
Congrats to camper Geoff Storbeck (pictured below in the Basejumps section) for making it onto the front page of @CodePen! http://t.co/zZAxbJSBm6 #LearToCode pic.twitter.com/C7UUiNdstG — Free Code Camp (@FreeCodeCamp) April 25, 2015
Basejumps
Basejumps give you the full stack JavaScript practice you need to eventually build solutions for nonprofits. You'll build CRUD (Create Read Update Delete) interfaces, RESTful APIs, and even Real-time Communication apps.
Geoff Storbeck is a camper and web developer based out of Columbus, Ohio. He designed and coded many of our Ziplines and Basejumps.
Our goal is to simulate the experience of sitting down in front of a blank page. Basejumps crank up the ambiguity even further, forcing you to make an array of implementation and design decisions. Thanks to tools like Github, Heroku and Cloud 9, you can build these apps and deploy them to the internet from literally any device with a browser.
Nonprofit Projects
By this point, you will have:
200 hours of core curriculum in full stack JavaScript development
200 hours of algorithm scripting practice, and your own solutions to a hundred of the most common “white board” job interview questions
200 hours of front end development practice, and more than a dozen single-page apps on CodePen
200 hours of full-stack JavaScript development practice, and several dynamic web apps deployed to the internet
And this is just the half-way point!
Next, you'll get paired up with another camper and work with Agile Project Managers to build full stack JavaScript solutions for nonprofits. Many of our campers have already done this.
Don't let anyone tell you learning to code is easy. Learning to code takes time and hard work. But with our rigorous curriculum — and our supportive community — you can get good enough at coding to land your first coding job in about 1,600 hours. You don't need to quit your job or pay some school a bunch of money. You just need to sit down and do the work.
Originally published at blog.freecodecamp.com on April 25, 2015.
Elizabeth Warren Elizabeth Ann WarrenSanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' House to push back at Trump on border GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration MORE's near-constant presence on the campaign trail is solidifying her status as one of the Democratic Party's most influential figures — and a force to be reckoned with in the Senate.
After staying on the sidelines in the primaries, the Massachusetts liberal has crisscrossed the country to campaign for presidential nominee Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE and Democrats in crucial Senate races.
ADVERTISEMENT
Having never held elected office before 2012, Warren's ascent to party leader has come at breakneck speed. She is rapidly building a network of allies, giving her increased leverage as she seeks to pull the Democratic Party to the left on everything from Social Security to policing Wall Street.
“Warren is the politician that all Democrats want,” wrote Jaret Seiberg, an analyst at Cowen & Company. “That means other Democrats don't just owe Warren. They also have to worry about the consequences of offending her.”
Warren rejected pleas from liberal groups to launch her own bid for the presidency during the primaries and didn't pick sides in a surprisingly competitive race between Clinton and Sen. Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE (I-Vt.), who shares many of her policy positions.
But after the primaries were settled, Warren became unabashed in her support of Clinton, lending significant liberal credibility to a candidate who faces lingering doubts on the left.
Warren joined Clinton for a large rally Monday in New Hampshire, where she showed why she has become one of the party's most effective critics of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE.
“He thinks that because he has a mouth of Tics Tacs that he can force himself on any woman in groping distance,” Warren said at the outdoor rally, with Clinton seated at her side.
“I've got news for you, Donald Trump. Women have had it with guys like you.”
Aside from being a foot soldier for Clinton, Warren has been a regular presence on the campaign trail, touting candidates up and down the Democratic ticket.
Her busy campaign schedule, which has included frequent stops in swing stages, shows that her populist message has currency across the country, not just in liberal enclaves.
Before stumping with Clinton in New Hampshire, Warren was in Missouri helping Jason Kander, the state's secretary of state, in his bid to unseat Sen. Roy Blunt Roy Dean BluntPence meeting with Senate GOP ahead of vote to block emergency declaration Dems set to challenge Trump during his foreign trip Demands grow for a public Mueller report MORE (R). And on Tuesday, Warren was in North Carolina, boosting Clinton's candidacy as well as that of Deborah Ross, the former state lawmaker challenging Sen. Richard Burr Richard Mauze BurrHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Five tantalizing questions about Mueller's investigation MORE (R).
Clinton holds an edge in the battleground state of North Carolina, but Missouri remains a Republican stronghold.
Warren has also made campaign stops to help unseat Senate Republicans in Wisconsin, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Nevada.
“She more than anybody else is just about the most popular person among Democratic voters,” said one financial lobbyist who has tracked Warren closely. “She's not bringing the party towards her. Elizabeth Warren is where the base of the party is.”
Warren is already a lower-ranking member of Senate Democratic leadership, having been brought into the fold after the party's disastrous midterm elections in 2014.
But if Democrats retake the Senate and Clinton wins the White House, Warren is poised to take on an even more outsized role in Washington, a remarkable position for a lawmaker who is still technically a freshman.
Warren is expected to carry significant clout when it comes to filling positions within a Clinton administration. The senator and allies on the left have made clear that they will be closely watching personnel decisions by Clinton and her advisers and are willing to speak out against nominees that they find unacceptable.
Hacked emails published by WikiLeaks, purportedly from Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta, back that up. A January 2015 email exchange indicates that Warren had already provided Clinton with a list of names of people she would like to see in administration positions. The email said a longtime Warren aide was “intently focused on personnel issues” during a meeting with Clinton's staff.
The left has long groused that Wall Street and corporate America were given too much clout in President Obama's White House, particularly in the early years of the administration.
In 2014, Warren launched a concerted campaign to scuttle Obama's nomination of Antonio Weiss to fill a top spot in the Treasury Department, citing his experience on Wall Street as a disqualifier. Weiss ultimately withdrew his nomination, and was named an adviser to Secretary Jack Lew Jacob (Jack) Joseph LewOvernight Finance: US reaches deal with ZTE | Lawmakers look to block it | Trump blasts Macron, Trudeau ahead of G-7 | Mexico files WTO complaint Obama-era Treasury secretary: Tax law will make bipartisan deficit-reduction talks harder GOP Senate report says Obama officials gave Iran access to US financial system MORE not subject to Senate confirmation.
And earlier this month, Warren took the unusual step of calling on Obama to fire one of his top regulators, Securities and Exchange Commission Chairwoman Mary Jo White, calling her weak and ineffective.
With just months left in Obama's term, many viewed Warren's letter on White as a warning shot for Clinton.
“She's built up a number of chits with the incoming administration that I expect her to call in,” said Jim Manley, a former aide to retiring Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid Harry Mason ReidBottom Line Brennan fires back at 'selfish' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career' after ex-Dem leader slams him in interview MORE (D-Nev.). “She's poised to have some pretty significant influence.”
Turn GHC into a frontend for miniSTG
Yuras Shumovich March 15, 2016
TLDR: Here is a patch for GHC to dump STG in a form compatible with miniSTG.
MiniSTG
The Spineless Tagless G-machine (STG) is an abstract machine designed to run lazy functional languages. An abstract code for it, an STG language, is a minimal lazy functional language, GHC uses it as an intermediate representation for haskell code.
MiniSTG is an interpreter for STG language. It is a bit limited, only integral literals are supported, and very few primops are provided. But it is very useful if you want to study how haskell code is executed by GHC. The most interesting its feature is execution tracing.
To show few examples, lets define boxed integers:
zero = CON(Int 0 ); one = CON(Int 1 ); plus = FUN(x y -> case x of { Int i -> case y of { Int j -> case plus# i j of { k -> let { r = CON(Int k); } in r; } } }); main = THUNK(plus one one);
Here Int is a constructor for boxed integers (you don't have to define constructors upfront), zero and one define boxed literals. The next declaration is more interesting, plus is a function that takes two arguments. They are expected to be boxed integers, and case is used to unboxed them. Then built-in primop plus# performs the real work to add two unboxed integers. Finally the result is reboxed and returned. The last line defines an entry point for the program. The output:
$ ministg --noprelude -s EA main.stg (Int 2 )
Now lets define a list:
nil = CON(Nil); con = FUN(x xs -> let { r = CON(List x xs) } in r ); length = FUN(l -> case l of { Nil -> zero; List x xs -> let { n = THUNK(length xs); } in plus one n; });
Here nil is an empty list, con prepends a value to a list, and length calculates length of a list using the plus function we already defined. Lets test it:
list1 = THUNK(con zero nil); list2 = THUNK(con zero list1); list3 = THUNK(con zero list2); list4 = THUNK(con zero list3); main = THUNK(length list4);
Output:
$ ministg --noprelude -s EA main.stg (Int 4 )
I hope you got the idea. There are few restrictions: the only way to allocate anything on heap is to use CON , FUN or THUNK inside let or on top level, so the next code is invalid because it tries to allocate a list cell outside of let (compare with the definition above):
con = FUN(x xs -> CON(List x xs) );
Also all function arguments should be allocated on heap, you can't pass a complex expression to a function. So the next code is invalid:
length = FUN(l -> case l of { Nil -> zero; List x xs -> plus one (length xs); });
MiniSTG doesn't support pattern matching on literals, so you have to use eq# and intToBool# primops to compare boxed integers:
eq = FUN(x y -> case x of { Int i -> case y of { Int j -> case eq# i j of { k -> intToBool# k }; }; }); main = THUNK(eq one one);
Output:
$ ministg --noprelude -s EA main.stg True
GHC
Writing in STG is fun, but how real haskell code looks when translated into STG? GHC has a -ddump-stg flag to dump it, but unfortunately it looks far from what miniSTG accepts:
f_rn0 :: GHC.Types.Int -> GHC.Types.Int [GblId, Arity= 1 , Str=DmdType, Unf=OtherCon []] = sat-only \r [ds_s1Mn] case ds_s1Mn of wild_s1Mo { GHC.Types.I# ds1_s1Mp [Occ=Once!] -> case ds1_s1Mp of _ [Occ=Dead] { __DEFAULT -> let { sat_s1Ms [Occ=Once] :: GHC.Types.Int [LclId, Str=DmdType] = \u [] let { sat_s1Mr [Occ=Once] :: GHC.Types.Int [LclId, Str=DmdType] = \u [] GHC.Enum.pred GHC.Enum.$fEnumInt wild_s1Mo; } in f_rn0 sat_s1Mr; } in GHC.Num.* GHC.Num.$fNumInt wild_s1Mo sat_s1Ms; 0 # -> GHC.Types.I# [ 1 #]; }; };
Even if I remove all irrelevant information, you will probably not recognize factorial function, but at least now it looks similar to miniSTG syntax:
f_rn0 = [ds_s1Mn] case ds_s1Mn of wild_s1Mo { GHC.Types.I# ds1_s1Mp -> case ds1_s1Mp of _ { __DEFAULT -> let { sat_s1Ms = [] let { sat_s1Mr = [] GHC.Enum.pred GHC.Enum.$fEnumInt wild_s1Mo; } in f_rn0 sat_s1Mr; } in GHC.Num.* GHC.Num.$fNumInt wild_s1Mo sat_s1Ms; 0 # -> GHC.Types.I# [ 1 #]; }; };
The biggest difference, except pattern matching on unboxed literals, is case expression:
case a of b { __DEFAULT -> ... ... }
Here b is an alias for the result of a (note that a could be an expression), it corresponds to “as patter” in haskell. In miniSTG it can be represented as two nested cases:
case a of { b -> case b of { ... } }
Otherwise the conversion is trivial. The patch mentioned at the beginning tries to automatically convert GHC syntax to miniSTG one.
Using GHC and miniSTG together
First we need custom prelude that defines all basic declarations ( Prelude.hs ):
{-# LANGUAGE PackageImports #-} module Prelude ( Int , zero , one , plus , sub , mul , eqInt , Bool ( .. ) ) where import "base" Prelude ( Bool (..)) data Int = Int {-# NOINLINE zero #-} zero :: Int zero = Int {-# NOINLINE one #-} one :: Int one = Int {-# NOINLINE plus #-} plus :: Int -> Int -> Int plus _ _ = Int {-# NOINLINE sub #-} sub :: Int -> Int -> Int sub _ _ = Int {-# NOINLINE mul #-} mul :: Int -> Int -> Int mul _ _ = Int {-# NOINLINE eqInt #-} eqInt :: Int -> Int -> Bool eqInt _ _ = False
Note that implementation for the declarations is not important, we are going to implement them directly in miniSTG anyway. Now a test module ( Test.hs ):
module Test (test ) where pred :: Int -> Int pred n = n `sub` one f :: Int -> Int f n | n `eqInt` zero = one | True = n `mul` f (pred n) two = plus one one five = two `plus` two `plus` one test :: Int test = f five
If you compile this module with -ddump-ministg , you get the next:
f = FUN(n_sJm -> case eqIntz1Prelude n_sJm z0eroz1Prelude of { wild_sJn -> case wild_sJn of { Falsez1GHCz1Types -> let { sat_sJp = THUNK(let { sat_sJo = THUNK(subz1Prelude n_sJm onez1Prelude) } in f sat_sJo) } in mulz1Prelude n_sJm sat_sJp; Truez1GHCz1Types -> let { res_var_ = THUNK(onez1Prelude) } in res_var_; }; }); two = THUNK(plusz1Prelude onez1Prelude onez1Prelude); sat_sJr = THUNK(let { sat_sJq = THUNK(plusz1Prelude two two) } in plusz1Prelude sat_sJq onez1Prelude); testz1Test = THUNK(f sat_sJr);
Names are encoded, e.g. Falsez1GHCz1Types is a False constructor from GHC.Types module. Lets add an entry point:
main = THUNK(testz1Test);
and run it:
$ ministg --noprelude -s EA test.stg ministg : undefined variable: "eqIntz1Prelude"
Oops, we need to define prelude. Create Prelude.stg with the next content:
z0eroz1Prelude = CON(Int 0 ); onez1Prelude = CON(Int 1 ); plusz1Prelude = FUN(x y -> case x of { Int i -> case y of { Int j -> case plus# i j of { k -> let { r = CON(Int k) } in r; }; }; }); subz1Prelude = FUN(x y -> case x of { Int i -> case y of { Int j -> case sub# i j of { k -> let { r = CON(Int k) } in r; }; }; }); mulz1Prelude = FUN(x y -> case x of { Int i -> case y of { Int j -> case mult# i j of { k -> let { r = CON(Int k) } in r; }; }; }); eqIntz1Prelude = FUN(x y -> case x of { Int i -> case y of { Int j -> case eq# i j of { k -> case intToBool# k of { True -> true; False -> false; }; }; }; }); true = CON(Truez1GHCz1Types); false = CON(Falsez1GHCz1Types);
Note that here we converted built-in True and False to the corresponding constructors from GHC.Types . Now we can run the program (note that we removed --no-prelude flag):
$ ministg -s EA test.stg (Int 120 )
Yay! We have working frontend for miniSTG! Note that nothing stops us from using advanced haskell features like type classes because they are compiled out to simple constructs. For example, lets write the same factorial function using Eq type class:
class Eq a where eq :: a -> a -> Bool instance Eq Int where eq = eqInt f :: Int -> Int f n | n `eq` zero = one | True = n `mul` f (pred n)
If you don't yet know how type classes work in haskell, then you have a good chance to figure it out from STG dump!
More posts
Atom feed
Friends and Groups Use built-in social graph for friends and groups, add social login and build your own community of engaged users. Learn more
In-app Chat Users can chat with each other 1-on-1, as part of a group, and in chat rooms. Chat messages are optionally persisted if the user is not online. Learn more
Real-time Multiplayer Based on a realtime binary protocol, you can build modern engaging realtime multiplayer matches. Nakama comes with a built-in matchmaker. Learn more
Turn-based Multiplayer Nakama allows you to build turn based games. Use notifications to keep players engaged as their turn comes up. Learn more
Many Client Libraries Nakama has official client libraries for Unity (and Godot engine), Unreal , JavaScript , Android and Swift .
Built for any cloud Nakama is cloud-agnostic. Easily switch between cloud providers and avoid lock-in or run it on private servers. Learn more
Local Development Download Nakama to your personal machine and develop using the exact same server as you'd run and scale in the cloud. Learn more
Newtown might not be planning any town wide events to mark the shooting tragedy last December 14th. but the Obama administration and gun control groups are still planning enough. From the Associated Press:
The leader of the board that governs Newtown, Conn., says it will not host any townwide events to mark the anniversary of the shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School. First Selectman Pat Llodra says the community is choosing to remember and honor the victims in ways that are "quiet, personal and respectful." . . . Information on the Obama administration plans is available from Politico:
The weekly sessions often include OPE Director Paulette Aniskoff or official Paul Monteiro along with representatives from Mayors Against Illegal Guns, the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence, Moms Demand Action, the Center for American Progress, Organizing for Action and Americans for Responsible Solutions.
The groups are coordinating a November lobbying effort and planning events to commemorate the first anniversary of the Newtown, Conn., massacre last December. . . .
As I have written about before, the White House is apparently still deeply involved in the push for gun control at the state level.
The coordinated events include a nationwide bus tour sponsored by Mayors Against Illegal Guns, the Bloomberg-funded effort, a series of Americans for Responsible Solutions stops by former Rep. Gabrielle Giffords and her husband, Mark Kelly, and some 200 local Organizing for Action events in August. . . .
The article also had information on the exact timing of the federal push is discussed here:
The groups and the White House are considering events pegged to Dec. 14, the anniversary of the Newtown shooting, which launched Obama's gun control push. The Brady Campaign is planning four days of events the second week of November, including what its president, Dan Gross, called the largest gun control lobbying day ever at the Capitol and a day of speeches from prominent officials at the Mayflower Hotel.
Gross said the Brady Campaign also is planning to commemorate Nov. 30, the 20th anniversary of former President Bill Clinton signing legislation that required background checks for commercial gun sales. That event, Gross said, will remind gun control supporters that it took seven votes over six years to become law. . . .
The rest of the article mentions that while Biden is still involved publicly with the gun control issue, he is not participating in the weekly White House meetings.
Piers Morgan viciously attacked Alan Gottlieb for his "guns save lives" day , but any guesses whether Morgan will attack gun control advocates for their own push for gun control on that day?
The rallies, organized by the Washington state-based Second Amendment Foundation, will now be held one day later, on Dec. 15, which happens to be Bill of Rights Day.
“We will not politicize the day, and we hope (gun-control advocates) will not politicize and push their anti-civil rights agenda on the 14th,” the group's founder and executive vice president, Alan Gottlieb, told the New Haven Register.
“We're going to show that we are sensitive.” . . . .
Meanwhile, a "news" article in the New York Daily News makes this point:I have checked this author's other articles and they seem like pretty straightforward news stories.
In promotion of their upcoming print release of the series' first volume, Glénat has added their French translation of the Dragon Ball Super manga's first chapter to their website.
The first collected volume hits French shelves 05 April 2017. Glénat had dabbled in various supplementary Dragon Ball material in recent history, including the 590 Quiz Book along with series such as Jaco the Galactic Patrolman and Dragon Ball SD.
The respective page in our “Manga Guide” has been updated with this release information.
The Dragon Ball Super “comicalization” began in June 2015 as a promotional tie-in for the television series. The manga runs monthly in Shueisha's V-Jump magazine, with the series' twenty-second chapter coming next week in the magazine's May 2017 issue. Illustrated by “Toyotarō” (in all likelihood, a second pen-name used by Dragon Ball AF fan manga author and illustrator “Toyble”), the Dragon Ball Super manga covered the Battle of Gods re-telling, skipped the Resurrection ‘F' re-telling, and “charged ahead” to the Champa arc to act as further promotion for the television series. Viz is currently releasing free digital chapters of the series in English, and will release their own collected print edition beginning in May 2017.
The Dragon Ball Super television series now receives weekly simulcast streams on services such as Crunchyroll and Daisuki. FUNimation has also announced their American distribution license for the series, with the English dub beginning earlier this year on Cartoon Network.
Thanks to Romain for the heads-up!
Electric cars and plug-in hybrids are amongst the fastest-selling late model used cars in the U.S., according to a new study from iSeeCars. Of the top 10 fastest-selling used cars, six don't rely on gasoline. The models earning the distinction of cracking the top 10 are Fiat's 500e (#1), BMW's i3 (#2), Toyota's Prius Plug-in Hybrid (#4), Nissan's Leaf (#6), Ford's Fusion Energi (#9), and Tesla's Model S (#10).
The average price of a one- to three-year-old car is $21,000, and Phong Ly, CEO of iSeeCars, speculates that consumers are more willing to take a chance on used electric models thanks to their comparatively lower price. Some of these EVs and hybrids even have price points that are less than half the average, like the 500e's average of $9,055.
A used Tesla Model S, on the other hand, will cost anywhere from $40,000 to $80,000, but sales are still doing well thanks to other factors. “Tesla's popularity, along with the scarcity of the Model S on the used car market, is probably driving prices up while cars continue to sell quickly,” said Ly. Tesla's recent decision to discontinue the cheapest Model S option probably isn't helping either.
Electrek notes that this study is a clear indication that people are willing to buy electric cars, despite what automakers may have said in the past about the lack of demand. In reality, people are interested in these vehicles — they just need to be priced comparable to their gas-guzzling counterparts. Discounts, tax credits, and other purchasing incentives go a long way, too.
Note: CPU mining is extrememly inefficient I was mining an an 8 core machine for 3 days and didn't mine a block, but it is chance based so your results may vary. Either get a machine with a GPU, or think about purchasing mining power from a provider.
See my previous blog post about how I purchased mining contracts from a dedicated provider.
If you have an Azure account and want to experiment with spinning up a VM to do some CPU mining, here are the instructions to go through. It is made complicated due to the Ubuntu VM images only creating disks of 30GB which isn't large enough to hold the Ethereum blockchain.
There are 4 major steps:
Prestep – Prepare a wallet to mine into.
Create a new Ubuntu VM on Azure.
Configure a 2nd hard drive.
Move /home to the new hard drive.
Move /home to the new hard drive. Install and run geth.
Prestep – Prepare a wallet to mine into
It is more convenient to have your miner send any mined Eth to a central wallet that you control. The easiest way is to use the desktop Mist wallet
Download Mist https://github.com/ethereum/mist/releases
Run it, let it sync to the network (may take a few hours). You can let it sync while you set up your Linux VM
After it has finally synced, create a new account. Note the unique code for later. We will tell our miner to put all mined ether into that wallet.
Create a Linux VM in Azure
Create a new Ubuntu linux VM. You will want to pick a VM size with at least 2 cores (otherwise all your time will be spent importing blocks instead of mining).
To make it easy to connect via SSH later, give your VM a friendly hostname
Connect / Install helpful tools (optional)
If you don't have a SSH client, download and install Putty http://www.putty.org/
Open putty and connect
Open a 2nd instance of Putty so you can monitor CPU while working
install htop sudo apt-get install htop
Run htop htop
Configure a 2nd hard drive
The Ubuntu image creates a VM with a 30GB hard disk. The issue with this, is that the Ethereum blockchain itself is over 30GB and so the disk will run out of space before you sync. You need to attach a 2nd hard drive, configure the system to move /home to the 2nd disk.
Simplified from https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/virtual-machines-linux-how-to-attach-disk/
In the portal attach a new disk. The name is unimportant. Make it at least 200GB. You will only be charged blob storage for the space you fill up.
You can list your drives. You will see /dev/sdc as not having valid partitions (as we haven't set them up yet) sudo fdisk -l
run fdisk on sdc . You can just accept the defaults by pressing Enter sudo fdisk /dev/sdc n (new) Primary (Accept Defaults) 1 (Accept Defaults) First Sector (Accept Defaults) Last Sector (Accept Defaults) w (to close and apply)
. You can just accept the defaults by pressing Enter Format the new partition sudo mkfs -t ext4 /dev/sdc1
this will now show our new drive is partitioned and ready to use! sudo fdisk -l
Temporarily mount it to /datadrive sudo mkdir /datadrive sudo mount /dev/sdc1 /datadrive
Get the UUID (can copy in putty simply by selecting text with mouse. Auto copies to clipboard) sudo -i blkid
Add it to the filesystem so that it is always mounted at startup sudo nano /etc/fstab add in your disk in the below format
UUID=???????? /datadrive ext4 defaults 0 2
e.g. UUID=385ae56e-cc0d-4d6a-9130-70458e7c57b7 /datadrive ext4 defaults 0 2
Ctrl+x to quit. Y to save
Try unmounting and remounting to confirm it is all okay sudo umount /datadrive sudo mount /datadrive
Make the drive writeable sudo chmod go+w /datadrive
Can confirm that your /datadrive is as large as you made it earlier. Should be /datadrive sudo df -H
I would reboot now to make sure the system comes back up and you haven't broken anything. Better to do now with a fresh machine than later sudo reboot
Move /home to 2nd drive
Simplified from https://help.ubuntu.com/community/Partitioning/Home/Moving
duplicate files from /home to /datadrive sudo rsync -aXS --exclude='/*/.gvfs' /home/. /datadrive/.
change /datadrive to /home sudo nano /etc/fstab
Rename the old /home, and prepare an empty directory ready for fstab to mount to cd / && sudo mv /home /old_home && sudo mkdir /home
Make sure it all works by rebooting sudo reboot
Install and run Geth!!
Finally the reason we are here. You can easily install by adding in the repository into apt-get and installing from there
Simplified from https://github.com/ethereum/go-ethereum/wiki/Installation-Instructions-for-Ubuntu
Install geth sudo apt-get install software-properties-common sudo add-apt-repository -y ppa:ethereum/ethereum sudo add-apt-repository -y ppa:ethereum/ethereum-dev sudo apt-get update sudo apt-get install ethereum
Run geth. Replace the ether address with your wallet
I prefer to run geth via screen. That way if putty disconnects it will still continue to run on the server. screen -S gethminer geth --etherbase '0x461da8f20aa94fac22d7b134afac5481315d7dae' --mine 2&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;gt; geth.log
Replace the ether address with your wallet I prefer to run geth via screen. That way if putty disconnects it will still continue to run on the server. Tip: If putty disconnects, you can reconnect by using screen -r -S gethminer
Here is a screenshot of me running 2 instances of Putty. One with htop showing the 8 core machine at 100% utilisation, and a 2nd instance showing geth processing blocks.
Advertisements
The Northern States Christian and Elders Forum (NOCSEF) has released names of 180 girls abducted by the Boko Haram Sect from Government Girls Secondary School (GGSS), Chibuk.
According to the statement issued by President/Founder of Old Time Revival Hour, Kaduna & immediate-past chairman of Northern States Christian and Elders Forum (NOCSEF), an affiliate of CAN, Evangelist Matthew Owojaiye, the majority of the abducted girls are Christians.
Noting that the population of Chibok Local Government is 90%, Owojaiye wondered why the Boko Haram did not visit so many other Local Government Girls Secondary Schools in Borno State.
The abducted Christian girls are:
1 Deborah ​Abge
2. Awa ​Abge ”
3. Hauwa ​Yirma ”
4. Asabe ​Manu ”
5. Mwa ​Malam pogu ”
6. Patiant ​Dzakwa ”
7. Saraya ​Mal. Stover ”
8. Mary ​Dauda ”
9. Gloria ​Mainta ”
10.Hanatu ​Ishaku ”
11. Gloria ​Dama ”
12. Tabitha ​Pogu ”
13. Maifa ​Dama ”
14. Ruth ​kollo ”
15. Esther ​Usman ”
16 Awa ​James
17 Anthonia Yahonna
18 Kume ​Mutah
19 Aisha ​Ezekial ”
20 Nguba ​Buba ”
21 Kwanta ​Simon.
22 Kummai ​Aboku.
23 Esther ​Markus
24 Hana ​Stephen.
25. Rifkatu ​Amos
26 Rebecca ​Mallum
27.Blessing ​Abana.
28. Ladi ​Wadai
29. Tabitha ​Hyelampa.
30 Ruth ​Ngladar .
31 Safiya ​Abdu .
32 Na'omi ​Yahonna.
33 Solomi ​Titus .
34Rhoda ​John
35 Rebecca ​Kabu
36. Christy ​Yahi.
37. Rebecca ​Luka.
38. Laraba ​John
39 Saratu ​Markus.
40. Mary ​Usman.
41 Debora ​Yahonna.
42.Naomi ​Zakaria
43 Hanatu ​Musa
44. Hauwa ​Tella
45.Juliana ​Yakubu.
46. Suzana ​Yakubu
47.Saraya ​Paul.
48. Jummai ​Paul
49. Mary ​Sule
50. Jummai ​John.
51.Yanke ​Shittima.
52. Muli ​Waligam .
53. Fatima ​Tabji.
54. Eli ​Joseph.
55.Saratu ​Emmanuel.
56. Deborah Peter.
57.Rahila ​Bitrus.
58. Luggwa ​Sanda.
59. Kauna ​Lalai.
60. Lydia ​Emmar.
61.Laraba ​Maman.
62.Hauwa ​Isuwa.
63. Confort ​Habila.
64. Hauwa ​Abdu.
65. Hauwa ​Balti.
66.Yana ​Joshua.
67.Laraba ​Paul.
68.Saraya ​Amos.
69. Glory ​Yaga.
70. Na'omi ​Bitrus.
71. Godiya ​Bitrus.
72. Awa ​Bitrus.
73. Na'omi ​Luka.
74. Maryamu Lawan.
75. Tabitha ​Silas.
76. Mary ​Yahona.
77. Ladi ​Joel.
78. Rejoice ​Sanki.
79. Luggwa ​Samuel.
80.Comfort ​Amos.
81. Saraya ​Samuel.
82. Sicker ​Abdul.
83.Talata ​Daniel.
84. Rejoice ​Musa.
85Deborah ​Abari.
86. Salomi ​Pogu.
87.Mary ​Amor.
88. Ruth ​Joshua.
89Esther ​John.
90. Esther ​Ayuba.
91. Maryamu Yakubu.
91. Zara ​Ishaku.
93. Maryamu Wavi
94. Lydia ​Habila.
95. Laraba ​Yahonna.
96. Na'omi ​Bitrus.
97.Rahila ​Yahanna.
98. Ruth ​Lawan.
99. Ladi ​Paul.
100 Mary ​Paul.
101. Esther ​Joshua.
102. Helen ​Musa.
103. Margret Watsai.
104. Deborah Jafaru.
105. Filo ​Dauda.
106. Febi ​Haruna.
107.Ruth ​Ishaku.
108.Racheal Nkeki.
109. Rifkatu Soloman.
110.Mairama yahaya.
111.Saratu ​Dauda.
112.Jinkai ​Yama.
113.Margret Shettima.
114.Yana ​yidau.
115. Grace ​Paul.
116. Amina ​Ali.
117. Palmata Musa
118. Awagana Musa
119. Pindar ​Nuhu
120.Yana ​Pogu.
121. Saraya ​Musa
122. Hauwa ​Joseph.
123. Hauwa ​kwakwi.
125. Hauwa ​Musa.
126. Maryamu Musa.
127. Maimuna Usman.
128. Rebeca Joseph.
129.Liyatu ​Habitu.
130. Rifkatu Yakubu.
131. Naomi ​Philimon.
132.Deborah Abbas.
133. Ladi ​Ibrahim.
134. Asabe ​Ali
135. Maryamu Bulama.
136.Ruth ​Amos.
137.Mary ​Ali
138. Abigail Bukar
139 Deborah Amos
140. Saraya ​Yanga
141. Kauna ​Luka
142. Christiana Bitrus
143.Yana ​Bukar
144. Hauwa ​peter
145.Hadiza ​Yakubu.
146.Lydia ​Simon
147. Ruth ​Bitrus .
148.Mary ​Yakubu
149.Lugwa ​Mutah.
150 Muwa ​Daniel.
151 Hanatu ​Nuhu
152. Monica Enoch.
153. Margret Yama.
154.Docas ​yakubu.
155. Rhoda ​peter
156. Rifkatu Galang
157. Saratu ​Ayuba.
158. Naomi ​Adamu.
159. Hauwa ​Ishaya
160. Rahap ​Ibrahim
162. Deborah Soloman.
163Hauwa ​Mutah
164. Hauwa ​Takai.
165. Serah ​Samuel.
Below are the Muslim Girls.
166. Aishatu Musa.
167. Aishatu Grema.
168. Hauwa ​Nkeki
169. Hamsatu Abubakar
170.Mairama Abubakar.
171 Hauwa ​Wule
172. Ihyi ​Abdu
173. Hasana Adamu.
174. Rakiya ​Kwamtah
175 Halima ​Gamba.
176. Aisha ​Lawan .
177. Kabu ​Malla
178. Yayi ​Abana.
179. Falta ​Lawan.
180. Kwadugu Manu
Hillary Clinton reveals in her new book she was angry with NBC's Matt Lauer for questioning her about her use of a private email server during an interview last year, saying NBC treated the event like an “episode of ‘The Apprentice.'”
NBC hosted a “Commander-in-Chief Forum” aboard the USS Intrepid on Sept. 6, 2016, and the event was supposed to focus on the candidates' stances on foreign policy. But during the interview, Lauer, the longtime host of the “Today” show, questioned Clinton on the email scandal.
“Now I was ticked off,” Clinton wrote in her forthcoming book “What Happened” according to reports. “NBC knew exactly what it was doing here. The network was treating this like an episode of ‘The Apprentice,' in which Trump stars and ratings soar. Lauer had turned what should have been a serious discussion into a pointless ambush. What a waste of time.”
READ MORE:
Facebook is absolutely, positively, 100 percent not working on a phone.
The first rule of tech news remains intact: when a company says they're definitely not doing something, it's as sure a sign as you can get that they will eventually do say thing.
“Today we're finally gonna talk about that Facebook Phone…,” Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg said only slightly in jest to kick off today's event. He then went on to give the same type of semantics argument he's been giving for years. “So we're not building a phone. And we're not building an operating system.” Both are technically true statements.
And yet. Boom. Facebook Phone.
Here's the thing: you can argue semantics about basically anything in the world. Does Apple actually build the iPhone? Or does Foxconn? Does Amazon build their own OS? Or does Google? Is the phone I held in my hand today real? Or are we in The Matrix?
We all knew the Facebook Phone was coming. And here it is. Far more interesting to me now is what exactly it means for the ecosystem in general.
“You don't need to fork Android to do this,” Zuckerberg said at the beginning of his keynote. This is a theme that would come up again and again throughout the presentation. At one point, there was even a cute blue and white fork icon that was crossed out. You simply must understand: Facebook is not forking Android!
But why does that matter? It doesn't.
There's this negative connotation around the term “forking,” perhaps because a few others, notably Amazon, have forked Android in a way Google probably would not prefer. But the forking argument is another semantics one. No, Facebook isn't technically forking Android, but what they're doing is arguably more invasive. As I tweeted earlier, they're essentially “spooning” it.
And make no mistake, Facebook is the big spoon here.
Sure, Facebook is saying all the right things now. How many times today did we hear about how great it is that Android is so “open”? And yes, Google did have to approve this new HTC First (Facebook Phone) device in order for it to be certified to carry the Google Apps and Play Store. But my sense is still that this tone may change in the coming months as Google and Facebook find themselves more at odds. We'll see.
As Zuckerberg himself said today, “The home screen is really the soul of your phone.” Why would Google not want to own that soul? Especially on an OS they built? They may be fine with Facebook Home for now, but the countdown to Google+ Home or, more interestingly, Google Now Home, is officially on. And when that hits…
Facebook tried to convey something that wasn't technically true during the keynote today. They tried to make us believe that Facebook Home is just another app. Or perhaps more accurately, a better kind of app. That is technically true of the version that will be in the Google Play Store next week. But the version that will come pre-installed on the HTC First is different.
That version uses hooks in Android that are not normally exposed to standard apps. This is to allow Facebook Home to show all third-party app notifications, not just the ones coming from Facebook's app. The downloadable Google Play version of Facebook Home will not be able to do this. HTC, using their previous experience from their “Sense” skins, did this for Facebook, as I understand it. And that's why Google had to approve it beforehand. (Which, again, they did.)
Now, maybe Google opens up these hooks in a future version of Android and this difference is moot. Or maybe they don't. You have to wonder why they haven't yet, especially with so many other “skins” out there in the Android world. Today, though, the difference remains.
And so, while not forking Android, Facebook isn't exactly just building your standard app, either. And if the technical argument isn't enough to convince you, just think about how many other app makers partner with OEMs. And how many get key space inside the retail stores of a carrier partner?
This Facebook Phone is a bigger deal than Facebook wants to let on. And understandably so. You don't announce you're going to rob someone's house before you rob it. And just because, in the case of Android, Google left the doors unlocked, it doesn't mean it's not a robbery.
(The situation becomes much more gray when you consider that, technically, Google invited them in by way of a third-party guest. But that would still be robbery. Even if they helped move around some furniture before they left with the goods. But now I'm way too deep in the woods…)
If Facebook Home isn't any good, none of this will likely matter. I only got to play around with it for a few minutes today, but I was generally impressed by how smooth everything seemed to operate. It seems almost un-Android-like in that regard. But giving good demo is not the same as being a good product. So we'll have to wait and see on that front, as well.
Still, I think today's maneuver was a very smart one by Facebook. They're not forking Android because that implies something bad. They're spooning with Android, which is fine — nice, even. Never mind the fact that Google probably won't be too fond of either eventually for the same underlying reasons.
These days, Samsung doesn't seem to mention Android too often even though they're so reliant on the OS. But Google seems okay with that as the Search and Play revenues continue to flow in. Similarly, Facebook didn't mention the Android-maker too often today, and I doubt they will go forward with this and future Facebook Phones. And Google should be okay with that as long as the Search and Play revenues continue to flow in.
But what if Facebook Home eventually swaps out Google Search for the search engine of their investor and close partner, Microsoft? Or what if they put Facebook Search front and center instead? Or what if people search less in general because they just use this device for Facebook services and little else? Or what if Facebook decides to use their own app store instead of Google Play?
Or what if Google, sick of seeing Samsung, Amazon, and now Facebook fondle Android, decides that they want to own the branding of their creation? Again, what if they want to be the “soul of your phone”? There are a lot of variables here going forward.
“It is possible that they go back on their commitment to openness. But I don't think they will. And it would take a lot of effort,” Zuckerberg said when asked about Google today. That reeks of one of those statements that will come back to haunt. Or maybe he's just being disingenuous, feigning naiveness — because, again, maybe he's the thief to Google's joker.
For now, Facebook and Google are strange bedfellows, spooning.
[photo: flickr/Jeff Kubina]
What happened
Fitbit Inc. (NYSE:FIT) stock had its worst single day ever on Thursday after the company's disappointing Q3 earnings showed a reasonable quarter but guided for a lousy fourth quarter, which includes the all-important holiday season. As of 11 a.m. EDT, the stock was down 30%.
So what
For the third quarter, Fitbit's sales rose 23% year over year to $504 million. Net income, however, was cut nearly in half from $45.8 million in Q3 2015 to $26.1 million. Fitbit's sales growth has been slowing dramatically in recent quarters, and slowing earnings is troubling for many on Wall Street.
The IDC, the leading source of wearables markets share data, came out with their most recent round of market share data in September, which showed the basic wearables market (those that don't support third-party apps like smartwatches do) was continuing to grow, up 26% year over year. Fitbit has lost some of its market share over the last couple of years, but these Q2 IDC numbers showed that it had ticked up slightly over the last year and had performed better than most of its competitors.
Yet, in Fitbit's Q3 earnings, the company guided that for the upcoming quarter, which includes the holiday season and usually comprises about 40% of Fitbit's annual sales, sales growth would be just 2%-5%. Analysts were expecting much higher. "We continue to grow and are profitable. However, not at the pace previously expected," said CEO James Park.
Now what
There still appears to be a large opportunity in the wearables space. Analysts at Scalar Market Research expect the market to grow by 138% by 2021, to $71 billion. However, while the market is growing quickly, so are the number of competitors looking to take their share of it, and many of them with far better products than Fitbit or similar products at lower prices.
Fitbit has increased its research and development spending by nearly 150% in the nine months ended Sept. 30 over the same time last year. So far, each round of Fitbit wearables has been an incremental upgrade over previous versions, but so far, nothing that really sets Fitbit apart in an increasingly competitive industry. This big jump in R&D could mean that there are some exciting new products in production.
The stock has certainly been volatile in its short life. After going public in June 2015 at $20 a share, its price more than doubled to $50 in just two months. Since then, it has fallen over the next year to its current low of $9, its lowest ever, during today's onslaught. There are certainly many risks ahead for Fitbit, and we have yet to see if any new products will actually move the needle on earnings. Still, following the recent sell-off, Fitbit shares are trading at just seven times forward-looking earnings estimates.
In a few days, AMD would unveil their Radeon R9 290X and Radeon R9 290 graphic cards which are based on the flagship Hawaii chip to tackle the NVIDIA GK110 core. Over the time we have acquired some information on the new chips but their performance still remains a mystery since the early benchmarks we saw were performed on engineering samples.
Image is courtesy of PCOnline!
AMD Radeon R9 290X and Radeon R9 290 Gaming and Overclocked Performance Exposed
The new gaming performance results and synthetic benchmarks exposed are from the retail models that have been shipped to tech sites across the world. Only yesterday did multiple Chinese tech sites posted full galleries dedicated to the Radeon R9 290X. AMD hasn't restricted them from showcasing the cards themselves since AMD itself showed the GPU model at their GPU '14 events. We know how the card and the PCB under its hood looks like plus we also have some details regarding the specifications but i won't go into much detail regarding them.
Expreview and ZOL posted their Radeon R9 290X gallery yesterday picturing the card in full detail. we are looking at a Hawaii chip that measure at 438mm2 which is larger than its predecessor and houses around 2816 stream processors. You can check out our other articles for specification overview of the Hawaii chip so we will keep this article focused on the graphics card itself.
We heard from some manufacturer's that most of the AIC partners would only have reference models of the card at launch, we did saw some early listings of non-reference models such as the ASUS Radeon R9 290X DirectCU II but i don't believe we would get them at launch which itself is a mystery. The reference design is the same thing we saw at the Volcanic Islands launch event held in Hawaii. AMD has used their legacy Red and Black theme and a simple manufacturer logo is featured on top of the blower color which in this case is from HIS Digital.
The card features a long cooler shroud that features a blower fan which pushes air towards the internal heatsink equipped with aluminum fins. The aluminum fin heatsink block is featured on top of a large copper vapor heatsink block. Display outputs include Dual-Link DVI, HDMI and a display port while power is provided through an 8+6 Pin connector.
The PCB features a 5+1+1 phase (5 Phases Core/ 1 Phase Memory/ 1 Phase PLL) VRM design featuring the Copper MOSFETs, CPL chokes and the IR 3567B PWM chip. The memory modules featured as SK Hynix built labeled with the H5GQ2H24AFR-R0C part with a maximum data rate of 6 Gbps. There are 6 modules in total which represent a 512-bit/4 GB GDDR5 memory.
Let's get back to the performance talk shall we? Their are only two slides courtesy of Chiphell that detail the performance of both the Radeon R9 290X and Radeon R9 290 specifically in games. The poster was nice enough to showcase the overclocked performance of both cards against its competitors. The Radeon R9 290X was over-clocked to 1100 MHz core and 1275 MHz memory giving just around 10% average performance boost over an overclocked GeForce GTX Titan in Battlefield 3/Crysis 3/Tomb Raider/Metro: Last Light. The Radeon R9 290 was overclocked to 1050 MHz core and 1275 MHz memory delivering around 4% performance increase over the GTX 780 Lightning overclocked to 1162 MHz core and 1672 MHz memory. Take a look in the chart below for a more detailed representation of the performance numbers:
Rating Performance (1920×1080 / 2560×1440 AA/16xAAF) AMD Radeon R9 290X 4 GB 180.4% Average Performance NVIDIA GeForce GTX Titan 6 GB 174.0% Average Performance AMD Radeon R9 290 4 GB 165.5% Average Performance NVIDIA GeForce GTX 780 3 GB 159.6% Average Performance NVIDIA GeForce GTX 770 2 GB 131.3% Average Performance
Overclocked Performance @ 2560×1440 Max R9 290X OC @1100/1275 MHz 153.0% Average Performance GTX Titan OC @1097/1625 MHz 144.6% Average Performance R9 290 OC @ 1050/1275 MHz 141.2% Average Performance Lightning GTX 780 OC @1162/1672 MHz 137.7% Average Performance Toxic R9 280X OC @ 1232/1707 MHz 115.6% Average Performance
You can see the results for yourself unfortunately these are the only ones that details the performance of both R9 290 series cards. But you can see more synthetic benchmarks of the Radeon R9 290X below which include Unigine Heaven, 3DMark 11 and 3DMark Firestrike.
AMD Radeon R9 290X AMD Radeon R9 290 GeForce GTX 780 GeForce GTX Titan GPU Codename Hawaii Hawaii GK110 GK110 GPU Process 28nm 28nm 28nm 28nm Stream Processors 2816 2560 2304 2668 Base Clock 800 MHz 900 MHz 863 MHz 837 MHz Turbo Clock 1000 MHz 947 MHz 902 MHz 876 MHz VRAM 4 GB 4 GB 3 GB 6 GB Memory Bus 512-Bit 512-Bit 384-Bit 384 Bit Memory Clock 5 GHz (effective) 5 GHz
(effective) 6 GHz (effective) 6 GHz (effective) Power Configuration 8+6 Pin 8+6 Pin 8+6 Pin 8+6 Pin PCB VRM 5+1+1 5+1+1 6+2 6+2 Die Size ~438mm2 438mm2 551mm2 551mm2 Launch Date October 2013 October 2013 23rd June 2013 21st February 2013 Launch Price $649 $499 $649 $999
Update – PCOnline has posted the first proper review of the Radeon R9 290X graphic card and you can now take a look at more performance charts below. Again we see that the card trades blows with the GeForce GTX Titan but the most notable difference is that the Radeon R9 290X is a hot card with temperatures swirling across the 94C mark and the power consumption is about 60 Watts higher than the Titan. So proper cooling and power supplies would be recommended for use with AMD's next generation flagship card.
Tomb Raider
Metro Last Light
Crysis 3
Splinter Cell Blacklist
Call of Duty Black Ops II
Sleeping Dogs
Far Cry 3
Battlefield 3
Temperature
Power Consumption
WANDERERS have been dealt a blow ahead of tonight's Capital One Cup clash against Burton Albion after skipper Darren Pratley was ruled out with an ankle injury.
Pratley picked up the injury early in Saturday's draw against Derby but battled on to put in a fine display.
However scans have since revealed ligament damage but boss Neil Lennon hopes it will only been a short-term lay-off for the 30-year-old.
The Northern Irishman told The Bolton News: "Darren Pratley went in for a tackle very early on – I think it was the incident when Bryson got injured for Derby.
"He felt it but had it strapped up at half time and played on which is exactly what I want.
"He was hurt but played through the pain barrier.
"He has had a scan and unfortunately there is a bit of ligament damage there which may keep him out for a week or two.
"Hopefully it's nothing more serious but he will see a specialist.
"We are pretty confident there is no surgery required.
"It will just be a question of rehabilitation on that.
"But he has shown the attitude that I want.
"He has maybe sacrificed himself for a week or two but he played through the pain and played very well."
Pratley will join suspended Jay Spearing on the sidelines at the Macron Stadium tonight, meaning enforced changes for Lennon after Saturday's positive performance.
It could open the way for Josh Vela, Mark Davies or Tom Walker to return to the line-up.
But the manager does not want to make wholesale switches to his side.
He added: "Obviously we have enforced changes but I don't want to make too many – I have to respect the opposition.
"Tom Walker trained most of last week and looked good.
"I just wanted to go with experience at the weekend.
"We had a strong bench as well so Tom was unfortunate to miss out but he will come into our thoughts for tonight.
"Derik and Wheater are still about a week away, while Tim Ream will be a doubt for the weekend.
"It is no ordinary dead leg.
"Speaking to Steve Megson (physio), he said it's probably the worst one he has seen in his career.
"The muscle damage and bleeding was quite intense.
"He's lucky there was no calcification because with the thigh it can be career-threatening.
"It is just a case of healing with time."
Editor's note: This article was originally posted in July 2014. As the TSA Instagram feed continues to document bizarre paraphernalia in airplane carry-on luggage, we've updated our gallery with new images to celebrate the day before Thanksgiving — infamously known as one of the busiest travel days of the year.
Though bringing throwing stars and live snakes on a plane seem to be obvious poor choices, the feed proves that certain individuals just don't heed the prohibited items list.
The Transportation Security Administration hasn't endeared itself to the public by shuffling every airline passenger in America through full-body scanners and getting up close and personal with a pat-down search if they decline. It's been accused of overreach, overspending, and redundancy. But one thing the bureaucratic behemoth has definitely done right is to create an always entertaining and occasionally unbelievable Instagram feed.
The feed is essentially a gallery of some of the craziest items people try to get past security checkpoints. There's no shortage of material—the TSA claims an average of 40 firearms (often loaded) are seized at checkpoints every week. Nine-bladed super knife? Grenade? Everything you need to assemble a bomb? Yes, all that and more. Everything that's seized is photographed for posterity, if not the spectacle, and then shared on social media to show people what's what.
Loading View on Instagram
"We're just using a new mechanism to reach an audience with Instagram," says TSA Press Secretary Ross Feinstein. "We're not trying to make a statement that people are trying to do anything nefarious with these items. We're just trying to alert people that these are still prohibited items."
In addition to the guns and other prohibited items, the TSA feed also features adorable bomb-sniffing dogs, spotlights various employees and calls out programs and promotions. In the year since it was started, the feed has drawn more than 72,000 followers. Over that time, the agency has made some headway reminding travelers of the rules and making the case that the TSA's work is meant to keep them safe. "Many often assume our officers are not discovering dangerous, prohibited items," says Feinstein. The feed undoubtedly is part of a PR strategy to improve the agency's image, but it's hard to not get drawn in.
Bob Burns (known as Blogger Bob) is the guy who makes the feed what it is. Each week he reviews reports from some 450 airports nationwide, looking for the most interesting incidents. He works with the agency's national coordination centers to secure the photos from the airports, which he posts with friendly reminders of what's prohibited on a plane and why.
“I'll ask for a photograph and a lot of times I'll be surprised by what I see,” Bob says. “A lot of times I'm not even sure what the photo's going to look like—the report might just say ‘a four inch knife,' but for all I know it could be a steak knife or it could be one of these fantasy Klingon knives.”
Blogger Bob joined TSA one year to the day after 9/11. Before that, he did a stint in the Army and as a traveling singer/songwriter. He quickly ascended the TSA ranks and helped launch the TSA blog and Week in Review section in 2008. Even now, there is no dedicated social media team or budget, just Bob. As the TSA's social media voice, he toes the party line, but knows from experience just how weird and interesting the stuff gathered at the front lines is.
“I used Instagram personally so I knew the kind of photos people shared, and I just knew that the photos we had from the week in review would be successful,” he says.
Beyond the blog and Instagram, the TSA also maintains an active Twitter account and says its social media channels were established strictly to improve communication. The blog has been the site of contentious conversations about the organization, and Feinstein says customer complaints have been addressed and resolved using Twitter.
When the government starts a social media account, it can draw a lot of attention. Look no further than the sudden popularity of the CIA's first tweet. In the right hands, a social media presence can give personality to an otherwise inscrutable organization. Bob says the social media channels have helped to shift the conversation a bit.
"You change it from people complaining about TSA to people saying, ‘Wow look what TSA found, I can't believe someone would try to come through with this,'” He says. “We like to show not only that our workforce is capable of finding these things, but we'd like to educate people."
Despite its popularity, TSA's Instagram account is ultimately something it really wishes didn't exist. It's fed by the mistaken and often dangerous oversight of passengers who at best slow us all down as we slog through security. At worst, they put people passengers in danger.
“We would love to put a blog post on our website every Friday that says, ‘We did not discover any firearms at checkpoints nationwide, we didn't discover any prohibited items like knives or any suspicious items whatsoever,'” says Feinstein. “While we like utilizing social media, we'd rather not find these items.”
A Denver-based company has acquired the retail operations of Austin's Rogue Running.
JackRabbit is the new owner of the Rogue Running store at 410 Pressler St., just west of downtown, which will be operated under the name Rogue Running by JackRabbit.
The Rogue Running training centers and the Rogue Expeditions travel business weren't included in the sale and will continue to operate separately.
JackRabbit now has 63 stores in 17 states, including nine in Texas operating under the RunOn! and Texas Running Co. names. One of those Texas Running Co. stores is in Austin's Arboretum area.
"Rogue Running has such a deep heritage within the Austin running community and are truly running enthusiasts and experts," JackRabbit CEO Bill Kirkendall said in a written statement. "We could not be happier to have their retail operation join our JackRabbit team.
"Like JackRabbit, Rogue Running has a strong running and fitness expertise and shares the same values of providing personalized services to its customers who are passionate about running and fitness. We are also excited to work in partnership with Rogue Running training and travel businesses as one Rogue Running community. We are committed to growing the JackRabbit brand across the country and Texas with the full support of our employees, management team and our shareholders at CriticalPoint Capital."
It's good to see the East Side of St. Paul get due attention.
It's even better when the attention aims to bring business development and jobs, jobs, jobs.
The Center Cities Competitiveness Initiative touts the East Side's shovel-ready sites; convenient location; highway, rail, river and air transportation connections; and access to a “ready and qualified labor market.”
There's promise in its work — focused on that neighborhood and one in Minneapolis — under the umbrella of GreaterMSP, the regional development partnership.
“There's a world of opportunity,” the initiative's director, Shauen Pearce-Lassiter, told us, noting the initiative's work with prospects who will foster “not just more jobs but jobs that are attainable by local residents.”
Among its distinctions, the initiative brings together the cities of St. Paul and Minneapolis, their respective counties, chambers of commerce, the St. Paul Port Authority and the McKnight Foundation.
“It's a really exciting opportunity,” St. Paul Planning and Economic Development Director Jonathan Sage-Martinson told us, to redefine how to “work together to maximize jobs and investment” in the two cities.
“It's a dynamic group,” Pearce-Lassiter said, working to “make sure that areas that have been disinvested are actually in the vanguard of growth for the entire city and for the region.”
The partners recognize, she told us, that we can “accelerate the rate of investment and increase employment opportunities.” When that's accomplished in neighborhoods like the East Side, “the whole city benefits, not just from more tax dollars but from more residents who are able to live healthy, sustainable lives.”
The group is “very clear about the focus on the East Side,” and its potential, Pearce-Lassiter said, noting such assets as the Port Authority's Beacon Bluff redevelopment of the former 3M site and the $75 million Health Partners Neuroscience Center that opened on Phalen Boulevard earlier this year.
With that level of investment, you have a network of companies who are saying they're here, they're thriving and that they “invite you to become part of our business community on the East Side,” she said.
The initiative isn't yet ready to make public the results of its outreach work, we were told, but among recent efforts was a successful July event to spotlight neighborhood assets and build relationships with real estate brokers. The “Invest on the East Side of St. Paul” fact sheet prepared for the event also is being promoted on social media. Information is at greatermsp.org/center-cities.
The work is supported by a $400,000 grant that McKnight's Eric Muschler describes as an outcome of area foundations' experience working together during construction of the Green Line. Much good came of efforts of the Central Corridor Funders Collaborative, he told us, but so did concern that there might have been “missed opportunities for job creation, missed opportunities for workforce development.”
There was “a longer-standing learning,” he said, “that we could have done more.”
The East Side and its companion neighborhood across the river — north Minneapolis — are locations of longstanding focus for McKnight, Muschler told us, noting that they include areas of concentrated poverty, yet “there's a whole lot of talent that exists there, there's a whole lot of opportunity there.”
McKnight and other funders are “light and beacons for us here in the region,” Pearce-Lassiter told us.
The foundation has been steadfast in its commitment to inclusive growth and equity, she said, and belief that this strategy “can grow the city — strengthen the city — by investing in these areas.”
When it comes to the collaboration, Sage-Martinson makes the point that the public and private development partners in St. Paul work together routinely, but the opportunity to connect with Minneapolis and regional colleagues is beneficial.
“We're learning together about what works particularly well in a center city,” he told us, and the initiative “challenges us, in some cases, to rethink what we can do to up our game.”
We wondered if the initiative is a departure from the norm for the agency that works largely to raise the Twin Cities region's profile nationally and internationally. The initiative is about the overall region's success and economic prosperity, “which is really our mission,” GreaterMSP's Mike Brown told us.
“There are some pockets of the region where that's a little more challenging,” he said, and efforts to take action in neighborhoods that need it help the region overall.
The result for the East Side is a compelling sales pitch focused on its assets: central location, access to amenities and an available workforce.
With its success, we all can win.
Bloomberg
Whether you've resolved to get debt-free this year or you have a long way to go to get there, it's good to be inspired. Look at people you know who are already living debt-free lives. Whether it's a friend, family member or co-worker, the person you are thinking of probably shares similar qualities with other debt-free people. Here are 10 common characteristics you can copy to live within your means.
1. They pay attention to details
You won't notice that recurring fee on your credit card for the gym you've stopped using if you're not checking your statement regularly. People without debt monitor their personal finances closely. They are less likely to waste money by forgetting about payment due dates or overdraft fees.
You can start paying more attention also. The key is just to start. Try looking at your credit card statements every month. Next monitor all of your spending. Now add up your income. Compare the two and see where you could cut back. Revisit this budget a few times a year to stay on track.
2. They know their stuff
Debt-free people do their own research. They might have an accountant, but they don't send over paperwork or sign their taxes without looking them over. If you want control over your finances, you need to learn about them. It may feel overwhelming but the sense of security you will feel in understanding what's happening with your money will outweigh the discomfort.
3. They pretend they make less
Even if you are already deep in debt, you can start to improve your situation by immediately changing the way you look at your money. Imagine you make 10%, 25% or even 50% less than you do. Make a budget using that math. It may be impossible at first, but start making cuts to your spending.
Debt-free people live on less than they make. This allows them to put money aside for buying a house, retirement and an emergency fund. This provides a financial independence that allows you more options in the future.
Also see: 10 things you can't buy with a credit card
4. They think long term
When the focus isn't on immediate gratification, you can make smarter decisions. Sure, it would be nice to have this season's hottest shoes, but how will they help your long-term financial goals? This doesn't mean you can't ever buy shoes! It just means you have to save up before you buy them. This also gives you the time to consider if you really even like the shoes and avoid impulse purchases.
5. They aren't afraid to ask
Ask for help. Ask for lower interest rates. Ask for forgiveness when they make one late payment. Debt-free people take control of their finances and they aren't meek about it. If you know someone who has met a financial milestone you admire (saved $1 million for retirement, bought a car in cash, etc.), don't be afraid to ask how they did it.
6. They save
Whether you got a significant bonus or a $25 check from Grandma, you should think first of paying yourself. This is true of your regular paycheck as well. You know you have to pay the rent (or mortgage), so treat your savings account the same way. Make it a habit. And better yet, make it a mindless habit by setting up automatic deposit. Debt-free people know adding even small amounts now will give you more financial freedom later.
7. They set goals
You'll find it easier to put aside money if you have a strong sense of what it is going toward. This works for when you are saving up for those shoes, planning a vacation or thinking about retirement. Debt-free people set specific goals so they know what they are striving for. This helps you stay on track. Retirement can be a hard one for young people. It seems so far away! Think about what sounds appealing about retirement. If it is travel, imagine the places you will visit. Now the goal seems more specific.
8. They say no
You may get lots of tempting offers throughout the week for lunch with co-workers or dinner with friends. Don't be afraid to say no. Debt-free people know that saying no to smaller expenses can add up to big savings. This doesn't mean you can't have any fun. Host a potluck dinner instead of trying out the new, expensive restaurant. Meet up with friends in the park for a walk instead of taking an expensive exercise class.
9. They know the value of cash
Debt-free people know the value of a dollar…because they see it! It can be easy to overspend when you are never seeing actual money. Having to part with some cash can remind you the transaction you are making is real. Plus, once that cash is gone, it is gone. Try only using cash for a while and see how it changes your perception of purchasing.
10. They value experiences over stuff
Debt-free people aren't focused on things. They value experiences more than having the latest things. The average person will list family and friends high on what they value. But are your choices reflecting that? If you are working extra hours to pay for a fancy meal with the family, think about the trade-offs. Would you be better off not working late and having two (or five or 10) meals at home with the family?
To become debt-free, you are going to have to shed some of your current bad habits and take on some new, more constructive ones. Use the people who already living debt free as inspiration.
This article originally appeared on Credit.com.
This story originally ran on Credit.com. More from Credit.com:
3 Strategies for Consolidating Debt
5 Steps to Reduce Your Debt
How to Pay Off Credit Card Debt
AJ Smith is an award-winning journalist with more than a decade of experience in television, radio, newspapers, magazines and online content. She currently serves as the managing editor for SmartAsset.
Since dropping Gerard Gallant in a controversial firing last week, the Florida Panthers have won just one game and lost four. Three of those losses came in overtime or shootout at least, including Tuesday's 3-2 OT loss to the Flyers. But since everything this franchise does now will be under the analytics vs. eye test microscope, the early returns on the surface have not been good.
Let's take a closer look at Tuesday's loss.
The Panthers held a lead for less than a minute-and-a-half and outshot the Flyers by a 44-25 count. Eight Panthers, including four of their defencemen, had at least four shots on goal while just one Flyer hit that total. If not for an amazing 42-save effort from Steve Mason, Florida would have won this game, but instead, they left with one of the most dominating losses in the past 10 years of NHL action.
This wasn't a bad loss — it was incredibly flukey. They didn't just get more shots than the Flyers, they got many more high quality chances than Philadelphia.
Since Tom Rowe took over behind the bench, the Panthers have outshot each of their opponents except for one, but haven't been able to pull away or earn wins. Just five of their 12 wins so far this year have come in regulation even though they average outshooting their opponent by 1 1/2 shots a game. Florida is top 10 in the league in shots for and bottom-third in shots allowed and yet they currently sit out of a playoff spot.
There are two ways to look at a loss and start to the season like this. One is to suggest that last year's division champion Panthers were a mirage, that the young team still has a lot of growing to do before it wins with any regularity and that the roster really lacks a finisher. And, maybe, the firing of a seasoned coach like Gallant will exacerbate these issues.
Or, looking at it another way, you may notice Florida's moving along with a PDO at 98.4, fifth-lowest in the league, suggesting an uptick is on the way and that losses like these will stop happening. The starting goaltending has been solid, so the top shooters should start to click with greater frequency before too long (and James Reimer should start playing somewhat better).
Through all these bumps in the road, Florida is still just three points out of the post-season picture. Tuesday's loss, one of the most dominating losses in the NHL stretching back almost 10 years, was the continuation of an early-season trend for the Panthers.
But it's not the losses that are the trend. It's the mounting bad luck that's just bound to be corrected.
At least, that's what the numbers say. Whether you believe them or not is up to you.
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
A total of 10 running backs were unveiled as semifinalists for the Doak Walker Award, the award's board of directors announced Thursday.
Included in the group is Boston College's Andre Williams, who currently leads the nation in rushing yards (1,471) and rushing yards per game (163.4). Six of the current Top 10 in rushing are represented: Western Kentucky's Antonio Andrews (No. 2), Washington's Bishop Sankey (No. 3), Arizona's Ka'Deem Carey (No. 6), Nebraska's Ameer Abdullah (No. 7) and Wisconsin's Melvin Gordon (No. 9).
The only ones from the Top 10 who are not a part of the 2013 Walker semifinalists Buffalo's Branden Oliver (No. 5), Bowling Green Travis Greene (No. 8) and Colorado State's Kapri Bibbs (No. 10), who has rushed for the most yards by a running back in a single game this season and leads the country with 19 rushing touchdowns. The No. 4 rusher in the country, Northern Illinois' Jordan Lynch, is a quarterback.
No semifinalists from a year ago were included in this year's group as well.
Wisconsin's Montee Ball was the 2012 Doak Walker Award winner.
Ameer Abdullah, Junior, Nebraska
Antonio Andrews, Senior, Western Kentucky
Ka'Deem Carey, Junior, Arizona
Mike Davis, Sophomore, South Carolina
Tyler Gaffney, Senior, Stanford
Melvin Gordon, Sophomore, Wisconsin
Tre Mason, Junior, Auburn
Bishop Sankey, Junior, Washington
Lache Seastrunk, Junior, Baylor
Andre Williams, Senior Boston College
Summary: Our history consists to a shocking degree of myths, which means we stand on sand — not rock. This weakens us, diminishing our ability to clearly see the world and prepare for the future. Our cousins across the Atlantic share some of these myths about WWII. Today we look at one of these. For us it's historical trivia, but we have to make a start somewhere.
.
Invasion 1940:
Did the Battle of Britain Alone Stop Hitler?
By Derek Robinson.
Reviewed by Michael Kiene (Major, US Army Reserve).
Originally published in the Marine Corps Gazette of April 2006.
Republished here with their generous permission.
.
The Battle of Britain is a stirring tale of how a handful of brave pilots of the Royal Air Force (RAF) thwarted Hitler's plans to invade Great Britain. During the summer and fall of 1940 the RAF battled the Luftwaffe over the skies of southern England, while on the ground the British Army was still trying to recover from the debacle in Belgium and France that ended at Dunkirk. Its weapons abandoned on the beaches of France, and reduced to hastily trained recruits practicing drill with broomsticks instead of rifles, the British Army could offer little more than token resistance had the Germans crossed the channel. The future of Western civilization was at stake. If the RAF had lost the Battle of Britain, England would have been helpless to stop the German invasion that was sure to follow.
Or so the common wisdom goes. The truth, according to author Derek Robinson, is somewhat different from the legend. In Invasion, 1940 Robinson sets out to debunk many of the common misperceptions (or “myths” as he calls them) about the Battle of Britain and the events leading up to it. He offers a compelling argument that while the RAF may have been England's first line of defense, it was by no means the last. Robinson contends that even if the RAF had lost the Battle of Britain, the Germans could never have successfully invaded England.
After their stunning success in France, the Germans had a few months (at most) in order to plan the invasion, train their troops, and assemble the vast quantities of boats, equipment, and supplies such an operation would require. In contrast, the D-Day planners had years to prepare for their cross channel invasion, as well as the advantage of having the industrial output of the largest economy in the world on their side. Even then, the success of D-Day was far from guaranteed. Germany never came close to having the ability to cross the channel. While Britain was wracked with fear over a possible German invasion, in Germany the planning for the invasion rarely rose above the level of wishful thinking.
The legend of the RAF's “finest hour” has grown over the years. Winston Churchill, speaking before Parliament, said of the RAF, “Never before have so many owed so much to so few.” Movies made during and after the war (and all seeming to star Errol Flynn) depicted dashing young pilots rising up in the sky in their Spitfires and Hurricanes to valiantly do battle with the Luftwaffe. All of this fueled the myth that the RAF alone saved England. What's left out of the picture is the Royal Navy. The navy survived the fall of France unscathed and stood as always as Great Britain's primary means of defense.
Derek Robinson does not in any way set out to belittle the RAF or its contribution to the war. However, he does seek to correct many of the popular myths about the war that have grown over the years. As a novelist, he has written several books about the RAF and the Royal Flying Corps, extolling their bravery and accomplishments during both world wars. Invasion, 1940 is based on his years of extensive research to ensure the historical accuracy of his stories. In the end, however, Robinson is first and foremost a novelist.
His assertion of an overwhelming myth regarding the role of the RAF may be relevant for the general population. The academic community has long acknowledged the role of the Royal Navy, the lack of a viable plan on the part of the Werhmacht, and the overall improbability of an invasion. As a result, professional military officers also harbor few illusions.
Even the homepage of the RAF,, acknowledges that even if the RAF had lost the battle, the Royal Navy could have stopped any invasion:
It has been postulated by many naval experts that due to the type of flatbottomed barge built by the Germans, simply running a Destroyer Squadron at full speed through their ranks would have caused many to capsize in the wake from the ships. The troops and their equipment would have suffered heavy casualties, and the invasion effectively stopped with little or no gunfire.
While not breaking any new ground historically speaking, Invasion, 1940 is worth reading for the person who wants to learn more about the true story of the Battle of Britain, instead of the myths that have grown up around it.
—————————————–
About the Derek Robinson
From his website:
I am an author, English, who has cornered the market in flying novels – three about the Royal Flying corps in WW1, three about the RAF in WW2 . Best known is Goshawk Squadron, which would have won the Booker Prize in 1971 if Saul Bellow, one of the judges, had had his way. “The most readable novel of the year,” Nina Bawden said in the Daily Telegraph. “I laughed aloud several times, and was in the end reduced to tears.”
… I'm told these novels reveal a streak of black humour and a certain debunking of the myths of war, plus what Paul Scott called “a narrative gift that sets up the hackles of involvement”. The American critic Paul Fussell commented, “I defy the reader to put the book down once Robinson has got him into the air.”
… A policeman's son from a council estate, I reckon I was born lucky. I had parents who read books, a public library on the corner, and the 1944 Education Act (State Scholarships for bright lads). I crossed the class barrier by going to Cambridge, got a degree in history, and learned to write boringly. Stints in advertising in London and New York changed all that. In 1966 I went to Portugal, wrote two unpublishable novels, returned to England flat broke, married, and finally got it right with Goshawk Squadron, which bought enough time to write the next ripping yarn.
I've also done a lot of broadcasting, starting in the 70s with radio, when editing a tape meant brisk work with a razor blade, moving on to TV in the 80s, when Autocue was new and not always reliable, so that a 60-second piece to camera tested the memory and the nerves. I made a few dozen documentaries and did a ton of rugby commentary. I also chaired the first-ever Radio 4 phone-in, which used big-name studio guests (Robert Mugabe was the first), and created and presented a Radio 2 show called Hit List that was an inverted Desert Island Discs – six bits of music you never want to hear again. Very funny, and why the BBC dropped it is beyond understanding. As for pastimes, I was a grassroots rugby referee for 30 years, and still play more squash than my friends, or my knees, think wise. All of which is fine and good, but what really matters are the books. The rest is just ink, sweat and taxes.
For more information about military history
.
.
.
.
New solar energy capacity worldwide increased by 50 percent in 2016 and may well surpass that growth this year, according to a new report from the trade group SolarPower Europe.
The group said that in many countries, the rapidly falling price of solar photovoltaic panels now means that utility-scale solar power plants can produce electricity more cheaply than coal, natural gas, and nuclear power. Last year, 76.6 gigawatts of solar power were installed worldwide, and SolarPower Europe said new installations could surpass 80 gigawatts this year, which would bring total global solar energy capacity to nearly 400 gigawatts. That's enough to power more than 100 million homes in developed countries.
Referring to last year's growth in solar energy installations, Christian Westermeier, president of SolarPower Europe, said, “For the first time, solar left behind its renewable energy peer, wind, in terms of annual installations.”
The rapid growth in solar energy is being led by China, which last year installed nearly half of all new solar energy capacity. SolarPower Europe said that given accelerating growth rates, the total amount of solar energy capacity worldwide could approach 1 terawatt — 1,000 gigawatts — in five years.
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. - A Broward Sheriff's Office detention deputy was wearing his uniform when he stole from a Walmart in Coral Springs on two separate occasions, according to an arrest affidavit obtained Wednesday by Local 10 News.
BSO spokeswoman Dani Moschella said Theodore Parrish turned himself on Tuesday afternoon.
According to the report, Parrish stole miscellaneous merchandise worth $176.14 on five days in November and December.
Parrish was seen on surveillance video using the store's self-checkout kiosks, intentionally placing certain items in his shopping cart without paying for them, the report said.
He "acted in a surreptitious manner during each event, looking around and timing his movements," the report said.
In the final two thefts, Parrish was dressed in his BSO uniform, the report said.
Parrish, who has worked for the BSO since March 2000, faces a petit theft charge.
Follow Local 10 News on Twitter @WPLGLocal10
Copyright 2014 by Local10.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
At the booth, the demonstrator asked Haro who would win in a battle: a Gundam or a Zaku? Haro replied with something along the lines of "Gundam would beat Zaku." And if you tell Haro that you want to talk about Char Aznable, you may end up getting to the point where Haro tells you that "Char's custom Zaku is three times faster than a [regular] Zaku" -- a nod to the famous line in the original Gundam series. Better yet, if you dare, Haro can quiz you on your Gundam knowledge. You can also ask Haro for the time and date (smartphone setup via Bluetooth required), but that's as far as non-Gundam conversations go.
Haro is the recurring mascot in the Gundam anime series. Next year, you'll be able to get a lifelike version of it. pic.twitter.com/OCHRIxcgwr — Engadget (@engadget) October 3, 2017
Don't expect Haro to be replacing Siri, Cortana nor Alexa any time soon, because Bandai actually wants this "BN・Bot Project" to be as faithful to the anime version as possible. Even this Haro's cute voice is provided by voice actress Satomi Arai, who played the same character in Mobile Suit Zeta Gundam: A New Translation trilogy and the more recent Mobile Suit Gundam: The Origin movie series. The only thing that's really missing on this Haro is the hovering capability (well, that only seems to work in low gravity in the anime, anyway), but that's unlikely going to stop the hardcore fans from buying one when it launches some time next year for an unknown price.
In 2013, with their demo His Best Deceit, Possession ambushed the underground with their unholy racket of black/death. Iron Bonehead released 666 copies of the tape, and they did not last long. The Belgian quartet then went on to release a single track/two-part concept EP dealing with the so-called demonic possession of the young woman, Anneliese Michel. Next came the EP 1585 – 1646, another conceptual piece in which the band related the story of a French woman captured and tortured by the French Inquisition. As brilliant as it was straight-forward, 1585 – 1646 proved not only that Possession can wail harder than just about any of their contemporaries, but also that they're smarter than your average Satan worshiping black/death band.
And now in the year 2017, Possession have brought us Exorkizein, their long-awaited full length. Upon first blush it's almost like they've unleashed their To Mega Therion—but I don't want to get ahead of myself. Instead we'll let Posssession's drummer, Pz.Kpfw, give us the lowdown on the new record and today's song premiere.
“The introduction of [‘In Vain'] comes from an old TV documentary in which is included the only filmed exorcism that has been [authenticated] by the Vatican,” explains Pz.Kpfw. “Translation of the introduction: ‘In a World where science has made so many progresses and has helped Man so much to understand the mysteries and the secrets inside and outside of him, here comes someone who is saying to me in the clearest language: ‘Yes, the Demon does exist and I have met him.'”
Pz.Kpfw continues: “This song takes part into the concept behind Exorkizein: the life, the work as an Exorcist, and the death of Gabriele Amorth, last known chief Exorcist of the Vatican, who passed away on the 16th of September 2016. We have [imagined] him in this song filled with confidence in his own ability to save a Possessed one. But when he realises that the Demon is the strongest, his only words for the passing victim are ‘Ashes to Ashes and Dust to Dust,' washing his hands of the Death he brings among the crying family of the now dead Possessed victim. Regarding the album, we think that it is a real step ahead for us, without losing our identity, our primal rage and aim to defend the Metal we worship for years and that is performed A.M.S.G. We have faced the trial that was the line-up change that occurred in November 2015 and have been reborn stronger than ever.”
“Hard is the work to fulfill the exorcism ritual, only a few can achieve it, many are done in vain . . .”
Get Exorkizein April 7th from Invictus Productions. While Iron Bonehead will release the album on vinyl.
Big things are expected from James Reimer this season, but he's third in our rankings.
Image courtesy Brendan Hoare.
Earlier this summer, I asked independent goalie scout and hockey writer Justin Goldman (AKA The Goalie Guild) for his take on who was likely to have the best career among James Reimer, Devan Dubnyk and Cory Schneider. He told me he liked all of them, but that at gunpoint he'd go with Cory Schneider. As a Canucks fan I was happy to hear that, but I was unsatisfied by the 140-character limit answer – I needed to know why. So I e-mailed him, and asked if he'd be interested in discussing the matter further with me. What follows is the elaborate answer I was looking for. Today we profile: James Reimer.
James Reimer: what does he do well, and what does he need to work on?
James Reimer is extremely confident in his abilities. He's thick-skinned, and has a lot of faith in himself. Those qualities compensate for his slight lack of mobility. Also, he's well-suited for Francois Allaire's teaching of the “blocking” save. Reimer relies on positioning to make himself big, but obviously isn't the quickest goalie, especially when compared to a guy like Dubnyk or Schneider, it's just not at the same level.
When I'm talking about each goalie's skill set, I'm relating it to just these other two goalies, not to the general pro goaltender. So in comparison to Dubnyk and Schneider, I see Reimer as the least mobile, and the one with the least amount of agility. With Reimer, he's a big goaltender who has to rely more on his size and positioning to make saves, whereas Schneider and Dubnyk – though they're also big goaltenders – possess more quickness and agility.
As for what Reimer needs to work on – rebound control, but that's an element that comes with experience, and he'll improve in that area as he plays more games at the NHL level. Because he's a bit less experienced than Dubnyk and Schneider, he just needs to play more and learn how to read plays better at the NHL level. He still has a lot to learn, but for right now, he's last on that list.
The thing about Reimer is that he jumped right into the fire. It's not like with Schneider where he watched Luongo for a year, then got a chance to be a full blown backup. He was just thrust into the NHL, and didn't have a lot of time to make the transition – and that's a massive step for a goalie to take so suddenly. It is not easy to step into a Maple Leafs jersey, and be counted on to win game after game and put the team in the playoffs. So for what he accomplished, he should be regarded as quite the impressive talent.
Reimer's slow glove-hand – fact, or fiction?
It's a bit of both. It's a bit over-analyzed in Toronto because many analysts pick apart a goalie's games up there to the microscopic level.
Reimer's glove hand may not be the quickest, but having a strong glove hand is more about experience than anything else. It's about getting into more games, and seeing more glove-side shots from NHL shooters. As the season went on, you started to see Reimer make those small adjustments with the positioning of his glove hand – and he got better.
Reimer's big issue with his glove hand is that sometimes he relies on the blocking save selection too much. What makes a blocking save effective knows when to block, and when to rely on reactions. Too many times on shots to the glove side, Reimer wasn't reacting naturally. He was keeping his glove hand back and tight to his body, and just letting the puck hit his hand. He wasn't able to just make the natural, fleet, free-flowing reaction save with his glove hand, instead he was tense, and tight, and reverting into that blocking stance. Instead of trying to actually catch the puck, he was just trying to get his body behind it, letting the puck hit his glove. And too many times, he couldn't control, absorb or stop the shot.
That's how I'd break down Reimer's glove-hand. It wasn't as bad as the press made it out to be, and it'll get better as time goes on. He'll make better decisions in terms of when to be in the blocking stance, and when to just react naturally, let his god-given talent take over and make more fluid reaction glove saves.
Can Reimer sustain last season's performance?
The biggest thing about coming into your sophomore season as a pro goaltender is being able to extend what you did in your rookie season now that teams have scouted you, and now that you have to manage and live up to these higher expectations. And with Reimer, the expectations are extremely high.
Everyone in Leafs Nation, and even fans outside of Toronto, expect that same .924 save percentage. It would be – I don't want to say a miracle – but I would be extremely impressed if he was able to sustain that level of play for 82 games.
There are a lot of different hurdles that a goaltender has to get over in their sophomore season. Scouting is one of them, and durability is another. Can he handle a heavy workload for not just 35 games, but for 80 games? So when you get past the scouting and durability aspects, the last thing is handling the mental pressures that come with high expectations. If Reimer has a couple of bad games, will he be able to bounce back like he did last season? All those different things he was able to accomplish from January to April – he has to find a way to duplicate that success.
When you're talking about the odds of him doing that – I don't think the odds are that high – just because he has to achieve such a high level of success. Whether it's fair or not, Reimer has set the bar extremely high for himself, and although I don't think he's going to be as statistically successful as he was last season, I do think he will improve in many areas of the game.
As a scout, I don't necessarily look at whether or not he made the playoffs, I just look at the development of his game on the ice. I think that overall he'll be a better goaltender by season's end. He will certainly mature as an athlete as well.
Until last season, Reimer hadn't played more than 30 games in 5 years. How does an extreme jump in workload tend to impact a young net-minder?
It can work in two ways. Some goalies rely on being in a rhythm; the more shots that they face, the more comfortable they feel, and the better they play.
That's what you see with a goalie like Tomas Vokoun. The only reason he was able to posta . 920 save percentage and above in Florida is because he's seeing so many shots, he's used to it, and he's been doing it year after year. So for Reimer – knowing that he's not used to playing every game – it's going to be a big task to see how consistent he can be, and how he manages his energy level.
One thing I notice with Reimer is that he's pretty even-keeled with his demeanour; he doesn't get to high, he doesn't get too low, and he's really good at shaking off goals. Last season, he was able to mentally press that reset button after a loss, and he was almost always able to bounce back. His mental toughness is one of the reasons why he was so successful.
Also because he does make a lot of “blocking” saves, I don't think durability will necessarily be as much of an issue as being able to shake off the bad games. The “blocking” save is an economical way to stop the puck. You're not all over the place, you're not flopping around – you're pretty centered in your net. Reimer plays deeper in his crease, and with that wide stance, thrives on that size and his ability to make himself big in the net.
Reimer's personality, religious background and the mental side.
You have to be honest with all goaltenders. I'm sure that Schneider and Dubnyk have faith, and support from their families and somewhat similar backgrounds – but for whatever reason, Reimer seems to be developing this aura about him.
The fans just love who he is, they love his personality, they respond to his smile, they admire his work ethic. Even though most NHL goaltenders have some of these various things about them, just the way that Reimer carries himself both on and off the ice – he's a lovable character and everyone roots for him.
It's almost like he has this little extra padding about him – so if he does struggle, the fans are still going to cheer him on, which is totally different from a goaltender like Roberto Luongo, who lets in one bad goal and everyone starts hating on him. So yes, I think that's definitely a huge advantage for Reimer. It's not like he has to win every single game, he just needs to find a way to be durable, bounce back and find a way to get over these commonplace sophomore hurdles.
His faith and all these things we've learned about him in terms of his personality, that's definitely more important than his skillset. You can teach a goalie certain skills, but you can't teach the type of demeanour he has, and that does set him apart from other goalies.
The “Reimer, Dubnyk or Schneider?” series continues tomorrow at Oilersnation!
Tom Brady got his four-game suspension overturned in federal court on Thursday, meaning he'll be able to play in the Patriots' season opener next week. But the ruling by Judge Richard Berman has bigger ramifications than Brady's return. (Well, maybe not to Patriots fans, but hear me out.)
You might think that the overturned suspension means that a federal judge found that Brady didn't cheat, but that's not really what was up for debate. Rather, Berman's ruling comes down harshly on the way NFL commissioner Roger Goodell handled the Brady case. Berman found that Goodell well overstepped his boundaries by essentially making up a punishment for Brady because he felt like it, and that Goodell stacked the arbitration process so that it would be unfair to Brady.
For years now, Goodell has leaned on the "conduct detrimental" clause of the NFL's collective bargaining agreement to rule on a wide range of things that he thinks are bad for the NFL. Berman's ruling rips this apart.
Here is the crux of Berman's decision, stating the reasons for why he is overturning Brady's suspension:
Points B and C are examples of Goodell failing to provide a fair arbitration process, which might have been enough to overturn the suspension on its own, but what stands out to me is the first point.
Two things I have written in the past few months about this case come to mind. In January, I wrote that the NFL had a punishment for tampering with game equipment, and it wasn't a particularly large one: a fine of $25,000. Instead, Goodell ended up fining the Patriots $1 million, taking two draft picks. And then on top of that, he suspended Brady, even though the NFL's manual prescribes a team punishment rather than a player punishment.
I wrote in May about how Goodell's reasoning for this banked on the "conduct detrimental" clause, a line in the CBA that grants Goodell exclusive authority to punish players for "conduct detrimental to the NFL." Goodell actually said this in court:
Goodell argued: "Mr. Brady had notice, and in fact was fully aware of, the established rule governing the pressure of NFL games [sic] balls ... and [had] ample reason to expect that a violation of that rule ... would be deemed conduct detrimental."
Let's think that through: Goodell was trying to argue that there is a punishment for deflating footballs, but that Brady's participation in violating the rule against deflating footballs could be construed as "conduct detrimental," which could have a larger punishment.
Berman absolutely tears into this line of reasoning.
Goodell's reliance on notice of broad CBA "conduct detrimental" policy -- as opposed to specific Player Policies regarding equipment violations -- to impose discipline upon Brady is legally misplaced.
He finds that the NFL never actually explained what they were punishing Brady for:
During the August 19, 2015 oral argument, it became apparent that no specific determination was made either in the Vincent's Disciplinary Decision Letter or the Goodell Award as to what portion of Brady's discipline was attributable to alleged ball tampering and what discipline was attributable to non-cooperation (and, for that matter, what discipline was attributable to the destruction of Brady's phone):
He finds that Brady should not have expected the NFL to overlook pre-existing standards and synthesize a new punishment:
The Court finds that no player alleged or found to have had a general awareness of the inappropriate ball deflation activities of others or who allegedly schemed with others to let air out of footballs in a championship game and also had not cooperated in an ensuing investigation, reasonably could be on notice that their discipline would (or should) be the same as applied to a player who violated the NFL Policy on Anabolic Steroids and Related Substances.
And he finds that Goodell's decision to do so is bogus:
When it is clear that the arbitrator "must have based his award on some body of thought, or feeling, or policy, or law that is outside the contract" and not incorporated in it by reference ... the arbitrator has failed to draw the award from the essence of the collective bargaining agreement.
Goodell's method of using vague wording to come down on whatever he feels like turns out to be incredibly shoddy from a legal perspective. Goodell has tried using the "conduct detrimental" clause to make the NFL his personal judgment zone. Going forward, it's clear that this is, legally, not going to fly.
San Diego Police Dept. via NBCSanDiego.com Approximately 30 pounds of pot were secured to the undercarriage of a woman's vehicle using magnets. Detectives say she unknowingly transported the drugs across the border.
San Diego narcotics detectives are investigating an incident in which a woman may have unknowingly transported a large quantity of marijuana across the border.
According to investigators, a 33-year-old woman who lives in Mexico and works in downtown San Diego crossed the border in her personal vehicle around 3 a.m. Friday.
Read original report at NBCSanDiego.com
She arrived at work early and was seated inside her car when, at about 4 a.m., two unknown males approached her parked vehicle and began removing items from the undercarriage.
Investigators say the woman startled the men, and they ran to a black sedan nearby and took off.
The woman contacted police officers, who discovered six packages had been secured to the undercarriage of the woman's vehicle with strong magnets.
Inside the packages officers found more around 30 pounds of marijuana.
Investigators believe the woman unknowingly transported the drugs across the border. At this point, it is unclear who actually strapped the marijuana to her car.
No arrests have been made, and police say the investigation is ongoing.
Narcotics detectives want to remind drivers to check their vehicle before crossing the border to ensure it's free of contraband, illegal items or unknown items.
Chinese hookers in Tokyo ride out tense times in wake of Senkaku strife
One result of the raucous and sometimes destructive anti-Japanese demonstrations over the disputed Senkaku chain of islands in the East China Sea that have raged recently across over 100 cities in mainland China (and Hong Kong) is that shops in Tokyo offering the services of Chinese masseuses have seen a sharp drop-off in demand.
“Over the past two weeks, customers have been generally down, but from last weekend, when the TV news began showing violent scenes from the demonstrations, our business plunged,” the manager of a shop featuring gals from the Middle Kingdom who serve up sexual solace tells Nikkan Gendai (Sep. 21). “On September 18 and 19, we got two, maybe three customers. It's the first time we've ever been driven to the wall like this.”
But while this situation may spell hard times for Chinese gals in the skin trade, Japanese males may find that heightened tensions may work to their advantage.
“Rumors have been spreading that Chinese girls have been beaten up by Japanese Johns, and some of them are even begging off on transactions with customers they don't know out of fears for their safety,” says “pink” journalist Yasuhiro Ebina. “Many Chinese women tend to be blunt and unsociable, but of late they are forcing themselves to smile, and have been primping themselves to improve their appearance.
“Before a deri heru (out-call sex) service might have charged an additional 8,000 yen for honban (the “real thing,” i.e., intercourse), but now they've knocked as much as 5,000 yen off the total price,” Ebina adds.
According to the aforementioned shop manager, women from Shanghai tend to be proud and many refuse to dispense oral sex, but over the past week they are now even providing lip service bareback. And some ladies from Dalian or Harbin are even allowing customers condom-free rides.
“When I dropped in to a Chinese massage joint in Shinjuku on the night of September 15, I was surprised,” relates Kazuo Kajiyama, another writer who covers the sex trade. “Usually they charge 8,000 yen for a 40-minute session, but this time everything was half price. And for 4,000 yen you could even go all the way.
“One of the girls there said to me, ‘Business is almost dead, so we dropped our prices,'” Kajiyama adds. “Their financial situation is becoming increasingly difficult, and her eyes were blazing with desperation.
“My advice is, if you patronize one of those places, don't take your eyes off your wallet for even a second.”
The writer of the article suggests that handing the girl a generous tip before she begins to dispense services is likely to be received with great appreciation, and the services that follow will be anything but anti-Japanese. (K.S.)
Source: “Chugokujin fuzokujo funinki de, asobi suki ga ukeru kore dake no meritto,” Nikkan Gendai (Sep. 21, page 7)
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
The virtue of empathy for the suffering of others is regarded as a fundamental part of human love, and a cornerstone of social interconnection and humanism. It is foundational to the highest principles in society and over the past four years it seemed that for a large segment of America, compassion was dead. Republicans thrive on the lack of compassion among bigots, religious extremists, and the self-indulgent, and they diligently cultivated cruelty and hatred from the earliest days of President Obama's first term in office. However, Republicans underestimated the compassion inherent in most Americans and it cost them in the election that saw the epitome of callousness, Willard Romney and Paul Ryan, fail as more Americans chose to support President Obama's concern for all Americans than the greed and contempt promoted by Republicans.
Pundits and political scientists will evaluate the 2012 general election for years to come, and unless they acknowledge that President Obama won a commanding victory over Romney based on his high regard for the American people, they will have missed the most important aspect of the President's victory. Despite what conservatives propagandize and fear monger about this President, it turns out that more Americans trust him to look out for their interests and it is a testament to the character of the American people, because in choosing a leader who champions all Americans, they demonstrated that they, like the President, truly care about America and its people.
Republicans have made it quite clear that they have contempt for all Americans who are not wealthy, and especially the most vulnerable among us. It was nothing short of revolting over the past two years to watch Republicans preach the value of cutting social safety nets that protect children, the poor, and the elderly under the guise of deficit reduction and fiscal responsibility, and to promote the agenda of hate, they offered the people a 20% tax cut as an incentive to push the radical agenda of austerity. However, Americans are not bought off as easy as Republicans attempted to buy the election because the majority of the population believes, as President Obama does, that Americans have a responsibility to take care of each other that the GOP still cannot comprehend.
What Republicans also should have discovered is that Americans struggling in a recovering economy saw through the GOP's plutocracy and fully understand that the President will continue fighting against the treacherous income inequality, lower wages, and social safety net assault the Republican Party has made a mainstay of their agenda. Except for religious extremists, racists, and the wealthy, the majority of Americans did not fall for the Republican lies that to save the economy; the elderly, future retirees, the infirm, children, and the poor had to be cut loose to fend for themselves, and in re-electing President Obama, showed they do not want Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid privatized or eliminated under the guise of deficit reduction and fiscal responsibility. In fact, the avatar of fiscal responsibility is the Social Security Trust that is awash in surplus and has never added one penny to the deficit. The Democrats and President Obama owe it to the American people to seize the initiative and begin debunking the canard that Social Security is an entitlement, and begin calling it what it is; a retirement account fully funded and administered by employee contributions.
In rejecting the Draconian agenda Romney and Ryan proposed, the majority of Americans expressed the compassion President Obama demonstrates in working for all Americans; even the racists and teabaggers who support Republicans. In choosing a leader who protects their interests, the President's supporters showed that not only do they want the President to protect their own interests, they in effect were voting to support all Americans' interest and it is the overwhelming difference between liberals and conservatives, compassion and callousness. It is surprising more Americans cannot see that Republicans were willing to spend nearly a billion dollars to wrest the government from moderate Democrats for the privilege of stealing trillions in Americans retirement accounts to hand over to the wealthiest one percent, and it is the difference between sheer racist hate, and compassion for their fellow citizens; even ignorant bigots who supported the Romney-Ryan ticket.
The character of the majority of Americans shone on election day, and they chose as their champion the man they trust will continue protecting their interests in spite of fierce opposition from Republicans that is not about to abate anytime soon. In choosing President Obama, Americans saw through, and rejected, a twenty-percent tax cut and sent a strong message to Republicans that the American people have always believed that part of being an American is taking care of the least fortunate and vulnerable among us, and for the second time in four years proved the majority of Americans are exceptional and not racists, religious extremists, or wealth-oriented monsters portrayed by Romney, Ryan, Rove, and the Koch Brothers who spent a billion dollars to transform America into the land of the callous.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
Watching Hulu in virtual reality got a lot easier on Wednesday after the company announced its VR app would support the Oculus Rift.
After a delayed 2015 launch, Hulu's VR app for the Samsung Gear VR finally arrived in March. Now the app is available for the much more powerful (and expensive) Oculus Rift, strengthening Hulu's commitment to VR.
Currently, the main function of the app is to show users 2D content within the confines of a virtual cinema environment, but the app also delivers 30 original VR experiences that users can view without a Hulu subscription.
Stream @12MonkeysSyfy from a time machine. The #hulu VR app is now available on Oculus Rift!https://t.co/7wk0zSMyK5 — hulu (@hulu) June 14, 2016
In addition to the existing VR video selection, Hulu has also partnered with Syfy channel producers to offer a special immersive VR experience for the network's 12 Monkeys show on Hulu.com.
Called the "Temporal Facility," it allows fans to virtually visit the fictional time machine featured on the television show. According to Hulu, this is just the first in a slate of show-specific VR experiences that the company plans to bring to the app.
As you can see from the demonstration video (above), the 2D viewing room in the app isn't a particularly stunning VR experience. As the company builds its original VR content library, however, it may be enough to get users accustomed to jacking into Hulu using virtual reality headsets instead of their televisions or tablets.
Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments.
Unassigned ^ ] 0011027
[Dwarf Fortress] Confronted a vampire in adventure mode, legends credits confrontation to random dead historical figure.
Legends Mode -- Historical Figures - 2019-02-26 20:36 0010174
[Dwarf Fortress] Visitors don't sleep in beds in dormitories
Dwarf Mode -- Visitors - 2019-02-26 18:59 0011039
[Dwarf Fortress] Adventure mode crashes
Adventure Mode -- General - 2019-02-25 13:30 0011035
[Dwarf Fortress] Crashes every time during save
Technical -- Saving/Loading - 2019-02-24 11:50 0011038
[Dwarf Fortress] Expelled citizens leave with hauled items, trigger "thief has stolen" announcements
Dwarf Mode -- Expulsion - 2019-02-24 11:47 0011037
[Dwarf Fortress] Masterwork components of assembled instrument credited to assembler, not crafter
Dwarf Mode -- Jobs, Item Improvements/Decorations - 2019-02-24 11:33 0011034
[Dwarf Fortress] App wide keyboard lag (not present in previous versions)
General - 2019-02-19 21:40 0011031
[Dwarf Fortress] Adventur Mode Segmentation Fault Upon Entering Certain Areas
Adventure Mode -- General - 2019-02-18 08:23 0011032
[Dwarf Fortress] Exiting werebeast state crashes the game
Adventure Mode -- General - 2019-02-18 05:12 0011026
[Dwarf Fortress] Invader pathing crash
Dwarf Mode -- Invasions - 2019-02-12 21:30
Resolved ^ ] 0011036
[Dwarf Fortress] Random citizens kill rescued children as soon as they are reunited with relatives.
Adventure Mode -- AI - 2019-02-24 11:51 0011033
[Dwarf Fortress] Books get destroyed somehow despite a lack of possible causes.
Items - 2019-02-19 16:22 0010253
[Dwarf Fortress] Reproducible crash; zero-size flesh ball
Miscellaneous Crashes - 2019-02-16 09:10 0008610
[Dwarf Fortress] Wagons catch fire when crossing bridge over lava.
Dwarf Mode -- Environment - 2019-02-15 09:36 0010061
[Dwarf Fortress] This save is seconds away from crashing DF
Technical -- General - 2019-02-12 12:32 0011018
[Dwarf Fortress] Blind Cave Ogre walks the fortress and no one cares
Animal Populations - 2019-02-02 09:48 0011010
[Dwarf Fortress] Speakers introduce themselves as [SPEAKER:TRANS_NAME]
Adventure Mode -- Conversation - 2019-01-27 15:27 0010996
[Dwarf Fortress] Unmarking a bin for trading marked every other item in fortress for trading
Dwarf Mode -- Interface, Trade - 2019-01-19 08:11 0010997
[Dwarf Fortress] crash attempting to view units with "v" while paused
Dwarf Mode -- Interface, General - 2019-01-18 23:43 0011002
[Dwarf Fortress] Multiplying companions
Adventure Mode -- General - 2019-01-18 23:29
President Rodrigo Duterte could have an unlikely opposition leader in the Philippines' legislature: one of his own ministers.
Philippine Vice President Leni Robredo told local news outlets on Monday that she was ready to head up a new opposition party. Her comments came a day after she resigned as housing secretary, a position she was appointed to in July by Duterte himself; vice presidents are allowed to take on concurrent posts in cabinet if the president chooses, according to the constitution.
"I will continue to fight against things I do not believe in. If being an opposition leader entails that, then I will be an opposition leader," local media quoted Robredo as saying on Monday.
The 52-year-old's Liberal Party is currently allied with Duterte's PDP-Laban party in congress. But if the Liberal Party left the alliance, it could become an official opposition party, with Robredo at the helm, politician Teddy Baguilat said, according to local news.
Unlike other democracies, candidates for the presidency or vice presidency in the Philippines are elected separately so it's possible for the people in the roles to come from different parties.
The Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department isn't very good at filling public records requests, but they've got a serious knack for infuriating reporters.
MuckRock user and host of “The Vanished” podcast Marissa Jones has been trying to obtain information about a missing person named Chris Turner from the LVMPD since July 26, 2017, and requested help from the MuckRock staff after weeks without hearing from the LVMPD.
Jones says that Turner's case was closed three days after the first part of a two episode series on Turner aired.
According to Turner's mom, who was interviewed extensively by Jones, the police never made contact with Turner before closing his case. In a message sent to a podcast listener by the LVMPD and then forwarded to Marissa on July 20th, the police insisted that they had made contact with Turner, but the way the message was written seemed to express uncertainty about whether or not Turner was alive:
“Our case for Mr. Turner is closed. He was sighted/located, so one could say he's alive.”
The message doesn't say that he was sighted by anyone affiliated with the police, or related to Turner. Also, the phrase “one could say he's alive” is a rather odd way to word it if they are in fact certain that Turner is alive. The message went on:
“We cannot release information to someone not involved in a report, and beyond that adults can lead their own lives, even though there are people who are concerned about them, but they tend to be out of touch with people who would like to hear from them.”
However, according to a “Law Enforcement Support Technician” at the LVMPD who only gave her name as Diana, one can obtain this information with the right paperwork - assuming you were able to get notarized authorization from the missing person. Seeing as you would need to find a missing person in order to obtain their permission, it is by definition categorically impossible to get a signature from a missing person.
Diana's statement was contradicted by a November 2nd email Marissa received from Officer Larry Hadfield, who told her that “due to the fact that you are not identified as media, you must go through police records as any citizen would,” giving the impression that, contrary to information provided by other LVMPD employees, the information is available so long as one goes through certain (apparently ever-changing) channels.
It should be noted that under Nevada's public records law, citizens have the same rights as reporters, except in instances in which one is trying to obtain a person's criminal history. Neither Jones nor Muckrock is trying to obtain Turner's criminal history, however, we are trying to obtain the case file related to his disappearance.
According to Jone's interview with Turner's mother, his girlfriend reported Turner missing to the LVMPD on August 7th, 2016, but the family didn't know until she told them on August 17th,. While it's understandable that the police might withhold information about an ongoing investigation, it seems strange that they wouldn't bother to contact any family members to make sure he wasn't simply angry at his girlfriend and cooling off with a relative.
Turner's mom says that the police didn't start taking Turner's disappearance seriously until six or seven months after the missing person report was first filed. According to her, the police initially dismissed it as a young man out partying and incommunicado, until she made a trip to Las Vegas and spoke to a Detective Bardot and a Sargent Burns. Up until that point, she'd had trouble getting updates on her son's case when she called the department. She said she had to prove to police that Turner wasn't the type of guy to go “off the map.”
Turner's mom also said that in one of her conversations with Burns, he said he was investigating an angle that had something to do with the sex industry, but declined to elaborate further.
Obtaining Turner's casefile could make clear if Turner's mother's assertion that the LVMPD didn't begin investigating in earnest until he'd been missing for months is true, and whether or not Turner's disappearance had anything to do with the local “sex industry” as Burns allegedly said.
Calling the LVMPD quickly proved to be an exercise in futility, as calls were passed from one department, to another, and back to the original department, then straight up ignored.
The first of many phone calls to the LVMPD ended up being little more than a game of switchboard roulette - we called the PIO, where Officer Larry Hadfield said that he was the officer assigned to the records request, but he couldn't help us and didn't understand why we kept calling him.
We explained that we were calling him because we'd submitted the request to his office, and seeing as he was the officer assigned to this exact request, we were quite certain he could help us. He assured us that he most definitely could not assist us, and transferred us to the records department.
They somehow managed to be even less helpful, and referred us back to the PIO again. The woman who answered the phone said the officer assigned to the request - with whom I'd spoken previously - was out of the office but would be back in a couple of hours.
Surprisingly, it managed to get worse.
Upon calling the records department this week, we were informed that only a police officer or someone with “special authorization” was allowed to obtain public records from the police department. I assured her that she was wrong. After going back and forth a couple of times with her insisting that public records were only public for the police, and me trying in vain to convince her that her interpretation of the law was not, in the strictest terms, accurate, she transferred me to her supervisor.
Her supervisor admitted that while they do accept public records requests (progress!), but never ever EVER by email. A quick search of past requests submitted to the LVMPD showed that's clearly untrue, as can be plainly see in this response to MuckRock user Waqas Mirza:
More recent requests have gone unacknowledged, or have only been acknowledged thanks to requesters and staff following up relentlessly. It's not clear why Las Vegas has pivoted toward opaqueness after having had a decent record of filling requests in a timely fashion, but whatever the reason, it's become very difficult to get even an acknowledgment of a request, never mind the actual documents responsive to the request. The LVMPD's commitment to obfuscation in Turner's case raises the question of whether his case really was handled as incompetently as Jones' podcast would lead one to believe, making them determined to keep it private. That seems much more likely than a sudden and inexplicable hostility to public records requests.
But we won't know until we have Turner's case file.
Image via LVMPD
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption David Cameron: "What I see does look very much like a war crime is being committed"
UK PM David Cameron has expressed concern that international action in Syria may be being held back because of fears of a repeat of the Iraq war.
It follows evidence from the US and the UK that Syrian government troops may have used chemical weapons.
Mr Cameron said world leaders must look at Syria and "ask ourselves what more we can do."
Meanwhile, US President Barack Obama said proof the weapons had been used on civilians would be "a game changer".
The US president has pledged a "vigorous investigation" after US intelligence found Syria may have used the nerve agent sarin.
Mr Obama had said previously that chemical weapons use would cross a "red line" and provoke a major American response.
The UK government has also said it has "limited, but growing" evidence of the use of chemical weapons in the conflict.
Syrian officials have denounced the allegations as "lies".
'Proper processes'
Mr Cameron told the BBC he worried Western leaders might fail to act in Syria because of the experience of foreign intervention in Iraq.
Analysis The US, Britain, Israel and others have been collecting evidence to try and determine whether chemical weapons have been used in Syria. The signs so far are that they have been, but politicians are being cautious of over-selling their level of certainty. This is partly because of the lesson of Iraq, when too much was based on too little hard information and all the caveats and cautions surrounding intelligence were lost. And also partly because this time the political context is different. With Iraq a decision had been made to go to war and the intelligence was brought into the public domain to make the case for it. This time political leaders - especially in Washington - seem much more reluctant to intervene and so the emphasis is precisely on the caveats and cautions. Given the problems of getting access to a warzone to gain conclusive evidence, finding absolutely definitive evidence may be hard and take time. This may buy politicians in Washington and London time to work out what they do if something is found.
But he insisted lessons about acting on intelligence reports had been learned.
Speaking to the BBC's political editor Nick Robinson, Mr Cameron said: "I choose my words carefully, but what I see does look very much like a war crime is being committed in our world, at this time, by the Syrian government."
The prime minister then addressed concerns about the quality of the UK's intelligence and fears that unreliable evidence could again be used as a justification for the West to become involved in a Middle Eastern conflict.
He said: "I would want to reassure people and say the lessons of Iraq have been learned.
"There are proper processes in place to try and make sure that what people say is properly backed up by the information.
"If anything, I would argue that because people are so worried about what happened in Iraq, it's actually quite important now to come forward - as the Americans have done and I think [US President] Barack Obama has done it in a very clear and measured way."
Mr Obama warned in December that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad would face "consequences" if he used chemical weapons.
Mr Cameron has said he agrees with the White House's warning that chemical weapons use would be a "red line", although he has ruled out sending British troops into action and has spoken instead of support for rebel forces.
However, former Liberal Democrat leader Sir Menzies Campbell has criticised what he called "red line diplomacy".
Sir Menzies said on the BBC's Any Questions that the Syria situation was "a very good argument against so-called red line diplomacy".
What is Sarin? One of a group of nerve gas agents invented by German scientists as part of Hitler's preparations for World War II
Huge secret stockpiles built up by superpowers during Cold War
20 times more deadly than cyanide: A drop the size of a pin-head can kill a person
Called "the poor man's atomic bomb" due to large number of people that can be killed by a small amount
Kills by crippling the nervous system through blocking the action of an enzyme that removes acetylcholine - a chemical that transmits signals down the nervous system
Can only be manufactured in a laboratory, but does not require very sophisticated equipment
Very dangerous to manufacture. Contains four main ingredients, including phosphorus trichloride Syria's chemical weapons stockpile How to investigate allegations
"It encourages your adversary to go as close to the red line as he can possibly manage... and you are prejudging the circumstances which might be months or even years down the line."
Libya
Asked directly if he was concerned the invasion of Iraq in 2003, which toppled Saddam Hussein, was having an impact on the way in which Western leaders were dealing with the conflict in Syria, Mr Cameron said: "I do worry about that."
"Let me absolutely clear, I think the Iraq lesson must be about how we marshal and use information and intelligence and I think that lesson has been learnt - but I think it is very important for politicians and leaders of this generation to look at what is happening in Syria and ask ourselves what more we can do."
He said that before any action was taken in Syria it was necessary to ensure you could "achieve the result you want".
"The reason we could act in Libya was because we had an opportunity, if we acted quickly, to stop a dictator in his tracks. We could do that. It is very important that the ability is there and we have to think about that carefully."
On Friday, the White House insisted there was no timeline on how long it would take to corroborate the evidence on the use of chemical weapons and admitted that the case was "not airtight".
But spokesman Jay Carney repeated that all options remained on the table.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Times journalist Anthony Loyd visited victims of a suspected chemical attack in hospital
Earlier on Friday, Syrian official Sharif Shehadeh told the Associated Press the US allegations of chemical weapons use were "lies".
Syria's Deputy Foreign Minister Faisal Mekdad also dismissed the accusations in an interview with Reuters.
Syria's government and rebels have accused each other of using chemical weapons. A UN team is trying to enter Syria to investigate.
Interview with Justin Sun, founder of TRON ($TRX)
Crypto Rand Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 20, 2017
This time I had the pleasure to interview Justin Sun. Founder of TRON and chosen by Forbes Asia for the 30 under 30 list.
You can buy TRON at Binance.
How would you describe the main pillars of the project?
For TRON, I think it includes 3 pillars, technical team, supporters' community and market.
Now we have a really good technical team which leads by Lucien Chen. Lucien served in many first-tier Internet companies, such as Netease (NASDAQ: NTES) youdao, Tencent(00700.HK), Qihoo 360(NASDAQ:QIHU) and SM search (Alibaba P8 +). He has rich experience in big data, advertising algorithms, DMP system, BT system, CTR platform, high concurrent system framework design and cryptography. In the near future, we will involve more excellent developers from the USA, Russia, South Korea and other countries.
For supporters' community, the number of holders of TRX is over 300,000, we have a strong supporters' community from all over the world, including the USA, Australia, South Korea, Germany, Russia, Switzerland, Netherland, Belgium, Greece, Singapore, Hong Kong, China etc.
For the market, online entertainment is a huge market with more than 1 trillion USD. I have worked in blockchain and online entertainment fields both, I really know that online entertainment needs blockchain technology to provide more safe, transparent, effective, cross-platform to make the users' experience better.
2. What's the role of the tokens in the Tron project?
TRON protocol is the blockchain entertainment content ecosystem, in which TRX, TRON's token, is circulated. Its native economic system enables an unprecedented one-on-one interaction between providers of digital entertainment content and ordinary users. Therefore, content providers will no longer need to pay high channel fees to centralized platforms like Google Play and Apple's Appstore. Also, providers of content such as texts, pictures, videos, and broadcasts, will break the curse that popularity and hits cannot make profits. With the strengths of social network and value network, TRON is committed to ecological prosperity. In relation to any community and free market economy, an incentive system that fairly and reasonably reflects the contributions made by participants is fundamental. TRON will attempt to accurately and transparently measure and motivate relevant participants and contributors using digital assets for the first time, thus enabling this content ecosystem with TRX.
3. For now, TRX is listed on LIqui and HitBTC, are Bithumb, Bittrex or Poloniex on the horizon?
Now TRX is listed on Liqui, HitBTC, Binance Gatecoin and EtherDelta, in the near future, TRX will be listed on most of the major exchanges. The team is working hard on getting on bigger exchanges.
4. About the team and supporters, what are your strengths?
I am the former Chief Representative of Ripple in Greater China and also the CEO of leading audio content community with more than 10 million users — Peiwo APP. I know the things about blockchain and online entertainment.
Lucien Chen is very professional and has lots of experiences with big data and cryptography with longtime Tencent and Alibaba experience.
Besides, we have lots of partners and investors like BITMAIN, Qtum, FBG Capital, Bixin and Peiwo APP. They can provide technical, fund, and application scene support to TRON. It will make a big difference.
5. Thinking about the future, do you have any roadmap for relevant upgrades?
Yes. The roadmap is on the official website, there are six stages, Exodus, Odyssey, Great Voyage, Apollo Star, Trek, Eternity. For now, we plan to make Peiwo APP compatible with TRX and complete the development of our own main chain. After the own main chain is done, we will optimize the network based different kinds of online entertainments applications.
6. What's the added value of Tron in comparison with other competitors?
It will be applied to the entertainment field, the value of per token is very promising. Here are the four advantages:
Data liberation: on a free and uncontrolled basis, the contents including characters, pictures, audios and videos may be unloaded, stored and spread.
Content enabling: digital assets are obtained through the provision and spread of contents, thus economically stimulating the enabling of content ecology.
Personal fundraising: an individual may freely distribute digital assets in the form of fundraising, while others may enjoy the benefits and services brought due to the continuous development of data contributors by purchasing digital assets.
Infrastructure: with distributed digital assets will be supported with a complete set of decentralized infrastructures, including distributed exchange, autonomous gaming, forecast, and game system.
7. Valuation of the current scenario for Tron and the digital entertainment industry.
The market cap of TRON now is just $134,968,961, and the market value of online entertainment is over 10 trillion USD.
Residential electric bills in Chicago will increase roughly 14 to 18 percent in June under a new deal the city has struck with its power supplier, Integrys Energy Services.
That follows an increase in January thanks to higher delivery charges by Commonwealth Edison Co.
But, despite the significant increase to come, the city predicts customers will continue to save modestly over the even-higher power supply rates they expect ComEd to charge beginning in June. Electric bills are divided between charges for delivery, which is handled by ComEd, and supply, which can be done by ComEd or other companies.
The city struck its new deal last week with Chicago-based Integrys, which currently provides electricity to 720,000 Chicago households and small businesses. Rates will rise about 14 percent for units in multifamily buildings and 18 percent for single-family homes. The pact runs through May 2015.
Under the new deal, Chicagoans' electric bills will change in important ways. Integrys has committed to a fixed energy price of 5.3 cents per kilowatt-hour. But, unlike its current price in Chicago of 5.59 cents, the new per-kilowatt-hour rate won't include the cost of guaranteeing that electricity will be available from power plants during the highest-demand periods of the year nor the cost of transporting the juice over high-voltage lines from the power plants to ComEd's local distribution grid.
Those extra costs, which all customers throughout the regional grid including ComEd's territory must pay, are increasing significantly beginning in June. Under the new deal, Integrys will impose a fixed monthly charge on customers regardless of how much electricity they consume. Single-family households will pay $22.36 per month while units in multifamily buildings will pay $9.06.
The effective energy price (which does not include ComEd's delivery charges) for apartment and condo dwellers should be about 7 cents per kilowatt-hour and 7.4 cents or so for single-family households, a city official said. That's a 25 percent to 32 percent increase on the energy portion of the bill over current costs.
The city forecasts that ComEd's effective price will be around 7.7 cents when it resets in June. The Illinois Power Agency, a state agency that buys power on behalf of utility customers, plans soon to solicit bids to set that price, which will be announced in April or May. ComEd's current price is 6.02 cents.
ComEd's charge to deliver power, which makes up the rest of electric bills and is paid by all in the Chicago area regardless of whether they buy their power from ComEd or an outside supplier, increased by $340 million beginning in January, adding $5.50 per month to the average household's bill.
SMALL HOUSEHOLDS VERSUS LARGER ONES
The new fixed charges are the city's way of keeping small users' electric bills from soaring, which would have happened without the new pricing structure. That's because ComEd allocates the cost of paying for power-plant capacity on a per-household basis rather than by how much each household uses. ComEd's method has the effect of charging small households more than larger ones for the power they consume.
The city estimates the new pact will save the average Chicago household $34 on their electric bill over the year beginning in June, for a total savings of $24 million. But that's something of a guess because ComEd's price hasn't been set yet.
"By buying electricity in bulk, we have delivered $32 million in electricity bill savings to Chicago's residents and small businesses since February 2013,” Mayor Rahm Emanuel said in a statement. “This is real money back in the pockets of Chicagoans, and this program will continue to save money over the next 12 months.”
Those savings are not nearly as much as they were a year ago, when Chicagoans first were switched from ComEd to Integrys under the largest such municipal contract ever done in the U.S. But many municipalities around the area, most of which left ComEd for cheaper suppliers in recent years, will find savings harder to come by beginning in the second half of this year. That's because ComEd had been locked into higher-than-market contracts that have since expired.
Under the new deal, if the average household's rates turn out to be higher than ComEd's, Integrys will have to match the price or send its customers back to the utility.
Like the previous deal, the new contract won't include power from coal-fired sources. In addition, 5 percent of the power will come from Illinois wind farms.
CLOSE Here's a breakdown of the stories right now at www.democratandchronicle.com. Virginia Butler
Buy Photo File photo: crime scene (Photo: TINA MACINTYRE-YEE / @tyee23/FILE PHOTO)Buy Photo
A Rochester police officer illegally arrested a woman who'd complained that the police were wrongly attaching a crime scene tape to her house after she reported a stabbing at a neighbor's home, a federal magistrate judge has decided.
The officer, Gregory Vasile, did not have legal reason to arrest Miriam McKnight in a July 2010 confrontation, U.S. Magistrate Judge Marian Payson ruled last week.
Also, Payson ruled, Vasile's provided varying statements about his encounter with McKnight. The woman's cellphone captured audio of the confrontation, which lasted all of 13 seconds before Vasile decided to arrest her. That recording "undercuts (Vasile's) suggestion that McKnight was actually interfering with Vasile's ability to secure the crime scene," Payson wrote.
"During those 13 seconds, Vasile never issued McKnight any orders that she failed to obey or warned her that her behavior could result in arrest," Payson wrote.
Payson has asked attorneys for legal papers to be filed in the next month about the possible damage amount due McKnight.
The July 3, 2010, episode started after McKnight called police after she heard of a possible stabbing in the driveway of the house of a neighbor, where a raucous party was underway. When the police arrived, she went outside, turning on the voice recorder on her cellphone.
Vasile and Sgt. Michael Nicholls were among the first officers to respond to what Vasile described as a "noisy" and "chaotic" scene with between 15 and 20 people outside two homes on Pierpont Street in northwest Rochester.
Nicholls called for more help because of the "volatile" situation, and an ambulance arrived for the stabbing victim.
Vasile began to stretch crime scene tape at the scene and was tying it to McKnight's porch when McKnight approached him, telling him that the "crime didn't happen here." In testimony before Payson, Vasile said the crime scene was next to McKnight's home and her porch allowed for a safe space to be cordoned off.
The audiotape of the interaction shows that McKnight several times told Vasile that her house was not the location of the stabbing and "this (tape) is not gonna stay here all night."
NEWSLETTERS Get the ROC60 newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Rochester in 60 seconds: Get all the news you need to know in less than a minute. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-790-9565. Delivery: Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for ROC60 Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Vasile then ordered McKnight to turn around and "put your hands behind your back."
"I've had enough of this (expletive)," he said.
A struggle ensued between the two and Nicholls intervened, also trying to contain McKnight, who slipped away. He subdued her by pepper-spraying her.
Police charged McKnight with resisting arrest and obstruction of governmental administration. She agreed to what is known as an "adjournment in contemplation of dismissal," or ACD, and the charges were dismissed six months afterward. An ACD is dismissed if the accused commits no criminal acts during the six-month stretch.
In testimony before Payson, McKnight said she had suffered emotional injuries because of the arrest, and was now distrustful of others and was a social introvert. The confrontation led to cuts on her arms that left scars, she said.
In his reports and testimony, Vasile said he told McKnight that she was under arrest, but the audio contradicted the account. Vasile did not have legal cause to decide McKnight was interfering with his duties, Payson ruled.
"While Vasile's interest in defusing that (crime scene) volatility and securing the scene was appropriate, his actions toward the civilians at the scene — be they suspect, witnesses or bystanders — were still required to be bounded by the law and the Constitution," Payson wrote.
Payson ruled in favor of McKnight on claims of false arrest, false imprisonment and battery.
Payson ruled that Nicholls, who also was sued, did not act inappropriately because when he intervened, he likely believed that Vasile was conducting a legal arrest of McKnight.
GCRAIG@Gannett.com
Read or Share this story: http://on.rocne.ws/2nUoXP7
A TV REPORTER was arrested after he allegedly defecated on the front lawn near the subject of his story's home.
Jonathan Lowe, a reporter with KPHO, was arrested on Monday after a neighbour picking up his newspaper saw the 33-year-old leaning against a house and pooing.
Police say Lowe admitted to relieving himself in the front yard.
“I know what you want to talk to me about. I've been feeling very sick and I've been stuck in this van all day,” he said, according to the report.
“Those people who called on me just wanted to start problems.”
The woman who dobbed him in said she would have been happy for the reporter to use her toilet if he had knocked on her door.
While KPHO said on Wednesday that Lowe was still employed there the station referred to him as a “former employee” on Thursday.
Lowe was arrested for public defecation, and now faces a fine of $2500 or six months in jail.
The Portuguese was withdrawn by Zinedine Zidane in the 72nd minute and made no effort to hide his disappointment, with Las Palmas going on to claim a draw.
No player is bigger than a club like Real Madrid – and that includes Cristiano Ronaldo. The Portuguese forward was surprisingly substituted by coach Zinedine Zidane at Las Palmas and muttered to himself in annoyance as he trudged off the pitch. But he needs to understand that the team comes first.
Ronaldo had helped to set up Madrid's second goal and what looked like the winner for Karim Benzema against the Canary Islanders, but was brought off moments later. The 31-year-old seemed anything but amused as he walked past his coach.
Zidane, who had earlier sent on Benzema in an inspired change which resulted in the vital breakthrough, was then perhaps left to rue taking off Ronaldo when Sergio Araujo came up with a late leveler as the fixture finished 2-2.
However, his decision was understandable. Ronaldo remains a long way from full fitness and with a Champions League clash away to Dortmund coming up on Tuesday, the Frenchman was keen to give his famous forward a rest.
Cristiano had once again appeared off the pace for much of the match – just as he had in the 1-1 draw at home to Villarreal on Wednesday night at the Santiago Bernabeu. Back from the injury that saw him sidelined in the final of Euro 2016 and out for the season's start, he is still some way short of his peak physical condition.
"We have a game on Tuesday and we have to give him a rest sometimes," Zidane said after the match. "He was playing well, I have to choose, and I was thinking about Tuesday."
Asked about Ronaldo's reaction, he added: "Of course he always wants to stay on the pitch, but I have to think of my players and particularly about Cristiano. We have a game on Tuesday and he has to rest sometimes. This doesn't change anything."
REPORT: Poor finishing costs Real Madrid in Las Palmas
It should not. Ronaldo, like Lionel Messi, is keen to play every minute of every game – but he has to realize that on occasions a rest is necessary. And given that he has just returned from a long-term injury, it would also be unwise to overdo it at this stage.
Ultra-competitive until the end, the Portuguese will have wanted to stay on for the full 90 minutes. And, in hindsight, he may have been useful in the dying minutes as Madrid ended up with just a point for the second time in four days as the club's lead in La Liga was cut to a single point.
When his anger dies down, though, he will do well to understand that his coach is only trying to protect him and preserve the best interests of Real Madrid. And that is more important than one man playing every minute of every game.
About Us
Here at wtcc2105.com we are looking at everything about the World Team Chess Championships in 2015. Held in Armenia, this was a tournament that was home to lots of excitement and exquisite playing. The World Team Chess Championships are held every two years and participation is only eligible to the 10 countries whose chess federation dominate their continent.
The chance to participate in this tournament is relished by every country who qualifies. Run by FIDE, the top name in chess, the tournament originally began in 1985 – thus the 2015 tournament marked the 30th anniversary of the competition. This was definitely a competition that celebrated the best chess in the world.
The World Team Chess Championships
This is an international team event that only 10 teams can participate in. Although it isn't held every year, it is held every two years and is deemed as one of the most important international tournaments for teams, along with the Chess Olympiads.
This is a competition in which only the strongest teams in the world can participate, so just the fact that a team is invited to play gives the team a certain kudos. A full round is played by all the teams – meaning that every team must play every other team. When the tournament first started in 1985, the teams each consisted of 6 players. However, now, only 4 players are permitted, although you can use reserve players if necessary.
Originally, the tournament was only held every 4 years, however, due to its growing popularity, in 2011 it changed to every 2 years. As well as this, in 2007, a separate championship for women's teams was founded and this is also held every 2 years.
This was a year that also saw the point structure altered – with the final scores changing to be dependent on the team results. Before that it was the individual scores that determined the team's rankings. Since its beginnings, there have been many changes to the structure of the tournament and the way the tournament is held.
The 2015 Championships
The 2015 World Team Chess Championships was organised by the Armenian Chess Federations with the backing of FIDE. It took place between 18 – 29 April in the Golden Palace Tsakhkadzor Hotel in Tsakhkadzor, Armenia.
As per qualification rules, the ten countries that were invited to participate in the championships were: Russia, China, Hungary, India, USA, Egypt, Ukraine, Armenia, Cuba and Israel. It was held in accordance to the Handbook and Laws of Chess of FIDE. It was played using a nine-round, round robin system, with the colours and starting numbers being drawn in the opening ceremony. There was also a standard time control for the event which was 90 minutes for 40 moves plus 30 minutes to end. As well as this there was an additional 30 seconds additional time per move which started at the first move.
Each team was made up of four players plus one reserve and the captain. Each team was then provided with full hospitality at the hotel including lodgings.
The matches were scored by match points as used in the FIDE Olympiad. The winner of the match would be awarded 2 points, a draw would be awarded 1 point and a loss would be rewarded with 0 points. The top three teams were awarded with trophies and their players would be awarded with medals.
The Results
After some very tense, exciting and close matches, the results were as follows:
China Ukraine Armenia Russia USA Hungary Israel Cuba India Egypt
So, the trophies were awarded to the teams of China, Ukraine and Armenia.
The Chinese team that came out on top consisted of some of the very best players in the world. The players that led their team to success were:
Ding Liren
Yu Yangyi
Bu Xiangzhi
Wei Yi
Wang Chen
How it Happened
Round 1: The tournament started with a focus on the matches between Ukraine v Russia and Israel v Armenia. With Ukraine's Pavel Eljanov beating Russia's Evgeny Tomashevsy and Israeli Maxim Rodshtein beating the Armenian Vladimir Akopian these teams were off to a great start. China got off to a good start also, taking victory over the USA and this was followed by the Indian team beating the Egyptian team. The only draw was between Hungary and Cuba.
Round 2: Saw the Russian team have another stumble with a loss against Cuba. Armenia took victory over Ukraine but the other games between Hungary and China, India and USA, Egypt and Israel all saw a draw.
Round 3: Cuba shone with another victory over Armenia. The Ukraine team gathered pace again, beating Egypt, and Israel beat India quite comfortably. Hungary managed to beat USA meanwhile China v Russia ended in a draw. At this point, Cuba and Israel were in the lead.
Round 4: Midway through the competition saw China take a comfortable victory over Armenia. In another great win, Egypt was beaten by Cuba and India won against Hungary. Ukraine had another good round when they beat Israel. The only draw in this round was between Russian and USA. Another good round saw Cuba stay at the top.
Round 5: Saw the teams continue with their matches with the top teams continue to gather pace with China taking victory, Armenia taking a solid win, Ukraine having another strong win and Russia getting into the competition. This was Cuba's first real stumble.
Round 6: Starter off with China and Cuba at the top. Cuba suffered another stumble and lost at the hands of Ukraine. China did well and won well over Israel. Russia had another victory, this time over Israel and USA confidently beat Egypt.
Round 7: Cuba struggled with another loss against India. The match between Ukraine and China was as tight as chasing jackpot in slot games and the round ended up in a draw. USA took a comfortable victory over Israel and Hungary enjoyed a win over Egypt. Russia struggled in this round and lost against Armenia.
Round 8: This saw Armenia, Russia, USA and China celebrate success over India, Egypt, Ukraine and Cuba respectively. Israel and Hungary ended with a draw.
Despite highs and lows form all countries, and a surprisingly good competition from Cuba, eventually consistency and technique saw China come out on top.
Calls Same-Sex Marriage 'Notorious Homosexual Relationship Gravely Contrary to the Natural Law'
Gay Madison, Wisconsin Catholics in same-sex relationships may be banned from having a church funeral. A recent memo tells priests how to handle requests for Catholic burial rites if "a person in a homosexual civil union (thereby in a public union gravely contrary to the natural law) or in an otherwise notorious homosexual relationship gravely contrary to the natural law dies."
Presumably the "otherwise notorious homosexual relationship gravely contrary to the natural law" is also known as a legal marriage.
The memo goes on to explain that the real "issue" is not that the deceased was gay or presumably in a loving, monogamous, possibly life-long union that may have been a legal marriage, but that by allowing the deceased to be given Catholic funeral rites might lead others to "weaken" into thinking that married gay people are acceptable.
"The main issue centers around scandal and confusion (leading others into the occasion of sin or confusing or weakening people regarding the teachings of the Catholic Church in regards to sacred doctrine and the natural law), and thereby the pastoral task is to minimize the risk of scandal and confusion to others amidst the solicitude for the deceased and family."
The word "scandal" is mentioned six times.
It goes on to ask these questions:
Was the deceased or the "partner" a promoter of the "gay" lifestyle? What is the attitude of the deceased's family members, especially towards the Church?
Did the deceased give some signs of repentance before death?
It even directs the Church to ban the mere mention of the deceased's husband or wife.
"Any surviving 'partner' [note the scare quotes] should not have any public or prominent role at any ecclesiastical funeral rite or service."
The memo, published by the Pray Tell blog on Sunday was issued by James Bartylla, the vicar general of the Diocese of Madison. Bishop Robert Morlino is that diocese's bishop.
"In a statement," HuffPost reports, "the diocese's communications director Brent King told HuffPost that the communication published on the Pray Tell blog is 'not an official diocesan policy.' However, he said 'it does conform with the mind of the bishop and meet his approval.'"
While the email is not official church policy, Bishop Robert C. Morlino's approval is a reflection of the hardened stance that some U.S. bishops are taking against American Catholics' growing acceptance of queer love and relationships.
LGBT faith leaders are outraged.
"This document is the very antithesis of pastoral care," Marianne Duddy-Burke, executive director of DignityUSA, said in a statement to HuffPost. "It shows that this bishop believes that lesbian and gay people who have lived a deep commitment to a spouse or partner should be demeaned even in death. Our families could be refused the sacraments of our faith at the moment of their greatest grief. This is heartless. It is cruel. It is unchristian in the extreme."
Earlier this year Illinois Bishop Thomas Paprocki decreed anyone in a same-sex marriage will be banned from being given a Catholic funeral unless before death they denounce their marriage. In other words, Paprocki forces gay Catholics to choose between their soul mates and their souls.
To comment on this article and other NCRM content, visit our Facebook page.
Image by Rachel Titiriga via Flickr and a CC license
If you find NCRM valuable, would you please consider making a donation to support our independent journalism?
See a mistake? Email corrections to: [email protected]
A reduction in the number of interchanges is set to be among the topics discussed when the NRL's competition committee considers what the game may look like in 10 years' time, but there will be no immediate change to the replacement rule at Tuesday's meeting.
The committee, which includes Wayne Bennett, Tim Sheens and Darren Lockyer, will receive a detailed presentation on how the game has changed since 2004 and what changes may occur in the next decade, before looking at ways to improve the competition in 2015.
"Interchange won't change next year. But certainly we will start shaping some of our thoughts for the future": NRL head of football Todd Greenberg. Credit:Damian Bennett
However, much of the debate is expected to revolve around longer-term issues, with calls to reduce the number of interchanges from 10 to eight, and even six, expected to be considered at the two-day meeting.
"The competition committee historically has looked at issues in the game in its most immediate sense. But tomorrow's session is very much with a bigger horizon, looking at a 10-year view of the game and challenging the competition committee to think broadly about what we want the game to evolve into," NRL head of football Todd Greenberg said.
“The average ticket price at theaters in the U.S. last year rose to an all-time annual high of $7.89, up 5% from $7.50 in 2009, according to the National Assn. of Theatre Owners. In the fourth quarter, the average price was $8.01, up 5% from the year-ago period.”
Gen
Lt. Col.
NATO (not the military alliance) has finally confirmed what we've known all along. Movie tickets are more expensive than ever.The Los Angeles Times reports:NATO factored in ticket prices throughout America, including matinee and children's prices, which explains why the new average price is roughly $143.22 less than what we pay in NYC.One reason for the jump in prices? 3-D. NATO spokesman. Patrick Corcoran tells the LA Times that 3-D films can add “$2.50 to $4 to the ticket prices.” Which again seems a little odd if you live in New York, where 3-D adds approximately $87 per ticket, plus $45 for the glasses, and the waiver for your kidney.Overall box office sales remained flat last year despite a 5.3% drop in attendance compared to 2009.But as NATO'sPatrick Corcoran points out, ticket prices are still below what they were in 1970 when adjusted for inflation. Back then, the average ticket price in today's dollars was $8.71.With approximately 35 3-D films expected to be released this year, we can expect movie ticket prices to continue to rise.Oh well, at least there's always Netflix.
Detroit Lions cornerback Eric Wright will sign with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers today, according to several sources. The San Francisco 49ers were very interested in Wright when free agency began on Tuesday, but backed off and sign Carlos Rogers. Wright will step in and replace Buccaneers cornerback Ronde Barber, who is contemplating retirement. He will also join Bucs cornerback Aqib Talib in Tampa Bay's secondary Wright earned $2 million last year, but the specifics of his contract are not currently available. Tampa Bay signed receiver Vincent Jackson
The deal calls for Jackson to receive $36 million in guaranteed payouts the first three years, including $26 million the first two years. Last season, Wright four interceptions and 73 tackles. Currently Wright's backups at right cornerback are Alphonso Smith, while Brandon McDonald is currently an unrestricted free agent. Chris Houston, Aaron Berry and Don Carey are some of Detroit's notable cornerbacks under contract. Some notable cornerbacks remaining in free agency are Brandon Carr (Kansas City), Richard Marshall (Arizona), Tracy Porter (New Orleans), Jason Allen (Texans) and William Gay (Pittsburgh).
OSLO (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama won praise abroad on Tuesday for his pledge to lead the fight against climate change, which has faltered as nations argue over who should foot the bill to lower carbon emissions.
U.S. President Barack Obama raised a glass at the concluded his speech during the Inaugural luncheon in Statuary Hall after his ceremonial swearing in at the U.S. Capitol on Capitol Hill in Washington, January 21, 2013. REUTERS/Benjamin Myers
Two decades of summits and resolutions have not stopped mankind pumping growing quantities of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere, despite a wealth of evidence that it is causing more frequent and devastating droughts, storms and floods.
Obama devoted a surprisingly long section of Monday's inauguration speech to climate change — more than a minute out of about 20. He said failure to respond to the threat “would betray our children and future generations.”
“The path towards sustainable energy sources will be long and sometimes difficult. But America cannot resist this transition; we must lead it,” he said.
“Great strong words on climate... The U.S. President could not commit stronger to delivering now,” Connie Hedegaard, the European Union's climate commissioner, wrote on Twitter.
“We have got work to do on climate change and President Obama was very forthright about the need to tackle climate change,” Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard told reporters.
A succession of recent natural disasters has put a sharper focus on climate change.
Superstorm Sandy struck the United States in October, a typhoon left more than 1,000 people dead or missing in the Philippines in December and this month a searing heatwave caused hundreds of wildfires in Australia.
The United States has declared a natural disaster in its central and southern Wheat Belt because of a severe and persistent drought.
The global economic slowdown has made the governments of richer nations more reluctant to invest in technology to mitigate climate change, led by a shift from fossil fuels towards clean energies such as wind or solar power.
Developing countries whose carbon emissions are rising the fastest say they cannot afford the entire cost of shifting to greener technology and that developed nations should help more.
In the latest failure of environmental diplomacy, U.N. climate negotiations in Qatar in December ended without a single new pledge to cut pollution from a major emitter.
Instead, governments agreed to try again for a binding United Nations pact to limit climate change that would enter into force from 2020, replacing the Kyoto protocol adopted in 1997 that the United States never ratified.
Environmental campaigners were dismayed at the decision to wait years before taking concerted action.
SIDE-STEP CONGRESS
Obama's renewed promises could help.
“It really changes the nature, style and substance of the U.S. engagement with the international climate negotiations,” said Bill Hare, a scientist who heads Berlin-based Climate Analytics.
He said that Washington, even in Obama's first term, had low ambitions for confronting climate change and that had dimmed efforts by other major emitters. China, the United States, India and Russia are the top greenhouse gas emitters.
Unlike all of Washington's major allies in developed nations, the U.S. Congress has not legislated caps on domestic greenhouse gas emissions.
But Obama can still take the lead with actions that side-step the divided Congress.
The administration could impose tougher rules for coal-fired power plants or introduce measures to promote renewables. It also faces a decision on whether to approve TransCanada Corp's planned $5.3 billion Canada-to-Nebraska Keystone XL oil pipeline.
“Words in an inauguration speech are one thing... Many are waiting to see what specific actions the president will take,” said Samantha Smith, head of the WWF conservation group's climate and energy initiative.
She still praised Obama for starting a new U.S. debate about climate change with the speech. She said one measure Obama could take included a phase-out of fossil fuel subsidies.
When Obama first came to office he promised to act on climate change in a shift from ex-President George W. Bush who decided against trying to ratify the U.N.'s Kyoto Protocol for limiting emissions by industrialized nations.
In 2009, Obama promised to cut U.S. greenhouse gas emissions by 17 percent below 2005 levels by 2020. But the U.S. Senate did not ratify the plan.
Kyoto, originally backed by all other major developed nations, has been hit by defections by Russia, Canada and Japan from January this year, leaving only a core group led by the European Union and Australia targeting deeper cuts by 2020.
Bush and the U.S. Senate reckoned that Kyoto unfairly omitted targets for emerging nations such as China and India and would mean U.S. jobs moved abroad. On the other hand, Washington risks losing a race to develop clean technologies.
A study by the Pew Charitable Trusts last week indicated that worldwide revenue from installing clean energy facilities could total $1.9 trillion from 2012 to 2018.
With the right policies, it said the United States could get 14.5 percent of the total.
(This story corrects paragraph 25 to show EU and Australia target deeper emission cuts, not EU and Canada)
We've got great news for Axon 7 owners; another software update is upon us, rolling out in the next 48 hours. This update brings us to the latest build, B32, which incorporates several pieces of feedback from our community since the initial Nougat launch. Please find the release notes below:
Release Notes:
Multi-user support added
Enhanced Daydream, Google's mobile VR platform, performance
Improved battery performance
Quick Settings Tiles support added
Night mode updated with adjustable scale
Modified notification from tone to vibrate on calls
Hiya app able to be updated via Google Play Store
Android Pay issue (isolated to 6GB/128GB version) resolved
Google security patches through August 1, 2017
Miscellaneous performance improvements and other fixes
As of 11:05PM EDT on 8/30/2017 the issue with the OTA message saying that the device is updating to B25 has been corrected and now states B32
NOTE: It is always recommended to remove your SD card prior to software updates to avoid potential update interruptions.
Drop a line below after you've updated and share your first impressions!
When I entered high school, my friends and I quickly located some nearby walking trails. These trails were great get-away areas when skipping out on class, smoking, or taking leisurely walks with a girlfriend. Now, I'm not sure which of these three scenarios originally landed me in front of this once-beautiful '51 Ford coupe, but this morning… about 20 years after I originally discovered the vehicle in the woods… I decided to go back to school to see if it was still there. Spoiler Alert: It was.
(Okay before you watch the short clip below – I'd like to apologize in advance for not turning my phone the proper direction for video. I do know how to do it, and I just had a lapse in judgement. This video was intended to be super quick snapchat video to send to a high school friend… The only way it could have been a worse video is if I was breathing heavily and running from the actual Blair Witch. Again – apologies. I shouldn't have even put it on YouTube or posted it here.)
20 years ago, this sled was in pretty rough shape, and strangely it doesn't appear much worse today. The entire center of the roof has vanished into the rotting interior, along with most of the lower half of the body. The flathead V8 is still hiding between the front fenders, though the heads and carb have gone missing. When I was in high school, I remember locating the heads in the nearby brush, and placing them inside the car. It's possible that they are still there buried in several feet of pine needles. I didn't disrupt the spiders much to find out.
…And then I noticed the red wheels. WAIT A SEC. This thing was a friction hotrod! It's a known fact that only badasses and hotrodders would roll a baby blue '51 Ford coupe with red wheels and wide whites. This thing must have been dope as hell back in its day! From this angle shown below, the car actually looks deceivingly savable. Unfortunately, it is complete crap. I'm more ambitious than anyone I've ever met with old rusty metal, and there is no remote chance in hell of saving this thing. Sure maybe a few pieces here or there, but not the body itself. It's barely holding together for these photos. It's also in a location where it couldn't be removed without a fleet of hellcat powered Unimogs.
Below is my favorite photo from today. I don't know what it is about moldy dashboards and cracked steering wheels that light my loins ablaze, but they get me every… damn… time. Just imagine the year is 1951 and you're driving this car home brand new from the dealership, staring into the face of that all-inclusive speedometer. Your hair is slicked back, and the summer heat has you cranking the vent windows out. V8 under that baby blue hood. 3 on the tree shifting through the column. 100% Detroit steel. THAT is living right there.
Eventually I had to say goodbye to the old sled. I'll visit again. Maybe not this year, and possibly not even next year. But I'll be back to check on her. Sleep tight.
Downtown Saskatoon could be getting a major face-lift shortly.
Canwest Commercial & Land Corporation has announced its plans to build a $50-million office tower in downtown Saskatoon. The project is tentatively called World Trade Center Saskatoon.
The company hopes to start excavation work by this summer, and to have a completed building ready for tenants by 2019.
"It's a very, very ambitious program," said Canwest senior consultant and former Saskatoon mayor Don Atchison.
Canwest owns a large section of land between Third and Fourth Avenue S. along 22nd Street E. The new tower would likely face Fourth Avenue.
Building design under wraps
The office tower will be part of the World Trade Centers Association, a global network of 325 linked centres. This would be the first world trade centre in Saskatchewan. There are six in Canada.
"This is something where the government and private sector and NGOs can all get together and work together," Atchison said. "This could really have a tremendous impact for our city and for our province."
Canwest's sister company, North Prairie Developments, has been working on the project since 2013. At one point, the company said it planned to build a 31-storey condo tower and another 19-storey office tower. The two buildings would be the tallest towers in the province.
However, in November, the company asked city council to rezone the project, but did not give further information beyond that.
Right now, it's not clear how tall the current office building will be. Atchison said above-grade parking has been moved underground in the plans.
Canwest is planning to unveil more information, including architectural designs, at a news conference in the next four to six weeks.
If you are looking for summer reading suggestions, you are in luck. Check out 10 new releases by indigenous authors — from fiction to non-fiction, poetic prose, science, politics, romance and traditional stories — brought to you by the editors of Muskrat Magazine.
1. Legacy by Waubgeshig Rice (Theytus Books)
Legacy is the first novel by Waubgeshig Rice, whose collection of stories — Midnight Sweatlodge — was the gold-medal winner of the Independent Publisher Book Awards in 2012 for Adult Multicultural Fiction.
Set in the 1990s, Legacy deals with violence against a young indigenous woman and its lingering after-shocks on an Anishnawbe family in Ontario.
Medicine Walk by Richard Wagamese (McClelland) Its themes of injustice, privilege, reconciliation and revenge are as timely as today's headlines. The book is scheduled for a July release. *Stay tuned for MUSKRAT Magazine's review of Legacy.
2. Medicine Walk by Richard Wagamese (McClelland)
Celebrated author and Canada Reads finalist for Indian Horse, Wagamese has a stunning new novel that has all the timeless qualities of a classic.
Fresh and utterly memorable, Medicine Walk unveils a universal father-and-son struggle set in the dramatic landscape of the B.C. Interior.
3. Islands of Decolonial Love by Leanne Simpson (ARP Books) Islands of Decolonial Love by Leanne Simpson. (ARP Books) (ARP Books)
Well-written, poetic prose has special power — and the pages of Islands of Decolonial Love read like a salve for wounds from colonial hurts.
The title itself evokes both romantic and radical imagery of indigenous sovereignty and relationships. I asked Leanne Simpson what inspired her to choose this fitting title for the book:
"I started with a different title for the manuscript, and when I was in the final stages I happened to read an article by the Dominican-American author Junot Díaz entitled 'Decolonial Love.' He was talking about his own experience as an immigrant and male, trying to find love and intimacy with a romantic partner, despite having the damage of colonialism, rape culture, and gendered violence as a starting point," she said.
"I was thinking, what if they weren't Dominican men but Anishinaabe or Haudenosaunee women…. I think that indigenous women are very good at love, despite all of the trauma of colonialism. I started to see Anishinaabe women —whether it's their love of land, culture, elders, or partners — as little islands of hope, little islands of love. Maybe we don't always get it right, but we get glimpses of love, so the title really seemed to fit."
4.Braiding Sweetgrass: Indigenous Wisdom, Scientific Knowledge and the Teachings of Plants by Robin Wall Kimmerer (Milkweed) Braiding Sweetgrass by Robin Wall Kimmerer. (Milkweed) (Milkweed)
Drawing on her life as an indigenous scientist, a mother, and a woman, Kimmerer shows how other living beings — asters and goldenrod, strawberries and squash, salamanders, algae, and sweetgrass — offer us gifts and lessons, even if we've forgotten how to hear their voices.
The Moons Speak Cree by Larry Loyie & Constance Brissenden. (Theytus Books) In a rich braid of reflections that range from the creation of Turtle Island to the forces that threaten our existence today, she circles toward a central argument: that the awakening of a wider ecological consciousness requires the acknowledgement and celebration of our reciprocal relationship with the rest of the living world.
5. The Moons Speak Cree: A Winter Adventure by Larry Loyie & Constance Brissenden(Theytus Books)
Learning the universal lessons of aboriginal culture, young Lawrence rides his father's long toboggan pulled by four eager dogs, invents a sliding machine that really works from his grandfather's old steamer trunk, reconnects with his older brother and learns the secrets of winter survival from his parents and grandparents.
Halfling Spring: An Internet Romance by Joanne Arnott (Kegedonce Press) Based on Larry Loyie's traditional Cree childhood, the story teaches deeper lessons: respect for culture and history, the effect of change on aboriginal people and the importance of being good to animals.
6. Halfling Spring: An Internet Romance by Joanne Arnott (Kegedonce Press)
A book of poetry, tracking the transformative aspects of desire through updates or notes posted through a variety of virtual and real landscapes.
Traditional stories, electronic metaphors, bird life and geographic observations, literary and song references combine with dream imagery and conversational turns, tracking the early stages of a love affair.
7. Walking in Balance: Meeyau-ossaewin by Basil Johnson (Kegedonce) Walking in Balance: Meeyau-ossaewin by Basil Johnson. (Kegedonce) (Kegedonce)
We have, according to our beliefs, five essential parts: body, soul, spirit, heart, and mind, which all have to be satisfied equally.
"When you are in balance you are walking on the right road, following the right path of life," writes Basil Johnston.
Eight traditional Anishinaabe stories are told in both Anishinabemowin and English languages for adults.
8. The Truth That Wampum Tells: My Debwewin on the Algonquin Land Claims Process by Lynn Gehl (Fernwood Publishing) The Truth That Wampum Tells by Lynn Gehl. (Fernwood Press) (Fernwood Publishing)
In commemoration of the 250th anniversary of the Treaty at Niagara, The Truth that Wampum Tells offers readers a first-ever insider analysis of the contemporary land claims and self-government process in Canada.
Incorporating an analysis of traditional symbolic literacy known as wampum diplomacy, Lynn Gehl argues that despite Canada's constitutional beginnings, first codified in the 1763 Royal Proclamation and ratified during the 1764 Treaty at Niagara, Canada continues to deny the Algonquin Anishinaabeg their right to land and resources, their right to live as a sovereign nation and consequently their ability to live mino-pimadiziwin (the good life).
9. The Winter We Danced: Voices from the Past, the Future and Idle No More Movement by The Kino-nda-niimi Collective (ARP Books) The Winter We Danced by The Kino-nda-niimi Collective. (ARP Books) (ARP Books)
A collection of writing, poetry, lyrics, art, and images from some of the voices that make up the past, present, and future of the Idle No More movement.
The Winter We Danced draws from a wide-ranging body of narratives, journalism, editorials and creative pieces, calling for pathways into healthy, just, equitable, and sustainable communities.
This collection consolidates some of the most powerful, creative and insightful moments from the winter we danced and gestures towards next steps in an on-going movement for justice and Indigenous self-determination.
10. Lightfinder by Aaron Paquette (Kegedonce) LIGHTFINDER by Aaron Paquette. (Kegedonce)
Aisling is a young Cree woman who sets out into the wilderness with her Kokum (grandmother), Aunty and two young men she barely knows. They have to find and rescue her runaway younger brother, Eric. Along the way she learns that the legends of her people might be real and that she has a growing power of her own.
This article was initially published in Muskrat Magazine. Edited and republished with permission.
Tell us about your summer reading recommendations, in the comments below, via CBC Aboriginal on Facebook, or on Twitter @cbc_aboriginal.
I have just been to Buckingham Palace, where Her Majesty the Queen has asked me to form a new government, and I accepted.
In David Cameron, I follow in the footsteps of a great, modern Prime Minister. Under David's leadership, the Government stabilised the economy, reduced the budget deficit, and helped more people into work than ever before. But David's true legacy is not about the economy, but about social justice. From the introduction of same-sex marriage, to taking people on low wages out of income tax altogether, David Cameron has led a 'one nation' government, and it is in that spirit that I also plan to lead. Because not everybody knows this, but the full title of my party is the Conservative and Unionist Party. And that word unionist is very important to me.
It means we believe in the union, the precious, precious bond between England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. But it means something else that is just as important, it means we believe in a union not just between the nations of the United Kingdom, but between all of our citizens, every one of us, whoever we are and wherever we are from.
That means fighting against the burning injustice that if you're born poor you will die on average nine years earlier than others. If you're black, you're treated more harshly by the criminal justice system than if you're white. If you're a white working class boy, you're less likely than anybody else in Britain to go to university. If you're at a state school, you're less likely to reach the top professions than if you're educated privately. If you're a woman, you will earn less than a man. If you suffer from mental health problems, there's not enough help to hand. If you're young, you'll find it harder than ever before to own your own home.
But the mission to make Britain a country that works for everyone means more than fighting these injustices. If you're from an ordinary working class family, life is much harder than many people in Westminster realise. You have a job but you don't always have job security. You have your own home but you worry about paying the mortgage. You can just about manage, but you worry about the cost of living and getting your kids into a good school. If you're one of those families, if you're just managing, I want to address you directly. I know you're working around the clock, I know you're doing your best and I know that sometimes life can be a struggle. The Government I lead will be driven, not by the interests of the privileged few, but by yours. We will do everything we can to give you more control over your lives.
When we take the big calls, we'll think not of the powerful, but you. When we pass new laws, we'll listen not to the mighty, but to you. When it comes to taxes, we'll prioritise not the wealthy, but you. When it comes to opportunity, we won't entrench the advantages of the fortunate few, we will do everything we can to help anybody, whatever your background, to go as far as your talents will take you.
We are living through an important moment in our country's history. Following the referendum, we face a time of great national change. And I know because we're Great Britain that we will rise to the challenge. As we leave the European Union, we will forge a bold, new, positive role for ourselves in the world, and we will make Britain a country that works not for a privileged few, but for every one of us.
That will be the mission of the Government I lead. And together, we will build a better Britain.
After five seasons as President of the WNBA, Laurel J. Richie announced yesterday that she is stepping down from her post effective November 9.
Entering the league in 2011, Richie followed processors Donna Orender and Val Ackerman, whom both had one skill set that Richie did not – basketball knowledge.
However, that did not stop Richie from using her outsider's perspective to her advantage.
She studied the game, the league and its markets. Talking to her today, you would never know that she did not grow up playing hoops.
Richie's departure comes as a shock to those who have followed the notable highlights of her WNBA tenure.
Today, there are a record number of franchise marquee sponsorships – ten – since Richie's start.
In 2013, the anticipated draft class featuring Skylar Diggins, Elena Delle Donne and Brittney Griner brought wide-spread media coverage and spring boarded greater attention to the league. ESPN experienced solid viewership ratings and extended its contract through 2025.
And the 2014 launch of the WNBA Pride campaign made the WNBA the first professional sports league to openly institute a program specifically for the LGBT community.
While there has been criticism surrounding the execution of the Pride initiative as well as the WNBA.com redesign – from the begging until the end – Richie continually focused her attention on what was best for the players.
Richie led the WNBA with class and professionalism and regularly opened addresses by stating that she was proud to represent the women of the WNBA.
Marketing and growing women's basketball in the United States continues to be an ever-increasing challenge. This season, players such as Maya Moore and Swin Cash turned to the growing digital media platform – The Players' Tribune – to express their frustrations with the lack of visibility on the professional level compared to collegiate basketball.
During Richie's tenure, the WNBA made progress in marketing the game but did not produce an airtight strategy. But that was not due to a lack of effort on Richie's part.
In 2013, she used her over 30-years of marketing experience to rebrand the league's visual identity. And publicly she was masterful at articulating the W's brand.
While it appeared that league was moving in the right direction, shortly before the start of 2015 playoffs, NBA Commissioner Adam Silver noted that he thought the league would have broken through by now and it is not “where we hoped it would be.”
It is hard to overlook Silver's comments about the state of the WNBA and not interpret them as a public critique of Richie's performance – who wouldn't?
And it would be so easy to point fingers in Richie's direction, but remember the WNBA is not a stand-alone entity.
This begs the question: Has the NBA done enough to promote the WNBA?
I'd say no.
The marketing push and promotion just isn't there. The NBA carries clout, and with the average team worth $1.1 billion it is hard to imagine it would be associated with a product and not let it prosper. When you stand in the position of power, some would argue that you have the responsibility to do more.
And after reviewing Silver's comments within the last 24 hours – he knows it too.
He stated that he is “100% committed to the league,” and moving forward his focus will be on attendance, viewership and marketing partnerships.
Silver told USA Today Sports, “I believe I can personally do more to grow the WNBA. I believe it is necessary, at least in the short-term, that I commit more of my time to the success of the league.”
In the same interview he said, “And the only change I can commit to is, I can do more, and I will do more.”
In a separate interview with Vice Sports, Silver noted that he has spoken to ESPN President, John Skipper, and they agreed to “redouble their efforts going into the 20th season” and “think creatively about what additional things the WNBA/NBA could do to promote women's basketball, and what additional things ESPN could do to promote women's basketball.”
Having spoken to Richie on many occasions, she always considered herself an optimist with a “glass half-full” outlook on the WNBA.
So, if there is a silver lining (no pun intended) to her departure, it is Silver acknowledging that he – meaning the NBA – can and will do more to promote the WNBA.
Have something to say about this story? Share it below or comment here.
WASHINGTON—While declaring that the musical instrument was by no means ideally suited to the task, a report released by the National Endowment for the Arts Thursday concluded that the saxophone nevertheless remains a fairly decent vehicle for expressing one's unique personality and subjective emotional experience. “Although there are certainly better ways to convey one's feelings artistically, saxophones aren't all that bad if there's nothing else around,” read the 83-page report in part, which affirmed that, in terms of achieving emotional resonance, the reed instrument was “okay, all in all.” “It's no piano or guitar or anything, but still, if you have something to get off your chest and there's a sax nearby, you could do worse.” The report went on to remind readers that the tuba and Irish stepdancing are never an acceptable form of self-expression at any time or for any reason.
Advertisement
Image caption There have been eight US drone strikes in Pakistan over the past two weeks
US Defence Secretary Leon Panetta has backed the use of drones to target militants in Pakistan, two days after a missile strike reportedly killed al-Qaeda leader Abu Yahya al-Libi.
Mr Panetta said the US had made it "very clear that we are going to continue to defend ourselves".
He made the comments while attending a conference in neighbouring India.
On Tuesday, Pakistan summoned the US deputy ambassador to reiterate its "serious concern" about drone strikes.
There have been eight US drone strikes in the past two weeks despite Islamabad's demands for them to be stopped.
Pakistan says the drone attacks fuel anti-US sentiment and claim civilian casualties along with militants. The US insists the strikes are effective.
'Our sovereignty'
US officials say Abu Yahya al-Libi died when two missiles struck a suspected militant compound early on Monday in Hesokhel, a village to the east of Miranshah, the main town of the North Waziristan tribal area.
At least 14 people are thought to have been killed alongside him.
The White House said Libi's death dealt a heavy blow to al-Qaeda as he played a critical role in its planning of operations against the West, and had become second-in-command to Ayman al-Zawahiri following Osama Bin Laden's death.
"There is no-one who even comes close in terms of replacing the expertise al-Qaeda has just lost," one official said.
Militants killed by drones in Pakistan June 2012: Senior al-Qaeda leader Abu Yahya al-Libi
Senior al-Qaeda leader Abu Yahya al-Libi February 2012: Al-Qaeda commander Badar Mansoor
Al-Qaeda commander Badar Mansoor August 2011: Al-Qaeda commander Atiyah Abd al-Rahman
Al-Qaeda commander Atiyah Abd al-Rahman June 2011 : Senior al-Qaeda figure Ilyas Kashmiri (according to reports)
: Senior al-Qaeda figure Ilyas Kashmiri (according to reports) August 2009: Taliban leader Baitullah Mehsud Profile: Abu Yahya al-Libi Al-Qaeda's remaining leaders Can al-Qaeda survive drone strikes?
Speaking in Delhi on Wednesday, Mr Panetta made it clear that the US would continue to use unmanned drone aircraft to kill militants in Pakistan, dismissing complaints that its sovereignty had been violated.
"We have made it very clear that we are going to continue to defend ourselves," he said. "This is about our sovereignty as well."
Mr Panetta argued that al-Qaeda leaders who had orchestrated the 11 September 2001 attacks were located in Pakistan's north-western Federally Administered Tribal Areas (Fata), which border Afghanistan.
He also said the drone strikes helped protect Pakistanis, who have been the targets of attacks by al-Qaeda and its allies.
The defence secretary also told the conference in Delhi that the US and India would need to "continue to engage Pakistan, overcoming our respective - and often deep - differences with Pakistan to make all of South Asia peaceful and prosperous".
"Pakistan is a complicated relationship, complicated for both of our countries, but it is one that we must continue to work to improve."
The US is hoping India can provide additional support to Afghanistan, including trade, reconstruction and assistance for local security forces.
'Red line'
On Tuesday, the Pakistani foreign ministry said the US deputy ambassador, Richard Hoagland, had been summoned to be officially informed of "the government's serious concern regarding drone strikes".
Mr Hoagland was told the strikes were "unlawful, against international law and a violation of Pakistan's sovereignty", a statement said.
"The parliament had emphatically stated that they were unacceptable. Drone strikes represented a clear red line for Pakistan."
Before the increase in drone strikes over the past two weeks, there had only been 11 such attacks in the preceding six months.
The BBC's Aleem Maqbool says there has been a sense in Islamabad that this increase in frequency of attacks is being seen as a means of putting pressure on - even punishing - the country at a time when it is refusing to re-open supply routes to Nato troops in Afghanistan unless certain demands are met.
If Abu Yahya al-Libi's death is confirmed, Washington may feel vindicated, but it will not appease a large section of Pakistani society, for whom US drone attacks have become a source of considerable resentment, our correspondent adds.
The assignment
The computer was being heavily hyped within Apple. With great anticipation, the day finally came when the agency was to be briefed on Steve's obsession. We weren't blindfolded or driven to a bunker in the desert, but we were led to a secret room at Apple where the new baby was sitting in the center of a table hidden under a black veil. After a brief introduction, the veil was removed. We all did sort of a "holy cow" in unison, as this Bondi-Blue gumdrop of a computer stared us in the face. It struck us as very cool, but it also felt like something out of the Jetsons. It was to be our great opportunity, and we were psyched. "We're betting the company on this computer," said Steve. "It needs a great name."
The wish list
Steve Jobs and his team had incredible passion for this computer, and Steve had a very clear idea about what it should stand for. "It's a full-powered Mac, so it can do a lot of things. But first and foremost, it will get you onto the Internet in 10 minutes, even if you've never used a computer before." That was about it. No big meetings, no creative briefs — just give it your best shot and come back in a week.
What's in a name
We returned with five names, one of which we all loved: iMac. Each option came with a presentation board briefly describing why it was a good name. For iMac, it was obviously all about the i. Most important, it stood for Internet. But it also stood for other valuable i things, like individual, imagination, i as in me, etc. It also did a pretty good job of laying a solid foundation for future product naming.
It was early 1997 and Steven P. Jobs had just recently returned to Apple as Interim Chief Executive Officer (At first he was just there to help and publicly stated that he did not want the full-time job at the time). Apple was about 6 months from full insolvency and company morale was at an all-time low. There were warring factions and fiefdoms pitting any number of internal groups against each other, with each assigning blame for Apple's slow demise.Steve Jobs spent his first few months cutting irrelevant products, projects and partnerships to streamline the company to a spartan group of products. This was a painful and rather stark change to what Apple had grown to. Dozens of work groups were reassigned. Only a few were left aliveSteve felt that there were two very important products to focus on: The Mac Product Line and The PowerBook product line. Both products lost their way and suffered from a lack of focus in the market.Steve selected a project that was an extension of the very first Macintosh. It was in a very infant stage and it would wind up barely resembling what Steve had envisioned. The vision was a radical design, a departure from just about anything else in the market, a translucent, All-In-One stand alone computer with no internal access and no ability to use add in cards. It adopted a new communication standard called Universal Serial Bus (USB). It also created what was thought to be the biggest error of judgment, no 3.5-inch Floppy Drive. Instead sitting in the center was the translucent door of the CD Rom drive. At the time CD Roms were very expensive and not at all the standard for software distribution.There was no name for this product and Steve felt that it would be extremely important to have a Mac name. At the time TBWA\Chiat\Day was creating the defining marketing campaign for Apple, “Think Different” (). This was Steve's way to set the stage for what the New Apple would represent to the world. Think Different was about taking chances and this new product was the biggest chance Apple was about to take.The driving genius that was most instrumental to the TBWA\Chiat\Day Think Different program was Ken Segall (). Ken had been working directly with Steve at Next and was carried over to Apple. Steve and Ken had a great working relationship with a great deal of understanding and mutual respect. Steve had asked Ken and his team to help in the naming of the new product and challenged him to out do the Think Different success. Ken and his team spent some time distilling the suggestions down to about 3 choices.At first Steve rejected all the ideas and was leaning towards a name he reportedly came up with, according to Ken. Steve was leaning towards “” (). Ken's team was horrified and in the most respectful and professional way, they lobbied Steve to consider the choices they had come up with. Ken already had a favorite and set about motivating Steve to reconsider. Understand that no genius is an island and even Steve admits to missing the mark at times.The “i” naming nomenclature became so pervasive Steve became the iCEO for a number of years. There was even a Time magazine story that cemented this title.
Long before the “i” nomenclature, Apple had invested in the “e” nomenclature. The Apple online service eWorld () was the most notable example from 1994. Apple was thinking of using this for a whole series of product naming conventions.The “e” naming nomenclature idea was dropped in the late 1990s with the eMate ().There were a number of other companies that had used the “i” nomenclature before Apple, but Apple obviously took clear hold of this in the mindset of the consumer.With the October 23, 2001 release of the iPod, the “i” nomenclature became cemented into Apple culture.Of course the iPhone really cemented the iconic use of the "i". In the case of the iPad, it was not an easy journey, there was a lot of pressure on Apple not to name the tablet an iPad. For obvious reasons it was suggested that this would make the product the endpoint of jokes. Steve had none of this and was determined to continue on with the “i” nomenclature.With the official release of the iCloud, (today 8/1/2011, http//:) there is a rather high likelihood that Apple will continue on with “i” nomenclature for at least the next 5 years, if not the next decade.Ken Segall is perhaps one of a handful of most important figures in Apple's culture and he was not an Apple employee. Ken is a Marketing and Branding genius. Even the most creative and inspired people like Steve Jobs surround themselves with people that are just exceptional and brilliant. I think that Ken's guidance and insight had a direct and meaningful impact on Apple's subsequent success.
Narcity is a blackhole of sponsored content and UBC students were better off when it left us the hell alone. After discovering the beautiful, niche market that is our university, the site has pumped out over a dozen UBC student-centred articles, capitalizing on quick-to-click procrastinating students and information-starved first-years — all of whom have yet to install an ad blocker.
This new focus, which seems to have started in March, has used UBC students and graduates to produce content that is clickbait-y enough to horrify even the Daily Hive. While Narcity Media (which is really a glorified advertising company) prides itself on its ability to pander to millennials and provide “content for today's generation,” they've slid down the line of decency — something epitomized in a recent article titled “20 of the Hottest UBC Girls on Instagram.”
“UBC. The University of Beautiful Chicks. The name of the school does not lie,” reads its first sentence. There have been a few disgusting full-forms presented for UBC, but we'd say this diminutive moniker would make the top three. Objectifying UBC students and diminishing their achievements has never been and will never be acceptable.
Narcity may have started out with simple intentions by wanting to garner high levels of engagement in a specific audience by using niche terminology (read jokes about WeBWorK and napping in the Aquatic Centre), but they have now gone too far. Students need to be wary of Narcity and sites like it.
We would advise against sacrificing ad blockers and privacy rights to find out the “9 Must-Know Tips Every UBC Freshman Should Know.”
Update September 12, 4:05 p.m.: It looks as though Narcity has since taken down “20 of the Hottest UBC Girls on Instagram” from their website.
Honey Boo Boo of the reality show Here Comes Honey Boo Boo.
Although it's hugely popular, reality TV is often seen as voyeuristic screen-trash — a showcase for the seedier sides of humanity, for people's vanity, vacuousness, and vulgarity. And while there's more than a grain of truth to this analysis — just look at this roundup of awkward clips — a new brain-imaging study in the journal NeuroImage paints reality TV in a slightly different light.
Martin Melchers and his colleagues at the University of Bonn in Germany used reality-TV clips to explore the brain's basis for a uniquely human, and ultimately compassionate, emotion: “vicarious embarrassment.” This is our ability to squirm in empathy for somebody else's social pain or loss, even in cases where the protagonist, him- or herself, doesn't realize what's gone wrong. If you've ever turned red at a friend's cringeworthy pickup lines or drunken karaoke performances, you'll know the feeling.
The researchers had 60 participants, most of them students, watch carefully chosen clips from various German reality-TV shows — half depicting highly embarrassing scenes (if German reality TV is anything like its American counterpart, these likely weren't hard to come by), the others neutral in content — someone puts groceries away while chatting on a cell phone, for example. Next, the participants lay in a brain scanner while they looked at stills taken from the embarrassing and non-embarrassing clips.
The neuroscientists were looking for brain areas that were activated by the embarrassing scenes but not by the neutral ones, and which correlated with the participants' feelings of vicarious embarrassment. What the researchers uncovered was a roll call of neural regions that arguably underlie some of the more appealing aspects of human psychology.
Take for instance, the “middle-temporal gyrus,” a region that's associated with putting ourselves in other people's shoes. Or the “right supramarginal gyrus,” thought to be involved in suppressing our usual egocentricity. And the “inferior frontal gyrus,” associated with emotional empathy and feelings of compassion. Other activation patterns were consistent with the idea that the participants were accessing their knowledge of culture and social rules — after all, you need to understand concepts like etiquette and taboo to realize that someone has made a fool of themselves.
It's important not to overstate these results — the participants' self-reported levels of explicit compassion for the reality-TV characters were pretty modest (no surprise, really, given that they didn't know these people who were making fools of themselves). Rather, the patterns of brain activity here hint more at the participants' automatic simulation and understanding of the characters' social suffering. This is the neural groundwork that has the potential to give rise to overt compassion and intervention — and it can apparently light up even in situations designed to evoke ridicule rather than empathy.
Studying the brain basis of empathy is a well-trodden field. You may have heard how, when we see someone else in pain, the pain areas of our own brains also fire up, as if simulating their suffering in our own neural pathways. Other people's emotional distress has a similar effect.
However, these reality-TV findings break new ground for two reasons. First of all, there was evidence that parts of the participants' so-called “pain matrix” (a network of brain areas involved in the experience of pain) were involved in their feelings of vicarious embarrassment — this indicates that the same, or a similar, mirroring process that's triggered when we observe someone's physical pain is also triggered when we see their social pain.
Secondly, this is new neuroscience territory because up to now there's been little study of the brain basis of self-conscious emotions like embarrassment, shame, and guilt. These emotions are distinct from the others because they are very much about ourselves and our own reputations. That we are capable of feeling someone else's self-conscious emotions — even a stranger's — shows the remarkable extent of human empathy, how we're capable of keeping track of other people's social reputation and feeling their pain when their status takes a hit.
There's debate in psychology over how many other animals like chimpanzees are able to think about other individuals' mental states, but what this new research highlights is the unique extent of human mind-reading. As Ian McEwan writes in Only Love and Then Oblivion, “Imagining what it is like to be someone other than yourself is at the core of our humanity.”
Novels are often celebrated for the way they encourage us to take a journey into other people's minds (and how they may even make us more skilled at doing this). But maybe we shouldn't be too snooty about other, more base-seeming media. These new results show reality TV exercises our empathy buttons, too.
This might account for the appeal not just of reality shows, but also scripted (and partially improvised) ones like The Office that contrive fictional scenes of excruciating embarrassment. In the same way that horror fiction is seen by some scholars as providing a safe way for us to rehearse and simulate dealing with mortal threats, perhaps we're attracted to cringe comedy and reality TV as a way to hone our ability to appreciate and understand other people's social tribulations.
Dr. Christian Jarrett is editor of the British Psychological Society's Research Digest blog. His latest book is Great Myths of the Brain.
0
We here at Collider are very happy to exclusively debut the great stuff the good folks at Mondo will be dropping to celebrate Alien Day this Wednesday, April 26th. Alien Day is, of course, a fan-celebration of the franchise that's tied to the name of the moon on which Aliens are set, LV-426. Mondo's contribution to the festivities is as gorgeous as it is exciting.
On Alien Day, there will be two Alien soundtrack options available from Mondo, including a 4XLP version of the Complete Original Motion Picture Soundtrack composed by Jerry Goldsmith, with artwork by Tyler Stout, available for the first time on vinyl. This is a timed limited edition, but Mondo is also offering a 2XLP version of the soundtrack with artwork by Kilian Eng.
In addition to the vinyl releases, Mondo is offering an Alien xenomorph t-shirt designed by Tyler Stout, as well as two enamel pins by DKNG.
Check out all of these goodies below, along with more information about each release. They'll be available for purchase on MondoTees.com on April 26th starting at 10am PT/12pm CT/1pm ET.
The LinuxTag 2013 is over, and I want to share some brief impressions I got during our stay in Berlin.
The LinuxTag is a nice and well organized FOSS exhibition in Germany, attracting more than 10.000 visitors during 4 days.
We gave a talk about the OpenPhoenux project at the 2nd evening and had about 60 listeners. Some of them got very interested and followed us to the booth afterwards. For everyone who couldn't participate, the slides are available online: Slides.pdf
We shared a booth with some other “Linux & Embedded” projects, namely: OpenEmbedded, Ethernut, Nut/OS, Oswald/Metawatch. Our Booth was professionally looking and I think we got quite some people interested in the project. Basically we had a constant flow of people at the booth during our 3 days stay and the overall feedback was rather positive!
We got interviewed by the “GNU funzt!” team, as well. The (german) video is now available on Youtube (OpenPhoenux interview is starting at 5:00):
All in all it was a very nice stay in Berlin. I especially enjoyed meeting and chatting with guys who already owned a GTA04. It looks like the community is growing again!
Links:
At 96, Kim Bok-deuk is the oldest of South Korea's surviving 'comfort women' who were forced into sexual slavery by the Japanese army in World War II. She says she was taken away by Japanese soldiers when she was just 22. (SOUNDBITE) (Korean) KIM BOK-DEUK, FORMER COMFORT WOMAN, SAYING: "My mother thought I went to my aunt's house. Nobody knew where I'd gone." She was shipped to war front brothels in China then to the Philippines, where she says she was forced to serve 10 men each night, sometimes more, for six years. Song Do-ja, who's been looking after Kim for 12 years, says it took a while for Kim to open up to the idea of telling her story. (SOUNDBITE) (Korean) SONG DO-JA, HEAD OF TONGYEONG & GEOJE CITIZENS' COMMUNITY WITH THE VICTIMS OF MILITARY SEXUAL SLAVERY BY JAPAN, SAYING: "Writing this book was possible because Kim realized it is not her who should be ashamed, but the Japanese government. Because Japan was to blame, and not her.." The memoir, entitled "Do Not Forget Me" has now been released in English and Chinese. There are only 56 former comfort women alive in South Korea today. (SOUNDBITE) (Korean) KIM BOK-DEUK, FORMER COMFORT WOMAN, SAYING: "When I am born again, my biggest wish is to be born a girl, get married and to have a child of my own." This January marked the 22nd year victims and their supporters have protested outside the Japanese embassy in Seoul, demanding an apology. Japan said the issue has already been resolved.
When robots inevitably take over our planet, as the dystopian vision of science fiction writers foretells, we'll lose our jobs, our freedom, our humanity. But take comfort in one thing the robots will provide for us lowly, carbon-based life-forms: artisanal pizza.
They're already making it in a commercial kitchen in the heart of Silicon Valley: Two robots named Pepe and Giorgio squirt sauce on dough, and another robot, Marta, spreads it. A robotic arm named Bruno puts the pizza in the oven. They don't operate independently from humans yet – two or three people still load the dough onto the conveyor and sprinkle cheese and toppings – but Zume Pizza in Mountain View expects to be fully automated by spring, delivering made-to-order, customizable pizzas in as little as seven minutes.
Say it with a straight face: artisanal robotic pizza. Like jumbo shrimp and boneless ribs, it seems like a culinary oxymoron. For many years, our culture has fostered a movement that rewards people who grow and prepare food with thoughtfulness, by hand. We're all about knowing your farmer, shopping small and local, and caring about the human stories behind the food we eat.
In seemingly direct contrast to that stands technology. Some of the same purveyors who are part of that movement are looking for ways to maximize efficiency and cut costs as their businesses grow.
“There's a connotation with ‘artisanal' that speaks to an artist behind it,” said Sarah Weiner, director of the Good Food Foundation. “I am not sure that robots have evolved to the point where they can convey emotion and meaning.”
Maybe not, but there are now robots that can reflect and simulate emotions. And technology is moving quickly: Engineers are developing robots to automate single tasks, but experts predict that eventually, artificial intelligence could become as common a kitchen tool as a whisk.
“It's easy to take two things that seem completely at odds with each other and assume that there's a tension,” said Zume Pizza co-founder and co-Chief Executive Julia Collins. “That doesn't exist in this case. Robots are enabling us to deliver artisanal food.”
‘Not too perfectly'
How can something make by the steely mechanical hand of a robot be considered artisanal? It further stretches the definition of a word that is already in danger of becoming little more than marketing-speak, for sure. But Collins and others in the field assert that if the base ingredients, processes and technique come from artisanal origins, the food itself can be considered artisanal.
“Food has to be made with love,” Collins said. “That's why humans make the food, and when I say ‘make the food,' humans do all of the scratch cooking” at Zume. That means making the dough, which is aged for up to 24 hours, and the sauce, which Collins said comes from “single-source organic, dry-farmed tomatoes” and is made using executive chef Aaron Butkus' grandmother's recipe. Humans also must chop and prep the toppings, which are all local and use seasonal produce. Robots assemble and cook the pies; at peak capacity, they can make 288 every hour.
Apparently, we don't want our food to look like it's made by robots. Zume has taken particular care to ensure that: The machine it is commissioning to press the dough will create three slightly different shapes. Because the tomatoes are hand-crushed, the consistency of the sauce changes, so Marta the robot spreads it differently with every pie – “perfectly but not too perfectly,” Collins said. And the menu is constantly changing.
Zume doesn't hide the fact that the pizzas are made by robots, but it doesn't promote it on its website, either. Given the company's location in a community full of programmers and engineers, it's part of the appeal.
The automation doesn't stop in the kitchen: The delivery-only pizza joint has patented food trucks that bake your pizza en route, in an oven that turns on automatically 31/2 minutes before the truck delivers it to your house after following an algorithmically optimized route.
Pizza isn't the only food that's getting a robotic boost. Momentum Machines announced plans to open a robot-operated burger joint in San Francisco, with systems that will allow diners to customize their blend of ground meat. There are robot noodle makers in Japan and robot cocktail makers in Italy. Casabots in San Jose has invented Sally, the salad robot – she's essentially a fully contained, mechanized Sweetgreen – and they're setting their sights next on burritos.
Robot labor could eliminate low-skilled jobs and lead to the creation of more technical jobs, such as robot maintenance. Zume, for example, gives all of its employees a stake in the company and technical training. Collins said workers whose jobs become automated will be reassigned, not eliminated.
And Zume's kitchen always will require someone to prep and load food into the robots.
Tyron Smith put his massive hands on Adam Gotsis‘ shoulders and attempted to march the Broncos defensive end toward the sideline.
Discarding defensive linemen with ease was how Smith, the 320-pound left tackle for the Dallas Cowboys, earned all-pro honors last season. And being too easily shoved to the side in 2016 was how his rookie season became an exercise in frustration for Gotsis.
But as the clouds hovered above Sports Authority Field at Mile High last Sunday, Gotsis closed the daylight. On the second play of the game, Gotsis absorbed a chip block from Cowboys guard Chaz Green and then, with a violent swing of his arms, shook free from Smith. In a blink, Gotsis balanced himself and torpedoed back toward the line of scrimmage, helping teammate Derek Wolfe level all-pro running back Ezekiel Elliot before he could gain a yard.
The play was a six-second show of strength Gotsis may have not been able to display one year ago. Back then, he was 20 pounds lighter, still recovering from an ACL injury and generally overmatched.
“The first two games, he's looked like a different guy,” Broncos defensive coordinator Joe Woods said. “He's looking like the guy we drafted. He has to continue to play at that level. He's a big piece to our defense in terms of having big success.”
To grow confidence, Gotsis had to grow his biceps and his chest and his legs and various other parts of his anatomy that make up the tools of the trade for defensive linemen. Entering the offseason healthy, Gotsis took up residence in the weight room, adding 20 pounds to his frame. By June, he weighed 306 pounds, up from his 287-pound playing weight as a rookie.
The weight gain came after a stern challenge from defensive line coach Bill Kollar, who didn't mince words when he told Gotsis he had to get stronger.
“I think he really wanted to pressure me into an opportunity where I could push myself to try and be a starter on this team,” said Gotsis, who will celebrate his 25th birthday Saturday in Buffalo, preparing for the Broncos' first road game against the Bills. “I took a lot of that on myself, just to keep working and know that I need to do this for myself. I needed to do what I had to do to get on the field, and he wants me to be on the field. Even though it might sound like he's coming at me, he's trying to give me the best opportunity. I just had to work my butt off.”
As the Broncos began organized team activities in June, bigger muscles brought increased confidence. Gotsis noticed he was more often dictating movement in the trenches, not simply trying to survive as he often did during his rookie season.
But just as he was hitting his stride, Gotsis was hit with a setback. A sore knee led to a scope in late June that kept the native of Australia out of action for a month. He was ready to practice at the start of training camp in late July, but he wasn't yet himself. It wasn't exactly the way he envisioned beginning his quest for a starting job.
“I felt like I was playing at a high caliber,” Gotsis said. “I felt like I had a great OTAs. It was like, ‘Damn, just when I'm feeling good.' But it's football. You're going to have injuries. It's about how you bounce back.” Related Articles O'Halloran: Broncos' priority at the NFL combine? Looking for free agents.
Broncos Mailbag: Is it worth pursuing Antonio Brown and Josh Rosen?
NFL Combine 2019 Primer: Road to draft takes league to Indianapolis
Why Evan Worthington's 40-yard dash time could propel him up NFL draft boards
O'Halloran: Road to the NFL for Northern Colorado's Alex Wesley started vs. CU Buffs in 2017
Gotsis has quickly come to understand that injuries are a way of life in the NFL. The trick, he has also learned, is to avoid allowing an injury to stall progress. When the knee issue kept him out in July, Gotsis still lifted and conditioned where he could and immersed himself in film. It was part of an overall growth that Gotsis had to make heading into his second season to become the player Kollar and the Broncos envisioned he could be when they used a second-round pick to draft him out of Georgia Tech, despite his limited American football experience.
“You've got to get a little different mind-set,” Kollar said, relaying some of what he told Gotsis in the offseason. “You've got to have a tougher mindset. You can't just be a nice guy and go out there. You've got to have a different type of attitude. I think he's changed that a little bit also.”
After finding his feet in the first two preseason games, Gotsis came on strong at the end of August. He then registered five tackles in a season-opening win over the Chargers. He added four tackles against the Cowboys. Each of those was against Elliott (three rushes, one reception) on plays that totaled just 7 yards for the running back.
“I think it's confidence,” Broncos coach Vance Joseph said. “It's just playing more football. He's obviously a talent. I mean, physically, he can do a lot of special things. He's a big man. It's just confidence. Just believing you can do it. That's where he is right now.”
The team of scientists involved in preservation work at the iconic shipwreck of Zakynthos whose bow rises from Navagio Bay say it is in danger of total disintegration. Thirty-six years after becoming the island's top tourist attraction, the wreck is under investigation. The Cultural Heritage Department of the Ionian Islands Technical Education Institute have begun the autopsy of the wreck in the presence of Antonis Nikoloudakis, the vice president of the Tourism Committee of the Municipality of Zakynthos. He said that the next stage would involve a study by the Department of Environmental Technologies in collaboration with other institutions so that conservation work can begin.
Destruction to construction materials, problems in balance, rust, wood rifts and other problems were noted. The next stage, state the scientific team, is the study of the wreck for the conservation in collaboration with other institutions.
The Municipality of Zakynthos sought to examine the damage to the ship and gathered different proposals.
The ship took its name from the freighter Panagiotis that ran aground in the sand of Ai Giorgis beach. The adverse weather conditions have left their marks on the wreck that is stuck in the sand.
Posted 01 December 2011 - 07:10 AM
oh haha. like a week before that thread he posted the volumes on fb and i was like it would be cool if you could help out. Messege OFT about it if you want to. but still. this is fucking great.
Not really liking the "ODD FUTURE TALK DOT COM" in the songs but i understand.
also is that erl rapping on the slyxstones throw track?
Nah, I started that thread back in May (almost seven months ago). It's been bumped recently though, so that may have led to your confusion.The tags are because we put in all of this work for nothing but credit (and a little appreciation in the form of replies). Then bloggers try and take that credit by taking the OFT off and just calling them "Unreleased Vol.3" etc (or the "bible" adding them to their singles collection). But they are non intrusive and only during instrumental parts of the beat.Now if I put them over Earl rapping, I'd understand a complaint. We also don't want people putting these tracks on a compilation and trying to pass them off as an official release. These are demos and this is the only place they are found. But at the end of the day, this is a mixtape, not an official release. Mixtapes usually do have tags and shouts.However, if there is enough demand, we may up them in a few months tag-free (separate from any compilation though).
The liger is a hybrid offspring of a male lion (Panthera leo) and a female tiger (Panthera tigris). The liger has parents in the same genus but of different species. The liger is distinct from the similar hybrid tigon, and is the largest of all known extant felines.[1][2] They enjoy swimming, which is a characteristic of tigers, and are very sociable like lions. Notably, ligers typically grow larger than either parent species, unlike tigons.[1][2][3]
History
The history of lion-tiger hybrids dates to at least the early 19th century in India. In 1798, Étienne Geoffroy Saint-Hilaire (1772–1844) made a colour plate of the offspring of a lion and a tiger. The portmanteau "liger" was coined by the 1930s.[4]
In 1825, G. B. Whittaker made an engraving of liger cubs born in 1824.[3] The parents and their three liger offspring are also depicted with their trainer in a 19th-century painting in the naïve style.
Two liger cubs born in 1837 were exhibited to King William IV and to his successor Queen Victoria. On 14 December 1900 and on 31 May 1901, Carl Hagenbeck wrote to zoologist James Cossar Ewart with details and photographs of ligers born at the Hagenbeck's Tierpark in Hamburg in 1897.
In Animal Life and the World of Nature (1902–1903), A.H. Bryden described Hagenbeck's "lion-tiger" hybrids:
It has remained for one of the most enterprising collectors and naturalists of our time, Mr. Carl Hagenbeck, not only to breed but to bring successfully to a healthy maturity, specimens of this rare alliance between those two great and formidable Felidae, the lion and tiger. The illustrations will indicate sufficiently how fortunate Mr. Hagenbeck has been in his efforts to produce these hybrids. The oldest and biggest of the animals shown is a hybrid born on the 11th May 1897. This fine beast, now more than five years old, equals and even excels in his proportions a well-grown lion, measuring as he does from nose tip to tail 10 ft 2 inches in length, and standing only three inches less than 4 ft at the shoulder. A good big lion will weigh about 400 lb [...] the hybrid in question, weighing as it does no less than 467 lb, is certainly the superior of the most well-grown lions, whether wild-bred or born in a menagerie. This animal shows faint striping and mottling, and, in its characteristics, exhibits strong traces of both its parents. It has a somewhat lion-like head, and the tail is more like that of a lion than of a tiger. On the other hand, it has no trace of mane. It is a huge and very powerful beast.[5]
In 1935, four ligers from two litters were reared in the Zoological Gardens of Bloemfontein, South Africa. Three of them, a male and two females, were still living in 1953. The male weighed 340 kg (750 lb) and stood a foot and a half (45 cm) taller than a full grown male lion at the shoulder.
Although ligers are more commonly found than tigons today, in At Home In The Zoo (1961), Gerald Iles wrote "For the record I must say that I have never seen a liger, a hybrid obtained by crossing a lion with a tigress. They seem to be even rarer than tigons."[6]
Size and growth
The liger is often believed to represent the largest known cat in the world.[1] Males reach a total length of 3 to 3.6 m (9.8 to 11.8 ft),[7][8] which means that they rival even large male lions and tigers in length.[9] Imprinted genes may be a factor contributing to the large size of ligers.[10] These are genes that may or may not be expressed on the parent they are inherited from, and that occasionally play a role in issues of hybrid growth. For example, in some dog breed crosses, genes that are expressed only when maternally-inherited cause the young to grow larger than is typical for either parent breed. This growth is not seen in the paternal breeds, as such genes are normally "counteracted" by genes inherited from the female of the appropriate breed.[11]
Other big cat hybrids can reach similar sizes; the litigon, a rare hybrid of a male lion and a female tigon, is roughly the same size as the liger, with a male named Cubanacan (at the Alipore Zoo in India) reaching 363 kg (800 lb).[12] The extreme rarity of these second-generation hybrids may make it difficult to ascertain whether they are larger or smaller, on average than the liger.
It is wrongly believed that ligers continue to grow throughout their lives due to hormonal issues.[citation needed] It may be that they simply grow far more during their growing years and take longer to reach their full adult size. Further growth in shoulder height and body length is not seen in ligers over 6 years old, as in both lions and tigers. Male ligers also have the same levels of testosterone on average as an adult male lion, yet are azoospermic in accordance with Haldane's rule. In addition, female ligers may also attain great size, weighing approximately 320 kg (705 lb) and reaching 3.05 m (10 ft) long on average, and are often fertile. In contrast, pumapards (hybrids between pumas and leopards) tend to exhibit dwarfism.
Ligers are about the same size as the prehistoric Smilodon populator and American lion.
Records
Hercules the liger and his trainer Bhagavan Antle the liger and his trainer Bhagavan Antle
Hercules, the largest non-obese liger, is recognised by the Guinness Book of World Records as the largest living cat on Earth, weighing 418.2 kg (922 lb).[13][14] Hercules was featured on the Today Show, Good Morning America, Anderson Cooper 360, Inside Edition, and in a Maxim article in 2005, when he was only three years old and already weighed 408.25 kg (900 lb).
Valley of the Kings animal sanctuary in Wisconsin had a male liger named Nook who weighed over 550 kg (1,213 lb).[2][15]
To compare, the records for the lion and tiger in captivity are under 1,100 pounds (500 kg).[16][17]
Longevity
Shasta, a ligress (female liger) was born at the Hogle Zoo in Salt Lake City on 14 May 1948 and died in 1972 at age 24.[18] Nook died in 2007, at 21 years old.[2][15] Hobbs, a male liger at the Sierra Safari Zoo in Reno, Nevada, lived to almost 15 years of age before succumbing to liver failure and weighed in at 450 kg (992 lb).[19] This liger was born in 1943 and died in 1960. South Africa still has two ligers at its one zoo at Bloemfontein.[20]
Fertility
The fertility of hybrid big cat females is well documented across a number of different hybrids. This is in accordance with Haldane's rule: in hybrids of animals whose sex is determined by sex chromosomes, if one sex is absent, rare or sterile, it is the heterogametic sex (the one with two different sex chromosomes e.g. X and Y).
According to Wild Cats of the World (1975) by C. A. W. Guggisberg, ligers and tigons were long thought to be sterile; however, in 1943, a fifteen-year-old hybrid between a lion and an 'Island' tiger was successfully mated with a lion at the Munich Hellabrunn Zoo. The female cub, though of delicate health, was raised to adulthood.[21]
In September 2012, the Russian Novosibirsk Zoo announced the birth of a "liliger", which is the offspring of a liger mother and a lion father. The cub was named Kiara.[22]
Appearance
Ligers have a tiger-like striped pattern that is very faint upon a lionesque tawny background. In addition, they may inherit rosettes from the lion parent (lion cubs are rosetted and some adults retain faint markings). These markings may be black, dark brown or sandy. The background colour may be correspondingly tawny, sandy or golden. In common with tigers, their underparts are pale. The actual pattern and colour depend on which subspecies the parents were and on how the genes interact in the offspring.
White tigers have been crossed with lions to produce "white" (actually pale golden) ligers. In theory, white tigers could be crossed with white lions to produce white, very pale or even stripeless ligers. There are no black ligers. Very few melanistic tigers have ever been recorded, most being due to excessive markings (pseudo-melanism or abundism) rather than true melanism; no reports of black lions have ever been substantiated. As blue or Maltese tigers probably no longer exist, grey or blue ligers are exceedingly improbable. It is not impossible for a liger to be white, but it is very rare.
Zoo policies
Keeping the two species separate has been standard procedure.[citation needed] However, ligers have occurred and do occur by accident in captivity. Several AZA zoos are reported to have ligers.[citation needed]
Co-occurrence of parental species
As with the tigon, the liger exists only in captivity. Historically, the Asiatic lion and Bengal tiger co-occurred in some Asian countries, and there are legends of male lions mating with tigresses in the wilderness, or of ligers existing there.[3]
The Caspian tiger co-occurred with the lion in places like northern Iran and eastern Anatolia (Turkey).[23]
See also
References
This article incorporates text from messybeast.com, which is released under the GFDL.
Further reading
Although Apple.com has listed the BeatsX Earphones as not launching until sometime in February , a few tipsters emailing MacRumors have pointed out that Amazon updated their pre-orders to suggest that BeatsX will be arriving earlier than expected. The updated delivery windows are large, but both place the upcoming earphones with a January delivery date: one ranges from January 17 to January 27, and another from January 18 to January 30.Additionally, Fry's Electronics lists a shipping date on January 23 for BeatsX. Although that would fall in the window of Amazon's orders, the date is most likely a placeholder. Fry's was a part of a few retailers who suggested a December launch for BeatsX back in November -- a debut which the earphones obviously missed.On both Apple.com and the official Beats website, BeatsX are currently not available to pre-order. Apple describes the earphones as " currently unavailable " along with the general "Coming February" launch month. On the Beats website , users can opt in for an e-mail notification when BeatsX launches, but there is no purchase or order button option either.In terms of features, the $149.95 BeatsX Earphones include in-line volume and playback controls on a flex-form cable, along with multiple wingtip and eartip add-ons (four total) that the company says will ensure a secure and comfortable fit for each user. Each bud of the earphones is magnetic and attaches to the other when hanging around a user's neck, further ensuring BeatsX can't easily be lost when not listening to music. The earphones are also part of the new " Got No Strings " Beats advertising campaign.BeatsX were one of the W1-enabled earphones that Apple announced during its September 7 iPhone event, also including the AirPods, Powerbeats3, and Beats Solo3. The AirPods launched on December 13 and stock quickly dwindled , while the Beats Solo3 have been out since September, and the Powerbeats3 were available to order in October (Thanks David and Sandler77!)
A furious invisible war over our society is underway. New technologies to collect ‘netizens' private data pop up every week. So what is private now? Julian Assange asks his Cypherpunk guests: is the world's future tied to the Internet?
In Episode 8 of the Julian Assange Show, the host goes back to his hacker roots and sits down with members of the Cypherpunks movement to discuss the invisible battlefield: the Internet.
‘Total surveillance of every communication'
­Cypherpunks is a movement originating from Cypherpunks' Electronic Mailing List, which was set up by activists aiming to improve Internet privacy and security through proactive use of cryptography. The movement has been active since the late 1980s. WikiLeaks is one of the many projects derived from Cypherpunks.
Ten years ago spying on every voice call and internet connection seemed a paranoid fantasy, but now as prices drop this is no longer a plot for a cyberpunk novel.
“Technology enables total surveillance of every communication,” says Jeremie Zimmermann, from the French group La Quadrature du Net. Emails, video calls, social networks – the more users rely on the web, the more exposed they get.
“We communicate using the internet or mobile phones, which are now meshed to the internet. Military or intelligence agencies have control of that data and are studying it. This is some kind of militarization of civilian life,” points out Jacob Appelbaum, a well-known independent advocate for cyber freedoms, who represented the whistle-blowing website WikiLeaks at the Hope Conference in 2010.
‘Blurring privacy' over bucks
How about private surveillance and private mass collection of data? Not too unfeasible.
“Google knows more about you than you know yourself,” remarks Andy Muller-Maguhn, of the German hacker association Chaos Computer Club.
"Netizens" are happy to hand out any kind of personal data, and social networks make their business “by blurring this line between privacy, friends and publicity,” says Jeremie Zimmermann. As long as spying agencies have access to data stored by such networks, web companies risk becoming extensions of these agencies.
"It is about economics. [Web companies] have decided that it is more important to collaborate with the state and to sell out their users; and to violate privacy and to be paid back for being a part of the surveillance culture,” sighs Jacob Appelbaum.
­Cypherpunks' shield to privacy strike
Keeping your private data private is what the Cypherpunks movement is about. Assange's guests hope for an economic push for companies to develop tools that will give users the ability to control their data and communication.
“Force of authority is derived from violence. One must acknowledge with cryptography, no amount of violence will ever solve the math problem. And, this is the important key. It doesn't mean you can't be tortured, it doesn't mean that they can't try to bug your house or subvert it some way. But it means if they find an encrypted message, it doesn't matter if they have the force of the authority behind everything that they do, they cannot solve that math problem,” says Jacob Appelbaum.
Stay tuned and watch Part I of the “Cypherpunks” Episode of The Julian Assange Show on RT.
Moving immediately into the shade does not stop sun damage as UV rays can continue damaging skin cells hours after exposure
Damage to skin cells continues for hours after spending time in the sun, according to research that uncovers a new link between sun exposure and cancer.
The discovery that some of the most serious damage to skin cells may be occurring in the dark raises the prospect of new “evening after” lotions that would help limit the effect and reduce the risk of skin cancer.
Vitamin E was identified by scientists as a promising candidate for helping to “quench” the after-effects of a hot day at the beach.
Unexpectedly, the source of the “dark damage” was found to be melanin, the pigment in skin cells that normally acts as a shield against ultra-violet (UV) radiation.
Prof Douglas Brash, who led the research at Yale University, said: “If you look inside adult skin, melanin does act as a shield. But it is doing both good and bad things.”
The latest work reveals that UV light produces a cascade of chemical reactions, including the production of a “super bleach”, which reacts with melanin causing one of its electrons to be “excited”. The melanin then deposits its extra energy in the surrounding tissue. If a strand of DNA happens to be nearby, it can absorb the energy causing the double helix strand to bend, preventing the genetic code from being read correctly.
“Melanin participates in the DNA-damaging part of this reaction only for a few minutes, maybe only a few microseconds,” said Brash.
Exactly the same type of damage – called a cyclobutane dimer (CPD) – is already known to occur directly during sun exposure as the UV rays hit DNA strands and scramble the letters of the genetic code into mutations. The more mutations skin cells accumulate over time, the higher the likelihood that one of them will turn out to be cancerous.
However, until now, the damage was thought to stop as soon as a person took shelter in the shade.
The latest study, published in the journal Science, monitored skin cells to reveal that mutations carried on appearing for about four hours after a session of sun exposure equivalent to a “just perceptible” sunburn.
When the scientists investigated further they discovered melanin's crucial role in this process.
In the study, the scientists showed that potassium sorbate, a widely used food preservative, was effective at blocking the ongoing damage, although this isn't “what you'd want to put on your skin”, according to Brash. Vitamin E, which was also effective, would be a better candidate and might explain why it is so effective in suncreams and moisturisers. It was previously thought that vitamin E simply worked by blocking UVB rays.
Áine McCarthy, of Cancer Research UK said, “The discovery that UV radiation can continue to harm our DNA hours after exposure raises the possibility of developing future products that might reduce this ‘dark damage'. For now, the best way to cut your risk of skin cancer is to enjoy the sun safely and avoid sunbeds.”
About 100,000 people are diagnosed with non-melanoma skin cancer each year and about 13,500 with melanoma, which is rarer but causes far more deaths.
The findings could help explain the different risk factors for the two different types of skin cancer – melanoma is associated with brief intense sun exposures, the kind that cause blistering sunburn, whereas other skin cancers are normally linked to long-term moderate exposure. It is possible that more “dark damage” may occur depending on whether sunlight is absorbed over a longer time period.
Photo
Even the strictest of budget should allow for occasional splurges: a modest hotel room after a string of hostel bunks; a just-this-once late-night cab; a beer upgrade from P.B.R. to I.P.A. But some luxuries never enter the frugal equation. Take, for example, the restaurant tasting menu — those drawn-out dinners of 8 or 10 or 25 courses, exquisitely designed (and sometimes served) by the chef. Or so I've heard.
On my trip to South China this past winter, I finally found a tasting menu I could afford. It took some D.I.Y. initiative, but at a spot called Hubu Alley in Wuhan, I indulged in an eight-course meal that was a culinary tour of Hubei province. And all for just over $8 (52.5 renminbi, or $8.39 at 6.14 renminbi to the dollar, to be exact). A dollar a course? No tax, no tip? Beat that, Le Bernardin.
Hubu Alley isn't a restaurant – it's a T-shaped pedestrian area on the east side of the Yangtze, famed for the breakfast dishes sold by dozens of vendors from street carts and stalls. And designing my tasting menu could not have been more straightforward: I simply watched what other people were eating and followed suit.
So here it is: The 8-Course Hubu Alley Breakfast Tasting Menu.
Photo
Course 1: Re gan mian (4 renminbi) – These “hot dry noodles” are the local breakfast standard, the bacon and eggs (or bagel and cream cheese) of Wuhan, and the original reason I came to the alley. My preboiled noodles were flash-dunked in hot water, then mixed with sesame paste, scallions, soy sauce and a few other dashes of vegetables and liquids I couldn't identify. They were hearty, fresh and not too spicy. I could see why millions of Wuhan residents start their day with them.
Course 2: Dou pi (5 renminbi) – The No. 2 must-try breakfast in Wuhan is sticky rice mixed with other ingredients: vegetables and beans, in this case, wrapped in sheets of bean curd, then pan-fried until golden. The bean curd was tasty, but I discarded most of the rest; I'm just not Chinese enough to have both noodles and rice for breakfast.
Photo
Course 3: Xizang qingke bing (3.5 renminbi) – It was here, watching a man pull hot round flatbread covered in sesame seeds from what looked like a tandoor oven, that the idea for a tasting menu was born. I was already full enough to make it to lunch, but who can resist bread (Tibetan barley pancakes, actually) less than five seconds out of an oven? It was crispy around the edges, soft inside, and of course hot enough to burn the tongue and delicious enough to be worth it.
Course 4: Won ton soup (5 renminbi) – Important travel rule: if you see a line, get in it first, ask questions later. But in Wuhan, questions (like “Do you speak English?”) are met with blank stares, so here, the story unfolded as I waited. Customers at Jiangming Hundun Guan handed over money to a man in a cart as two women at a nearby table carefully filled thin dough with minced pork and twisted them into tortellini-size dumplings. The man, wearing an apron that read “Wuhan Flavor Street,” prepared bowls of minced greens, black pepper and a dash of MSG for each prepaid customer, then waited for the dumplings to boil. In came the broth, and finally a sieve full of soft, juicy dumplings, perfect for a cold Wuhan winter morning.
Photo
Course 5: Papaya juice (8 renminbi) — Several vendors sold colorful juices, made on site and served bubble tea style, with cups sealed with foil on site and then punctured by a straw wide enough to allow passage of tapioca pearls, though there were none in mine. Call it a palate cleanser.
Course 6: Fried frog (12 renminbi) – It was time for a break, so I wandered the “alley” and its even more alleylike spur of even more tightly packed vendors, passing by others walking and munching who knows what. A teenage girl passed by, and in her case, I knew what she was carrying: a frog, decapitated and fried but still very recognizable, splayed open on two skewers. Just a few stalls down was the frog vendor, a young woman with three metal trays stacked with skewered frogs, complete with webbed toes and meaty thighs. I pointed, she fried, and, with sign language, asked if I wanted it snipped in two demi-frog popsicles. I did. There was a surprising amount of meat (poultrylike, as you have probably heard) and a wicked amount of spice (the equivalent of extra-fiery Buffalo wings). I found myself gnawing at the vertebra and wondered why the French stop at the legs.
Photo
Course 7: Doughnut holes (5 renminbi) – Thinking I was done eating, I figured it was time for dessert. I'll call these doughnut holes because I don't know the name in Chinese (feel free to comment below) but they were neither Dunkin' Donuts cakey nor Krispy Kreme yeasty; instead, the outside felt a bit like an ultrathin layer of fiberglass (in a good way) and the inside was gooey and glutinous (in a very good way).
Course 8: Oysters (3 for 10 renminbi) – The doughnut-to-oyster shift should be done only under extreme circumstances, but these were those. Bloated, I attempted an exit, but noticed a crowd gathered around a man who was tending a narrow grill. I poked my head in, and saw he was spooning garlic onto oysters and scallops on the half-shell. (The scallops also got a bit of vermicelli.) The garlic mixed with the natural oyster juice and began to bubble. I had to make room for one last course.
Since there was no waiter to relay my message at the time, allow me to send one remotely: Gongxi chushi shouyigao! (That's Chinese for: My compliments to the chefs!)
Steam Autumn Sale Is Making A Major Change By William Usher Random Article Blend
According to the letter sent out by Valve, they state...
We'll still be highlighting your top games on the front page for 24-48 hour spans, but those products will stay at their most competitive discount, before and after being featured,
It's not a major change, but it does make the sale a lot more valuable for customers, and it allows us to build sale features that recommend your product all sale long, instead of just during its front page feature.
So what does this actually mean in the context of the day-to-day sales that Valve has running on Steam during the big autumn and winter extravaganza? Well, remember how during the Steam sales there would be a flash sale for maybe an hour or two for a game that was deeply discounted by 75%? Well those are gone. Also, remember how there was like an hour sale on a collection of games discounted by anywhere between 75% and 90% off? Well, those are gone, too.
The idea is that the sales for the games will be at a fixed price. So if a game is going to be 75% off it's going to stay 75% off. Ultimately Valve plans on alternating what games are featured on the front of the store page throughout the week long
The good part is that it means that if you were sleep or busy or working and you missed out on the flash deals or daily deals, you don't have to worry because if a game like
The bad part is that it means whatever fixed discount a game receives it's going to stay that way from start to finish. It means developers and publishers will have to think critically about how deep they want to discount a game throughout the sales term. So a game like
Of course, we won't know how this all plays out until we see it in action, and we won't have to wait long given that the sale gets underway on November 25th. One of the big gimmicks of the Valve fall and winter sales was that there were these daily deals that occurred every eight or so hours, as well as flash deals that happened periodically. Those deals will be gone for the next two Steam sales, starting with the autumn sale that commences on November 25th. Eurogamer managed to get their hands on a statement that Valve has sent out to developers and publishers regarding the major change they're making to their end of the year sales, which kicks off on November 25th and ends on December 1st. The winter sale will run from December 22nd up until January 4th.According to the letter sent out by Valve, they state...So what does this actually mean in the context of the day-to-day sales that Valve has running on Steam during the big autumn and winter extravaganza? Well, remember how during the Steam sales there would be a flash sale for maybe an hour or two for a game that was deeply discounted by 75%? Well those are gone. Also, remember how there was like an hour sale on a collection of games discounted by anywhere between 75% and 90% off? Well, those are gone, too.The idea is that the sales for the games will be at a fixed price. So if a game is going to be 75% off it's going to stay 75% off. Ultimately Valve plans on alternating what games are featured on the front of the store page throughout the week long Steam sales. In a way this could be good and bad.The good part is that it means that if you were sleep or busy or working and you missed out on the flash deals or daily deals, you don't have to worry because if a game like The Walking Dead gets marked down to 75% off it's going to stay that way all the way through the sales event. So even if you missed a day or two of the Steam sale, you could always hop in on day three and pick up The Walking Dead for 75% off.The bad part is that it means whatever fixed discount a game receives it's going to stay that way from start to finish. It means developers and publishers will have to think critically about how deep they want to discount a game throughout the sales term. So a game like DayZ being discounted by say 33% will stay at 33% until the sale ends. You won't have a flash deal where you might dip back in and find it discounted by 50%. It also means that if a game like GTA V is only discounted by 40% there won't be any other cuts to the game and you'll just have to stick with that 40% discount, which may or may not be enough to entice some gamers to spend big money during the Steam sale.Of course, we won't know how this all plays out until we see it in action, and we won't have to wait long given that the sale gets underway on November 25th. Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
He built his miniature submarine secretly in Australia , and already it has outdone all other watercraft in its ability to ferry people through the deep's crushing pressures. As with the birth of the private space rocket industry, where commercial companies are building ships to take astronauts aloft, the debut of Mr. Cameron's submarine signals the rising importance of entrepreneurs in the global race to advance science and technology.
His goal with his next dive is to tackle a much older record. A half century ago, in a technical feat never equaled, the United States Navy sent two men down nearly seven miles into the Challenger Deep, their vehicle 60 feet long. A window cracked on the way down. The landing stirred up so much ooze that the divers could see little through the portholes, took no pictures and began their ascent after just 20 minutes on the seabed.
Mr. Cameron's bid is to be unveiled Thursday in Washington by the National Geographic Society , where he holds the title of Explorer-in-Residence. Both the society, which is helping pay for the expedition, and Mr. Cameron took pains to characterize the effort as purely scientific rather than competitive.
It comes as a number of wealthy men — including Richard Branson of the Virgin empire and the Internet guru Eric E. Schmidt — are building or financing miniature submarines meant to transport them, their friends and scientists into the remotest parts of the world's oceans, including the Challenger Deep.
Mr. Cameron will collect samples for research in biology, microbiology, astrobiology, marine geology and geophysics. “The science is paramount,” Ellen Stanley, a National Geographic spokeswoman, said in an interview. “We're out to learn what's down there.”
Photo
Mr. Cameron called his venture “very different from going down and planting a flag” — a seeming reference to how Russian explorers in 2007 put a flag on the seabed under the North Pole. Their deed was meant to strengthen Moscow 's claims to nearly half the Arctic seabed.
The Challenger Deep is in the Mariana Trench, the deepest of the many seabed recesses that crisscross the globe. Over the decades, biologists have glimpsed their unfamiliar inhabitants mainly by lowering dredges on long lines. Up have come thousands of strange-looking worms and sea cucumbers. More recently, robot cameras have spied ghostly fish with sinuous tails.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Aboard Mr. Cameron's expedition is Douglas Bartlett, a professor of marine microbial genetics at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography, an arm of the University of California at San Diego . Last year, Dr. Bartlett led a team that dropped cameras into the Mariana Trench and observed giant amoebas — a first in the inhospitable zone. Known as xenophyophores, these mysterious life forms consist of a single cell and appear able to grow to the size of a fist. Scientists find them exclusively in the deep sea.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
National Geographic said the public would be able to follow Mr. Cameron's expedition at www.deepseachallenge.com. It described the project's main science collaborator as Scripps, followed by the University of Hawaii , NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory and the University of Guam. The film director has long exhibited a fascination with the deep sea, making “The Abyss” (1989), “Titanic” (1997) and a number of documentaries about lost ships, including “Bismarck” (2002) and “Ghosts of the Abyss” (2003), a 3-D tour of the Titanic 's interior. National Geographic said that Mr. Cameron had now made a total of 76 submersible dives, including 33 to the famous luxury liner.
The crew capsules of submersibles are made small to better withstand tons of crushing pressure, and thus have no amenities. Mr. Cameron's solo model is unusually small, its inner diameter less than four feet.
He said the vehicle over all had many cameras but only one thick porthole, its inner diameter three inches. He described the craft as a “vertical torpedo,” meant to fall and rise quickly so as to maximize time for exploring the seabed.
“You'd be an idiot not to be apprehensive, but I trust the design,” Mr. Cameron said as he contemplated his impending dive. “You're going into one of the most unforgiving places on earth.”
He said the deaths early last month of his two crew members, Mike deGruy and Andrew Wight — both celebrated filmmakers who specialized in carrying viewers into the sea's depths — initially prompted him to want to scrap the expedition. The two were preparing to film a sea trial of the Deepsea Challenger when their helicopter went down shortly after takeoff from an airstrip south of Sydney , Australia.
“It was a horrible day,” Mr. Cameron recalled. “We felt sick at heart. It caused us to question risk and the meaning of life. I personally did not want to continue at that point, but the team rallied.”
Mr. Cameron said the project, if successful, will result not only in a number of new scientific findings but two documentary films — one a 3-D production for wide-screen theaters, and the other a National Geographic TV special.
He said that he would take some protein bars with him for the historic dive, but that much of his space was taken up with digital recording decks.
“It's full of electronics,” Mr. Cameron said. “It's tight, like a Mercury space capsule.”
https://www.lewrockwell.com/lrc-blog/barbara-2012-and-the-growing-american-police-state/
Last night, I watched Barbara (2012), a movie that's set in East Germany in 1980. It captures the police state atmosphere of that country fantastically, the suspicion, spying, distrust, the lack of privacy, ordinary people coopted into spying on one another, feeling of constantly being observed, no music, everyone guarding their statements and conversations, gloominess.
The main thought I have is that an American or British or you-name-it country's police state of 2014 doesn't have to look like the East German one; and yet it can still be a police state. Life, history, people, societies, technology, aims and circumstances are all so variable that the outcomes need not mirror precisely the past. And yet there can be enough that is common to produce the same result: fear, suppression of the person and personality, control and other negative feelings and consequences in people.
One IMDb reviewer from Norway visited East Germany and writes
“I visited Eastern Germany 1988, before the wall came down…I visited the concentration camp Sachsenhausen, and I experienced the railways where there was no smile to see, the feel of total depression and bleak or hardly any colored lights, as an opposite to the sparkling neon lights of the West, and the total surveillance of the center of Berlin. No western lyrics and western music was allowed, hardly any Western cars. If it could have any kind of opposition interpreted into it, or dreams of the Western freedom, it was disallowed. If you tried to flee to the West, you would be instantly shot! I was terrified for four hours in my last trip back to Western Berlin was halted for four hours when they took my passport and ran away with it.”
This person then makes a comment about today, presumably in Norway:
“Today it seems we're not afraid of being under constant surveillance. This is just another reminder of how terrible it is not to have a free will, and not have the right to your own life. It's so inhumane and humiliating. But we're in our way right into the same kind of society.”
Another thought is this: Why does a police state occur? Why are a number of western countries going in that direction? Why in America specifically?
I haven't thought about this question much. Some first thoughts.
The East Germans who ran the government had an idea about how society should be organized, and contrary ideas could not be tolerated as they set about constructing it. Utopian blueprints derived from the ideas and intellects of various people, alive and dead, were implemented by a set of us imperfect human beings in inhumane and coercive ways. Bureaucracies and police forces were built up. A spying apparatus was set up. After a while, this takes on a life of its own as these organizations secure their finance. Their parasitism becomes institutionalized. The individual can't fight them. All of this is evil and motivated in a variety of ways inside those building the police state. We don't get all that far in stopping it, however, in labeling it as evil or seeking to understand their evil motives. It has to be stopped institutionally.
I actually believe that the process is even more insidious in America. The ideas are implemented through laws and courts in which justices at lower levels see them as “right” for society. In other words, there is a diffusion of wrong rulings that replaces the right rulings that a healthy society requires. Justice is turned upside down. In fact, the very idea that there exists a “right justice” loses currency. Instead, the justices think they are being pragmatic and benefiting society as they attempt to shape society's rules. It doesn't take many important but perverse decisions, however, at the highest levels of the courts that endorse bad laws, in order to undermine a society.
This police state growth is happening in America, and there is no doubt in this assessment, I believe. There are people in control of governments and businesses who have strong ideas about how America should be guided and they have the power to implement their visions and suppress contrary visions. There is enormous spying. There are secret courts. There is continual chipping away at rights by major courts. There is confusion about right justice. There are now numerous police forces, including some national ones. They are well funded. Major segments of society are increasingly being regimented and controlled: media, education, travel. Speech is under attack. Assembly is under attack. See John Whitehead's article “Free Speech, R.I.P.: A Relic of the American Past.”
Among the worst processes is the control of education and indoctrination of young people. Wendy McElroy's post on the Common Core is a terrific eye-opener. She has a stunning excerpt of a teaching material that is teaching about possessive nouns but uses political indoctrination in doing so. It has these sentences:
1. The job of a president is not easy.
2. The people of a nation do not always agree.
3. The choices of a president affect everyone.
4. He makes sure the laws of the country are fair.
5. The commands of government officials must be obeyed by all.
6. The wants of an individual are less important than the well-being of the nation.
This process and its outcomes are not going to look exactly like East Germany. That is the deceptive part of it. People will constantly shrug off warnings because there is still so much freedom. However, in both cases, what happens at the foundation of the police state is that bad laws are put on the books and approved by the courts. The people at large either are powerless to overturn these laws due to the political arrangements or else tolerate them or even endorse them. The American system has hardened into a case where overturning bad laws through the ordinary process of electing people dedicated to that task is well-nigh impossible. It's going to take some extraordinary processes to wipe the bad laws off the books and reset the basic political arrangements. In the meantime, the police state is growing.
9:32 am on March 9, 2014
The Best of Michael S. Rozeff
Image copyright Tom Corser www.tomcorser.com Image caption Bagpipes: not safe for playing while driving
New Zealand police were surprised to find a man apparently playing the bagpipes while driving his car in the city of Dunedin, it's reported.
Acting Sergeant Bryce Johnson was conducting a routine check when he noticed a driver with his hands on something other than the steering wheel.
"His fingers were going a million miles an hour. And I'm certain I could see a black-type instrument, which looked like a clarinet," he said, according to the Stuff.co.nz website.
Some mainstream New Zealand reports have the unnamed driver playing the clarinet-like chanter of a set of bagpipes.
But Stuff says the self-confessed piper was only playing an "air guitar" version of the pipes. The police found no chanter or any other musical instrument in the car, the site adds.
Either way, the driver was one of five motorists who got off with a warning during the hour-long check on Crawford Street, whiles an unlucky eight others received tickets for various offences.
Sergeant Johnson advised the public to resist mobile phones or any other distractions while driving, and to "keep both hands on the wheel at all times".
Image copyright James Dignan/Wikimedia Commons Image caption Dunedin, which is the Scottish Gaelic name for "Edinburgh", welcomes careful drivers
Reporting by Alistair Coleman and Martin Morgan
Next story: Albania cleans up war graves after decades of neglect
Use #NewsfromElsewhere to stay up-to-date with our reports via Twitter.
Today is the Raspberry Pi's fourth birthday, and along with birthday wishes, we're welcoming their newest board. Almost exactly a year after the arrival of the Raspberry Pi 2, say hello to the new Raspberry Pi 3, Model B. The new board is the first 64-bit Raspberry Pi, and comes with built-in Wi-Fi and Bluetooth.
The Specs
Quad-core 64-bit ARM Cortex A53 clocked at 1.2 GHz
Roughly 50% faster than Raspberry Pi 2
802.11n Wireless LAN
Bluetooth 4.1 (including Bluetooth Low Energy)
400MHz VideoCore IV multimedia
1GB LPDDR2-900 SDRAM (i.e. 900MHz)
Priced at $35
(Find the board that is right for your project in the interactive Make: Board Guide)
Intended not just as a desktop replacement, but also to be used in embedded projects, the Pi 3 has been deliberately designed as an evolution rather than a revolution for the Raspberry Pi platform. Which makes a lot of sense.
With over 8 million Raspberry Pi boards now sold, keeping backwards compatibility is important to the Foundation. That's a lot of users and teaching materials. In fact, backwards compatibility was one of the things that Eben Upton, the founder of Raspberry Pi, emphasised when we sat down and talked to him about the new board in the run up to today's launch, and it's the driver behind many of the design decisions for the board.
The new Pi is fast
On the surface, the new board looks almost exactly the same as its predecessor. But while it keeps the same $35 price tag, a lot has changed under the surface. Dropping the ARM v7 architecture of the Raspberry Pi 2, this is the first 64-bit Raspberry Pi, with a quad-core 64-bit ARM Cortex A53 clocked at 1.2GHz.
Board Dhrystone (MIPS) Whetstone (MWIPS) Sysbench CPU (sec) Model B+ 847.11 232.558 510.81 Model A+ 863.17 236.858 502.42 Zero 1237.29 340.498 349.43 Pi 2 Single-threaded 1671.58 437.212 293.08 Multi-threaded 76.28 Pi 3 Single-threaded 2458.1 711.363 182.225 Multi-threaded 49.02 Benchmarking results for the Raspberry Pi boards. Credit: The MagPi Magazine.
That makes the new BCM2837 more than 50% faster than the Raspberry Pi 2, and almost ten times faster than the original Model B. Although that performance does come at a cost, the new Raspberry Pi 3 draws half-again more power than the old Raspberry Pi 2.
Model B+ Model A+ Zero Pi 2 Pi 3 Idle (Amps) 0.25 0.11 0.1 0.26 0.31 Loaded (Amps) 0.31 0.17 0.25 0.42 0.58 Power draw results for the Raspberry Pi boards. Credit: The MagPi Magazine.
However the Raspberry Pi 3 seems to have crossed a performance threshold. Despite not increasing the 1GB of on-board RAM provided by the Raspberry Pi 2, the new board seems to have become “good enough” to replace a desktop PC for most people, most of the time.
The BCM2837 powering the new board is a direct evolution from the BCM2836 used for the Raspberry Pi 2, and the BCM2835 used on the original board and the Raspberry Pi Zero.
“Although it is a 64‐bit core, we're using it as just a faster 32‐bit core” — Eben Upton
Backwards compatibility between the boards is seen as vital by the Foundation.
The new Pi is connected
Perhaps the biggest change is that the new Raspberry Pi 3 comes with both built-in Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 4.1. That means that the new board will support Bluetooth “Classic” and, somewhat more usefully, Bluetooth LE. Which makes the new Raspberry Pi not just a desktop replacement, but a perfect hub for the emerging Internet of Things.
While you could always add Wi-Fi and Bluetooth USB dongles to the Raspberry Pi, building the hardware into the board simplifies everything. Previously, it would cost another $20 on top of the price of the Raspberry Pi to add third-party Wi-Fi and Bluetooth LE USB adaptors; bringing the radio onboard eliminates that cost, and also gets rid of incompatible hardware and driver issues.
Almost inevitably, news of the new Raspberry Pi 3 was leaked ahead of time, rumors started to appear almost two weeks ahead of today's official launch. But like many modern technical products it was the unavoidable FCC filing for the board that gave the game away, although I'm not sure the Foundation will forgive CPC for letting people actually order the board ahead of the launch all that quickly.
We've been hands-on with the new Raspberry Pi board here at Make: for a couple of weeks, and we've found the new board to be really stable, and fast. That said, while we've been testing, the board support for Wi-Fi and Bluetooth were still being worked on fairly heavily by the Foundation, and support for the onboard Bluetooth hardware still won't be available on launch day — although it should be available soon afterward.
We also ran into one problem with the onboard Wi-Fi that only occurred whilst running the new board in headless mode. This ended up being caused by a power-saving mode on the connectivity chip. Effectively the board became unresponsive in headless mode if it was connected to the network only via Wi-Fi.
“We'll be shipping a patch at some point to give people the option to disable the power saving.” — Eben Upton
In the meantime, if you're running the board headless remember to enable keep-alive in your ssh client or you'll run into a similar problem.
Looking at the hardware
Apart from the position of the LEDs, and the new radio chip and antenna — located between the display connector and the GPIO headers — the new board looks very similar to the Raspberry Pi 2. However there are a few interesting things to make note of about the new hardware that might not be immediately obvious from an initial inspection.
Many manufacturers use a pre-built ‘module' to add a wireless capability, which means they can rely on the certification of the module to get their board to market. However the new Raspberry Pi's wireless radio chip is soldered directly onto the board. While this means that the new board had to be FCC certified, a big upfront cost, it's a lot cheaper in the long run and simplifies production if you build enough boards. We figure that there will be enough Raspberry Pi 3 boards produced that the Foundation made the sensible choice here.
The camera-shy Raspberry Pi 2 suffered problems with the switched mode power supply (SMPS) chip on the board, which turned out to be photosensitive. Too much light, such as from flash photography, caused fluctuation in the power supply and made the board reset. Looking at the shiny BCM43438 radio chip, it also lacks any encapsulation, so it's possible that there may be a similar sort of problem. However, it's noticeable that the SMPS chip on the new board is safely encapsulated.
The other interesting thing on the back of the board, right next to the wireless radio chip, is something that looks like an unpopulated UFL antenna, labelled J13 on the silk screen. You can just see the board's antenna in the image above on the flip side of the board directly below the unpopulated contacts.
While we're not going to get any support from the Foundation — it would break the terms of their FCC certification to document it — I'm looking forward to the first hack to add a cantenna to the Raspberry Pi either by desoldering the on-board antenna, or making use of those unpopulated pads on the back of the board. Cheap long range Wi-Fi is just a Pringle's can away.
Interestingly the BCM43438 that the new Raspberry Pi 3 uses to provide Wi-Fi and Bluetooth also has an FM receiver. Whether that's been disconnected in hardware, or just unsupported in software, is something I'm really interested in finding out. Building an FM radio from a Raspberry Pi may suddenly have gotten a lot easier.
In closing
I think there will, inevitably, be a lot of complaints about the direction that the Raspberry Pi Foundation has taken with the new board. People will complain that the Foundation has failed to increase the memory on the board from 1GB. There will be complaints that the onboard Ethernet is still tied to the USB controller, or that the new Wi-Fi is only single band. To these people I'll point out that backwards compatibility matters a lot more to the Foundation than it does to you.
With 8 million boards in circulation, and a mission to further education, the Foundation really cares that the code and binary blobs that ran on the original Raspberry Pi still runs, four years later, on the new Raspberry Pi 3. The educational mission behind the Raspberry Pi is often overlooked by the maker community, but it is the driver behind the release of this board.
In the run up to today's launch we sat down and talked with Eben Upton, the founder of Raspberry Pi, about the board, and the huge community that has grown up around it over the last four years.
The new board is available today, and costs $35.
236 SHARES Share Tweet
Major parts of Scotland's vital infrastructure are under threat from coastal erosion and flooding, according to the latest government assessments of the dangers of climate pollution.
Thousands of homes and businesses and long stretches of roads and railway lines are at risk. So are power stations, wind farms, sewers, bridges, farmland, golf courses and many other crucial facilities.
Seabirds, fish and plants are endangered, as well as butterflies, food crops and peat bogs. Scotland can expect more rain, more droughts, more storms, more wild fires, more landslides, more pests and more diseases – and snow is disappearing from the mountains.
As evidence mounts of the multiple risks climate change poses to people and wildlife, 2017 is predicted to be another record hot year. And one of Scotland's leading climate experts is warning that the world is facing the catastrophe of “runaway” climate change because pollution is damaging nature.
A study earlier this month for the Scottish Government warned that the rate of coastal erosion around Scotland has doubled since the 1970s. Researchers identified 30,000 buildings, 1,300 kilometres of roads and 100 kilometres of railway lines “close to potentially erodible coasts”.
The impact of climate-driven coastal erosion was “potentially devastating”, they said. By 2050 at least 50 buildings, seven kilometres of roads and railways, airport runways, wildlife and archaeological sites could be damaged.
According to the government conservation agency, Scottish Natural Heritage, more than 20 coastal golf courses have already acknowledged erosion problems. These include golf links in the Western Isles, Highland, Dumfries and Galloway – and Donald Trump's controversial resort in the sand dunes at Menie in Aberdeenshire.
Another report for the UK Committee on Climate Change highlighted the threats posed by climate change to infrastructure, farming and wildlife in Scotland. An estimated 180,000 residential properties are currently at risk from flooding, with the number predicted to rise as the climate deteriorates.
The report warned of a 50 per cent increase in sewer flooding over the next few decades as the system is inundated by heavy rain. It flagged up risks to electricity generation, transport and other key networks.
It is likely that 2017 will be globally one of the warmest three years since 1850 Professor Simon Tett, University of Edinburgh
About 150,000 hectares of arable farmland were said to be at high risk from river flooding, and an estimated seven per cent of Scotland's prime agricultural land was within flood risk areas.
Paradoxically, there could also be water shortages. Up to half of Scotland's prime agricultural land will be at moderate to severe risk of drought by the 2050s, particularly in Tayside and Fife, the report said, and water use is likely to be restricted.
Higher temperatures could boost the spread of livestock diseases, including foot and mouth, bluetongue and liver fluke. “Serious epidemics predicted to become the norm by the 2020s, especially in the north and west of the country,” warned the report.
It forecast a big increase in forest fires, as well as major impacts on migratory birds, fish and mountain plants. There was a “significant risk” for iconic species such as ptarmigan and mountain hares and “the possibility of no snow cover below 900 metres by the 2080s.”
The report predicted that mean summertime temperatures in Scotland would rise by up to 4.5 degrees centigrade by the 2050s, while winter rain could increase by up to 30 per cent. The sea level around Edinburgh is expected to rise by between 20 and 40 centimetres by 2090.
Experts are predicting that 2017 will end up being one of the world's hottest. “Though we only have global observations to June, it is likely that 2017 will be globally one of the warmest three years since 1850,” said Simon Tett, professor of earth system dynamics at the University of Edinburgh.
According to NASA, 2016 was the world's hottest year since records started, with the next two hottest being 2015 and 2014. Scotland's hottest year so far was 2014, and last winter was the fourth warmest on record.
The ten hottest years
The world since 1880
Scotland since 1910 2016 2014 2015 2006 2014 2003 2010 2007 2013 2004 2005 2005 2009 2011 1998 1997 2012 2002 2007 1945
“Globally 2017 looks like being even hotter than 2016, and so could be the fourth year in a row to be the hottest ever,” said Dr Richard Dixon, director of Friends of the Earth Scotland.
“Our weather is becoming more extreme and more unpredictable, all of which is bad news for people trying to get on with their lives and brings major challenges for Scotland's wildlife.”
Dixon urged Scottish ministers to toughen their target to cut climate pollution to zero by 2040 instead of by 90 per cent by 2050. “This would not only help protect people here at home but aid the global struggle to stop climate change reaching catastrophic levels,” he said.
Dr Sam Gardner, acting director of WWF Scotland, pointed out that extreme weather events had been breaking climate records around the globe. “Climate change is already having real and serious impacts on people, places and nature, both in Scotland and around the world,” he said.
‘Nature is damaged'
One of the biggest fears is that complex feedback loops could accelerate changes, and make climate disruption impossible to control. Scientists say this would lead to more floods, droughts and heatwaves threatening millions around the planet.
Evidence that this is already happening has been uncovered by Professor James Curran, a renowned climate scientist and the former chief executive of the Scottish Environment Protection Agency. He thinks that nature is losing its ability to store carbon and slow global warming.
He has studied data from the world's best record of carbon dioxide (CO2) in the atmosphere at Mauna Loa Observatory on Hawaii. He looked at the annual drop in CO2 concentrations every spring and summer in the northern hemisphere to estimate how effectively trees and plants were capturing carbon.
Leaves absorb CO2 as they grow and feed carbon compounds into the soil, a vital natural process that helps store pollutants that would otherwise disrupt the climate. It had been thought that additional growth triggered by carbon emissions might help reduce climate change.
According to Curran, this happened until 2006 but since then natural carbon capture has been in decline. “Excessive heat, droughts, wildfires, pests and diseases, wind storms and floods can damage natural vegetation and crops to such an extent that their ability to absorb carbon begins to decline,” he said.
This is what may, ultimately, create runaway or uncontrollable climate change Professor James Curran
“This is a possible early warning of very serious and concerning positive feedback. This is what may, ultimately, create runaway or uncontrollable climate change.”
Curran has published two peer-reviewed studies in the UK Royal Meteorological Society's journal, Weather. He concludes that the declining ability of natural vegetation to absorb carbon is responsible for 30 per cent of global emissions.
He pointed out that carbon dioxide levels were rising faster than ever, despite man-made emissions flat-lining for the past three years. “It's because nature is damaged and can no longer absorb as much as it used to,” he said.
“Ecosystems across the world are failing and are no longer so capable of sucking carbon out of the atmosphere. Climate change will begin to accelerate, despite our best efforts to reduce emissions, unless we urgently rebuild and reinvigorate our natural systems.”
A recent analysis by the conservation group, WWF, concluded that there had been a 58 per cent decline in world populations of fish, birds, mammals and other animals between 1970 and 2012. Another study showed that 700 species of endangered mammals and birds had already been negatively impacted by climate change.
Curran is calling for Scotland to take a lead in restoring nature by joining up its two national parks around Loch Lomond and the Cairngorms. Ministers should consider reconnecting natural habitats “all the way from Balloch to Grantown, then look, beyond that, to link across to Lochaber and the Tummell and Tay valleys,” he said.
“It's really urgent and I think Scotland has the knowledge, the will, and the potential to do it.”
The Scottish Government accepted that the impacts of climate change were intensifying. “Our climate change adaptation programme is ensuring that Scotland is well prepared and resilient to our changing climate,” said a spokesperson.
“Our proposals for a new climate change bill include an emissions reduction target of at least 90 per cent by 2050, strengthening Scotland's place as a leading low-carbon economy.”
A version of this article was published in the Sunday Herald on 27 August 2017. Photo thanks to pxhere via CC by 2.0.
Malek Fahd Islamic College takes parents to court over $490 in fees four years after expelling student
Updated
An Islamic school that expelled a supposedly poorly performing student in a bid to bolster its year 12 rankings is pursuing his parents for school fees four years after he left.
Malek Fahd Islamic College in Sydney's west will take the Afyouni family to the small claims court this month over $490 in school fees dating back to 2011.
The school asked the couple's son to leave in 2011 because his academic performance was "deemed insufficient".
It is understood the once prestigious school determined the student was unlikely to get a university entrance rank above 80 and asked him to leave.
Do you know more about this story? Email investigations@abc.net.au
The incident happened three years after the same school made front page news in 2008 for sending poorly performing students to TAFE to bolster its HSC rankings.
Reports from staff and families suggest the school no longer engages in this practice, but the case shows Malek Fahd continued to manipulate its rankings years after it was first exposed.
Despite the school's decision to ask the boy to leave, it is still pursuing his parents for $490 in school fees for his final term of year 10.
It sent debt collectors to the family home and it will take the parents to small claims court next month over what is now a $1,000 bill once legal fees are counted.
A statement of claim lodged with the civil court states that the boy did not attend any classes in term four of year 10 and only undertook his final school tests.
Mr Afyouni said in his statement of claim to the court the school's actions were "astonishing and unjustifiable".
His son had the been the youngest of four siblings to attend the school and had been there since primary school.
"I have never failed to pay any school fees nor denied any request from Malek Fahd to make any payment for any school expense," Mr Afyouni said.
"Malek Fahd Islamic School's action to deny [him] the opportunity to finish schooling where he has been since primary school has caused major disruption in his life and killed any desire he had to complete a university degree."
Documents tendered to the court included a letter from Belmore Boys High confirming Mr Afyouni's son started school there in November, 2011.
He is now doing a plumbing apprenticeship.
The family said it would fight the claim because they were angry the school could expel their son and still bill them.
Malek Fahd Islamic School is among a number of schools run by the Australian Federation of Islamic Councils (AFIC).
AFIC has come under fire in recent months amid allegations of financial mismanagement, staff sackings and introduction of hardline views at some schools.
Topics: courts-and-trials, education, schools, chullora-2190
First posted
by Jacob Crawford and Dave Id
Image by Elijah Nouvelage
Twelve people injured by the Oakland police department during Occupy Oakland demonstrations have settled a federal civil rights lawsuit with the city of Oakland for a total of $1.17 million. The injuries came as a result of OPD's violent response to Occupy Oakland on October 25 and November 2, 2011. The settlement in the Campbell vs. City of Oakland case comes on the heals of another $1 million settlement still pending final approval,
Spalding vs.City of Oakland.
Photo by Dave Id
As a result of both cases, OPD has agreed to allow the federal court to enforce OPD's compliance with its own crowd control policy and to negotiate with the National Lawyers Guild (NLG) and ACLU before making any changes to the policy, which prohibits police from shooting “less lethal” impact munitions or tossing explosive teargas grenades into crowds, and prohibits mass arrests without warning or opportunity to disperse.
The videos below document the cases of four of the Occupy Oakland plaintiffs in two separate incidents. The videos reveal police violence through the video of plaintiffs, witnesses, and never­before­seen Oakland police chest cameras.
While there were many incidents investigated in the Occupy Oakland Campbell lawsuit, the following two incidents of police violence have similarities that underscore serious problems within the Oakland Police Department.
The first video below is of Scott Campbell being shot by a lead­shot filled beanbag round following Oakland's General Strike on the night of November 2, 2011.
In the case of Scott Campbell, the command to shoot anyone crossing an invisible line is illegitimate. How could people know they were in harm's way? Less than lethal weapons are supposedly intended for situations where violence is taking place and the officer needs to defend themselves and other officers. This is simply not the case with Scott Campbell. As you can see in the video Scott is not approaching the line, but rather walking parallel to it. As you can see Oakland police officer Victor Garcia waits until Campbell is almost out of view to fire at him. Not because Campbell suddenly takes a turn towards the police line, or poses a threat, but Garcia fires at him because he can see that Campbell was just an inch over the invisible line marked by a roll of toilet paper. Garcia didn't shoot to defend or protect, he shot because he knew he could get away with it by deliberately misinterpreting his commander's order to fire at anyone who crossed the invisible line.
The second video below is of the violent arrests of Brooke Anderson, Max Alper, and Kevin Christensen following the raid of Occupy Oakland on the morning of October 25, 2011.
Those people attacked and arrested had done nothing wrong. You can see Oakland police officer Cesar Garcia goes into the crowd with his baton ready, and ends up striking Max Alper several times. Then later he is caught on video visibly upset that he has to document his use of force in a report because he “jabbed one of the fat things friendly.”
After you have watched both videos, consider:
1. Both Garcias have been in multiple officer involved shootings. Victor Garcia has shot two people as well as an arthritic dog that posed no threat. Cesar Garcia has also been in multiple officer involved shootings. (see Jones vs Oakland reference at http://www.indybay.org/newsitems/2013/02/06/18731467.php)
2. Both officers were under the command of officers who have been involved in shootings. Oakland police Captain Ersie Joyner has been in involved in five shootings, one with Cesar Garcia in fact, and Oakland police lieutenant Fred Mestas has been involved in at least two shootings.
3. Both Garcias showed premeditation in their acts of violence. Victor Garcia knowing the order was to shoot anyone who crossed the invisible line, trained his gun on Scott Campbell as he walked parallel to the line and waited until he saw that Campbell was just an inch past the line before shooting. Cesar Garcia was the only cop who had his baton out ready to swing when Lt Mestas ordered the arrests.
4. In both incidents, both officers used excessive violence not merely because they are violent officers but, more importantly, because they knew they could get away with it. Joyner and Mestas were both responsible for the incidents and the actions of
their subordinates.
While the both Garcia's need to be held accountable for their actions, both Joyner and Mestas should be held to even higher standards as commanding officers. But in Oakland as you can see, you're more likely to be promoted if you shoot people. . .
National Lawyers Guild Press release
And check out the National Lawyers Guild's settlement with OPD for wrongfully arresting Oscar Grant Protesters in 2010
Right Here
If you like what you have seen or read feel free to
Like us at https://www.facebook.com/WeCopwatch
Donate at https://www.wepay.com/donations/wecopwatch
Check out more of out content at http://wecopwatch.org/
Watch Videos at http://www.youtube.com/WeCopwatch
Check up on us at https://twitter.com/WeCopwatch
Spread this like fire! Facebook
Twitter
Like this: Like Loading...
Andrew Kreisberg just finished up his Winter TCA Panel, touching on the news that Kevin Smith (Mallrats, Dogma) would be delivering an episode of The Flash. He added that just because Smith and Mark Hamill are good friends, that doesn't mean The Trickster will be returning in Smith's episode. When asked about the return of another villain, Kreisberg stated that Grodd won't be back this season but that doesn't mean he's gone for good. In fact, Kreisberg's comments could be taken to mean that Grodd will become a primary antagonist for The Flash in a future season.
"I would liken the Gorilla City thing to Ra's al Ghul. You know, you hear about “the man from Nanda Par Bat” in [Arrow] Season 1, and “the man who showed Malcolm the way,” and then you met Nyssa, then in Season 3 you met Ra's. So, it's a long-term thing."
The Flash returns from mid-season hiatus on Januray 18th at 8/7c on The CW.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Luxury hotels bearing Donald Trump's name grace some of the world's ritziest locations, including New York, Waikiki, and Rio. There is one outlier: the Trump Hotel and Tower in Baku, the capital of oil-rich Azerbaijan. And the story of this particular deal involves an unconventional and controversial business ally. Trump's partner in the venture is Anar Mammadov, a 34-year-old billionaire playboy whose father serves as Azerbaijan's transportation minister. According to media reports and opposition critics in the tiny Caucasian country—which is considered one of the world's most corrupt regimes—Mammadov's wealth has resulted in part from his father's political connections. Meanwhile, Mammadov has mounted a campaign to rehabilitate Azerbaijan's kleptocratic image in the West by courting some of Washington's most powerful politicians.
Fueled by billions of dollars reaped from the country's oil and gas fields, Baku has transformed over the last decade into a city of flamboyant excess and garish architecture. The latest addition to the glittering skyline is the Trump Tower, a 33-floor luxury hotel in the shape of a sail, which was originally slated to open last month. A hotel spokeswoman said it would open by the end of the year.
“Trump International Hotel & Tower Baku represents the unwavering standard of excellence of The Trump Organization and our involvement in only the best global development projects,” Trump said when the venture was announced in 2014. “When we open in 2015, visitors and residents will experience a luxurious property unlike anything else in Baku—it will be among the finest in the world.”
Like many of the buildings that bear his name, the hotel in Baku is not owned by Trump. In this case, the building was constructed and is owned by a company called Garant, which is controlled by Mammadov. But Trump has earned lucrative management fees for lending his name and expertise to the project. According to the recent financial disclosure he filed in conjunction with his presidential bid, he received at least $2.5 million last year for his work on the Baku hotel, which will be operated as part of Trump's chain of luxury hotels. A spokeswoman for Trump did not respond to questions about his business relationship with Mammadov.
Mammadov, who is rumored to be worth more than $1 billion, serves as Garant's chairman. As Azerbaijan's oil and gas industry exploded after the Soviet bloc crumbled, the wealth of the politically connected Mammadov clan, which is close to Azerbaijani president Ilham Aliyev, also soared. Mammadov's father, Zia, is widely considered a powerful and influential official in Aliyev's government.
Good government and humanitarian groups consider Azerbaijan one of the world's most repressive and corrupt countries due to the regime's intolerance for dissent and the high degree of concentration of wealth among the politically powerful and their families. Human Rights Watch had the following grim assessment of the country:
Azerbaijan's government has escalated repression against its critics, marking a dramatic deterioration in an already poor rights record. In recent years, dozens of human rights defenders, political and civil activists, journalists, and bloggers have been arrested or imprisoned on politically motivated charges, prompting others to flee the country or go into hiding. Bank accounts of independent civic groups and their leaders have been frozen, impeding their work, or in some cases forcing them to shut down entirely. New legal regulations make it almost impossible for independent groups to get foreign funding. While criticizing the increasing crackdown, Azerbaijan's international partners have failed to secure rights improvements.
The pro-Democracy watchdog group Freedom House reported in 2014 that “the state's control over oil resources and the oligarchic structure of the economy contribute to widespread corruption in Azerbaijan.” The group noted that “the Aliyev family, state officials, and their relatives continued to amass significant personal wealth,” thanks to their control of state resources.
Last year, in an article titled “The Corleones of the Caspian,” Foreign Policy reported that the “profit margins” of Mammadov's Garant “appear inextricably linked to a number of sweetheart contracts signed with his father's Transport Ministry.” One of Mammadov's other companies has received over $1 billion in highway construction contracts, and the firm owns many of Baku's buses and taxis. Until 2013, Mammadov owned a majority stake in the bank that processed all of the taxi cab fares and the company that provided insurance to all the cabs. According to Foreign Policy, the company that Trump is working with also secured the contract to construct the Baku bus station, which Mammadov's uncle owns. A leaked diplomatic cable on Azerbaijan's “most powerful families,” drafted in 2010 by the charge d'affairs at the US embassy in Baku, noted: “With so much of the nation's oil wealth being poured into road construction, the Mammadovs also control a significant source of rent-seeking.”
Mammadov has demonstrated a keen interest in American politics. He heads the Azerbaijan American Alliance, a group that at one point was registered with the US Department of Justice as a foreign lobbyist. Last year, Buzzfeed reported that the alliance was one of the three main conduits by which the country sought to lobby the US government in order to burnish its image in the West:
Experts say these organizations are often the work of the offspring of the Azeri elite. “There is a phenomenon of the children of oligarchs acting as lobbyists abroad,” said Tom de Waal, a South Caucasus expert at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace. “They have these very posh gala dinners,” said one Azerbaijan expert who spoke on the condition of anonymity. The Alliance is “one way that [Mammadov] is making his family more important to the regime.”
Last year, the alliance spent more than $2.8 million lobbying Congress and State Department to improve US-Azerbaijan relations. So far this year, the group has spent at least $500,000 trying to influence US lawmakers and officials.
In 2011, Mammadov himself registered as a foreign agent under the Foreign Agent Registration Act in connection with his work with the alliance. Though he is still featured prominently on the organization's website, Mammadov is no longer listed as a foreign lobbyist. But he still seems to be very keen on courting powerful American politicians. Mammadov's personal website features a gushing recap of the group's Washington gala last November, which he hosted. The event was attended by Sens. Chuck Schumer (D-NY), Richard Burr (R-Ala.), Mark Pryor (D-Ark.), and Mark Warner (D-Va.) and a bipartisan slew of House members. (Pryor lost his reelection campaign last fall.) Mammadov's Facebook page is full of photos of the businessman posing with other politicians, including House Speaker John Boehner.
Like Trump, Mammadov is a colorful figure. Educated in London, he serves as the head of his country's golf federation and claims on his website to have a wide range of experience in “leadership, decision-making, strategy, international affairs, politics, communication, human rights, environmental protection, fundraising, public relations, sponsor relations and public speaking.” Mammadov's personal life has been a heavily covered topic in Azerbaijani opposition newspapers, which in 2010 published reports that Mammadov had been expelled from Dubai following a raucous dinner party with friends. Azeri media outlets also reported that Mammadov had paid a local restaurant more than $1 million to slaughter a bear kept there and serve kebabs from the meat. Mammadov has denied these stories repeatedly.
In recent years, he successfully sued Azerbaijan's two major opposition papers for libel over these stories and others about his personal life. International press monitoring organization Reporters Without Borders condemned the suits, which financially crippled the papers, and described the legal action as part of a campaign to harass and suppress the free press. In 2010, the group reported that journalists for Azeri papers Yeni Musavat and Milli Yol were attacked and beaten while trying to take photos of luxury villas owned by members of the Mammadov clan: “Several men emerged from cars, pushed them to the ground, grabbed their camera and deleted the photographs they had taken of the houses. Their unidentified assailants held them for more than three hours, interrogated them, threatened to have them put under surveillance for six months and finally warned them not [to] file any complaint.” It's unclear to whom the men were connected.
Mammadov did not respond to interview requests or questions directed to the Azerbaijan American Alliance.
This article has been revised.
The Pittsburgh Penguins have re-signed forward Dustin Jeffrey to a one-year contract, it was announced today by executive vice president and general manager Ray Shero.
The deal has an average annual value of $625,000.
Jeffrey, 25, appeared in 25 regular-season games for the Penguins in 2012-13, tallying three goals, three assists and six points. He also played in 20 games with Zagreb Medvescak of the Austrian League, where he registered 23 points (11G-12A).
The 6-foot-1, 205-pound Jeffrey has played parts of the past five seasons with Pittsburgh, scoring 15 goals, 12 assists, 27 points and posting a plus-6 rating in 90 regular-season games. His best season came in 2010-11 when he established career highs across the board with seven goals, five assists and 12 points in 25 games.
A native of Sarnia, Ontario, Jeffrey skated for parts of five seasons with the Penguins' top minor-league affiliate, Wilkes-Barre/Scranton of the American Hockey League (AHL), between 2008-11. During his time in WBS, Jeffrey helped lead the Penguins to the 2008 Calder Cup Final as a rookie and he made back-to-back AHL All-Star appearances in 2010 and '11.
In his last full AHL seasons in '09-10, Jeffrey had 71 points (24G-47A) and a plus-16 rating in 77 games. The following year he had 45 points (17G-28A) in 40 games before being called up to Pittsburgh full time at midseason.
Originally drafted by the Penguins in the sixth round (171st overall) of the 2007 NHL Draft, Jeffrey split four seasons of junior hockey between the Mississauga IceDogs and Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL) from 2004-08. He posted back-to-back 90-point seasons in his final two years of junior with Sault Ste. Marie in '06-07 and '07-08.
Barcelona not to seek to host 2026 Winter Olympics
The Barcelona City Hall announced on Wednesday that it would not launch a campaign for the city to host the 2026 Winter Olympic Games with towns in the Pyrenees Mountains.
The agreement to rule out the candidacy was signed by the majority of the political parties on the Barcelona city council.
The Spanish sports press confirms the decision was taken after an evaluation report into the viability to hosting the Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games and means Barcelona will not officially present its candidacy to the International Olympic Committee in 2019.
The report highlighted the lack of consensus in favor of hosting the events and also the lack of time available to organize and present a winning candidacy, especially in the face of possible logistical problems with the mountains being at a certain distance from the city, known for its mild winter climate.
The City Hall has, however, commented that it leaves "the door open" to the possibility of hosting the Winter Olympics at a future date.
Barcelona hosted the 1992 Olympic Games, which were hugely successful and played a major role in kick starting the modernization of the city and boosting annual tourist numbers from 1.73 million in 1990 to over 8 million in 2015.
Arizona Cardinals kicker Chandler Catanzaro was named the NFC Special Teams player of the week on Wednesday after going 3-3 on field goals on Sunday in the 30-20 victory over the Washington Redskins. He connected from 33, 37, and 49 yards, all in the second half.
Catanzaro is now 14-14 on the season. Clearly he is not kicking like a rookie and I think now six weeks into the regular season we can remove the rookie status from him. In training camp he was in neck and neck battle with incumbent Jay Feely for the kicking job but Catanzaro was a clear winner on kickoffs and therefore won the job.
This year though other teams have proven how much trouble they've had with their kickers, including rookies. Detroit had troubles with Nate Freese and he was cut after going 3-7 on field goal attempts. Kansas City's Cairo Santos is 5-7 as it Tampa Bay's Patrick Murray.
Philadelphia Eagles kicker Cody Parkey is 12-13 but on kickoffs Catanzaro has hit 69 percent of his kicks for touchbacks. Parkey just 57 percent. The Arizona Cardinals certainly found the right replacement.
When you see guys like Cincinnati's Mike Nugent, Detroit's Matt Prater, and Carolina's Graham Gano miss important kicks, it makes it that much sweeter. At some point Catanzaro will miss for sure, maybe on a possible game winner. It will be how he comes back after that is how he should be measured. For now, he can enjoy the special teams honor and keep doing his thing.
Former Pittsburgh Pirates owner Kevin McClatchy discusses what it was like to be a gay owner of a major league baseball team. (7:27)
Kevin McClatchy, the owner and CEO of the Pittsburgh Pirates from 1996 to 2007, has acknowledged he is gay to The New York Times, saying frequent homophobic slurs he heard in baseball circles had convinced him to keep his sexual orientation a secret.
McClatchy, an heir to a newspaper chain who sold his shares of the Pirates in 2009 only after ensuring that the club remained in Pittsburgh, said the time had finally come to speak openly about his sexuality.
"You're not going to solve any problem until you start a dialogue," McClatchy told The Times for an op-ed story published in Sunday's editions. "And there's no dialogue right now."
"Kevin McClatchy saved the Pittsburgh Pirates," commissioner Bud Selig said in 2007, after McClatchy resigned as CEO. Rich Pilling/MLB Photos/Getty Images
McClatchy will also be the subject of Wednesday's "Outside The Lines" (3 p.m. ET on ESPN).
"I've got a birthday coming up where I'm turning old," McClatchy, who will turn 50 in January, told The Times. "I've spent 30 years -- or whatever the number is specifically -- not talking about my personal life, lying about my personal life."
McClatchy, 49, is not the first major-league executive or former executive to come out as gay. Rick Welts, the president and chief executive officer of the Phoenix Suns, revealed his sexuality last year.
"This has been challenging to me," McClatchy told The Times of his decision to reveal his sexual orientation. "I probably didn't sleep as well as I could have last night."
McClatchy boasted of baseball's ending of racial segregation in sports while saying he didn't think players considered it similar to one of their own coming out as gay.
"I don't think they equate breaking the color barrier with Jackie Robinson to, 'Hey, by the way, we've never had one player announce they're gay while playing baseball.' "
A native of Sacramento, McClatchy spent more than six months assembling the shareholders and cash necessary to buy the Pirates in February 1996, after local ownership could not be found and it appeared the money-losing team might be relocated.
He announced his resignation as chief executive officer in July 2007.
McClatchy emerged as a surprise bidder for the Pirates in 1995, after Pennsylvania cable TV franchise owner John Rigas was designated to buy the team but did not complete the transaction. Then-NL president Len Coleman guided McClatchy's group through the $95 million transaction so a franchise now worth three times that amount would not leave.
While McClatchy kept the Pirates in Pittsburgh, and was the driving force in getting PNC Park financed and built for the 2001 season, the team never had a winning season while he was the owner.
"I take responsibility for the losing, that's probably in some ways reason for a change," McClatchy said in 2007.
McClatchy's lobbying also was instrumental in the 2006 All-Star Game being played in PNC Park, only 12 years after the game was staged in Three Rivers Stadium.
"Kevin McClatchy saved the Pittsburgh Pirates. He assumed control of the franchise amid considerable turmoil and during the worst economic period in baseball history," commissioner Bud Selig said in 2007.
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.
The president of the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) has rejected an appeal for aid from the leader of a military coup in Mali, saying that the bloc would be willing to help only if constitutional normality is restored.
"ECOWAS is quite willing to assist the country to protect its territorial integrity, but we cannot do so when the power in place in Bamako is not legitimate ... There is zero tolerance to power obtained or maintained by unconstitutional means," Kadre Desire Ouedraogo told Al Jazeera on Friday.
He also said that Captain Amadou Sanogo, the coup leader, must immediately step down and allow ECOWAS to organise a political transition.
"It is not for him [Sanogo] to [organise elections]," he said. "We want him to return to constitutional normality and then we can discuss a transition period and then organise the election according to the provisions of the Malian constitution."
Ouedraogo added, however, that he was confident talks would take place with the coup leaders before the 72-hour ECOWAS deadline expired.
"We have indications that they want to continue dialogue and I think that this weekend they will be in touch to see how they are going to comply to the ECOWAS demands. But if by the deadline of Monday they have not done so, we have instruction to apply the sanctions," he said.
ECOWAS had already suspended Mali on Tuesday and has warned its regional troops are on standby to intervene.
On Thursday, the bloc threatened a "diplomatic and financial embargo" unless constitutional order was restored within 72 hours - a move which could cripple the landlocked nation.
Appeal for aid
Earlier, Captain Sanogo had asked for external help to halt advancing Tuareg rebels in the north, who have seized another key northern town from overwhelmed soldiers.
The soldiers cited government failure to arm them to rein in the insurrection as the major reason for toppling the democratically elected government of President Amadou Toumani Toure.
"The rebels continue to attack our country and terrorise our people," Sanogo told journalists on Friday at the military barracks outside the capital Bamako, which have become the junta's headquarters.
"The situation is now critical, our army needs support from Mali's friends to save the civilian population and protect Mali's territorial integrity."
The appeal came as sources said that Tuareg separatist rebels and an allied armed group on Friday entered and seized control of the strategic town of Kidal, 1,000km from the capital.
The Tuareg rebel Azawad National Liberation Movement (MNLA) in mid-January relaunched a decades-old fight for the independence of what the Tuareg consider their homeland in the northern triangle of the bow-tie shaped nation.
The poorly-equipped Malian army has proved no match for the desert warriors, boosted by the return of heavily-armed fighters from Libya's conflict.
The rebels have since seized on the confusion caused by the coup to launch offensives on the three regional centres in Mali's remote north.
In their most important victory so far, they entered Kidal after soldiers abandoned one of the two local military camps there, military and diplomatic sources told the Reuters news agency.
"The rebel Tuareg, the MNLA, and fighters affiliated with AQIM, al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb, managed to easily overrun the city of Kidal," Al Jazeera's Hashem Ahelbarra reported from Bamako on Friday.
"They are now in control of the city with some concerns now that they might move to the city of Gao. They are now in control of three cities, Tessalit, Aguelhok and Kidal. If they manage to control Gao, that is going to be quite a significant blow for the military junta," he added.
'Process of normalisation'
Regional leaders from ECOWAS had attempted to negotiate an end to the standoff, but their plane was turned back mid-flight on Thursday after dozens of pro-coup demonstrators swarmed the runway at Bamako's airport, preventing them from landing.
At Friday's news conference, Sanogo said he understood the position of the West Africa regional body, but added that stability in Mali would have a direct influence on the entire region.
He said the coup was a necessary step in order to improve the situation in the country, and that the army had seized control with the plan of "holding a rapid process of normalisation and organising free and transparent elections".
Washington, which has warned the region was becoming a new hub for al-Qaeda, on Friday supported ECOWAS' efforts to force the junta to step down but said it was "very concerned" by the latest Tuareg advances.
“The time has come for the F.C.C. to recognize that broadband service is of the same importance and must carry the same obligations as so many of the other vital services do,” Mr. Obama said.
Image President Obama has urged Tom Wheeler, right, chairman of the F.C.C., to reclassify broadband Internet service to treat it more like a utility. Credit Jacquelyn Martin/Associated Press
But critics of the proposal say regulating Internet service like a utility, without subjecting it to the same aggressive oversight of industries like electricity or water, will be a tough balancing act for the commission.
“Forbearance is a fig leaf here, especially when it comes to big issues like rate regulation,” said Michael Mandel, chief economic strategist at the Progressive Policy Institute, which dislikes the prospect of treating broadband like a utility. “The F.C.C. can forbear easily from day-to-day rate decisions. But I don't see how they can stay out of that when there are big innovative leaps.”
Mr. Mandel pointed to the introduction of the iPhone as an example. When that device was released, AT&T needed to develop a new type of data service package to charge consumers who wanted to use the iPhone's ability to connect to the Internet.
Any common carrier, as AT&T and other wireless providers would be considered under Mr. Obama's plan, would need the F.C.C. to first approve such a new type of charge. Even if the commission said it did not want to rule on how much AT&T could charge, a consumer could petition the agency, arguing that its duty as a regulator is to determine how those data charges should be structured.
But supporters of Mr. Obama's plan say that the rhetoric about classifying broadband as a utility, putting it under the regulations of Title II of the Communications Act, has been overblown.
“I think it's a red herring to assume that you have to import all of the regulations that exist for the telephone and apply them to the Internet,” said Corynne McSherry, intellectual property director at the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a civil liberties advocacy group. “No one is really pushing for that, and no one thinks that should happen.”
Other opponents of Mr. Obama's proposal said that it injected politics into what should be a nonpartisan agency process.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. – A day after the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee accused the US Air Force of misrepresenting the cost to end reliance on Russian rocket engines for military space launch, the chief of Air Force Space Command defended the service's position.
Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., cited a $3.5 billion discrepancy between two separate cost estimates Air Force Secretary Deborah Lee James provided to Congress for transitioning off the Russian RD-180, which powers United Launch Alliance's Atlas V launch vehicle.
Replacing the Atlas V with a combination of ULA's Delta IV heavy launch system and SpaceX's newly-certified Falcon 9 could cost as much as $5 billion, James recently testified before the committee.
By contrast, James told the committee shortly before the hearing that splitting future launches between the two domestic vehicles would cost roughly $1.5 billion, McCain said in a Wednesday letter to the secretary.
But it is impossible to accurately predict the cost of launch vehicles by the end of the decade, the point at which McCain wants the Air Force to stop using the RD-180, Air Force Space Command chief Gen. John Hyten said Thursday during the Space Foundation's annual National Space Symposium.
The Delta IV is much more expensive than the Atlas V — on that point Congress and the Air Force generally agree. But exactly how much more the Delta IV will cost in 2020 is difficult to calculate, Hyten said. It all depends on what assumptions the Air Force makes about the state of the launch industry in the next decade.
"The reason I don't know how expensive that's going to be is because I cant tell you what the industry is going to be in 2020, I can't tell you what ULA's business case is going to be in 2020," Hyten said during a media briefing. "I can make certain assumptions that make the Delta IV very attractive, and I can make certain assumptions that make the Delta IV unbelievably expensive — it's all based on the assumptions that you make of what you think the world is going to be like in 2020."
× Fear of missing out? Fear no longer. Be the first to hear about breaking news, as it happens. You'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community. Thanks for signing up. By giving us your email, you are opting in to our Newsletter: Sign up for our Early Bird Brief
The Air Force has consistently said the most cost-effective way to bridge the gap between now and 2019 when a domestic launch vehicle becomes available is to continue to use the RD-180, Hyten said.
Earlier today, I visited the Daily News website and viewed their slideshow on the history of the Subway Series. (It's part of their sports pages' increasingly tiny section of non-WAG-related content.) Imagine my horror when I saw not a single image from what was possibly the greatest regular season Subway Series game ever: July 10, 1999, aka The Matt Franco Game.
Let me set the scene for you whippersnappers too young to recall it. Picture Shea on a beautiful summer afternoon, not a cloud in the sky. Rick Reed opposed Andy Pettitte, but neither starter hung around for too long in this slugfest. The Yankees were up 2-0 after the first half-inning, but the Mets rallied to first tie the game, then go ahead 4-2. The Yankees responded by tying the contest again, then took a 6-4 lead. Mike Piazza gave the Mets a brief lead in the bottom of the seventh with a monstrous home run off of Ramiro Mendoza that landed in the parking lot beyond the picnic area, traveling an estimated 482 feet (!).
Unfortunately, the Yankees came right back with a two-run homer in the top of the eighth from Jorge Posada, his second of the day, and one of six longballs the Yankees hit that afternoon. Mike Stanton stifled the Mets in the bottom half, which set yet another save opportunity for Mariano Rivera in the ninth. With one out, Rickey Henderson--one of the few people who could work a walk against Rivera--did so, and Edgardo Alfonzo followed with a long fly ball to centerfield that Bernie Williams misplayed (not charged an error, though it certainly could have been), which put the tying and winning runs in scoring position.
First base was open, but with Mike Piazza looming on deck, the Yankees opted to take their chances with John Olerud. He smashed a hard grounder right to Tino Martinez at first, forcing the runners to freeze and bringing the Mets down to their last out. Piazza was intentionally walked to bring up Melvin Mora (enjoying a brief call-up to the majors), but Bobby Valentine opted to send up his best pinch hitter, Matt Franco, instead.
Franco took the first pitch for a strike, swung wildly at the second, and then took the third for a ball--a pitch very close to the knees, one that wouldn't have shocked anyone to be called as a strike. Given a reprieve, Franco lined Rivera's next pitch into right field for a single. Henderson scored easily, and Alfonzo came around from second, beating a relay throw from Paul O'Neill to the plate, and giving the Mets a dramatic 9-8 win.
To put this in perspective: Coming into this game, the Yankees had won 124 consecutive games in which they held a lead in the eighth inning. Coming into this game, in the history of baseball, teams that hit six homers in a game were 214-15. Coming into this game, Mariano Rivera was already the greatest closer in the game. So what the Mets did on this occasion was pretty remarkable.
Coming on the heels of another great Subway Series game, in which the Mets beat Roger Clemens for the second time that year, Dave Anderson of The New York Times called it "The Greatest 24 Hours in Mets' History". Granted, this arbitrary designation can only be placed here because the last two victories of the 1969 and 1986 World Series took place during a time period longer than one day. Even so, Anderson was not far off when he wrote:
If it had been a World Series game, it would deserve to be put in a time capsule for as long the Yankees and the Mets play baseball. Or for as long as anybody plays baseball. Even as a regular-season subway series game, it deserved to have had red, white and blue bunting on the box seat railings. Of the 11 games the Yankees and the Mets have played now over their three seasons of interleague confrontations, this was the best. By far. By any definition of what baseball is all about.
To correct the Daily News' glaring oversight, I present to you some audio from the ninth inning of this game. Fair warning: this is actually from the Yankees' radio broadcast, which means it contains both John Sterling and Michael Kay. Trust me, I would have used the Gary Cohen/Bob Murphy call if I had it, but this is all I have access to. However, this game was so bonkers, it manages to transcend the play-by-play team. In fact, Sterling and Kay themselves sound blown away by what they are witnessing, and even though their team lost, fully admit they've just called one of the craziest, most exhilarating games either one of them had ever witnessed.
Enjoy!
Note: The ESO version of this book includes a declaration that it is banned within the Daggerfall Covenant, labeling it "anti-Orc propaganda".
Orcs were born during the latter days of the Dawn Era. History has mislabeled them beastfolk, related to the goblin races, but the Orcs are actually the children of Trinimac, strongest of the Altmeri ancestor spirits. When Trinimac was eaten by the Daedroth Prince Boethiah, and transformed in that foul god's insides, the Orcs were transformed as well. The ancient name for the Orcs is 'Orsimer,' which means 'The Pariah Folk.' They now follow Malauch, the remains of Trinimac.
Who is Malauch?
He is more commonly know as the Daedroth Prince Malacath, 'whose sphere is the patronage of the spurned and ostracized, the sworn oath, and the bloody curse.' He is not technically a Daedra Lord, nor do the other Daedra recognize him as such, but this is fitting for his sphere. Of old he was Trinimac, the champion of the High Elven pantheon, in some places more popular than Auri-El, who protected them against enemies without and within. When Trinimac and his followers attempted to halt the Velothi dissident movement, Boethiah ate him. Trinimac's body and spirit were corrupted, and he emerged as Malacath. His followers were likewise changed for the worse. Despised by everyone, especially the inviolate Auri-El, they quickly fled to the northern wastes, near Saarthal. They fought Nords and Chimer for a place in the world, but did not get much. In Skyrim, Malacath is called Orkey, or Old Knocker, and his battles with Ysmir are legendary.
The wind turbines will be located in the Marcona district in the province of Ica Nazca region, and will be executed by the company Windfarm Marcona. The wind power initiative includes the installation and commissioning of 16 wind turbines with a gross capacity of approximately two megawatts, making a total of 32 MW, the installation of a substation delivery and installation of Transmission Line (TL) of 220 kV and 31 miles long.
While the transmission line project will have 102 high-voltage towers that are spaced every 300 meters, and move the energy stored in the office substation to the substation of San Juan de Marcona eventually supply the national grid. It is estimated that there will be an annual power generation of approximately 150 gigawatt hours (GWh).
The Wind Farm Marcona have a required investment for the construction of civil works and electromechanical equipment, amounting to 43.6 million.
By José Santamarta, www.evwind.com
There are currently around 30 vacant retail spaces along the Castro and Upper Market retail corridor and the vacancy rate is hovering around 8 percent, nearly twice the city's overall average.
Inactive storefronts are offering refuge to an increasing number of homeless people and wearing on the area's image, further reducing retail customer foot traffic and resulting in a negative feedback loop.
At the same time, developments with rooms for over 1,000 new area residents have been transforming the neighborhood, with a mix of younger residents and fewer that identify as LGBT.
In an attempt to help fill the retail vacancies, expand the corridor's customer base and redefine what it means for the Castro to be the city's “Gay District,” the Castro & Upper Market Retail Strategy study has identified five recommendations, and associated action items, for driving the district's future:
With respect to curating the corridor's retail, the final report includes a “retail traffic light” of the types of businesses that have been identified as desirable or not for the district going forward:
The report maps how retail customers get to the corridor, comparing perceptions with survey results and differentiating between local residents and customers from elsewhere in the city or afar:
And it provides a snapshot of the Castro and Upper Market area's demographics as compared to the areas around Valencia Street and Haight-Ashbury in San Francisco and Chelsea in New York:
A few months back, <bzarg.com> posted a guide on how to pronounce hex numbers, inspired by a funny scene from Silicon Valley. I love their idea, but I don't actually like the names they came up with - they're really inconsistent in annoying, unnecessary ways.
The basics of any English-like number-naming system are:
Digit names. "Teen" names, for numbers of the form 1x. "Xty" names, for numbers of the form x0. Place names, for grouping larger sets of numbers, like "a hundred", "a thousand", and "a million".
When hex numbers are composed of just decimal digits, #1-#3 are identical to decimal numbers. "45" is still read as "forty five". Similarly, if a "letter" digit shows up in the ones place, it's just read as the letter - "4B" is "forty bee". (The full set of English spellings is "ae", "bee", "cee", "dee", "ee", and "eff".)
X0 (tens) names
The Silicon Valley clip provided an example for #3 - "fleventy", presumably for Fx numbers. Here's my full set of six:
A0: atta
B0: bitta
C0: citta (pronounced "sitta")
D0: dickety
E0: eckity
F0: fleventy
So a number like "f5" is read as "fleventy five", or "BC" as "bitty cee".
The sound pattern here only changes to make b/a more distinct from d/e, and because f's name is already established in the lore, and is pretty fun to say. ^_^ Note that they're reasonably distinct from the existing decimal "tens", too - in particular, 80 (eighty) and A0 (atta) sound fairly different, which is easy to mess up if you're not careful.
1X (teens) names
We can extrapolate these down into teen names, too:
1A: abteen
1B: bibteen
1C: cibteen (pronounced "sibteen")
1D: dibbleteen
1E: ebbleteen
1F: fleventeen
These follow similar patterns, with A-C using one naming scheme (consistently swapping "tta" with "bteen") and D-E using another (swapping "ckity" with "bbleteen").
1A-1E also have the nice advantage that they're noticeably distinct from the A0-E0 names due to them swapping in a voiced consonant, which isn't true of most decimal digits (most of 13-19 sound really similar to 30-90). This only isn't true for fleventy/fleventeen, because I don't have a good answer for it, but at least it's no worse its seventy/seventeen namesake.
Larger place names
The Bzarg naming tool suggests "bitey" as the name for the third digit place, so "100" is "one bitey" (because two hex digits make a byte), then use "halfy" and "worddion" (dd pronounced as a soft "j") for 4 and 8 digits (inspired by 2 bytes being a half-word and 4 bytes being a word). The naming tool reuses "bitey" for 6 digits, which I assume is just an oversight/mistake, as it would be confusing.
I'm not a fan of this - the size of a "word" changes over time anyway (it used to be 2 bytes, now it's 8 bytes on some systems), and it doesn't go any further. Here's a much simpler system that extends as far as our decimal system does. (Or, technically, much further, since decimal names things by how many groups of 1k there are, while this groups them by 16^4, or ~65k)
Nannies, nudgers and various other adherents to what the UK Labour Party calls ‘the politics of behaviour' have done a lot of bad stuff in recent years. Their smoking ban hollowed out pub life. Their fearmongering about fatness did more than any fashion mag to convince young people that chubbiness is sinful and skinniness is next to Godliness. Their jihad against junk food in schools deprived today's kids of some of childhood's great pleasures: having a Mars bar in your blazer pocket and taking bites out of it in between scoring goals in the playground or sharing a fizzy strawberry lace as you natter about last night's TV.
But even worse than all that has been the way this fun-allergic lobby has warped the meaning of the word choice. Almost singlehandedly they have transformed the c-word. They have turned ‘choice' from something individuals do for themselves, using our free will and moral autonomy to decide on a course of action that we think is best suited to our lives, into something that is done for us, by others, and which we have to be guided towards. They talk about the ‘right choice', the ‘informed choice', the ‘healthy choice', and about their determination to shove us donut-scoffing plebs towards that ‘choice'. They have turned choice utterly on its head: when they say ‘choice', what they really mean is ‘less choice'. Consider Lord Darzi's proposals, published this week, for how to make London a healthier city. He wants mayor Boris Johnson to ban smoking in Trafalgar Square and other squares and parks; to ban the siting of junk-food shops near schools; and to give Oyster Card users a discount if they get off their lazy butts once in a while and walk part of the way to work. It is standard, soul-destroying lifestyle-policing fare. But what was most striking was Darzi's insistence that through restricting certain forms of behaviour – smoking in public, buying chips near a school – he is boosting people's ability to make a choice. He says he wants us all to make what he calls ‘the healthiest choice', but that choice isn't ‘always easy [or] obvious', so we have to be assisted in the making of it. Labour's Tessa Jowell also used the c-word in a super-weird way in her backing for Lord Darzi. ‘We need to make the healthier choice the easier choice for Londoners', she said. So let's get this straight: restricting someone's ability to choose whether he lights up a fag in Trafalgar Square is actually about improving his ability to make a choice? That public officials can propose the restriction of certain behaviours in one breath and then blather on about choice in the very next sums up how emptied of meaning the word choice has become. If they were serious about choice, they would say: ‘Smoke in Trafalgar Square, or don't smoke in Trafalgar Square, it's your choice.' That would genuinely entail giving the citizen a choice – not a massive, meaningful, democracy-shaking choice, no, but a choice nonetheless: to smoke or not to smoke. By contrast, saying ‘We think you should be prevented through by-law from smoking in Trafalgar Sqaure or buying chicken wings within a hundred-metre radius of a school' is an explicit negation of choice; it's a pummelling of the autonomy involved in making a choice. It removes choice, it doesn't enhance it.
This is doublespeak par excellence. Increasingly, when the politicians of behaviour say ‘helping citizens make a choice', what they really mean is ‘limiting citizens' ability to make a choice'. So the ever-growing nudge industry talks about overhauling society's ‘choice architecture' in order to make it easier for people to make the ‘right health choices', by which it means putting pressure on us to do what it thinks is right. Smoking-ban supporters and those who want a price hike in booze talk about helping citizens make ‘informed choices', by which they mean using law or financial pressure to force us to make the choice they think is best for us. They have made the choice – you shall not smoke here, or drink too much, or eat certain foods around schoolkids – and all that remains is for them to nudge or nag or legislate the rest of us towards that choice they have made about our lives. This is prescription, not choice. We need to reclaim the word choice. Choice is a good thing, a wonderful thing. No, not because individuals will always make good choices; some of them will make very bad choices, including the choice to get blotto every day of the week or to smoke 100 cigarettes a day, which are hardly good things to do. But it is better for a citizen to make a bad choice using his own free will than it is for someone else to make a ‘good choice' on his behalf and then elbow and berate him towards that ‘choice'. This is a point John Stuart Mill makes in On Liberty. He said that even though individuals ‘may not do the particular thing so well as the officers of government… it is nevertheless desirable that it should be done by them, rather than by the government, as a means to their own mental education – a mode of strengthening their active faculties, exercising their judgement, and giving them a familiar knowledge of the subjects with which they are thus left to deal'.
RICHMOND, Va. — A proposal to allow adoption by the partners of unmarried same-sex parents was rejected Friday by a Virginia Senate committee.
Thanks to a series of federal court decisions last year, same-sex couples now have the right to marry in Virginia. But some choose not to do so, and Sen. Janet Howell's measure would have accommodated such couples by allowing someone other than the spouse of a parent to adopt a child.
Howell, a Fairfax County Democrat, said children in such circumstances deserve the security and protection of two legal parents.
Adoption opens the door to additional health care options and other financial benefits, she said, and ensures that a child will still have a parent in the event of the biological parent's death.
Virginia doesn't require opposite-sex parents to marry in order for both to have legal rights to their children, but that's not true for same-sex parents, Howell said.
Article continues below
“We need to level the playing field,” she said. “The world has shifted, but some children have been left behind.”
Democratic Gov. Terry McAuliffe's administration supported Howell's bill. But conservative groups opposed it, saying unmarried couples are unstable.
The Republican-controlled Senate Rehabilitation and Social Services Committee defeated the measure on a party-line 8-7 vote.
This Story Filed Under
Calgary's unemployment rate inched higher into the double digits last month with 10.3 per cent of the workforce out of a job, according to Statistics Canada's latest labour survey.
It's the second month Calgary's unemployment rate has hovered above the 10 per cent mark after reaching 10.2 per cent in October, the highest it's been since November 1993, which was an economic trough for the entire country.
In recession-hit Alberta, gripped by the worst downturn seen in decades, the number of job seekers increased by 11,000, pushing the province's unemployment rate up half a point to 9 per cent, its highest rate since July 1994.
Compared to 2015, overall employment in Alberta is down 30,000.
Nationally, the labour market unexpectedly added 10,700 net jobs last month and the unemployment rate slid to 6.8 per cent.
Last month's data did beat the expectations of a consensus of economists, who had predicted Canada would shed 20,000 positions in November and for the jobless rate to stay at seven per cent, according to Thomson Reuters.
The jobs report says the unemployment rate dropped to 6.8 per cent from seven per cent because fewer people were searching for work.
The agency says there were 41,300 additional paid employee jobs last month, while the number of positions in the less-desirable class of self-employed workers — some of which may have been unpaid — fell by 30,700.
Over the 12 months leading up to November, the labour market added 220,100 employee jobs and lost 22,100 self-employed positions.
Last month, the services sector gained 31,200 net new jobs, with the bulk of the increase concentrated in finance, insurance and real estate as well as information, culture and recreation.
The country's goods-producing sector lost 20,600 positions with construction and manufacturing seeing the biggest declines.
Statistics Canada also said the number of private-sector jobs rose by 29,700 jobs last month, while the public sector added 11,600.
Among the provinces, Ontario gained the most jobs last month with 18,900 new positions, an increase of 0.3 per cent compared with October. The province has seen job numbers climb 1.5 per cent over the last year.
How seriously do Alabama Republicans take the looming danger of same-sex couples? They're so wigged out that they've revived a proposal from last session to take marriage out of the probate judges' offices and turn it over to the lawyers. If SB143 passes, Alabama couples will no longer get a marriage license. They'll just visit a friendly, neighborhood attorney and presumably whip up a nifty little contract worthy of the Hohenzollerns.
Let's compare the system we have today with this proposal:
Go to Probate Judge, fill out a form, pay your money, get a marriage license.
Go to judge, minister, or other authorized wedding officiant and get married.
Here's a taste of the new system:
Section 2. (a) On the effective date of this act and thereafter, the only requirement for a marriage in this state shall be for parties who are otherwise legally authorized to be married to enter into a marriage as provided herein. (b) The marriage document required to be executed by the parties shall contain information to identify the parties as set forth in Section 22-9A-6, Code of Alabama 1975, as well as the following minimum information:
(1) The full legal names of both of the parties.
(2) A notarized affidavit from each party declaring
all of the following:
a. The affiant is not currently married.
b.1. The affiant is not a minor; or
2. The affiant is a minor and has the consent of a parent or guardian.
c. The affiant is legally competent to enter into a marriage.
d. The parties are not related by blood or adoption such that the marriage would violate Section 13A-13-3, Code of of Alabama 1975.
e. The affiant is entering into the marriage voluntarily and of his or her own free will and not under duress or undue influence.
(3) The signatures of the parties.
(4) The signatures of two adult witnesses.
(5) If one of the parties to the marriage is a minor, a sworn affidavit of the parent or guardian of the minor consenting to the marriage. (c) A marriage conforming to the requirements of this section shall be valid on the date the marriage is executed by both parties, provided the affidavits, forms, and data are recorded in the office of the judge of probate in accordance with Section 22-9A-17 of the Code of Alabama 1975.
(d) A civil and independent or religious ceremony of marriage, celebration of marriage, solemnization of marriage, or any other officiation, or administration of the vows of marriage may be conducted or engaged in by the parties by an officiant or other presiding person to be selected by the persons entering into the marriage. The state shall have no rrequirement for any such ceremony or proceeding which, if performed or not performed, will have no legal effect upon the validity of the marriage.
(e) The affidavits, forms, and data shall be filed in the office of the judge of probate and shall constitute a legal record of the marriage of the parties. A copy of the form provided by the Office of Vital Statistics shall be transmitted by the office of the judge of probate to the Office of Vital Statistics and made a part of its record.
(f) A judge of probate shall accept for recording a certificate of marriage for an out-of-state marriage. Such recording with the office of the judge of probate shall be prima facie evidence of the validity of the out-of-state marriage. Certificates of marriage for out-of-state marriages shall not be forwarded to the Office of Vital Statistics.
You can almost hear Senator Bill Albritton as Bill Murray in Ghostbusters: “Human sacrifice! Dogs and cats living together! Mass hysteria!” And only Albritton and his “marriage contract” bill stands between us and the marriage apocalypse.
Not addressed in this legislation is how other states, corporations, and the federal government will view our “marriage contracts.” If this passes, will courts have to deal with multiple lawsuits where people waving “marriage contracts” instead of marriage certificates and wanting the tax breaks and benefits that to with “marriage” argue with entities that denied them?
SB143 fulfills two of the GOP supermajority's key goals:
Never think about the consequences of a change before you make it.
More jobs in Alabama through “full employment for lawyers” PSA bills.
Last year, Alabama legislators wasted time on this bill in the General Session the special sessions taxpayers had to pay for because they couldn't get their work done on time. Now it's back.
The following are the national records in athletics in India. Some of the records are maintained by Athletics Federation of India (AFI). Outdoor times for track races between 200 meters to 10,000 meters are set on 400-meter unbanked tracks. Indoor marks are established on 200-meter tracks, banked or unbanked. Indoor tracks longer than 200 meters are considered "oversized" and times are not accepted for record purposes.
Key to tables: Awaiting ratification Record not kept by AFI Disqualified
+ = en route to a longer distance ht = hand timing A = affected by altitude # = not ratified by federation X = unratified due to no doping control
Outdoor [ edit ]
Men [ edit ]
Women [ edit ]
Mixed Events [ edit ]
Indoor [ edit ]
Men [ edit ]
Women [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
General
Indian records 30 September 2018 updated
In Vancouver, 33% of sales are to Chinese investors (National Bank)
Buying a home in the US or Canada has been an effective way for foreign residents to launder some money and get their wealth out of harm's way. In the trophy markets on the US West Coast and in the Canadian cities of Vancouver and Toronto, rumors of a massive influx of Chinese money have swirled with growing intensity for years.
The Chinese economic elite are worried about a devaluation of the yuan. They're worried about getting rolled up by their own government. They're worried about markets collapsing. They're worried about pollution. They're worried about a million things. They have one foot out the door. If push comes to shove, they're ready to make the move.
So capital flight from China has turned into a tsunami. And this money has to go somewhere.
The meme is this: These desperate buyers prefer a higher price because it's more efficient for them to get their money out. This pumps up prices. Which impresses other Chinese investors, and they flock in ever greater numbers to those markets. American-Chinese businesses have sprung up to cater to them with special packages that take care of everything, including travel arrangements.
The real estate industry, benefiting from higher prices and higher unit sales, has largely downplayed this trend. Realtors and sellers love moneyed buyers and are not inclined to ask too many questions.
Estimates of the magnitude have ranged all over the place. Thick opacity covers much of the industry in this respect, and there is no city-by-city data.
In San Francisco, one of the hot spots for Chinese buyers, it has been estimated that the percentage is around 3% to 5%, so not huge. But prices are set at the margins. These prices then cascade through the market via the multiplier effect of comparable sales in the area, which is used to determine future prices.
The National Association of Realtors comes up with annual estimates of foreign buyers. As we reported last year, it found that in the 12-month period through March 2015, buyers from China had plowed $28.6 billion into US residential real estate, surpassing Canadians as top foreign homebuyers for the first time.
This $28.6 billion is interesting. It's a survey-based guess from an organization with an agenda. And it is a national average. But there are only a small number of markets where Chinese buyers are active in large numbers, so a national average, even if accurate, obscures local trends. And buyers can hide behind shell companies, so the beneficial owners might never be known.
In August, we reported on RealtyTrac's much juicier, and darker, version of what is going on with Chinese buyers in West Coast markets [Foreign “Smart Money” Frets about Turmoil at Home, Flees, Plows into US Housing Bubble 2, Thinks it's a “Safe Haven”].
There are other reports and estimates, but reliable city-by-city data is nowhere to be found. For whatever reason.
Now another estimate, this time for Vancouver, the hottest housing market in Canada, which itself is currently one of the biggest housing bubbles in the world. Peter Routledge, a financial analyst at the National Bank of Canada, authored the eye-popping note, which in turn was reported by Bloomberg.
Foreign buyers are a hot topic in Vancouver, where home prices have soared to levels that are nearly as ludicrous as those in San Francisco. According to the Real Estate Board of Greater Vancouver, the “benchmark price” for all types of homes in February soared 22.2% year-over-year as home sales jumped 36%.
Who is buying all these homes, at these prices? No one knows.
But according to Routledge's study, in 2015, Chinese investors plowed C$12.7 billion into Vancouver homes, out of C$38.5 billion in total sales. That's 33%!
In Toronto, Chinese investors accounted for C$9 billion of the C$63 billion in total sales, or 14%!
And in San Francisco? He didn't check. But we wouldn't be surprised if the number came out fairly high as well. These numbers are far higher than industry soothsayers would like us to believe.
He cautioned, however, that these “back of the envelope calculations” were, as Bloomberg rephrased his note, a hypothetical approach to gauge capital flows. To get the data, he'd extrapolated from a Financial Times survey of 77 high-end buyers and data from the US National Association of Realtors. This way of approximating what's going on in the market, he said, pointed to the need for reliable data.
The new Canadian government, bowing to pressures to do something about the distortions caused by the influx of Chinese money, announced on Tuesday in its 2016 Budget that it would earmark C$500,000 to figure out how to track foreign buyers:
Households rely on housing market data to make informed decisions in buying and selling their homes, while governments depend on data to design effective housing policies. Currently it is not possible to fully understand the role of foreign homebuyers in Canada's housing market since a comprehensive and reliable data set on the number of homes sold to foreign homebuyers does.
But Philip Cross, a former chief economic analyst at Statistics Canada, the agency charged to do this, told Bloomberg that the C$500,000 could only pay for five researchers for one year, and would “not be enough to even plan a potential survey or data collection method.”
So perhaps, it's just another gesture designed from get-go to not lift the veil of obfuscation.
Canada Mortgage & Housing Corp., the government housing agency, is also trying to figure out how many foreign buyers ply the Canadian housing market.
In the US, the Treasury Department is launching a pilot program to identify and track foreign buyers that hide behind shell corporations. But it is limited to only high-end properties, and only to two markets, Manhattan and Miami-Dade, and only to buyers hiding behind shell corporations. So no real answers either.
Like San Francisco and other trophy cities, Vancouver is struggling with an affordability crisis for locals. To get a grip on the problem, the city commissioned a report last year, and the results were just presented to the City Council. Read… The Vacant Condos in Vancouver
Enjoy reading WOLF STREET and want to support it? Using ad blockers – I totally get why – but want to support the site? You can donate “beer money.” I appreciate it immensely. Click on the beer mug to find out how:
Would you like to be notified via email when WOLF STREET publishes a new article? Sign up here.
Senator Franken Defends Censoring The Internet Because He Doesn't Think Hollywood Should Have To Change Biz Models?
from the really? dept
The other side of this, of course, is that this is about, essentially, stealing copyrighted material and selling counterfeit goods. This goes to tens of billions of dollars in theft. Some of the supporters of this were after the American Federation of TV and Radio Artists, the Screen Actors Guild, the Directors Guild... I happen to belong to all three of those unions. This doesn't just affect the jobs of writers and directors and producers; when they're free to steal all this intellectual material, it changes the business model of a movie. So it really costs the jobs of the technicians and the crew and the craft services people. It changes the entire business model for the industry. It's not just movies and TV, it's everything.
We were a bit surprised late last year to see that Senator Al Franken was supporting censoring the internet via COICA (which, yes, is about censoring the internet ). After all, Franken has positioned himself as the "internet freedom" politician, and has spoken out repeatedly against attempts to limit speech on the internet. Ars Technica has an interview with Franken, where he delves into his support for COICA , noting that he's heard from those who worry about censoring the internet, but in the end, he thinks it's okay, because he's from the movie/entertainment world, and he doesn't seem to think they should have to adapt to the changing internet:This is pretty disappointing, on any number of levels. First of all, his repeated use of the technically and legally incorrect words "stealing" and "theft" are troubling. Second, his repeating the totally debunked claims that this is somehow costing "tens of billions of dollars." The GAO has already debunked those numbers as having little to no basis, and it's disappointing that Franken would repeat them. But the key point is that, of course it changes the entire business model for the industry. But that's what new technologies do. They change the business models for legacy companies and it'sour government's job to protect those legacy companies and their business models,our elected officials used to work for those companies.That said, Franken does suggest that he's heard many of the concerns about COICA and is focused on narrowing its focus significantly, saying that he has "tried to tighten the definition of who could be targeted under the bill" and in the recent hearing on COICA asked a series of questions to make sure that the bill "is narrowly tailored and will not unwittingly lead to the blocking of legitimate speech that is protected by the First Amendment." The problem is that I'm not really sure there's a way to do that effectively -- especially when, prior to COICA passing, Homeland Security already seems to think it can seize domains withoutFirst Amendment considerations, leading to plenty of perfectly legal speech being suppressed. Franken should know better than to think that a bill allowing internet censorship can be crafted to only take down speech of one kind.
Filed Under: al franken, business models, censorship, coica
Sometimes the little things can make a big difference. As an example, a new research study discovers that simply imagining a positive co-worker can improve your job performance and help you exceed your own expectations.
University of Nebraska-Lincoln researchers note the findings show that your perception of others – even ones that are made up – says a lot about what kind of person you really are.
Imagining coworkers instead of reporting on how you perceive your actual coworkers produces more accurate ratings of having a positive worldview, said Peter Harms, Ph.D., UNL assistant professor of management and the study's lead author.
Harms believes the reason this technique is helpful is because it strips away the unique relational baggage that one may have with the people they know.
“When you make up imaginary peers, they are completely a product of how you see the world,” Harms said. “Because of that we can gain better insight into your perceptual biases. That tells us a lot about how you see the world, how you interpret events and what your expectations of others are.”
Researchers studied hundreds of working adults in a range of fields. Investigators specifically targeted individuals' “psychological capital,” a cluster of personality characteristics associated with the ability to overcome obstacles and the tendency to actively pursue one's goals.
In the study — after asking participants to conjure up imaginary workers in a series of hypothetical situations – participants were then asked to make ratings of the individuals they imagined on a wide range of characteristics.
Those who envisioned workers as engaging in proactive behaviors or readily rebounding from failures were actually happier and more productive in their real-life work, the researchers found.
Although the benefits of having a positive mind-set are readily acknowledged, researchers have struggled to obtain an accurate assessment because people are typically unwilling or unable to make accurate self-appraisals, Harms said.
Researchers believe this study shows that projective storytelling can predict real-life work outcomes above and beyond other established measures.
“We've known that workplace relations are a self-fulfilling prophecy for some time,” Harms said. “If a manager believes that their workers are lazy and incompetent, they will elicit those patterns in their employees.
“It's hard to be motivated and enthusiastic for someone you know doesn't think of you very highly. But most people don't want to disappoint someone who sincerely believes in them.”
Source: University of Nebraska-Lincoln
Man and woman working photo by shutterstock.
Positive Imagery Improves Work Performance and Self-Worth
poster="https://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201511/897/1155968404_4613467946001_hrc5.jpg?pubId=1155968404" true Hillary Clinton criticized Muslim allies for delaying counterterrorism efforts. Clinton calls out Muslim allies for waffling on counterterrorism
Hillary Clinton took the unusual step of putting some of America's Muslim allies on notice Saturday night, saying they "have got to make up their minds" about where they stand in the battle against terrorism.
The presidential candidate called out Turkey and the Gulf Arab states during the Democratic debate, suggesting they've equivocated for too long about how far they will go to stop extremists.
Story Continued Below
"Are they going to stand with us against this kind of jihadi radicalism or not?" Clinton asked. "And there are many ways of doing it. They can provide sources, they can provide resources. But they need to be absolutely clear about where they stand."
The former secretary of state's blunt talk is fairly rare for Obama administration-linked power players in Washington, D.C., many of whom — even off the record — are extremely careful about how they discuss countries such as Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and Turkey.
Clinton did not specify which Gulf Arab states she was referring to, but those countries are considered critical allies in the fight against Islamist extremists. At the same time, some of those countries, in particular Saudi Arabia, spend enormous money promoting conservative versions of Sunni Islam that are believed to help breed extremism.
And although the Arab governments have issued bans and taken other steps to prevent it, funding from their private citizens is believed to help sustain many terrorist groups.
Turkey also has proven a frustrating ally at times, with lingering questions about its commitment to battling the Islamic State terrorist group. The U.S. has urged the country to do more to seal its borders to prevent Islamic State extremists from traveling to and from Syria, but it appears more interested in cracking down on separatist Kurds.
After a long drive to Montreal, a New Brunswick rugby team was worried it wouldn't be able to play.
One of the vans the provincial under-18 team, New Brunswick Spruce, rented to make the trip was stolen along with some of the players' equipment and belongings.
"At one point, we had 17 players, and we lost four, because there were four in the van, and they all lost their cleats," said Laughlan Gordon Maclean, whose cleats, jersey, phone, wallet and bag were in the stolen van.
"I was just sitting there like, 'We're not going to have enough to play the field.'"
But the kind of camaraderie the players say is characteristic of rugby clubs everywhere kicked in when their rivals found out what happened.
The team had come all the way from New Brunswick for the tournament. (CBC)
Teams, referee go the extra mile to help out
The Beaconsfield Rugby Football Club and Montreal Irish Rugby Football Club lent the New Brunswick players' cleats and other equipment so that they could play.
"Both of them stepped up immediately, donating cleats, making sure we had balls and medical supplies for first aid," said Spruce coach Brent Garrish, who had been driving the van and filed a report with police.
The referee for the game Friday even donated his evening's salary to pitch in.
Garrish said there's a closeness between rival teams in the sport that is "sometimes very unique and very special to rugby."
"It's the greatest part of playing the sport," he said.
New Brunswick Spruce rugby player Geofrey James Mtamakaya says he wouldn't have been able to play in the Montreal tournament if it weren't from a little help from the rival teams. (CBC)
Spruce player Geofrey James Mtamakaya, who lost his wallet, cleats and new shoes he had just bought on a trip to the mall with his team, says he was taught to rely on that fraternity when in need.
"Our coaches, and some of the family members are like, 'If you guys run into any trouble, no matter where you are, if you're alone, look on your phones, look for the closest rugby pitch, rugby clubhouse. They'll help you out,'" said Mtamakaya.
"The camarederie and friendships that you make travelling to another province to play other teams that you're just meeting and having them reach out like that, it shows what rugby's all about."​
Some folks just can't seem to let go.
A Key West man is behind bars, charged with breaking into his ex-wife's residence, damaging her property then attacking her and her current boyfriend at her place of work.
George Felix Rodriguez is accused of breaking into his ex-wife's place and taking a 65-inch flat screen TV and tossing it over the balcony into the driveway, according to a news release from the Monroe County Sheriff's Office.
Then for good measure, the 50-year-old Key West man left the Sugarloaf Key residence and drove over the TV with his truck, witnesses told deputies.
Rodriguez then drove to his ex-wife 's workplace on Rockland Key, where he allegedlyconfronted her, grabbing her by the hair and hitting her.
The ex-hubby also confronted her current boyfriend, who was also at the workplace, resulting in a struggle in which Rodriguez tried to strike the boyfriend's head on a metal truck bumper. A worker at the business had to pull the two apart, according to the Sheriff's Office.
Deputies found Rodriguez, who was still at the business, and placed under arrest. He is charged with aggravated assault, battery, criminal mischief and burglary, records show.
More FloriDUH
Everybody is all about freedom of speech and expression until a black person (hey, Colin Kaepernick; hey, Jemele Hill) decides to exercise his or her right to do so. And in this particular case, a black sixth-grader out of Michigan says he was assaulted by his homeroom teacher all because he was exercising his rights and declined to stand for the Pledge of Allegiance.
Stone Chaney, who attends East Middle School in Farmington Hills, Mich., told ClickOnDetroit that his teacher “violently” dragged him out of his chair and attempted to force him to stand for the pledge, leaving the young man confused and unwilling to return to that school.
“The teacher consultant comes up behind me and snatches me out of my chair violently,” Stone told the news site. “I was so confused. I didn't know what was going on.”
Note that Stone referred to the individual in question as the “teacher consultant.” That means that the person who allegedly thought it was all right to snatch a child out of his seat trains other teachers. One would wonder what kind of training those other teachers are receiving.
Except I can tell you exactly what, because Stone claims that the very next day after the initial incident, another teacher yelled at him for remaining seated during the pledge.
Advertisement
Stone is very adamant about not standing, saying that he does not pledge to a flag.
“I don't stand because I don't pledge to a flag,” the precocious child explained. “I pledge to God and family.”
Stone's parents are still looking for answers as to how the incident, which occurred Sept. 7., could have unfolded the way it did. His father addressed the district directly at its last board meeting, defending his son's right to do what he wishes when the pledge is being spoken.
Advertisement
“It's his choice to sit,” Brian Chaney said. “I don't make him sit. And they should respect that.”
The superintendent of Farmington Public Schools released a statement detailing that the district does support the right of students to opt out of the pledge, announcing that it was conducting an investigation and that the teacher involved has been placed on administrative leave pending the outcome.
In the meantime, Stone and his family are looking into other options and will probably end up leaving the district, the news station notes.
Advertisement
Read more at ClickOnDetroit.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
“I would have killed that guy, if I knew,” my friend said.
Last week, I drove an old friend to the airport. He'd moved away many years ago. So as I recounted my last relationship — with the flatness of time and years of practice — it fell on him as a fresh horror.
In retrospect, the attack didn't last long: a handful of heartbeats, a few seconds. At the time, it felt neverending. All I could see were the dark pools of his eyes, which stared cold and glassy and hollow. All I could hear was a silence.
Seven years ago, on a breezy day in late August, my live-in partner put his hands around my throat and slammed me into our couch. We'd been arguing, again, and this time his anger lashed out like lightning, a sudden electric shock.
Hey there, time traveller! This article was published 18/9/2017 (526 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
Hey there, time traveller!
This article was published 18/9/2017 (526 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
Seven years ago, on a breezy day in late August, my live-in partner put his hands around my throat and slammed me into our couch. We'd been arguing, again, and this time his anger lashed out like lightning, a sudden electric shock.
In retrospect, the attack didn't last long: a handful of heartbeats, a few seconds. At the time, it felt neverending. All I could see were the dark pools of his eyes, which stared cold and glassy and hollow. All I could hear was a silence.
I believe that “then” doesn't always have to mean “ever”
Last week, I drove an old friend to the airport. He'd moved away many years ago. So as I recounted my last relationship — with the flatness of time and years of practice — it fell on him as a fresh horror.
"I would have killed that guy, if I knew," my friend said.
I shrugged. "Nah," I replied. "Let's not go there. He's not a bad guy."
And it's true, believe it or not, that I don't consider the man who hurt me to be an irredeemably bad person. Years later, unprompted, he wrote me to apologize. It was a sincere apology, issued without requests or qualifications.
Because the apology was offered honestly, I accepted. Somewhere inside, old scars became mended.
So there's no torch for him in my heart now, but no anger either. He was not a healthy person back then, but I believe that "then" doesn't always have to mean "ever." For him and everyone around him, I want only for him to be better.
Yet if he were ever to step forward as a leader, and some enterprising reporter asked me about our time together, I would tell them what happened. I would tell them about those few seconds in August 2010, his hands, my fear.
It's something the public would deserve to know so they could test his avowed transformation. So they could hold him to account, with new information. So they could demand honest answers to the right questions.
This is, of course, a roundabout way of saying that I believe Tara Hart, who — after the case was raised in media coverage — last week told her truth about how Wab Kinew assaulted her in 2003.
For me, it's very simple: there is no credible reason not to believe her.
Hart's account of what happened is supported by her mother and sister, and by court documents filed at the time. (Charges were eventually stayed.) She has nothing to gain by coming forward, and was initially reluctant to do so.
"It's so long ago, it's in the past," she told APTN. "I didn't want it to come out... I wanted this to go away. I wanted the court documents to go away."
On this, I can relate. Confining the past to the past and moving on — that is something I choose every day. That Hart spoke about her experience is incredibly brave. It would have been easier for her to let politics wash her truth away.
And telling my story, too, is a way of saying I understand the cognitive dissonance Kinew's NDP supporters are faced with, two clashing images inside the same picture: one a man they admire, the other a man who hurt an ex-partner.
In truth, it's hard for me to reconcile those pictures, too. I am not close with Kinew, though I know him in passing. I worked with him at CBC, many years ago, and liked him. I saw his gifts as a broadcaster, and long admired them.
So as the news of the 2003 assault charge broke in recent weeks, I, too, needed time to watch what was unfolding. To touch the places in myself that were uncomfortable with what I was learning, and listen to what they were saying.
THE CANADIAN PRESS/John Woods Wab Kinew, Manitoba NDP candidate for Fort Rouge, listens as Premier Greg Selinger responds at a news conference in Winnipeg, Friday, March 11, 2016. The woman at the centre of 14-year-old allegations of domestic violence against Manitoba NDP leadership candidate Wab Kinew says she was thrown across a room and left with rug burn on her legs.
Above all, it was time for me to hear others, especially Indigenous women, lead the conversation.
Now, it is time for me to speak. Because what I have heard from too many NDP supporters has been a whole lot of nothing. When the epitaph for this era of the Manitoba NDP is written, that will be the coldest, hardest reckoning.
After hearing Hart's account, on the cusp of Kinew's leadership victory, the NDP could have chosen many paths to hear and support her. They could have welcomed Hart's disclosure, acknowledged its weight, called for clarity.
“I wish it never came out and didn't have to be this way. I'm sorry if I upset anyone.” – Tara Hart on Facebook
Instead, when confronted with that cognitive dissonance, too many chose to sidestep the issue entirely — at least, until after the leadership vote was done.
That silence has revictimized Hart, to the extent her mother says she is now "in hiding." That silence has left her a vulnerable target — and enabled mudslinging detractors. It has forced her to relive her pain with little protection.
"I wish it never came out and didn't have to be this way," Hart wrote on Facebook last week. "I'm sorry if I upset anyone. I'm sorry I went threw (sic) this and that it came up so long after. I hate it."
This should be utterly unconscionable to all Manitobans, and particularly to all NDP members. A silence that leaves an Indigenous woman so unsupported is completely at odds with the party's claim of being a champion of women.
For this, they cannot point fingers at political shenanigans by the Tories. The silence from some quarters has split the party, at a time when most aim for a unified front. It's hard to be unified when so many feel so betrayed.
On the weekend, several NDP loyalists I know announced they are leaving the party, on the pain of that silence.
So where can a province go from here? As long as the situation remains unresolved — Kinew denies Hart's account of the assault — it will hang over Manitoba politics like a dark fog, obscuring the landscape and hiding the truth.
Wab Kinew is now the leader of the provincial NDP. He is likely to remain so for the foreseeable future. So the NDP will have to find a way forward — and perhaps there are guideposts in previous responses to Kinew's behaviours.
From the beginning of Kinew's political career, his clear ambitions attracted ferocious opposition. In early 2016, the focus landed on his old rap lyrics and tweets, which were splattered with homophobic and misogynistic sentiments.
Yet back then, and before he ran for office, Kinew apologized for those transgressions. He spoke and wrote openly about his struggles with anger, two of his past brushes with the law, and the people that called him to account.
To my mind, at that time, his apology was genuine. The journey to healthier behaviour he described rang true.
Here's another thing, too: many young Indigenous men look up to Kinew. Some of them have struggles in their own pasts, and dream of building better lives. Some have said or done things they do not want to define them forever.
For them, it's important the public be willing to accept that people are not ruled by past mistakes. That people can change, if they accept responsibility, apologize honestly and work to make amends to those they have hurt.
So when Kinew apologized then, it charted a course towards something like healing. He laid out a path that others could follow, to a more positive way of being. He reached out to individuals and groups to make those amends.
What Tara Hart revealed last week, of course, is something else entirely, something far worse than cruel tweets and lyrics. For her, there has been no reconciliation. The way this news broke has only deepened her family's hurt.
"I want to be his friend. I want to forgive him," Wendy Bird, Tara Hart's mother, told the Free Press. "If Wab would come out and say, ‘Yes, I did that… forgive me for what I did.' Us as a family. Women... But he's denying it."
Between that ache for an apology, and Kinew's previous mea culpas, perhaps there's a lesson to be taken.
What the NDP must do, and do now, is publicly plot a course to accountability from its new leader and for survivors. It must acknowledge this effort is coming late — and should have happened before Saturday's leadership vote.
Here, it can look to Indigenous tradition, which has a wealth of knowledge about restorative justice — frameworks that offer stronger roadmaps to uncovering real truth and healing than the institutional justice system.
If Kinew has changed from the person Tara Hart knew, he must once again show us his work
It can begin this process by thanking Tara Hart for telling her story without requesting anything further of her — including her time. It must find a way to offer her the support she needs to navigate the stress it has brought her.
Then, the party must begin to tell the public exactly what Kinew and the NDP have done to address the past and current fractures, what they are doing, and what they intend to do next. This part will be incremental and ongoing.
In short: if Kinew has changed from the person Tara Hart knew, he must once again show us his work.
This needs to happen — and not for Kinew's sake. He is a grown man who has chosen the limelight of a political life; he can shoulder public scrutiny of his current and past actions. The rehabilitation of his image is not a priority here.
No, this is for the sake of Indigenous women and all victims of domestic violence. This is for Tara Hart and other survivors who have and will ever speak out. This is for a future where we can confront these issues head-on.
Yes, even when it comes from people we want to admire. Or at the hands of people we love.
Want to get a head start on your day? Get the day's breaking stories, weather forecast, and more sent straight to your inbox every morning.
And it is for the sake of Manitobans, who, whether they'd ever vote NDP or not, deserve far better from the official opposition. At the very least, come 2020, Manitobans deserve a choice they can make with a clean conscience.
But here, we crash against one hard fact: this type of reconciliation cannot happen if Kinew stands by his statement that the assault never happened. There's no way around it, and as long as it's in place, I don't know what else to say.
So the end brings us back to the beginning, to a simple flame that will not be extinguished: I believe Tara Hart. I believe her when she says that, on one night in 2003, Kinew assaulted her, that she told RCMP and her family.
Like with the man who hurt me, I do not believe this makes him an irredeemably bad person. I do believe it means that we need more than silence, side-stepping or denial from him, and from the party that chose him to lead them.
Faced with that belief, what decisions the NDP makes now will define the party for years to come. For my own sake as a survivor, for the sake of all Manitobans and this province I love, I only hope they can make the right ones.
melissa.martin@freepress.mb.ca
txt-sushi
txt-sushi is a collection of command line utilities for processing comma-separated and tab-delimited files (AKA flat files, spreadsheets). By focusing exclusively on processing text files with a tabular structure, txt-sushi simplifies common tasks like filtering, joining and transformation that would take some effort to accomplish with a more powerful scripting language.
License
The source code is available under the BSD open source license.
Documentation
Building/Revision Control/Issue Tracking/Announcements: txt-sushi can be built with GHC >= 6.10.1 and Cabal. Since txt-sushi is on hackage you should be able to just do: cabal update cabal install txt-sushi Make sure that the cabal bin directory (usually ~/.cabal/bin) is on your PATH
Make sure that the cabal bin directory (usually ~/.cabal/bin) is on your PATH Revision Control and Issue Tracking: the txt-sushi repository is hosted on github
Announcements: txt-sushi Announcement RSS feed. tssql: The tssql utility allows you to use a subset of the SQL SELECT grammar on your flat files. See the csvtotab: txt-sushi is still under active development and has not yet reached 1.0. This means that you can expect it to be a little bit rough around the edges but it should generally work as advertised.The tssql utility allows you to use a subset of the SQL SELECT grammar on your flat files. See the tssql documentation for details.
Converts a comma-delimited file to a tab-delimited file. This command takes one argument which is either a '-' for standard input or a filename.
csvtopretty:
Pretty format a comma-delimited file. Formats columns so that all data in column lines up (see examples above). This command takes one argument which is either a '-' for standard input or a filename.
transposecsv:
Transpose a CSV file. This command takes one argument which is either a '-' for standard input or a filename.
tabtocsv:
Converts a tab-delimited file to a comma-delimited file. This command takes one argument which is either a '-' for standard input or a filename.
tabtopretty:
Pretty format a tab-delimited file. Formats columns so that all data in column lines up. This command takes one argument which is either a '-' for standard input or a filename.
transposetab:
Transpose a tab-delimited file. This command takes one argument which is either a '-' for standard input or a filename.
namecolumns:
Google is pushing their new cloud computing effort, Chrome OS, as the future of computing. It is getting a lot of attention everywhere - more so probably because of the CR-48. However one person is unconvinced with the concept - in fact he is against this developement. And that person is none other than Richard Stallman, the main proponent of free software.
According to Stallman, Chrome OS means users losing control of their data. Although Chrome OS is based on GNU/Linux, it is quite different from other distributions in the sense that it does not allow users to install software and stores as much data as possible in the cloud - which are essentially servers located somewhere.
According to Stallman, if the data is stored in someone else's server, users looses even legal rights over the data.
In the US, you even lose legal rights if you store your data in a company's machines instead of your own. The police need to present you with a search warrant to get your data from you; but if they are stored in a company's server, the police can get it without showing you anything. They may not even have to give the company a search warrant.
In fact, it is not just Chrome OS that Stallman is against - he is against the concept of Cloud Computing. He even mentioned that a better name for Cloud Computing would be "Careless Computing".
This is what Stallman said about Cloud Computing:
I think that marketers like "cloud computing" because it is devoid of substantive meaning. The term's meaning is not substance, it's an attitude: 'Let any Tom, Dick and Harry hold your data, let any Tom, Dick and Harry do your computing for you (and control it).' Perhaps the term 'careless computing' would suit it better.
However the question now is done people really care? In fact many of us already have a lot of data in the cloud. All our emails are stored not with us but with Google, Microsoft, Yahoo! etc. Most of our browsing history is already online, millions of photos are with Facebook, Flickr etc. And with online storage services like Dropbox, Ubuntu One, our files are increasingly getting to the cloud. In fact even this website is located in a server we have never seen hundreds of kilometers away.
It is still possible for people to host their own email servers, their own websites, their own online storage service. But no one does it because not everyone has the expertise to do it and many who can do it, do not consider it worth the trouble.
I agree with Stallman's observation about Cloud Computing. However, unless there is a major goof-up by one of these companies, like misusing user's data, people will simply not care about it.
[via: The Guardian]
[image credit]
Their dedication to the Team Fortress 2 community makes Valve's online shooter a blast.
Online shooters don't evolve. They land on your hard drive, and if there's a bug, or a new map, or a new gun, the developers or publishers might stick out an update. But they are as is, and they'll eventually tire me out.
This was how I expected it to be when Team Fortress 2 launched in October 2007. And back then, at first glance, it was just a brilliant shooter. A few maps, nine classes, lots of fun, and I'd be done with it in six months. Even as I was enjoying playing the Spy, the invisible weakling capable of terrorising teams only when their backs were turned, I was wondering what game was next.
Make the Team
As it turns out, “next” was TF2 . In January 2008, Valve showed me the new game mode, Payload, and the initial designs for the Medic update. As much as they'd perfected the game to the point where they were happy to release it, millions of people playing it had exposed weaknesses in their impeccable design.
This is why I still play Team Fortress 2. Valve's unhappiness with their finished game means I'm never more than a couple of months away from a new reason to play, an extra gun to gain, a different map to explore. The classes have evolved: The Spy is still a weakling, but a new watch allows me to stay invisible as long as I need to. A new knife steals the disguise of the player I just stabbed. A Fez makes me ultra dapper. Every class has a similar story: the Demoman can be a grenade spamming death machine, or a head-lopping front-line warrior. The Sniper's bow encourages him to wander the map, string drawn back, ready to one-hit-kill jerks.
The announcements of these updates are events in themselves. Everything Valve does has to be entertaining, including creating week-long reveals of what they've been working on. They've hid the Spy's update in the Sniper update, having him slowly uncloak on the webpage; they set the Demoman and Soldier to war with each other, battling for the highest kill count.
New ground
Valve have changed the game so much, introducing crafting and a microeconomy, that it's no longer just an online shooter: it's a place where they experiment with the community, taking the game to places that you could never have imagined when it launched. Every change brings new life, new challenges to overcome if they've updated a class you don't play. It's now full of gnarly little encounters: Snipers were given a shield that protects them from a Spy's backstab, so I got proficient with the Spy's powerful Ambassador for headshots. Demomen now have a speed boost that they can use to charge into battle with their giant sword, but a Pyro's airblast can frustrate the raging Scotsman by knocking him back the way he came from.
Which has resulted in my favourite game of the past three years, and nothing being able to topple it this year. I play mostly on the PC Gamer TF2 server. It's a pub, but with plenty of regulars. When we started, 2Fort was where we spent most of our time. Now it's the various payload maps that make up the most popular battlegrounds, Heavies can heal themselves; Scouts are hitting people with fish; people are trading weapons and hats. I've pushed that bomb cart countless miles, ridden on top of it pulling dramatic poses; I've dived in behind it as it was about to tip into a hole full of explosive barrels, stabbing everyone. I've flailed, missed my stabs, ran away from angry Pyros into a sentry gun's range, raging as the kill cam zooms in to show a dancing Engi behind his little nest.
I'm there after every update, and as long as Valve keep updating it, I think I'll keep coming back.
My daughter is around me nearly every waking second. Our conversations are just like any other 5 year old conversation would be. Why is that hot? Why does the tree grow that way? Why is there a ball in our backyard? My personal favorite, why do you shut the door when you go to the bathroom? Being a Stay-at-Home Dad can be very lonely even with little feet walking around and asking the dreaded why questions. My daily routine consists of feeding, playing, feeding, playing, feeding, playing and sleep. My only real social environment is my daughter. When my wife is around Johanna wants to consume every second she can with her. My socialization with my wife begins after Johanna goes to bed. Since she works the night shift, her sleep schedule is off kilter which results in her being tired all the time. There are many other SAHD with a lifestyle similar to mine.
Stay at Home Dads Live in Isolation
Since my side of the family has no interest in my life I don't have much of a relationship with them. Once it a while we visit with my wife's parents and family. However, common interests with them only goes so far. Trying to find people with similar interests in a liberal state like California can be very difficult. Even more so if you have conservative values. I also don't drink. So I can't hang out with someone over a cold beer without them judging me or assuming I am judging them. My realm of social options gets dwindled more and more.
Being a SAHD is unique in many ways. There are a lot of stays at home moms out there. There are a lot of mom cliques but they are not inclusive to men because we have twigged and berries. Even in a society that expanded it's ideas of parenting so much, it's still not inclusive to dads. I guess I'm a threat to other moms' husbands. I get it, however that's part of what makes it so lonely. Also, I don't know how many times I get looked at strangely while at our local park. A couple times I've been asked if I have a child at the park. It's one of those questions I don't want to answer, because there are only two possible answers. Either I do, or I don't. If I say yes, then I'm just a good father and I shouldn't have to acknowledge that. If I say I don't, then I'm a petophile. The question itself already expresses that there is doubt in the reason for my presence at the park. How often are mothers asked, do you have a child here? There is generally already an assumption that indeed a mother has a child there without ill preconceived ideas.
The social net for stay at home dads is very small. More and more fathers stay at home, and yet most remain in isolation for fear of rejection from society. There are some SAHD clubs in larger cities that help fathers socialize. However, in my area there isn't any that I'm aware of. In reality the only socialization I get is from playing video games. Yes, I'm a 33 year old who still plays video games. It's been my only avenue of socialization outside my home and yet it's still in my home. Thanks Wi-Fi. I can vent with strangers that I don't know in person. It allows me to separate from life events that might be stressing me. I can learn about people who I probably would never hang out in person. Most nights I hang out with a New Zealander (Kiwi) and a black guy from Detroit. Often I play with an asian Canadian who used to call himself albino, an asian from Chicago, and an Arabic guy from the Kingdom. I mention race, because my social environment in video games is far more diverse than it ever would be in person. Society seems to be going backwards and trying to segregate ourselves more in more and more by labeling people by groups. Gaming breaks down that barrier. Until l find another avenue socialization, gaming works. Although, I wish it wasn't my only avenue.
It doesn't help that my wife works at night. I call it the graveyard shift. That means I have to crawl in bed with no one there beside me. At times that can be great because I don't have anyone pulling the sheets off me multiple times a night. However, it's also not fun to not have the person next to you who is supposed to be there. Often I wake up worrying that something is wrong because she is not home at her general time, even though there is nothing really to worry about. As a parent who doesn't get much sleep, waking up multiple times worrying makes it even worse. These are my avenues of isolation. I know other dad's have theirs as well. I've only touched the tip of the iceberg.
What to Do if You are Lonely SAHD
Speak out. The more and more of us that speak out, the more people we will have to connect with. I know there are networks out there to connect dads to like minded dads, but often even they fall short. The more and more fathers speak out, the more other dads will listen and more will come out of their isolation.
The last couple years I've been amazed on the lack of television and other avenues who don't mention fathers. Every network only appear support mothers. Disney channel only ever discuss parenting in regards to mothers. It was a saving grace that a few weeks ago I came across a commercial on the Sprout Network. A father appeared with a newborn and his numerous bottles. He was getting a hang of the father routine. There should be more of this type of advertisement. It's an affirmation that fathers can indeed do a proper job at parenting. It's also an expression of society accepting this new trend. Hopefully it will help fathers to not feel lonely as well.
I know my Daddy's Turn website is very young. Hopefully though it will be an avenue to connect readers to each other. I hope it will help future fathers to make healthy decisions. I hope people will comment and promote further discussion in father parenting. I hope to emphasize the importance of fathers in a child's life. I hope to bring fathers out of isolation. So pass me on to other stay at home dads. I'd appreciate it. Yes, being a Stay-at-Home Dad can be very lonely. Hopefully though there is light at the end of the tunnel.
Ottawa high school basketball star Eddie Ekiyor, pictured here in his Team Canada jersey, is a top prospect for U.S. colleges. (Canada Basketball) An Ottawa high school basketball star considered a top prospect by U.S. colleges has been charged with failing to remain at the scene and criminal negligence causing bodily harm after an off-duty police officer was hit while cycling in Barrhaven Saturday morning.
Eddie Ekiyor, 18, was arrested at his home on Saturday after another off-duty police officer saw the suspect vehicle, CBC News has learned.
Valerie Curcio, an officer in the fraud unit, was hit near the intersection of Leikin Drive and Holitzner Way around 7:30 a.m. She remains in hospital in serious condition but her injuries are not considered life-threatening, police said Monday.
Ekiyor has been released on bail. He is scheduled to return to court on Aug. 25.
Ekiyor is a student at New Hampton School, a college preparatory school in New Hampshire. The six-foot-eight forward is also a member of Team Canada. He represented Canada at the 2014 U17 World Championships in Dubai, according to Canada Basketball.
Anyone with information about the hit and run is asked to call police at 613-236-1222 (ext. 2481) or Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477.
The young female creators of land-rights app Sigeste are part of a push to get girls coding in the west African country
Buying land to build on in Senegal can be a nightmare. There are plenty of empty-looking plots in desirable areas, but woe betide the novice buyer.
Scams abound, and any one plot might have five “owners” – each of whom has paid and thinks it is all theirs. “Not for sale” is scrawled on walls across the country as a rudimentary prevention tactic.
Soon, though, buyers will have an easier way of telling what is really for sale, as four young coders have created an app that should thwart the scammers.
I can imagine a Senegalese woman at the head of Google
The “women in charge”, as Sigeste's creators call themselves, are uploading digitised title deeds from the local authority, so that when you look at a map of your area on their app, you can see which bits of land are owned and which are still available.
Nellya Maylis, 24, in geek-chic glasses and a bright flowered headwrap, opened her laptop to explain how it works.
“These are free bits of land, and these are taken. But only the council can see who owns each bit of land – we protect people's data and don't share that information,” she said, pointing at blue and pink patches on the map.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Nellya Maylis, one of the women in charge at Sigeste. Photograph: Ruth Maclean for the Guardian
Maylis and her three friends are ambitious young computer programmers who study together in the northern city of Saint-Louis, and are part of a growing push to get girls coding in Senegal and several other African countries.
Coding clubs have been set up for girls between the age of five and 24 as part of a #RewritingTheCode campaign started by the charity Theirworld, founded by Sarah Brown, the wife of former British prime minister Gordon Brown. The idea is that girls are born with a certain code, a set of expectations about them that say that they belong at home, and that careers, particularly in technology, are not for them. This code needs to be rewritten, the charity says.
Despite these cultural barriers, Senegalese women have much to offer, according to Bitilokho Ndiaye, the adviser on technology and gender at the country's ministry of post and telecommunications. As a young girl, Ndiaye was expected to do well in her studies and do a lot of chores at home – something that was not asked of her brothers. Her frustration at wanting to achieve professionally but being so short of time led her to try to push for more equality for girls.
“I can imagine a Senegalese woman at the head of Google without a problem,” she said.
Can the internet reboot Africa? Read more
So keen is the Senegalese government to get girls into careers in science, technology, engineering and maths, it has opened new universities, set up technology competitions and held open days in government agencies to show them what working in technology looks like. There are more and more jobs being created in these sectors, and the government wants to make sure that girls are in a position to get them.
“We've started a programme to ensure the training of girls in technology and everything digital, as we realised that there really aren't a lot of young girls and women in the sector. We're also trying to push entrepreneurship – to give girls what they need to be entrepreneurs in the tech sector,” Ndiaye said. “Infrastructure-wise, there's no obstacle in Senegal. What the obstacle is is all of the socio-cultural stereotypes and judgments around the issue of women in technology. And we're trying to deconstruct that stereotype.”
Each year the ministry runs a startup weekend for 100 girls in the telecoms sector, where they pitch their ideas for information and communications technology projects on anything from health and education to the environment and women's rights. The ministry picks the best ideas and finances them.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Bitilokho Ndiaye, the adviser on technology and gender at Senegal's ministry of post and telecommunications. Photograph: Ruth Maclean for the Guardian
A 26-hectare digital park is being built in Senegal's new “smart city”, Diamniadio – aimed at attracting companies from all over the world, growing local digital business and increasing e-government services. With $80m in funding from the African Development Bank, the government hopes at least 35,000 jobs will be created there by 2025.
The technology push goes beyond government. Unesco in Dakar is helping young women develop mobile apps like Sigeste – and the solutions they are coming up with are aimed at solving very local problems.
One app helps people exchange books, which are expensive and in short supply in Senegal, and offers online classes. Another helps women track the health of their babies, sharing the information with their doctor and giving reminders for checkups and vaccinations.
An app being developed will let users report rubbish in the street to the local authority, and another helps find lost children.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Moussoukoro Diop: ‘You can stay here in Senegal and do well.' Photograph: Ruth Maclean for the Guardian
This local focus is important to Moussoukoro Diop, a prominent Senegalese technology blogger and computer engineer who describes herself as “open in spirit, but very anchored in tradition”, who gets homesick and misses her mother when she goes abroad, and wants to stem the flow of Senegalese people seeking work in the west.
“Above all, I want to show children and young people that in order to succeed you don't need to leave the country,” she said. “You can stay here in Senegal and do well. This is a big issue for us – people leave to try to make it, but you can stay and be happy and successful. I don't want to say that the next Mark Zuckerberg or head of Google will come from Senegal – rather, we can create our own tools that can be exported globally.”
To do this, she said, the country needs to prepare them better for the reality of modern work – being a self-starter.
“Entrepreneurship is really important here because it's difficult to find exactly the job that you want, and even if you have a diploma you might still not find employment,” Diop said. “People are leaving Senegal to look for work as salaried employees, but there's a lot of opportunity for entrepreneurs in Senegal. It's more important to prepare them for that than to be traditional employees. The world of work is changing. And technology and entrepreneurship go hand in hand.”
Young women are already doing this, though they may go unnoticed, according to Ndiaye.
“Women are dynamic, they build things that may not be visible yet, but you'll be surprised by the contribution to technology that women here will make in Senegal and beyond,” she said. “When you hear women talk, you realise that they are in fact beyond what the state has proposed for them.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
// OO.ready(function() { OO.Player.create('ooyalaplayer', 'R0bmQ2aDq_PezIDPFcR2cGBN0P0NRlG6', {"autoplay":true}); }); //
When Elon Musk announced his concept for the Hyperloop transportation system a few months ago, many critics scoffed at the idea.
Musk knows it's no small task to build the Hyperloop. In fact, he doesn't have much time on his hands these days, so he's hoping someone else takes on the project. But if no one does, Musk says he'd at least build a Hyperloop prototype.
Speaking at Business Insider's IGNITION conference today, Musk gave some more details about where he sees the Hyperloop in the future.
"If no one else builds the prototype, I probably will," Musk said. "Maybe in a few years if there isn't one, I'd build it. I think it'd be a super fun ride. It'd be like Space Mountain but when you get out you're somewhere else."
Musk also dismissed critics who say the Hyperloop won't work. Specifically, he addressed complaints that the Hyperloop would be a bumpy ride. Not so.
"This would be like an airplane without turbulence," Musk said.
Keep up with Business Insider Video on Facebook and Twitter.
THE internet is abuzz this week with speculation about Stuxnet, a "groundbreaking" computer worm that attacks industrial-control systems. Put that way, it doesn't sound very exciting. But the possibility that it might have been aimed at one set of industrial-control systems in particular—those inside Iranian nuclear facilities—has prompted one security expert to describe Stuxnet as a "cyber-missile", designed to seek out and destroy a particular target. Its unusual sophistication, meanwhile, has prompted speculation that it is the work of a well-financed team working for a nation state, rather than a group of rogue hackers trying to steal industrial secrets or cause trouble. This, in turn, has led to suggestions that Israel, known for its high-tech prowess and (ahem) deep suspicion of Iran's nuclear programme, might be behind it. But it is difficult to say how much truth there is in this juicy theory.
The facts are these. Stuxnet first came to light in June, when it was identified by VirusBlokAda, a security firm based in Belarus. The following month Siemens, a German industrial giant, warned its customers that their "supervisory control and data acquisition" (SCADA) management systems were vulnerable to the worm. Specifically, it targets a piece of Siemens software, called WinCC, which runs on Microsoft Windows. For security reasons such systems are usually not connected to the internet. But Stuxnet spreads via USB memory sticks, or key drives. When an infected memory stick is plugged into a computer, the Stuxnet software checks to see if WinCC is running. If it is, it tries to log in, install a backdoor control system and contact a server in Malaysia for instructions. If it cannot find a copy of WinCC, it looks for other USB devices and tries to copy itself onto them. It can also spread across local networks via shared folders and print spoolers. (Here are the gory details.)
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
At first it was assumed that Stuxnet was designed to conduct industrial espionage or allow hackers to hold companies to ransom by threatening to shut down vital systems. But it has some unusual characteristics. WinCC is a reasonably obscure SCADA management system. Hackers hoping to target as many companies as possible would have focused on other, more popular, control systems. And according to Ralph Langner, a German security expert who published his own analysis last week, Stuxnet examines the system it is running on and, only if certain very specific characteristics are found, shuts down specific processes. All this suggests that a particular system was being targeted.
Moreover, Stuxnet uses the combination of two compromised security certificates (stolen from companies in Taiwan) and a previously unknown security hole in Windows to launch itself automatically when a user tries to access a memory stick on which it is installed. The use of previously unknown security holes (known in the trade as "zero-day vulnerabilities") by viruses is not unusual. But Stuxnet can exploit four entirely different ones in order to worm its way into a system. Normally, anyone who discovers a new zero-day exploit can expect to sell it for a handsome fee to hackers who can then make use of it. Whoever built Stuxnet, however, was prepared to pay for four such exploits, which cannot have been cheap, to boost its chances of success. They also had deep knowledge of particular control systems. So it seems to be an expensive piece of software aimed at one specific facility.
But which one? Microsoft said in August that more than 45,000 computers around the world had been infected by Stuxnet. An analysis by Symantec, a computer-security firm, found that 60% of infected machines were in Iran, 18% in Indonesia and 8% in India. It could be just a coincidence that Iran has been the hardest hit. But if Stuxnet has been deliberately aimed at Iran, one possible target is its Bushehr nuclear reactor, though there is no specific evidence for this. It is true that according to this screenshot from UPI, the Bushehr reactor is controlled by Siemens systems, including the WinCC software that Stuxnet targets. Dr Langner speculates that it could have been infected via AtomStroyExport, the Russian firm that is building the plant. Bushehr has been dogged by problems for years and its opening was recently delayed once again. But given the long history of delays, there is no need to invoke a computer worm to explain the latest one. A rival theory is that the target was Iran's uranium-enrichment plant at Natanz, and that Stuxnet successfully shut down some of its centrifuges in early 2009.
We are deep into the realm of speculation here. Readers are invited to follow the links in this post to wade as far as they like into the various conspiracy theories floating around (such as this one, which spots a Biblical reference in a project name buried in the Stuxnet code). Two further reports on the worm are due to be released at a computer-security conference starting in Vancouver on September 29th. They may clear up some of the mysteries surrounding Stuxnet—but they may simply prompt further speculation.
UNIVERSITY PARK, Pa. -- An accidental discovery of a "quantum Etch-a-Sketch" that may lead to the next generation of advanced computers and quantum microchips has been made by team of scientists from Penn State University and the University of Chicago. The researchers accidentally discovered a new way of using beams of light to draw and erase quantum-mechanical circuits on topological insulators, a unique class of materials with intriguing electronic properties.
The research, led by Nitin Samarth, professor and Downsbrough Head of Physics at Penn State, and David D. Awschalom, Liew Family Professor and deputy director in the Institute of Molecular Engineering at the University of Chicago, was published in the October 9 issue of Science Advances, an online journal of the American Association for the Advancement of Science.
The new technique is more flexible than advanced nanofabrication facilities based on chemical processing because it allows for rewritable "optical fabrication" of the topological insulators. "This observation came as a complete surprise," Awschalom said. "It's one of those rare moments in experimental science where a seemingly random event -- turning on the room lights -- generated unexpected effects with potentially important impacts in science and technology."
The electrons in topological insulators have unique quantum properties that many scientists believe will be useful for developing spin-based electronics and quantum computers. However, making even the simplest experimental circuits with these materials has proved difficult because traditional semiconductor engineering techniques tend to destroy their fragile quantum properties. Even a brief exposure to air can reduce their quality.
The researchers discovered an optical effect that allows them to "tune" the energy of electrons in these materials using light, without ever having to touch the material itself. They have used this effect to draw and erase one of the central components of a transistor -- the p-n junction -- in a topological insulator for the first time.
Like many advances in science, the path to this discovery had an unexpected twist. "To be honest, we were trying to study something completely different," said Andrew Yeats, a graduate student in Awschalom's laboratory and the paper's lead author. "There was a slow drift in our measurements that we traced to a particular type of fluorescent lights in our lab. At first we were glad to be rid of it, and then it struck us -- our room lights were doing something that people work very hard to do in these materials."
The researchers went back to Bulley & Andrews, the contractor that renovated the lab space for more information about the lights. "I've never had a client so obsessed with the overhead lighting," said Frank Floss, superintendent for Bulley & Andrews Construction. "I could have never imagined how important it would turn out to be."
The researchers found that the surface of strontium titanate, the substrate material on which they had grown their samples, becomes electrically polarized when exposed to ultraviolet light, which their room lights happened to emit at just the right wavelength. The electric field from the polarized strontium titanate was leaking into the topological insulator layer, changing its electronic properties.
Awschalom and his colleagues found that, by intentionally focusing beams of light on their samples, they could draw electronic structures that persisted long after the light was removed. "It's like having a sort of quantum Etch-a-Sketch in our lab," he said. They also found that bright red light counteracted the effect of the ultraviolet light, allowing them to both write and erase. "Instead of spending weeks in the clean room and potentially contaminating our materials," Awschalom said, "now we can sketch and measure devices for our experiments in real time. When we're done, we just erase it and make something else. We can do this in less than a second."
At Penn State, Samarth said "One exciting aspect of this work is that it's noninvasive. Since the electrical polarization occurs in an adjacent material, and the effect persists in the dark, the topological insulator remains relatively undisturbed. With these fragile quantum materials, sometimes you have to use a light touch."
To test whether the new technique might interfere with the unique properties of topological insulators, the team measured their samples in high magnetic fields. They found promising signatures of an effect called weak anti-localization, which arises from quantum interference between the different simultaneous paths that electrons can take through a material when they behave as waves.
To better understand the physics behind the effect, the researchers conducted a number of control measurements which showed that the optical effect is not unique to topological insulators, but can act on other materials grown on strontium titanate, as well.
"In a way, the most exciting aspect of this work is that it should be applicable to a wide range of nanoscale materials such as complex oxides, graphene, and transition metal dichalcogenides," said Awschalom. "It's not just that it's faster and easier. This effect could allow electrical tuning of materials in a wide range of optical, magnetic, and spectroscopic experiments where electrical contacts are extremely difficult or simply impossible."
The research was supported by the U.S. Office of Naval Research, Air Force Office of Scientific Research, and Army Research Office.
Twitter's new vice president of inclusion and diversity Candi Castleberry-Singleton (Photo11: Twitter)
SAN FRANCISCO — Twitter has hired Candi Castleberry-Singleton as its new vice president of inclusion and diversity in the latest bid by co-founder and chief executive Jack Dorsey to make the social media service better reflect the demographics of its users.
Castleberry-Singleton, who has spent years working in the field of inclusion and diversity, replaces Jeffrey Siminoff, who stepped down in February.
In Castleberry-Singleton, Twitter has tapped someone with experience working on initiatives for major corporations. At Motorola, she was vice president of global inclusion and diversity, and at Sun Microsystems, she led the Global Inclusion Center of Expertise. She came from a background in sales and marketing at Xerox.
Her approach to corporate drives for more diversity: Making sure it's "built in, not bolted on."
"I'm so excited to join the team at Twitter to lead inclusion and diversity efforts for employees and the Twitter community," Castleberry-Singleton said in a statement. "I look forward to bringing what I've learned to Twitter."
Excited to welcome @candi to lead our inclusion and diversity efforts @twitter. Welcome to the flock! — jack (@jack) June 27, 2017
Dorsey made the announcement in a tweet: "Excited to welcome @candi to lead our inclusion and diversity efforts @twitter. Welcome to the flock!"
Twitter, which has come under fire for the lack of women and people of color in its ranks, has had three diversity chiefs. Siminoff replaced Janet Van Huysse in 2015. At the time hiring a white man to lead diversity efforts ignited controversy inside and outside Twitter which is especially popular with African Americans.
According to Pew Research Center, 28% of Internet users who are African American useTwitter and 28% who are Hispanic or Latino use Twitter, while 20% of Internet users who are white use it.
The people who frequent the social media service may hail from diverse backgrounds but employees of the social media company do not. Nine out of 10 employees are white or Asian and about two-thirds are men. Four percent of Twitter staffers are Latino or Hispanic and 3% are African-American.
Diversity has taken on growing urgency in the tech industry, especially in its power center of Silicon Valley. Tech companies here, staffed mostly by white and Asian men, fear they will lose touch with the diverse nation — and world — that form their consumer base. At the same time, women and underrepresented minorities are being shut out of one of the fastest-growing, highest-paying sectors of the American economy.
Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey said last year: "We are not going to be relevant unless we are inclusive, unless we are representative of who we serve." (Photo11: Kelly Sullivan, Getty Images for Sierra Club)
Castleberry-Singleton said in April that she considers herself a diversity and inclusion leader.
"I get up every day believing there are more good people in the world than bad people and there is more good in the world than evil. It is the only way I can do this work," she said.
During the course of her work and in speaking engagements, Castleberry-Singleton has challenged practices that are commonplace in the tech industry where hiring patterns are entrenched and self reinforcing. "If we only recommend people we know for jobs, we all need to make new friends," she has said.
She's also called on corporations to go beyond "the illusion of inclusion." "It's the difference between mentorship and sponsorship — that means you have skin in the game. It takes a conscious personal commitment from everyone," according to Castleberry-Singleton.
The Los Angeles native received an MBA from Pepperdine University, a bachelor's degree in legal studies from UC Berkeley and completed the Stanford University Executive Human Resources program. Most recently, she was founder and CEO of the Dignity and Respect Campaign, helping organizations and communities champion inclusion and build cultural awareness. She developed the campaign at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center.
She says diversity must have been seen as a core business goal that is essential to a company's success.
"When that is the case, people will find ways to solve the challenges of diversity. Just as important, they will watch for and respond to the social identity cues that show that inclusion is a core task, and not a peripheral one," Castleberry-Singleton wrote in a chapter of Crossing the Divide: Intergroup Leadership in a World of Difference.
The commitment must be embraced by an organization's leaders and must be backed up "by commitments and resources that lend conviction to their words," she said.
Dorsey has identified diversity as a priority for Twitter. Last year he said: "We are not going to be relevant unless we are inclusive, unless we are representative of who we serve."
A former engineering manager, Leslie Miley, had challenged the company's commitment to diversity. Miley was the sole African-American engineer in a leadership position at Twitter. His public criticism of the company struck a national nerve, intensifying scrutiny of the social media service.
"Only when leaders make the case that diversity equals increased value to owners, employees, and customers can diversity become a part of the company's identity and a core strand of its strategy and objectives," Castleberry-Singleton wrote. "If it is important to corporate leaders, it will be important to employees."
RELATED:
Jack Dorsey pledges to make Twitter inclusive
Twitter boosts board diversity with BET CEO
Jesse Jackson asks Twitter for racial breakdown of layoffs
Twitter's diversity commitment questioned by former engineer
Civil rights activists target Twitter over diversity
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2thoFGN
According to news reports the fascist internationale's conference in Budapest was cancelled by order of Hungarian President Viktor Orban himself, a man who's said he wants to end liberal democracy.
So maybe what we've got is a right-wing strongman superseding a fascist movement, sort of like what Franco did with the Falangists.
Or is that quite right? The group in question was quoting civil rights hymns after being banned and vowing to carry on — apparently by holding private gathering that was broken up by the cops — could it be that we're talking about a racial justice organization being suppressed by majoritarian tyranny? We appear to have a glitch in the matrix along these lines, with a Buzzfeed reporter tweeting that the detentions of white nationalists were “fast becoming a Hungarian free speech issue.”
Both interpretations probably give the conference too much credit. Both of their marquee partnerships pulled out or didn't show; Jobbik and Aleksander Dugin (whom the conference organizer's wife did translation work for). Though Jobbik still apparently claims it's not a racist conference.
Anyway, Richard Spencer bet on Hungary, with a right wing among the strongest in Europe, as being hospitable to the sort of ideas that are expressed at your average NPI conference. This was not just incorrect, but as Jobbik pulling out seems to suggest, vastly unrealistic.
I'm reminded of this piece by Dalibor Rohac which conflated Orban with neoreaction and the European New Right. I don't mean to pick on him. It's a good example of the way most people think. But it's too simple to explain the situation in Budapest. Clearly what we're dealing with is at least not a unified threat. (To catch up, check out Paul Brian's Youtube channel and Twitter feed).
Look at how Spencer frames his objections to being detained:
“I find this quite depressing. We were obeying the law, we were meeting privately. This is not a conference, this is not a public event. I don't know exactly what we're being charged with. … They're essentially just scaring people.
Apparently he's failed to appreciate that, while he may be visiting what is nominally still a degenerate democracy, the present government is less than scrupulous about things like free expression and due process. What did he expect?
Here's hoping next year Orban does the same to the commies.
*****
The path to a healthier society does not run through tattoos in gothic lettering, track jackets, Thor's hammer necklaces, some easily-shared “architectural treasure,” and all the other activist nonsense NPI serves as the (ever-so-slightly more) respectable face of. This is true no matter how accessible the Internet has made their message.
This is one of today's readings, I'll just leave it here:
Let me now sing of my friend,
my friend's song concerning his vineyard.
My friend had a vineyard
on a fertile hillside;
he spaded it, cleared it of stones,
and planted the choicest vines;
within it he built a watchtower,
and hewed out a wine press.
Then he looked for the crop of grapes,
but what it yielded was wild grapes. Now, inhabitants of Jerusalem and people of Judah,
judge between me and my vineyard:
What more was there to do for my vineyard
that I had not done?
Why, when I looked for the crop of grapes,
did it bring forth wild grapes?
Now, I will let you know
what I mean to do with my vineyard:
take away its hedge, give it to grazing,
break through its wall, let it be trampled!
Yes, I will make it a ruin:
it shall not be pruned or hoed,
but overgrown with thorns and briers;
I will command the clouds
not to send rain upon it.
The vineyard of the LORD of hosts is the house of Israel,
and the people of Judah are his cherished plant;
he looked for judgment, but see, bloodshed!
for justice, but hark, the outcry! (Isaiah 5: 1-7)
PayPal has outlined a range of biometric solutions, including vein recognition, ingestible technology and computer chip tattoos, that could potentially replace the password.
The importance of finding an alternative security standard the traditional password has never been higher, given the rise in mobile payment technology. Now PayPal's global head of developer advocacy, Jonathan LeBlanc, has outlined some potential solutions in a presentation called "Kill all Passwords".
We may already be starting to get used to the idea of using fingerprints to access our smartphones and other devices, but these are not failsafe. LeBlanc is keen that we look inwards for alternatives. In particular, he says, there is a need to quash the rates of false negatives that stop valid users from logging in and false positives that allow invalid users past the firewall.
Advertisement
The answer lies in users being able to use brain implants, heartbeat monitors and vein recognition to assert their identity, LeBlanc suggests. In an interview with the Wall Street Journal, LeBlanc also said that ingestible authentication devices could contain batteries that would be powered by stomach acid. In the presentation, he compares the concept to existing medical "ingestibles" that can be used to monitor blood pressure, digestive health and glucose levels in diabetics.
Other solutions could involve silicon chips being embedded under the skin or "wearable computer tattoos". A picture of one of these in the presentation shows various sensors including temperature, strain gauges and ECG monitors incorporated in chip inserted under the skin with a wireless power coil and antenna also built in.
Read next In an uncertain world, security lies in your own fingerprints In an uncertain world, security lies in your own fingerprints
Jonathan LeBlanc
PayPal is just one industry expert among many with a focus on biometric security. The company is a member of the FIDO Alliance, a coalition of companies that includes the likes of Samsung and Qualcomm who are working towards building a secure protocol that can be used with a range of different "authenticators" to keep our data safe.
Fundamentally the FIDO protocol is based around the idea that there is no value for hackers in tapping into the back end of the system -- all of the value is placed in the transaction that happens in the front end, where a user asserts their presence through their fingerprint, their heartbeat or any other biometric identifier.
Advertisement
Despite expressing enthusiasm about biometrics, LeBlanc has been cagey about which technologies PayPal wants to introduce to the market. "I can't speculate as to what PayPal will do in the future, but we're looking at new techniques -- we do have fingerprint scanning that is being worked on right now -- so we're definitely looking at the identity field," he told the Wall Street Journal.
While much biometric technology is still at concept stage, the biohacking community is already experimenting with it. Security company Kaspersky announced back in February that it was partnering with the BioNyfiken hacking collective to research the potential for smart, sub-dermal implants. "The technology is already happening," said Hannes Sjoblad, one of the founders of BioNyfiken, when the partnership was announced. "We are seeing a fast-growing community of people experimenting with chip implants, which allow users to quickly and easily perform a variety of everyday tasks, such as allowing access to buildings, unlocking personal devices without PIN codes and enabling read access to various types of stored data."
Update (21.04.15): A PayPal spokesperson tells WIRED.co.uk: "We have no plans to develop injectable or edible verification systems. It's clear that passwords as we know them will evolve and we aim to be at the forefront of those developments. We were a founding member of the FIDO alliance, and the first to implement fingerprint payments with Samsung. New PayPal-driven innovations such as one touch payments make it even easier to remove the friction from shopping. We're always innovating to make life easier and payments safer for our customers no matter what device or operating system they are using."
Last night my wife and I were watching a Forensic Files episode where a husband murdered his wife after she: 1) Decided to divorce him and take half of their assets and 2) Revealed that his oldest son wasn't really his, and that she was going to announce this to the son and everyone at the son's graduation party. The episode is titled Hell's Kitchen. Skip to 3:30 to see the details of her despicable plan:
After seeing this my wife pointed out that if there is ever a reason for murder, this was a very good one. Not only was the wife intentionally humiliating her husband (who did nothing wrong other than trust her), but she was planning on humiliating the son as well. What young man wants his mother to announce that she is a whore and he is a bastard at his graduation party?
As has been mentioned many times on the manosphere, cuckoldry is an extremely vicious act, and roughly equivalent to forcible rape in the rage and humiliation it imposes on the victims. Both the child and the man tricked into false paternity are deeply harmed when the truth ultimately comes out.
My wife is a huge UFC fan, and her favorite fighter is Randy Couture. In his autobiography he talks about the impact his uncertain paternity has had on both his father and himself. His father had gone to his grave not wanting a paternity test, because he was too afraid to know the answer. This pain haunted the son as well, even though he is arguably one of the toughest men in the world. Cuckoldry is absolutely devastating.
We've seen another high profile example of this recently with the highly publicized Arnold Schwarzenegger case. While there is much deserved derision for Arnold and hand wringing for his wronged wife and bizarrely the woman he cheated with, there is little attention given to the maid's cuckolded ex husband or her son (click for video of ex husband).
All of these raises the question of how often this kind of thing occurs. I've seen all sorts of estimates referenced in the manosphere, but very seldom is there a link to an actual study. The best article I've been able to find on the issue is from Psychology Today. According to the article, The standard nonpaternity rate that is most commonly mentioned across cultural settings is 10%. The article references a study which took this a step further, and looked at cuckoldry rates based on the confidence of the father:
Dr. Anderson gathered nonpaternity rates from 67 published sources, with a broad spectrum of countries covered. Prior to reading on, any guesses as to the nonpaternity rates of men who had high paternity confidence versus their low confidence counterparts? Here are the nonpaternity rates for the two groups: US & Canada Europe Elsewhere High paternity confidence 1.9 1.6 2.9 Low paternity confidence 29.4 29.8 30.5 There you have it. Note that for each of the two groups of men, the rates are roughly the same around the various global regions. The bottom line is as follows: If you commission a DNA paternity test, you have roughly a one-third chance of the child not being yours. On the other hand, if you are confident that your wife has not had any extramarital dalliances then the probability of your having been cuckolded is very low (but still far from negligible).
Whichever statistic you look at, obviously this is a huge problem. Furthermore, it is a huge problem which can largely be avoided. The bulk of financial fraud and the humiliation for both the child and the presumed father occurs due to the deception which is continued for years after birth. Additionally, men are further punished by the court systems and are forced to pay child support for children they can prove are not theirs. The current system is designed such that it inflicts maximum suffering on men and children, while offering the maximum incentive for women to be deceitful.
This isn't just a problem of men having money fraudulently taken from them, they also face the risk of being sent to jail. Consider the case of Francisco Rodriguez (emphasis mine):
Francisco Rodriguez owes more than $10,000 in back child support payments in a paternity case involving a 15-year-old girl who, according to DNA results and the girl's mother, is not his daughter… Yet the state of Florida is continuing to push him to pay $305 a month to support the girl, as well as the more than $10,000 already owed. He spent a night in jail because of his delinquent payments. Why is he in such a bind? He missed the deadline to legally contest paternity. That's because, he says, the paperwork didn't reach him until after the deadline had passed.
The obvious answer to the problem is to positively identify paternity via DNA when filling out the birth certificate. A lawmaker in Georgia proposed a bill which would have done exactly this back in 2008. I don't see any reference to it passing so I am assuming it failed. In the article on the bill, they quote two women who are adamantly against making such testing mandatory:
“I do not support a paternity bill,” said state Rep. Sherry Jones, a Nashville Democrat. “I think it's a real affront to women to say that every baby born has to have a paternity test.” Rebecca Kopp agrees. She recently finished filling out the birth certificate paperwork for her three-month-old son. “I think it's offensive because I am married,” Kopp said. “Even for women who aren't married, if they want to get a birth certificate, I think that that should be their right. I don't think they should have to prove who the father is.”
Ironically it is married men who are most legally susceptible to false paternity in the state of Georgia:
Right now, if a woman has been married for 300 days before their baby was born, the husband's name automatically goes on the birth certificate. If a woman is not married and wants the father's name on the paperwork, she has to get a paternity test and have it notarized before the father's name is listed.
If you aren't outraged after reading all of this, you are one cold and calculating person.
Taking this back to the conversation I had with my wife, while she was very sympathetic to the husband who murdered his cuckolding wife, she was very much against the idea of mandatory paternity testing. She felt that it was accusing honest women of being whores (she had the same objection to the mandatory blood test for AIDS when our son was born, but did submit to it). I pointed out that cuckolding occurs because honest women are inadvertantly giving shelter to dishonest women by reacting this way. Any man who asks for a paternity test is risking massive strife with the presumed mother of his child. Honest women will be enraged because their honor is being challenged, and dishonest women will act the same way to prevent from being caught. After a fairly spirited discussion she changed her view and agreed that mandatory testing made sense, but she was very frustrated that we lived in a society where this was needed in the first place.
Part of what I explained when discussing this with my wife is how suspicious the attitude of most women on this is to men. Country Lawyer's comment on my post on conservative women wanting to ensure hookups were satisfying to women probably best states this view:
It is quite simple Dalrock. Does it advantage the man or the woman? That is all it takes. I don't care if its conservative, religious, secular, feminist, or moonbat witchery women, that is all the math they do. If it advances women they are all for it (because they place themselves in the position of the woman) if it doesn't they are against it. That's it. that's as high as their moral development climbs.
This had me thinking of how one might prove this one way or another. Is this a case of honest women sheltering the dishonest in their midst, at great cost to innocent men and children? With this in mind, I propose an alternate policy as a sort of litmus test. The birth certificate application section filled out by the mother should include an optional box for her to check if she swears under penalty of law that it is absolutely impossible that another man could be the child's father. The law should require a minimum penalty of 5 years prison for checking this box if the child is later shown to not be related to the father. If the box is unchecked, a paternity test is required to put the father's name on the certificate. Furthermore a man should never be jailed or forced to pay child support for a child he can prove he didn't father. The man should also have legal recourse against the mother for any financial support he was tricked or legally forced into providing.
This would overturn the current dynamic. Women who declined to check the optional absolutely certain of paternity box would not be able to play the but don't you trust me? card.
I ran this idea past my wife and she accepted it without hesitation. Her reply was:
If a woman isn't a whore, she won't have any problems with the law or with checking the box.
Advertisements
Still shot from
viral video
of a man seriously raging on an LA freeway.
One of my fellow classmates moved to Los Angeles recently, and this was how she summarized her experience thus far: "People here are all so laid back, but as soon as they get in their cars they go insane!" She's from New York, so I'm sure "laid back" is relative, but she's right: people change when they get in their cars here, becoming more aggressive, easily (and visibly) frustrated, and meaner. Highway congestion tends to get the brunt of the blame for this, and that's understandable, given that
it's the worst in the nation
.
Often overlooked, however, are the local and arterial streets in the region, which seem to be designed with the specific intent of frustrating drivers, pedestrians, and bicyclists alike. They often encourage dangerous, aggressive behavior and breed animosity between those in vehicles and those on foot. I've been in LA a month; here's what I've seen so far.
Left-turn signals
This was by far the most surprising difference between LA and other cities I've been to. In most cities, if left turns are allowed at major intersections they have left-turn arrows that turn green for a few seconds, then they turn red and the forward-traveling traffic is given the green. Here, when you need to take a left turn at an intersection, you are usually given a turn lane, but no light to accompany it. You wait until all the traffic in the opposing lanes clears out, then you go. Or, if it never clears, as is the case at hundreds if not thousands of intersections across the city, you wait until the light turns red and then you go, as do one or two people behind you. If you
don't
run the red light, expect to be honked at vigorously and angrily, because obeying the traffic signals while making a left turn in LA is
just not done
.
An open letter to the 2011-12 Chicago Bulls:
With what happened to Derrick in Game 1, it would be easy to hang your heads right now. You could lose sight of the ultimate goal and give up before the rest of the games have even been played. But I know that's not even a consideration for this group. And that's exactly why you'll make me, Derrick, the organization, and the city of Chicago so proud.
To a man, it's time for each of you to take a look in the mirror. Decide who you really are and what you represent as a basketball player. Reflect on what you have brought to the table for your team all season long and why you're a valuable member of the Bulls. Because all of you have contributed to this team's incredible success. Ask yourself what you can do for the team moving forward. Whether it's through your verbal leadership or diving on the floor after a loose ball, it's going to be all about grinding it out moving forward. If there is one piece of advice I can offer you, it's to put every last ounce of effort you have out there to make everyone proud—Derrick, the fans, and first and foremost, yourself.
Your team has come a long way in terms of what it has been able to achieve this season. And that was done collectively, as a group. It has never been about any one individual. Yes, Derrick was the reigning NBA MVP, but he epitomizes the team concept and you all followed his lead. So it's been the effort of the group, as well as a tremendous job by the coaching staff, which has gotten us to this point. And it's exactly why I feel good about this team right now. You're a group that remains together. You've repeatedly lifted each other up when a teammate has fallen. Now, it comes down to continuing to give your best effort every time you step on to the basketball court. It's easy to say you're doing that, but are you really dedicating yourself to another two months of basketball? As a player, that's what I always wanted out of my teammates. Just make sure you arrive on gameday focused and full of energy. If guys want to just show up and take on the 76ers or whoever, well, that might not be enough to get the job done. It takes locking in on the task at hand and honing in on what you need to do in order to be successful in the NBA postseason.
While I dealt with my share of injuries throughout my career, I was fortunate to have been healthy for the majority of our run in the 1990's. The same can be said about Michael Jordan. But, when Michael retired for the first time to play baseball in 1993, we were faced with a similar challenge to what you're up against—playing without your best player and leader. Granted, Michael chose to step away from the game and Derrick is sidelined because of his injury, but it comes down to the players who are still out there coming together to collectively rise up as a group and win games. We exceeded a lot of expectations in the regular season, finishing 55-27. But as we entered the postseason, a lot of people had written us off and said we didn't have a chance without Michael. There was a lot of talk about how we wouldn't make it out of the first round and might even get swept. But we didn't listen to any of that. We believed in ourselves and we went out to play the type of basketball that we knew we were capable of playing. We swept Cleveland in the first round and it was a great feeling. Even though we ultimately fell short and lost to New York in a second round Game 7, we all believed we could have—and should have—done better. My point is that there was never a moment where we felt sorry for ourselves or let anyone push us into any self-doubt. We stayed positive and believed that if we stuck together and played good, hard defense, we could beat any team out there. That's what I believe you can do as well.
You lost a very important piece to the puzzle, there is no denying that. But having dealt with Derrick's injuries during the regular season, as well as those as some of the others, gave members of the bench an opportunity to step forward as you did all season long. And every single individual on this roster has shown that they can make positive contributions to winning. Obviously the other starters in Richard, Luol, Carlos and Joakim—all All-Star caliber players in their own right—need to raise their level of game across the board to compensate for missing Derrick. But it's the bench too that will be as important as ever in answering the call. And as we've seen these last two seasons, the Bench Mob is up for that challenge. You all believe in yourselves and the coaching staff believes in you too. You've already demonstrated you can have success without Derrick in the lineup. Now it's time to do it when it matters the most.
As you all know, this is when it pays extra dividends to have a coach like Thibs. To me, his preparation is what separates him as one of the league's very best coaches. It's got to be his greatest strength. Having watched him coach night in and night out these last two seasons, this team comes ready to play, whether it's a back-to-back or three games in four nights. He's always ready and the job that you as players do reflects that. It's an underrated asset to have a group that truly knows its personnel and the intricate schemes of a gameplan. Thibodeau has you ready to go every night and battle and that's because of his attention to detail. He's also kept you focused and prevented you from looking ahead. That's the mentality you need as the playoffs continue—one game at a time. Execute. Play good, hard defense. Protect the ball. Even without a great player like Derrick, you are still capable of doing those things.
For the fans who don't know, Derrick was at practice on Monday and I got a chance to catch up with him as well. Just being able to see him with our own eyes, it lifted everyone's spirits. I could see that in each and every one of you. I could see that it was reassuring to you to know that your teammate is going to be OK, first and foremost. You become so close to a teammate like that and when you're hearing all sorts of things through the media, it's discomforting. But I'm glad Derrick made it to Berto and showed everyone he is hanging in there. As we look ahead to Game 2 and beyond, though, now you can realize exactly what you have to play for. With or without Derrick, the ship has to continue to sail. And as he told many of you, it's time to re-dedicate yourselves to staying on track. I know none of you are ready to stop working and you want more than anything to win for Derrick. That's the best tribute you could make for him. And in a way, it would very much make him a part of it. He'll be with you the rest of the way whether he's in the gym or not, watching and supporting. While you hate to see what happened, adversity often brings a team together even more than they were before. It's all about how you react to that adversity.
As for Derrick, I truly believe he will come out of this better and stronger. If anything, it will be an eye opening experience for him. Remember, he's still a very young player in this league. Now he knows that injuries are a part of the game. As a young player, I always thought I was doing everything I could. But the longer you play, the more you learn, and the better you're prepared for what this game throws at you.
Just go out there and play hard. Play your best. Leave everything you've got on the floor. Yes, you lost one of your brothers—a warrior in every sense of the word—but I know and you know you've still got a lot of fight left. You're still the best team in the NBA until an opponent proves otherwise. So go out there and play like it. You've earned that much with Derrick along the way, but you also won a lot of games without him. It's time to meet the challenge.
Wishing you all the best of luck on a long postseason run.
Paul and Jan Crouch failed to report allegation of granddaughter being raped Christian Dem in NC print page Tue Jun 26, 2012 at 05:21:48 PM EST The Trinity Broadcasting Network has withstood a lot of blows over the years--in no small part because of its close ties to the religious right. However, a recently-filed lawsuit could potentially bring this evil empire down for good. Carra Crouch, the granddaughter of TBN founders Paul and Jan Crouch, is suing her grandparents and TBN for sweeping a horrific allegation of child abuse under the rug. Carra claims that back in 2006, she was raped by then-TBN employee Stephen L. Smith in an Atlanta hotel room. Carra was in town for TBN's spring telethon.
During the telethon one night, Smith visited Carra Crouch in her hotel room to discuss the telethon and other company matters, then ordered a bottle of wine, according to the lawsuit, which also says Trinity makes it a practice to supply alcohol to employees during business meetings. According to the lawsuit, Smith coerced her into drinking the wine, which made her intoxicated. She says in the lawsuit that she asked Smith to leave the room, and that he offered her a glass of water to help her feel better. When she drank it, she immediately passed out, according to the lawsuit. She believes the water contained a date rape drug which caused her to pass out. When she awoke the next morning, she says Smith was laying next to her, and there was blood on her bed sheets. She also claims to have had "severe pain and soreness in her body in places which indicated she had been molested and raped." Carra was so horrified by the incident that she flew back to California the next day. On her mother's advice, she reported the incident to her grandmother. However, Jan Crouch went into a screaming fit, telling her that it was her fault. She then tried to tell TBN general counsel John Casoria, who had sat in on the meeting. However, Casoria not only said he didn't believe her either, but suggested she'd brought it on herself because she was already sexually active. Carra was so horrified by the incident that she flew back to California the next day. On her mother's advice, she reported the incident to her grandmother. However, Jan Crouch went into a screaming fit, telling her that it was her fault. She then tried to tell TBN general counsel John Casoria, who had sat in on the meeting. However, Casoria not only said he didn't believe her either, but suggested she'd brought it on herself because she was already sexually active. Now here's where it gets hideous. According to the suit, it turned out that the Crouches and Casoria actually did believe Carra, and fired Smith over the phone the next day. Reportedly, Casoria told Smith there was enough evidence to press criminal charges. However, neither the Crouches nor Casoria reported the incident to police. Under California law, as ordained ministers they were required to report it. Instead, they offered to sweep it under the rug if Smith didn't file unemployment, worker's comp or an EEOC claim. Carra first told her story to The Orange County Register, and is understandably shaken up by the whole experience.
The Register does not usually identify victims of sexual assault, but Carra Crouch wants to tell her story so justice can be done, she said. She didn't cry when recounting the sequence of events that night, but she did cry when she recounted the aftermath. “I definitely feel angry,” she said. “Nobody once asked me, ‘Carra are you O.K.?' Why didn't anybody care? If I saw something like that happen to a little girl, even if I didn't know her, I would do something. And I'm their granddaughter. How could you just not care all?” I don't blame her. The fact that a supposed "man and woman of God" acted this way is bad enough, but the fact that these were her grandparents makes it several times worse. It's a big reason that I'm fighting back tears even as I type this. I don't blame her. The fact that a supposed "man and woman of God" acted this way is bad enough, but the fact that these were her grandparents makes it several times worse. It's a big reason that I'm fighting back tears even as I type this. I've watched TBN for laughs over the years, but this is not even close to being a laughing matter. I say again--if this story is even half true, this should be the end of TBN.
To discuss this story, sign up for a free account
Paul and Jan Crouch failed to report allegation of granddaughter being raped | 2 comments (2 topical, 0 hidden) comments (2 topical, 0 hidden)
Paul and Jan Crouch failed to report allegation of granddaughter being raped | 2 comments (2 topical, 0 hidden) comments (2 topical, 0 hidden)
When you are pulling on your skin, as though you could somehow make it change shape enough to look like it belonged to someone else, you wonder if there is something wrong with you. Sure, everyone gets a little self-conscious from time to time, but it's hard not to wonder if you are special in your particular disappointment in your physical appearance. It's the kind of thing that comes in waves, that strikes you all at once when you are hit with a certain light or caught in a photo at an angle you usually avoid confronting in your day-to-day life. Suddenly, you see a person you don't want to recognize. It's like hearing your own voice on a recording and not wanting to admit that's what you actually sound like — only with your whole body.
I once got onto an elevator whose lighting was something like a morgue, only with a slightly more pronounced greenish tinge. It was like a morgue at the bottom of a swamp. And the entire back wall of said elevator was comprised of a mirror, perfectly cleaned and spotless so you could analyze yourself in as much horrifying detail as your heart desired. No one should look at themselves in such criminally unflattering light, and yet it's much akin to looking away from a car wreck. It's enchanting, and gives you such visceral ammunition for your very human tendency to find flaws in your own body. I must have spent a full five floors analyzing every pore on my face with the disgusted fascination of a preteen getting to dissect a frog in science class.
Ugliness is an almost liberating thing, in certain capacities. We are often caught up in the un-winnable race of trying to look our best, and trying to radiate the kind of personal image that we feel other people are going to gravitate toward. We know that looks aren't important, but we still dress a certain way for a job interview or a date. It isn't important, but it is. So when you are overcome with a feeling of such deep ugliness, or confronted with another person who is so unquestionably beautiful as to make you feel retroactively embarrassed for all the times you even considered yourself okay looking, it can come as a relief. You are ugly, and that is that. There's no point trying to look better, you won't win.
I have been told that thinking too much about my appearance or putting too much energy into it is vain, and that's probably true. I most often try to focus on other, more easily modified aspects of my person and remind myself that, even if I were stunning, that wouldn't be a “forever” kind of thing. But even in its vanity, falling into a moment of questioning how desirable or appealing you are is a perfectly human thing. I find that it is most effective to allow that wave of self-criticism to take you with it, to ride it out for a few minutes and feel the full force of ugliness. I try to ask myself what about myself I am not liking in the mirror, and if it is even something I could change. (More importantly, is it something that expresses an inner distress, like fatigue or poor diet or too much drinking?) It carries you, but it can carry you into a realm of productive reflection.
When I am feeling ugly, I sometimes tell myself out loud, “Maybe you are ugly. But you are a good listener. You help your friends move when you can. You are paying off your debts. You make good food that people like to eat.” I accept that dirty wave which wants to catch me up in its insecurity, I acknowledge that it may have some grounding in reality, and I remind it that there is so much more about me to be proud of. Because one day, I will be inarguably ugly. (At least, by the cheap, magazine-cover standards that we usually are judging ourselves by in these instances.) I will be wrinkled and sagging and doughy and past the point that most people would ever want to think of me in a physical, sexual capacity. If I am lucky, I will still be very much alive and a whole person at that point. And when the vain moments of “Am I really ugly?” become a question that can no longer even really be asked, I'll still have to look in mirrors from time to time. And I want to work on seeing the person who will always remain looking back at me, even after my skin has all headed south.
Related:
Reasons why TV series anti-bullying failed in its intent 13 Reasons Why, the American TV series that had been enormously successful last winter, might have failed in its intent. Instead of discouraging suicide among teenagers, it might well have encouraged it. At least, this is what n in-depth study recently published in JAMA Internal Medicine claims. The authors examine Read More.
Summer jobs keep kids far from crime on the streets Summer jobs for young people can serve as an incredible deterrent to juvenile crime. At least this is what data released by the University of Chicago has demonstrated, after the success with the school's program created to fight the high rate of violence among new generations living in the outskirts Read More.
Kids without Smartphone exposed to more web-related dangers Trying to limit internet use among adolescence is counterproductive to protecting them against its dangers. At least this is the wisdom that has emerged from the British Education Policy Institute, that investigated how adolescents across The Channel use new devices such as Smartphones and tablets. Results indicated that despite the fact Read More.
The truth about the Blue Whale phenomenon in Italy Only 5% of the 170 reports received by the Italian Police in relation to the “Blue Whale Challenge”, concern alleged crimes. Such as instigation of suicide or procured alarm. This is what the Italian Minister of the Interior referred yesterday at the Question Time at the Chamber of Deputies on Read More.
The law against cyber-bullying explained by youtubers In Italy, a new law against cyber-bullying is in force as of just a few days ago. To celebrate this occasion, youtubers La Sabri Gamer, Giulia Penna, Jack Nobile, Cesca and Klaus produced a video adhering to the initiative #Cyberesistance. The campaign developed for the Web Stars Channel in collaboration Read More.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Kansas set off a national firestorm last week when the GOP-controlled House passed a bill that would have allowed anyone to refuse to do business with same-sex couples by citing religious beliefs. The bill, which covered both private businesses and individuals, including government employees, would have barred same-sex couples from suing anyone who denies them food service, hotel rooms, social services, adoption rights, or employment—as long as the person denying the service said he or she had a religious objection to homosexuality. As of this week, the legislation was dead in the Senate. But the Kansas bill is not a one-off effort.
Republicans lawmakers and a network of conservative religious groups has been pushing similar bills in other states, essentially forging a national campaign that, critics say, would legalize discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation. Republicans in Idaho, Oregon, South Dakota, and Tennessee recently introduced provisions that mimic the Kansas legislation. And Arizona, Hawaii, Ohio, Oklahoma, and Mississippi have introduced broader “religious freedom” bills with a unique provision that would also allow people to deny services or employment to LGBT Americans, legal experts say.
“This is a concerted campaign that the religious Right has been hinting at for a couple of years now,” says Evan Hurst, associate director of Truth Wins Out, a Chicago-based nonprofit that promotes gay rights. “The fact that they're doing it Jim Crow-style is remarkable, considering the fact that one would think the GOP would like to be electable among people under 50 sometime in the near future.”
Several of these measures have sprung up within a short period of time. The Kansas bill was introduced by Republican state Rep. Charles Macheers on January 16. On January 28, Idaho state Rep. Lynn Luker (R-Boise) introduced a bill that would prohibit the state from yanking the professional licenses of people who deny service or employment to anyone (including LGBT customers) on the basis of their religious beliefs. (There's an exception for emergency responders.) Luker has since pulled that bill back into committee, to address concerns about the language being discriminatory.
On January 30, a coalition of Republican senators and representatives in South Dakota introduced a bill that would have allowed a business to refuse to serve or people due to their sexual orientation, or be compelled to hire someone because of their sexual orientation. Under this measure, a gay person who brought a lawsuit charging discrimination based on sexual orientation could have faced punitive damages of no less than $2,000. The bill also declared that it is protected speech to tell someone that his or her lifestyle is “wrong or a sin.” The bill was killed this week by the state Senate judiciary committee.
On February 5, Republicans introduced legislation in both chambers of the Tennessee Legislature allowing a person or company to refuse to provide services such as food, accommodation, counseling, adoption, or employment to people in civil unions or same-sex marriages, or transgender individuals, “if doing so would violate the sincerely held religious beliefs? of the person.” (Government employees are excluded.) State Rep. Bill Dunn (R-Knoxville) tells Mother Jones that he sponsored the bill because “a person shouldn't get sued for choosing not to participate in a person's wedding.” But this week, the bill's lead sponsor in the Senate, Sen. Brian Kelsey (R-Germantown), shelved the measure until next year after facing heavy criticism. And in Oregon, voters could have the opportunity this year to vote on a ballot initiative that would also allow people to refuse on religious grounds to support same-sex couples.
In addition to these bills, lawmakers in Arizona, Hawaii, Ohio, Oklahoma, and Mississippi have recently introduced Religious Freedom Restoration Acts with a provision that could also allow discrimination against LGBT Americans. These state-sponsored RFRAs, which aim to stop new laws from burdening religious exercise, are nothing new—29 states already have some kind of RFRA in place through legislation or court action. But legal experts say that these particular bills are unique in that they allow individuals—and in some states, businesses—to cite religion as a defense in a private lawsuit. In the past, courts have been split on the issue. But in 2012, in New Mexico, a photographer tried to use religion in court as grounds for refusing to photograph a same-sex wedding. Last year, the photographer's studio lost its discrimination lawsuit. The bills are a direct reaction to that lawsuit, say multiple legal experts. “The Kansas bill is more obvious, but some of these RFRAs will have similar effects…they're just as bad,” says Maggie Garrett, legislative counsel for Americans United for the Separation of Church and State.
The RFRAs and the bills that target same-sex marriage have been pushed by Republican lawmakers, but in some cases, they were first promoted or drafted by a network of conservative Christian groups. According to the Wichita Eagle, the American Religious Freedom Program (ARFP)—which is part of the Ethics and Public Policy Center, a conservative organization founded in 1976—crafted the language for the Kansas bill. Brian Walsh, executive director of the ARFP, which supports religious freedom measures, acknowledges that his group consulted with the legislators on the bill, but he says that lots of other groups did as well: “We gave them suggestions and they took some of them.” Walsh says that ARFP was contacted by legislators who wrote the Tennessee bill and that the group frequently talked to legislators in South Dakota about “religious freedom” but not the state's specific bill. Julie Lynde, executive director of Cornerstone Family Council in Idaho, one of many state groups that are part of Citizen Link, a branch of Focus on the Family, told Al Jazeera America, “We've been involved in working on the language” of the Idaho bill. Another member of Citizen Link, the Arizona Policy Center, has been active in supporting the Arizona bill. And the Oregon ballot initiative was proposed by Friends of Religious Freedom, a conservative Oregon nonprofit.
Walsh told Mother Jones he believes these bills, particularly the one in Kansas, have been misunderstood, and the aim is not to facilitate discrimination against the LGBT community. “Our goal—and we suspect the goal of others—has been to try to find the right balance between fully protecting religious freedom and other civil liberties so that both sides of the marriage debate can coexist harmoniously,” he says. But Eunice Rho, advocacy and policy counsel for the ACLU, takes a different stance: “These bills are discriminatory, pure and simple.”
“This seems to be a concerted Hail Mary campaign to carve out special rights for religious conservatives so that they don't have to play by the same rules as everyone else does,” says Hurst, from Truth Wins Out. “In this new up-is-down world, anti-gay religious folks are ‘practicing their faith' when they're baking cakes or renting out hotel rooms to travelers. On the ground, [these bills] hurt real, live LGBT people.”
Russia's space agency on Monday confirmed that five geckos, launched into space for an experiment on weightlessness and sexual behavior, have died.
The federal space agency released a statement saying the landing apparatus of the Photon-M satellite had returned to earth as planned, falling into Russia's Orenburg region at 1.18pm Moscow time, and that the entire herpetological crew had perished at some point during their odyssey. With four female lizards and one male on board, Russian scientists had hoped to learn how zero gravity would affect the sexual habits of geckos.
A representative at the Institute of Biomedical Problems (ISTC), which participated in the experiment, explained to Russian news agency Itar-Tass simply said: “It's still too early to talk about the geckos' cause of death.” A source in a scientific commission involved later told the Interfax wire service that “According to the preliminary information, it became clear the geckos froze. Most likely, this happened due to a failure of the equipment meant to ensure the temperature of the box with the animals.”
He continued: “The geckos could have died at any stage of the flight, and it's impossible to judge when based on the animals' mummified remains.”
The space agency statement said simply that a “preliminary examination” found the geckos dead, and that “the date and conditions of their deaths will be determined by specialists”.
A source “who took part in securing the lander” told Interfax that “as usually happens in such instances, [the space agency] will soon appoint an emergency commission to find out these animals' cause of death”.
An experiment with fruit flies was successful, the insects surviving and breeding, according to the space agency. The satellite also carried mushrooms and seeds, meant for tests related to gravity and radiation; all such biological material is being transported to labs for further inspection.
In July, Russia reported that it had lost contact with the satellite, and scientists were concernd that life-support systems could fail, leaving the geckos to die from hunger within three months, according to Interfax. A few days later, the space agency said it had re-established communications and that the experiment was back on track.
A Soyuz rocket carrying a Photon-M satellite. Photograph: AP
ISTC scientists told Itar Tass that loss of contact with the satellite should not have disturbed the animals' support systems, and that geckos' metabolisms, which are low relative to humans', and sticky feet should counteract the effects of weightlessness.
Russia's storied space program has had a troubled recent past, especially in the wake of poor relations with the US and Nasa. Two rockets have crashed and an Angora rocket launch was aborted since President Vladimir Putin's May announcement that the government would invest $52bn in the space program.
Gerbils, newts, spiders, butterflies, snails and bacteria all successfully traversed the cosmos in 2007, when international scientists launched them from Russia for a set of 45 experiments.
Close
A functional link has been found between gut bacteria and Parkinson's disease. The scientists suggest that changes in the organic composition of bacteria populations or in the gut bacteria themselves contribute to the deterioration of motor skills, which is a symptom of Parkinson's.
The research was conducted by researcher Sarkis Mazmanian of the California Institute of Technology and his team, and was published on Dec. 1 in the journal Cell.
Gut Bacteria - Essential To The Nervous System
No less than 1 million people are affected by Parkinson's disease in the United States alone, while there are up to 10 million cases worldwide, making it the second most common neurodegenerative disease.
Among the most common symptoms of Parkinson's disease are tremors; experiencing difficulty while walking is the first sign of the disease. Additionally, three-quarters of the people who suffer from Parkinson's disease also have gastrointestinal problems, mainly constipation.
The gut hosts a various number of bacteria, called microbiome, which have an essential role in the development and functionality of both the immune and nervous systems. Some of these bacteria are helpful or benign, and some can become intrusive to the proper functioning of our bodies.
According to the study, as much as 70 percent of the neurons we have in the peripheral nervous system are in the intestines, which makes the gut's nervous system related to the central nervous system.
"Gut bacteria provide immense physiological benefit, and we do not yet have the data to know which particular species are problematic or beneficial in Parkinson's disease," noted Mazmanian.
Parkinson's Disease - Influenced By Gut Bacteria
As part of the lab tests, the researchers used mice having symptoms of Parkinson's, and divided them into two categories: one group was bred in a sterile, microbe-free environment, while the other was raised in non-sterile cages.
The researchers then introduced gut microbiota from human Parkinson's disease patients into the mice. A series of measures were taken in order for the scientists to analyze how the two groups of mice performed in terms of Parkinson's disease symptoms. The animals were tested through a number of tasks that targeted a series of body functions, from motor skills to running or descending from a pole.
The researchers observed that the physical impairments related to the disease such as motor deficits were heightened, compared to when the mice received gut microbiota transplants from healthy donors. Additionally, the scientists discovered that the animals who were bred in the lab in environmentally sterile conditions performed significantly better than their counterparts.
"These findings reveal that gut bacteria regulate movement disorders in mice and suggest that alterations in the human microbiome represent a risk factor for [Parkinson's disease]," the researchers wrote.
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
Chapter 5-Page 115
Posted April 26, 2016 at 04:53 pm
*EDIT* Update status: between con prep, freelance, and working around my wrists, I do not have one ready, I'm really sorry. I planned to put up pencils today but my body's not having it. I will chip away at the page over the weekend & update on Tuesday! Thank you for your patience and understanding while I chug through this rough patch.
And we're back, thanks for your patience! I'm fully recuperated. This is the end of this scene, we'll be cutting back to the Activity Club next time (woohoo!). Also, I'm going to be at Swarmcon with Taylor and a bunch of other cool people this weekend, so if any of you are in the Savannah area, come say hi! Hope to see a few of you there!
[Haskell-cafe] ANN: atom-0.0.2
Atom is a DSL in Haskell for designed hard realtime embedded programs. At Eaton, we are using it to control hydraulic hybrid refuse trucks and shuttle buses. After my talk at CUFP (http://cufp.galois.com/2008/schedule.html), a few people inquired about atom -- I finally had a chance to upload it to Hackage. http://hackage.haskell.org/cgi-bin/hackage-scripts/package/atom-0.0.2 Some new enhancements: - A simple rule scheduler for load balancing. - Signal probing for debug and data logging. - Functional coverage to monitor which rules have executed. - Started integration with the Yices SMT solver for bounded model checking. Experiences with our Eaton project: - 5K lines of Haskell/atom replaced 120K lines of matlab, simulink, and visual basic. - 2 months to port simulink design to atom. - 3K lines of atom generates 22K lines of embedded C. - Design composed of 450 atomic state transition rules. - Rules with execution periods from 1ms to 10s all scheduled at compile time to a 1 ms main loop. - 3 minute compilation time from atom source to ECU. - Atom design clears electronic/sw testing on first pass. - Currently in vehicle testing with no major issues. Tom
Two years after they began an investigation into the Sept. 11, 2012, terrorist attack in Libya, Republicans on the House Benghazi Committee on Tuesday unveiled an 800-page report laying into the White House for its handling of the incident and presenting previously undisclosed facts from testimony.
The document is heavy on details from the night itself, in a report Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign dismissed as a redux of discredited "conspiracy theories."
Story Continued Below
From the video conference that was convened even as the attack was still underway to the unlikely assistance the Americans received that night, here are seven details from the GOP report worth reading:
1. The 7:30 video conference
According to the Republican report, during a 7:30 p.m. video conference convened at the White House that included Clinton and other top officials with the State Department, the Defense Department and the White House, five of the 10 action items referenced "The Innocence of Muslims" video without providing a solid link between the cause of the attack and the video's inflammatory rhetoric.
"I don't remember specifically, you know, how we talked about it. I'm sure that we did, right, because we were — the fact is that it came — the discussion of taking the video down was part of our conversation in this call that was really focused on what was going on in Benghazi," Matt Olsen, director of the National Counterterrorism Center, testified.
According to rough notes from a subsequent conference call held by Avril Haines, deputy counsel to the president for national security affairs, it was conveyed that Clinton would likely issue a statement "addressing the violence and distancing the USG [United States government] from the videos that are believed to have instigated it (at least in part); while no one is sure of the cause, exactly, there is reportedly a new Terry Jones video threatening to burn Korans and a second film that includes a number of insulting statements about Mohamed," it continued, in reference to a Florida pastor who had burned copies of the Quran.
The 7:30 meeting took place while Ambassador Christ Stevens was still considered missing and before Tyrone Woods and Glen Doherty were killed, the report said, even as there was virtually no discussion about the video on the ground in Libya prior to the attacks.
A senior State Department official confirmed on Oct. 9, 2012, that there was no protest outside the compound, as initially claimed by the administration.
2. The clothing changes
The report found that Marines in the Fleet Antiterrorism Security Team sat on a plane in Rota, Spain, for three hours and changed in and out of their uniforms four times. During the aforementioned video briefing, Vice Adm. Kurt W. Tidd testified that the State Department had requested that the FAST platoon arrive in Libya wearing civilian clothing rather than their uniforms, noting that he disagreed with State that clothing would have a material impact on safety. The Defense Department made the assessment that wearing civilian clothes would have the opposite effect, making troops less safe as they traveled through Tripoli.
"Apparently [Under Secretary of State for Management] Pat K[ennedy] expressed concern on the [White House meeting] about Libyan reaction if uniformed U.S. forces arrived in country in military aircraft; there was discussion of the option of entering in plainclothes, which [Joint Chiefs of Staff] explained was possible but noted that the risks to the forces to remain in plainclothes increased as they transited from point of entry to the relevant location of action," a State Department email regarding the White House meeting reads.
The GOP report concluded that the emails "confirm the understanding among the individuals participating in the White House meeting that deployment to Benghazi was not imminent. As the Defense Department timeline shows, none of the orders given to the assets that night contained an order to deploy to Benghazi."
"The FAST platoons were ordered to prepare to deploy, not to deploy," it noted, and other special forces were ordered to an intermediate staging base, not to Benghazi or Tripoli.
According to the report, the optics of having Marines charging into Benghazi wearing their uniforms presented what amounted to an image problem for the White House, which had long maintained that there would be no "boots on the ground" in Libya. "A principal objective was to limit military engagement: the administration's 'no boots on the ground' policy prevailed throughout the Benghazi Mission's existence in Libya," the report said. "Apart from 'no boots on the ground,' U.S. policy remained indefinite and undefined throughout Stevens' tenure in Benghazi."
State Department deputy spokesperson Mark Toner in a statement on Tuesday said the clothing issue did not affect the speed or timeliness of any possible military response.
“We are aware that the committee is critical of these issues, but we are not aware of any finding that they had any impact on the attacks or our ability to send help," the statement says. "The fact is, we did not cause a delay. ... Concerns about what they wore had no bearing on the timing of their arrival.”
3. The dinner party
During the 7:30 video conference, Navy Adm. James Winnefeld, then the vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, was conspicuously absent. Winnefeld testified that he had left the Pentagon to host a dinner party for foreign dignitaries at his home and received one update on the call during the dinner. After the dinner concluded, the report says Winnefeld testified that he went to his home's secured communications facility.
James Miller, undersecretary of defense for policy at the time, was also absent from the call "due to an unexpected family emergency," asking Defense chief of staff Jeremy Bash to participate in his place after being unable to connect to the call from home.
Bash had identified Winnefeld and Miller as the people that State should be in contact with as the proper individuals to "convey" their approval to deploy forces to Benghazi, suggesting the two Defense Department officials would be the two channels to receive notification of State's approval.
4. Military never deployed
None of the relevant military forces met their deadlines to deploy to Benghazi, according to the report, which found that they did not even depart until after the attack had concluded. When they did arrive in Libya, the military forces went to Tripoli.
"We were never given an executed order to move any forces until we got to move in the C-17 to evacuate folks out of Tripoli later that next morning," Vice Admiral Charles J. Leidig, deputy commander for military operations at AFRICOM, testified. "There was never an executed order to move any forces from Sigonella into Africa or from Rota into Africa until later. So, I mean, we did get an order eventually to move the FAST team into Tripoli to provide security, but during that evening hour, that incident, there were no execute orders to move forces into our [area of responsibility]."
Pressed on the specific timeline, Leidig said the order to move the FAST platoon into Tripoli came long after the mortar attack in Benghazi. Although the troops had been under a "prepare to deploy" order, they were not deployed.
Army Lt. Dana Chipman told former Defense Secretary Leon Panetta in an interview transcribed by the panel in January that “nothing could have affected what occurred in Benghazi," according to a letter sent by Democrats to Chairman Trey Gowdy (R-S.C.).
5. The pro-Qadhafi forces that saved Americans
On the night of the attack, it was loyalists to ousted dictator Muammar Qadhafi who helped rescue Americans trapped in the facility, not the ruling Libyan government or militia that had been tasked with protecting the complex.
A special operator in Benghazi testified that the situation had become "untenable" at the compound, noting that the facility did not have enough shooters and lacked armed vehicles to transport the Americans, wounded or otherwise, to the airport.
"The forces that arrived at the Annex shortly after the mortar attacks were able to transport all State Department and CIA personnel safely to the airport. The forces, known as Libyan Military Intelligence, arrived with 50 heavily-armed security vehicles," the special operator testified. "Libyan Military Intelligence was not part of the Libyan government, nor affiliated with any of the militias the CIA or State Department had developed a relationship with during the prior 18 months since the Libyan revolution took place."
"Instead, Libya Military Intelligence—whom the CIA did not even know existed until the night of the attacks—were comprised of former military officers under the Qadhafi regime who had gone into hiding in fear of being assassinated, and wanted to keep their presence in Benghazi as quiet as possible so as to not attract attention from the militias in control of Benghazi," the special operator continued. "In other words, some of the very individuals the United States had helped remove from power during the Libyan revolution were the only Libyans that came to the assistance of the United States on the night of the Benghazi attacks."
6. CIA analysts copped to errors
The manager of analysts who wrote a CIA intelligence assessment on Sept. 13, 2012 — two days after the attack — featured in President Barack Obama's daily briefing said the piece did not intend to focus on the role of protests as a precipitating event to the Benghazi attacks.
"So we did not think the question of protests was particularly germane to answering that question. In fact, it was fully probably a week," the manager testified. "And we had several conversations among ourselves and even with more senior people in the DI [Directorate of Analysis] about, why in the hell would everybody care about protests? We just—we weren't tracking on it because it wasn't germane to what we were trying to do, which it doesn't really excuse our sloppy work, particularly in that paragraph here. I mean the ticks are the ticks. They are based on reporting. But our assessment was just imprecisely written. We weren't careful enough about it."
But the report itself was touted by officials, among them Deputy CIA Director Michael Morell, as showing evidence that protests had occurred. The director of the Office of Terrorism Analysis testified that the supporting evidence backing up a mention of "the early stages of the protest" was "incorrect," as the source for the supposedly supporting article is dated Sept. 4, 2012, a full week before the attacks.
Morell made note of a headline on a subsequent page, "Extremists Capitalized on Benghazi Protests," described as a "text box" by the OTA director.
"So the headline—and I admit that in retrospect, if I could go back and change this headline, I would," the OTA director testified. "Because the headline, it was more meant to be about the, we know extremists were involved and less about whether or not there were protests."
The manager of the analysts who wrote the piece said the title was a "mistake." Asked what that meant, the manager responded, "So, God, how do I begin?" going on to note that the mistake was not caught until Sept. 24. The title should have been more focused on the idea that the "extremists [were] motivated to attack in Benghazi because of protests in Cairo," she testified.
Morell said the piece could have been written better.
"I have reasons beyond yours as to why I don't think this is as well done as it could be, and you're pointing out some additional ones," Morell testified. "So I don't think it is as well done as it could have been."
7. State officials said Susan Rice went 'off the reservation'
Susan Rice, then the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, went on a series of shows the Sunday after the Benghazi attack using language that the committee found did not match up with the talking points she had been provided. Rice remarked that the attacks did not appear to be premeditated and resulted from ongoing protests, often connecting the attack to the video. On NBC's "Meet the Press," Rice claimed the Benghazi attack to be the result of "almost a copycat" protest similar to one against a U.S. facility in Cairo.
"I don't know that it was overstating or even misstating. But I would agree that the word 'copycat' does not appear in the talking points," Rice later testified.
Speaking to CNN, Rice made reference to the number of attackers at the compound, while there is no reference to the number of protesters included in her talking points. "I don't recall exactly how I acquired that information," Rice testified.
“I think Rice was off the reservation on this one," the State Department's senior Libya desk officer in the Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs wrote in an email, according to the report.
The deputy director in the office of press and public diplomacy in the Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs responded, “Off the reservation on five networks!”
The report goes on to note that even as mid- and lower-level State employees speaking to the embassy in Tripoli said Rice went too far with her statements, senior officials at the State Department and the White House were all in for defending what Rice had said.
Then-deputy national security adviser Denis McDonough "apparently told the SVTS [Secure Video Teleconference] group today that everyone was required to 'shut their pieholes' about the Benghazi attack in light of the FBI investigation, due to start tomorrow," the deputy director in the Office of Maghreb Affairs wrote in an email.
Cheteshwar Pujara's batting is a throwback to eras gone by, not so much in technique - he is unusually bottom-handed for someone who pays his bills through Test cricket - as in temperament. He steps down to spinners but keeps the ball along the carpet, he doesn't tire of scoring runs no matter the opposition or venue, his fitness is more about what is required for batting for long periods as opposed to bulging biceps with tattoos on them.
Son and pupil of former Ranji player Arvind, Pujara grew up piling on big scores even as a boy: a triple-century in Under-14 cricket, and a double against England in Under-19. Yet for years and years Pujara's first-class runs were scoffed at: he played for cricketing backwaters Saurashtra, and Rajkot, his hometown, is known for one of the flattest tracks in India. Pujara worked harder than most to be taken seriously, and his chance in Tests came in his sixth year in first-class cricket, behind contemporaries who had made a name through limited-overs cricket. Pujara grabbed the chance when it arrived: after getting out to a shooter in his first Test innings, he came in ahead of Rahul Dravid at No. 3 and waltzed his way to an excellent 72 in a tricky chase against Australia in Bangalore in October 2010.
Pujara had already scored a triple-century and two doubles before he made his Test debut, but after the debut he injured his knee during an IPL game, which kept him out for much of 2011. When Pujara came back to Test cricket, Dravid had retired, and he responded with centuries against all three touring sides that season: New Zealand, England and Australia, in the process becoming the joint-fastest Indian to 1000 Test runs in terms of Tests played to get there. In between he found enough time to rattle another domestic triple, but people were not scoffing any more. His Test exploits didn't earn him much attention when it came to the limited-overs format, but a breakthrough performance in the NKP Salve Challenger Trophy 2012-13, where he hit two hundreds and a fifty in three innings, put himself firmly in the selector's radar. He was called up to join the India tour of Zimbabwe, but didn't do too much to earn favour.
Meanwhile, Pujara's Test form dipped as he managed only 423 runs in eight Tests in England and Australia in 2014. Pujara had stints with Derbyshire and Yorkshire the next year.
Sidharth Monga
UPDATE 5/4/16 1.30pm: Surprising no one, the Kickstarter project to fund a Life is Strange sequel has now been cancelled.
There's no update yet from the project's creator. Presumably, publisher Square Enix stepped in.
No further money had been pledged since our report yesterday, below.
ORIGINAL STORY 4/4/16 2.10pm: A fan of Life is Strange is trying to fund a sequel via Kickstarter.
Currently, $103 have been raised.
Impatient to play more of the excellent episodic serial, Scott Ashby, has asked for $20,000 to get the project funded himself.
But he won't be making it single-handed - oh no. Ashby has two plans of action if the crowdfunding campaign should succeed.
Plan A is to approach Life is Strange developer Dontnod and ask the studio to create the sequel itself, using the $20k he has raised.
Plan B - if Dontnod doesn't play ball - is to buy the IP and sponsor another developer to make Life is Strange 2 instead. Simple.
Pledge $50 or more and you'll get a copy of the game. Pledge $1000 and you'll get to write a character's backstory. Pledge this much again and you'll be able to voice one of the characters!
Ashby's plan for the sequel includes more detail on secondary characters such as fan-favourite Kate Marsh. It will have "16 different outcomes", he writes. It will also have "a new musical mini-game".
Why take matters into his own hands? Ashby has this to say:
"Currently Dontnod has no plans to do a sequel, and is working on a totally different (vampire style) game," he writes.
"They have said publicly that if they were to do another game like this, they would go with totally different characters and setting. The theory is that there is no where else to go with the story of Max and Chloe."
Dontnod, if you're reading, it sounds like Scott has some ideas.
Back in the real world, while one team at Dontnod is indeed working on a vampire game (appropriately named Vampyr), its separate Life is Strange team is not. Who knows what they could be up to...
It reminds us of that Star Wars fan Kickstarter from a little while back. We've reached out to Life is Strange publisher Square Enix in case it chooses to comment.
This page contains a list of voice actors who worked on the animated series Gargoyles.
Regular cast members [ edit ]
Voice actors in Gargoyles were credited only for episodes in which they appeared, and while no actors appeared in every episode of the series, the most frequent credits went to those actors voicing the protagonists of the series and their most prominent enemies.
Recurring cast members [ edit ]
Guest stars [ edit ]
Additional voices [ edit ]
Star Trek connection [ edit ]
A number of voice actors for the show were starring actors in various Star Trek series:[1]
Many also appeared as guests in Star Trek at one time or another:
Patrick Stewart (Jean-Luc Picard on The Next Generation) was also considered for a role in the series, but his representation turned down the offer because his usual fees could not be met.
Creator Greg Weisman has commented that, at first, this phenomenon was unintentional. Marina Sirtis and Jonathan Frakes were both cast in prominent roles, and quickly the directors and producers began to think of other Star Trek actors when casting new roles.
This "Star Trek connection" was given a nod to by scriptwriters in at least one instance within the cartoon. In the episode "Her Brother's Keeper" (1x12), Brooklyn remarks: "Yeah? You and what Starfleet?"
Edwin Laurentine Drake (March 29, 1819 – November 9, 1880), also known as Colonel Drake, was an American businessman and the first American to successfully drill for oil.
Early life [ edit ]
Edwin Drake was born in Greenville, Greene County, New York on March 29, 1819, the son of Lyman and Laura Drake. He grew up on family farms around New York State and Castleton, Rutland County, Vermont before leaving home at the age of 19. He spent the early parts of his life working the railways around New Haven, Connecticut as a clerk, express agent and a conductor. During this time, in 1845, he married Philena Adams who died while giving birth to their second child in 1854. Drake remarried three years later to Laura Dowd, sixteen years his junior, in 1857. During this summer, illness prevented Drake from carrying on with his job. He retained the privileges of a train conductor, including free travel on the railroads. By 1858, the Drake family found themselves living in Titusville, Pennsylvania.
Seneca oil [ edit ]
While petroleum oil was known prior to this, there was no appreciable market for it. Samuel Martin Kier is credited with founding the first American oil refinery in Pittsburgh. He was the first person in the United States to refine crude oil into lamp oil (kerosene). Along with a new lamp to burn Kier's product a new market to replace whale oil as a lamp oil began to develop.[1][2]
Seneca Oil, originally called the Pennsylvania Rock Oil Company, was founded by George Bissell and Jonathan Eveleth. They created the company after hearing of reports that petroleum collected from an oil spring in Titusville, Pennsylvania was suitable for use as lamp fuel. Until this time, the primary lamp fuel had been whaled oil. Bissell found that the "rock oil" would be a practical alternative if a method could be devised to extract the oil from the ground. Interest in the Pennsylvania Rock Oil Company was initially low until a report commissioned by Bissell and Eveleth showed that there was significant economic value in petroleum. Due to a disagreement between the shareholders and the pair, the company was split and Seneca Oil was formed in 1858. Before being offered a job by Bissell and Eveleth, Drake bought stock in Seneca Oil. But his job opportunity with the company arose because both parties were staying in the same hotel in Titusville. He was hired on a salary of $1,000 a year to investigate the oil seeps on land owned by Seneca Oil.
Drilling for oil [ edit ]
Edwin Drake was hired by the Seneca Oil Company to investigate suspected oil deposits in Titusville, Pennsylvania.[3] James Townsend, President of the Seneca Oil Company, sent Drake to the site in the spring of 1858. The oil company chose the retired railway man partly because he had free use of the rail. Drake decided to drill in the manner of salt well drillers. He purchased a steam engine in Erie, Pennsylvania, to power the drill. The well was dug on an island on the Oil Creek. It took some time for the drillers to get through the layers of gravel. At 16 feet (5 m) the sides of the hole began to collapse. Those helping him began to despair, but not Drake. It was at this point that he devised the idea of a drive pipe. This cast iron pipe consisted of 10-foot-long (3.0 m) joints. The pipe was driven down into the ground. At 32 feet (10 m) they struck bedrock. The drilling tools were now lowered through the pipe and steam was used to drill through the bedrock. The drilling, however, was slow. Progress was made at the rate of just three feet per day. After initial difficulty locating the necessary parts to build the well, which resulted in his well being nicknamed "Drake's Folly", Drake proved successful.
Meanwhile, crowds of people began to gather to jeer at the apparently unproductive operation. By 1859 Drake was also running out of money. Drake's colleagues back in Connecticut gave up on finding any oil by April 1859 and after spending $2,500, Drake took out a $500 loan to keep the operation going.[4]. On August 27, 1859 Drake had persevered and his drill bit had reached a total depth of 69.5 feet (21 m).[5][6] At that point the bit hit a crevice. The men packed up for the day. The next morning Drake's driller, Billy Smith, looked into the hole in preparation for another day's work. He was surprised and delighted to see crude oil rising up. Drake was summoned and the oil was brought to the surface with a hand pitcher pump. The oil was collected in a bath tub.
Drake is famous for pioneering a new method for producing oil from the ground. He drilled using piping to prevent borehole collapse, allowing for the drill to penetrate further and further into the ground. Previous methods for collecting oil had been limited. Ground collection of oil consisted of gathering it from where it occurred naturally, such as from oil seeps or shallow holes dug into the ground. Drake tried the latter method initially when looking for oil in Titusville. However, it failed to produce economically viable amounts of oil. Alternative methods of digging large shafts into the ground also failed, as collapse from water seepage almost always occurred. The significant step that Drake took was to drive a 32-foot iron pipe through the ground into the bedrock below. This allowed Drake to drill inside the pipe, without the hole collapsing from the water seepage. The principle behind this idea is still employed today by all companies drilling for hydrocarbons.
Edwin Drake grave and memorial, in Titusville
Claims of prior art exist, including Bóbrka, Poland in 1854, Wietze, Germany in 1857, and Oil Springs, Ontario, Canada[7] in 1858. The importance of the Drake Well at Titusville was that it prompted the first great wave of investment and additional drilling that established petroleum as a major industry.[8] Within a day of Drake's striking oil, Drake's methods were being imitated by others along Oil Creek and in the immediate area. This culminated with the establishment of several oil boom towns along the creek. Drake's well produced 25 barrels (4.0 m3) of oil a day. By 1872, the entire area was producing 15.9 thousand barrels (2,530 m3) a day.[9]
Drake set up a stock company to extract and market the oil. But, while his pioneering work led to the growth of an oil industry that made many people fabulously rich, for Drake riches proved elusive. Drake did not possess good business acumen. He failed to patent his drilling invention, and proceeded to lose all of his savings in oil speculation in 1863. He was to end up as an impoverished old man, and in 1872 Pennsylvania voted an annuity of $1,500 to the "crazy man" whose determination founded the oil industry.
He died on November 9, 1880 in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, where he had lived since 1874. He and his wife are buried at Titusville, next to a memorial built in his honor.
In popular culture [ edit ]
Edwin Drake and Billy Smith appear in À l'ombre des derricks ("In the Shadow of the Oil Rigs"), an episode of the Franco-Belgian comics Western series Lucky Luke, published in 1960, written by René Goscinny (co-creator of Asterix) and drawn by Morris. The action takes place at Titusville where the black gold rush also attracts a crooked lawyer who takes over the town and the oilfields. Drake and Smith put an end to his reign of terror. Drake and Smith also appear in the TV animated version of the story made in the early 1980s.
Drake is portrayed by Vincent Price in the 1954 industrial film, Born In Freedom: The Story of Colonel Drake sponsored by the American Petroleum Institute
See also [ edit ]
Izvor: N1
Danas se javnosti predstavlja tekst nacrta Zakona o hrvatskim braniteljima. Prije predstavljanja neke detalje je za N1 otkrio ministar branitelja Tomo Medved.
"Posebno smo usmjeri na one kategorije branitelja koje do sada nisu bile prepoznate, sve dosadašnje mjere su bile usmjerne prema stradalnicima iz rata i njihovim obiteljima, ovdje su obuhvaćeni i branitelji koji nisu bili ranjeni i koji danas spadaju u red najranjivijih kategorija, njih je oko 82 tisuće. Uvodi se mjera naknade za nezaposlene branitelje", kazao je Medved i pojasnio da je ranije ova kategorija spadala pod Ministarstvo socijale, a da će primjenom novog Zakona doći pod Ministarstvo branitelja.
Za naknade u 2017. je već osiguran novac u proračunu, a projekcijama se planiraju sredstva za osguiranje te mjere u narednih nekoliko godina, kazao je Medved.
"Stupanjem na snagu Zakona odmah smo spremni primijeniti tu mjeru", kazao je Medved.
Potvrdio je da su novim Zakonom obuhvaćeni i bivši pripadnici Hrvatskog vijeća obrane.
"Stradalnici iz redova HVO-a i njihove obitelji su prepoznati u Zakonu, zaštićena su njihova prava", kazao je Medved i pojasnio da će dio njihovih prava biti reguliran i dopunom međunardonog zakona iz 2006., a o čemu se treba pregovarati s BiH.
Ministar nije želio otkriti koliko će prava koja proizlaze iz novog Zakona stajati državu.
"Danas ćemo točno imati ezgaktnu sliku, imamo osigurana sredstva za 2017.", kazao je Medved.
Upitan hoće li doći do povećanja mirovina branitelja, odgovorio je da ta mjera nije predmet zakona, ali da očekuje da će se u proračunu naći novac i da će s 1. rujnom početi novi izračun mirovina bez mjere umanjenja.
Nije želio komentirati napise u medijima da je Vlada donijela odluku da ploča HOS-a s natpisom za "Dom spremni" ostaje u Jasenovcu.
"To nije tema današnje konferencije, već tema prijedloga nacrata Zakona o braniteljima. Molim vas pitanje postavite nadležnom ministru", kazao je Medved.
Ponovno se otvaraju rokovi za priznavanje statusa branitelja
Na predstavljaju Zakona je rečeno kako je on složen jer objedinjuje sva braniteljska i stradalnička prava; ponovno se otvaraju rokovi za priznavanje statusa branitelja i ratnog vojnog invalida. Također, umjesto opskrbnine uvodi se naknada za nezaposlene, ali i sistematski pregledi.
Rečeno je da je cilj Ministarstva ubrzati stambeno zbrinjavanje braniteljske populacije, te zaštititi stečana prava pripadnika HVO-a.
Medved je istaknuo da, po podacima o starosnoj i statusnoj strukturi hrvatskih branitelja, od 442.749 živih branitelja njih 205.653 je u radnom odnosu. Posebno ranjivom skupinom ocijenio je 82.889 branitelja koji nisu zaposleni niti primaju mirovinu.
00:00 Izvor: N1
N1 pratite putem aplikacija za Android | iPhone/iPad | Windows| i društvenih mreža Twitter |Facebook | Instagram.
SEGA has officially confirmed, at Sonic the Hedgehog's 25th anniversary event in Japan, that Sonic the Hedgehog will be seeing a brand-new game from Sonic Team in 2017. In this SEGA News Bits, Barry and George discuss what this upcoming game might be based on SEGA's recent Sonic the Hedgehog marketing efforts and past Sonic game reveals. We also talk about what we could expect for the rest of the year and what we might be seeing at Sonic's 25th anniversary party in San Diego on July 22nd. So go ahead and click play to hear us get all hot and bothered over a speedy blue hedgehog.
What are your thoughts on the upcoming game? Is 2017 too far out? Let us know the comments below and like always thanks for watching! If you like our SEGA News Bits videos, make sure to subscribe to us on our YouTube channel.
Tourists in France will be protected by armed police and soldiers at holiday sites, including beaches, this summer, it has emerged.
Britons visiting the country will see increased security at festivals, fairs and beaches, as well as stations and airports.
It comes a day after the southern resort of Cannes banned people taking bags onto its beaches amid fears that France could be hit with further terror attacks.
Tourists in France will be protected by armed police and soldiers at holiday sites, including beaches, this summer, it has emerged.
Cannes (pictured) has banned all bags big enough to conceal a weapon inside from its beaches amid increased fears over the terror threat to France
The town's mayor David Lisnard announced the ban on any bag which could conceal a weapon on Wednesday, in response to the massacre in Nice almost two weeks ago.
The decision also comes the day after an 85-year-old priest was murdered as he performed morning mass in Normandy.
According to 20Minutes, a spokesman for Cannes town hall explained: 'The Mayor has put in place additional protection for locals and tourists on the beaches, under the State of Emergency, banning the possession and transporting of large containers (backpacks, suitcases or other luggage), the opacity and size could hide dangerous materials, weapons or explosives.'
People are being encouraged to carry 'see-through' bags instead, the Mirror claimed.
The ban will remain in place until the end of October - comes amid a growing wave of panic in France, which has suffered seven fatal terror attacks since the start of 2015.
The Côte d'Azur has been flooded with rumours of further possible attacks following the murders in Nice, when Mohamed Lahouaiej-Bouhlel drove a lorry into a crowd on the Promenade des Anglais on Bastille Day, killing 84 innocent people.
Today, police were forced to deny they had foiled an attack on Jaun-le-Pins, which sits in between Nice and Cannes.
The ban comes almost two weeks after 84 people lost their lives in Nice, just 20 miles along the coast. Pictured: A makeshift memorial on the Promenade des Anglais in Nice
According to Nice Matin, a message being shared on social media earlier on Wednesday read: 'A truck full of heavy weapons and explosives had been found in Saint-Tropez and Marseille for an attack in Antibes.'
Police have denied the rumour - saying there had never been any such plot.
Fresh off its agreement to purchase up to 407 MW of wind power for its Iowa data center, Google today announced that it has committed $100 million to create a new fund to help finance the purchase of residential solar installations with SunPower Corporation.
The fund, which will also include $150 million from SunPower, is meant to enable a scheme that is similar to what other residential solar companies currently offer: The fund will purchase the solar panels homeowners will be able to lease these solar systems at a cost that is lower than their normal electricity bill.
SunPower's current program has brought solar panels to about 20,000 U.S. households, and the company expects that this new fund will add “thousands” more. SunPower makes the panels itself and handles the installation for homeowners.
“We're pleased to team with SunPower to make solar power accessible to more homeowners, and offer families a more effective way to reduce their carbon footprint,” said Kojo Ako-Asare, head of corporate finance at Google in a statement today. “Google is committed to promoting the efficient use of resources and expanding the use of renewable energy. Our partnership with SunPower makes good business sense and supports our goals for a clean energy future.”
This marks Google's 16th renewable energy investment and its third in residential rooftop solar. It previously committed $280 million to create a similar fund with SolarCity and also committed $75 million to a fund with Clean Power Finance to bring solar to about 3,000 homeowners.
Recently, ex-Muslim atheists complained that their pages are increasingly being blocked on Facebook. They have created a petition here to ask Facebook to protect one of its most vulnerable communities.
Bangladeshi social activists gathered in a protest against the recent gruesome killing of bloggers, writers and minority people, in Dhaka, Bangladesh on June 10. (Photo: Sk Hasan Ali/Corbis via Getty Images)
This mob behaviour is not innocuous for it has led to the death of secular bloggers in Bangladesh and Maldives. A Christian governor in Indonesia was also recently sentenced to imprisonment for blasphemy.
While a tiny minority perpetrates these heinous acts, it is the narrative stoked by a sizable mass of Muslims that pushes those at the cusp to engage in the unthinkable. Even a scholar who rejects mob lynching and capital punishment leaves "room for lighter sentences."
This narrative affects not just atheists but also progressive believers with viewpoints disdained by the mob majority.
Consistency demands that those who defend Islam through identity politics and freedom of expression in secular countries actually support the same for others living under precarious conditions in Muslim countries.
However, many such defenders of Islam claim that secular bloggers should respect the law of the land. For them Muslim countries have the right to abide by their own laws without dictations by the West. One Muslim academic writes:
"Why must we judge our values by their standards? And what right do they really have to judge us."
Engaging in apologetics on hudud (Islamic punishments), another academic writes that such punishments in Saudi Arabia "are still very rare."
Once they are declared non-Muslim, their blood could technically be spilled through judicial process.
Bloggers who engage in satire and critique of religion are often targeted through blasphemy and apostasy charges. Once they are declared non-Muslim, their blood could technically be spilled through judicial process.
Such apostasy charges are promoted not only by reactionary young Muslims but also esteemed scholars of Islam. The following shows how differences of opinion can easily lead to apostasy and blasphemy charges.
1) Supporting evolution
Muslim philosopher Seyyed Hossein Nasr states:
"Anyone who identifies paradise with some place in Africa where Adam gradually evolved is guilty of the worst kind of heresy theologically speaking. Such people are not serious Muslims anymore."
The late Saudi scholar Bin Baz also declared that Muslims who claim that man descended from apes are heretics. Other scholars like al-Hawali hold similar opinions.
2) Justifying homosexuality
Commenting on the punishment for homosexuality, popular Muslim scholar Bilal Philips expressed in Germany:
"I am not calling for the application of that law here, that is in a society where people have agreed to live by that law ... any Muslim who says I don't stand for this law, I don't believe in this law, then you have to question that person's Islam, is he really a Muslim, or is she really a Muslim."
Likewise, commenting on homosexuality, Muslim academic Yasir Qadhi writes that, "to stand up and justify it, or defend it, or write articles claiming that it is Islamic, without a doubt constitutes kufr (apostasy), and not merely sin."
Qadhi is not alone in this opinion. Many contemporary Muslim scholars can easily buttress this position from classical legal manuals.
3) Reproaching another for taking a concubine
Muslim academic, Dr. Kecia Ali quotes a 17th century chief jurist of Damascus, Haskafi, in her book Sexual Ethics and Islam, as follows:
"If a man has four free [wives] and a thousand concubines and wants to buy another [concubine] and a man reproaches him for that, it will be as if [the man] had committed unbelief."
Police suspect 28-year-old Nazimuddin Samad was targeted for his outspoken atheism in the Muslim majority countryof Bangladesh. (Photo: Zakir Hossain Chowdhury/Barcro/Barcroft Media via Getty Images)
4) Contextualizing inheritance laws
The express Qur'anic text awards male offsprings twice the share in inheritance as women. There are many Muslim scholars who contextualize such texts based on the socio-economic milieu and therefore apportion equal shares especially when women bear equal financial responsibility in contemporary times.
However, academics like Yasir Qadhi state:
"I would be unwilling to call for reform in, say, the Islamic laws of inheritance, since these have been explicitly laid out in the Sacred Texts. If some people consider rejecting the explicit texts of the Quran to be 'Islamic feminism', then I view it as being a manifestation of kufr (apostasy), and you count me an ardent opponent of any such endeavor."
5) Rejecting Slavery
Mufti Taqi Usmani, one of the most influential clerics in the Indian subcontinent, writes on the permissibility of slavery in Islam as follows.
"Thus, the clear manifest truth is that taking slaves is permissible in Islam, with its laws and its limits which have preceded, and nothing has abrogated it, and there are wisdoms in this which we have explained, and the opinion of its abrogation is rejected and is against consensus ..."
While he does not explicitly call for apostasy charges, rejecting consensus potentially invites such charges.
Apologists go at great length to defend classical Islamic positions. The same concern, however, is muted when real people suffer under apostasy and blasphemy charges. In some sense, they are tacitly complicit in the oppression of free thinkers.
There is no level playing field between Muslim apologists and secular bloggers.
Atheists in general are a brave lot for they do not console themselves on the injustices and suffering in this life with a Hereafter.
However, Ayatollah Murtaza Mutahhari writes:
"In my view, if there are individuals who do good to other people ... without any expectation, ... even if they know that no benefit will accrue to them and not even a single person will come to know of what they did or say so much as 'God bless you' to them ... love of good and justice and doing good because it is good and just and worthy, ... it is not far-fetched that such people actually will not be resurrected among the unbelievers, though by their tongues they are considered deniers."
There is no compulsion in religion. But can Muslim apologists overcome their perceived victimhood to support vulnerable bloggers?
Follow HuffPost Canada Blogs on Facebook
Also on HuffPost:
Advertisement
After years of polishing the 4.x series, KDE is once again leading the innovation race among Linux desktop environments with its latest product: Plasma 5. We introduced the new Plasma The New KDE Plasma 5 Desktop Is Gorgeous -- Here's How To Try It The New KDE Plasma 5 Desktop Is Gorgeous -- Here's How To Try It While the KDE Frameworks is considered to be stable, not all things KDE have been modernized. However, you can use other methods to try out KDE 5 until it's widely available. Read A more little less than a year ago, but a lot has changed since. With Plasma 5.2 released in January 2015 and a bugfix release (5.2.2) that came out just last week, it's high time we looked at the current state of KDE's fifth incarnation.
What's New In Plasma 5?
Aside from the obvious visual transformation that everyone's writing about, there are several changes below the surface that are worth mentioning. First of all, KDM is gone – the default display manager is now SDDM, although you can install KDM if you so desire. Screen locking is now controlled by the compositor, and you can no longer add desktop widgets to your lock screen.
Another major change is the so-called “death of the semantic desktop“. Perhaps you remember Nepomuk, an underestimated tool that so many users wanted to disable as soon as they installed KDE. In Plasma 5, it's replaced by a simplified and less resource-hungry file indexing and searching How to Find Files on Linux With 3 Easy Commands How to Find Files on Linux With 3 Easy Commands Read More solution called Baloo. (Note that Baloo doesn't index external media by default; you'll have to enable this option if you plan on using it.)
A whole host of smaller enhancements have also found their way into Plasma 5, including but not limited to:
What Works… and What Doesn't?
The burning question among current and potentially future KDE users is whether Plasma 5 is “ready for the desktop”. The answer is, unsurprisingly, that it depends on a lot of factors: your hardware, your expectations, the apps you plan to use and the features you need. While it's still very much a work in progress, Plasma 5 is usable on most desktop configurations and can work without threatening the stability of your system. However, a number of features are missing, some of which might be considered crucial.
Currently, many applications do not work with the new system tray and therefore can't display their icons in it. Another big issue is that almost all widgets had to be rewritten for Plasma 5, which supports only those built in QML 2 or C++. This renders a lot of existing widgets completely inoperative under Plasma 5, and you will have to wait for the third-party developers to port them or find acceptable alternatives. (Or write your own 7 Useful Tricks for Mastering a New Programming Language 7 Useful Tricks for Mastering a New Programming Language It's okay to be overwhelmed when you are learning to code. You'll probably forget things as quickly as you learn them. These tips can help you to better retain all that new information. Read More widgets!). Due to upstream changes in Qt, locale customization is radically restricted in comparison to KDE 4, and your Plasma calendar is not yet able to show holidays or events.
People who love to customize the desktop How To Completely Customize Your KDE Wallpaper [Linux] How To Completely Customize Your KDE Wallpaper [Linux] KDE for Linux comes with plenty of customization options that exist on all distributions, adding to the uniform beauty of KDE.Today we'll be looking at very small portion of the possible options: the desktop. Read More might suffer, too, because it's not yet possible to tweak the few existing desktop themes to any advanced degree. Add to this the fact that, at the moment, there aren't many themes for Plasma 5 to choose from, and that you can't download them directly from the System Settings dialog.
Other desktop-related problems include the inability to set a custom wallpaper for each virtual desktop, and the Dashboard can only show the widgets that are on the desktop, but not its own, separate set of widgets.
Still not discouraged? Great, because Plasma 5 already offers beautiful, delicate improvements to the user experience, and it's only going to get better. The popular Icon-only Task Manager is back, and now you can control music playback from KRunner. Setting up your desktop is made so much easier thanks to the “Undo” feature that lets you reverse any change you apply to widgets. Swapping widgets is also a breeze, because every widget has a right-click “Alternatives” menu from which you can simply choose another widget for the same purpose.
If you're worried about your favorite Qt 4 applications clashing with Plasma 5, calm down – they will work normally and integrate visually with the new desktop environment. Some applications are being ported to Qt 5, and you can even check their status if you're impatient.
How To Try Plasma 5?
By now you probably can't wait to experience Plasma 5 for yourself. The good news is that nearly all major Linux distributions The Best Linux Operating Systems and Distributions The Best Linux Operating Systems and Distributions With so many Linux distros, choosing one can be difficult. Here are the best the best Linux operating systems to consider. Read More already offer it in the repositories. The bad news, however, is that on most of them you cannot install Plasma 5 alongside KDE 4. You can solve this problem by dual-booting a distribution with Plasma 5, or simply trying it in Live mode The 50 Cool Uses for Live CDs The 50 Cool Uses for Live CDs are perhaps the most useful tool in any geek's toolkit. This live CD how-to guide outlines many uses live CDs or DVDs can offer, from data recovery to enhancing privacy. Read More . But which distribution to choose? Here's a short guide:
Meanwhile, openSUSE offers Plasma 5 in the repositories for versions 13.1 and 13.2. It is expected that Plasma 5 will be offered as one of the default flavors in the next stable release. Fedora 22 and Kubuntu 15.04 have already announced a definite switch to Plasma 5, and rumor has it that Mageia 5 will follow suit.
Does History Repeat Itself?
Critics of KDE might be quick to conclude that KDE developers didn't learn from their mistakes, and that they again released an “unfinished” product. If you haven't started using Linux just yesterday, you probably remember the debacle of KDE 4.0 from 2008. Although it was an experimental release, due to miscommunication some distributions shipped it as if it were a final product. When it turned out that it was buggy, unstable and incomplete, it was already too late – both the users and the media lashed out on the developers, some of whom did not mince words in return. The main problem with KDE 4.0 was that its release coincided with the end of support for Qt 3. Both the developers of KDE and the distributions' maintainers felt pressured to move on to Qt 4.
With Plasma 5, there is no such situation. Although it does represent a switch to Qt 5, Qt 4 applications are still supported and there is no rush to port everything. Another difference is the approach to releasing Plasma components. Instead of releasing everything at once, finished or unfinished, Plasma 5 opted for a cycle in which features are added when they're ready and functional.
Also, there aren't as many radical changes as in KDE 4.0. They won't be replacing Dolphin with another file manager, and the Plasma Desktop and widgets Make Use Of KDE's Desktop Features: Activities, Widgets & Dashboard [Linux] Make Use Of KDE's Desktop Features: Activities, Widgets & Dashboard [Linux] It hasn't been too long ago (since the beginning of this month, in fact) that I switched from using a GNOME desktop to a KDE desktop for my Linux system. Now, I'm not trying to... Read More are not previously unheard of. Moreover, KDE isn't as monolithic as it used to be. Following the brand repositioning in 2014, there are three main components of the desktop environment: KDE Frameworks, KDE Applications and Plasma. This modularity makes it much easier to maintain, since upgrading one component isn't likely to break the entire system.
What To Expect?
According to the official roadmap, Plasma 5.3 is scheduled for the end of April. Developers and users alike speculate that this will be the first truly “end-user-ready” release, mostly due to improvements in the field of graphics (namely, better support for high DPI screens).
If all goes as planned, Plasma 5 will work on both X11 and Wayland, but won't require X11. This is a well-thought out preparation for the inevitable switch from X11 to something more modern. A few exciting improvements are in the works as well: a battery monitor with detailed stats about energy consumption and—finally!—an option to change the position of notifications on the desktop.
This should be enough to keep you occupied until the next version of Plasma 5 sees the light of day. Of course, we'll keep you posted on new developments, so make sure to watch this space.
Have you tried Plasma 5? What did you like about it, and what not? Share your experiences in the comments!
Image Credits: Plasma 5 Logo; Plasma 5.2 Screenshots; Manjaro Desktop; KDE Battery Module by Kai Uwe.
This past weekend's l10n/Nightly workshop reminded me about how great it is meeting Mozillians that work on various aspects of our project. I had some interesting conversations with various communities, about lots of different topics. I don't work specifically with localizers, but it was interesting to hear some of the challenges they face when they have to translate terms in Firefox.
marcia and the Mozilla Ugandan community
These face to face meetups are the best part of working at Mozilla. Although we were mostly in our own spaces in the office, during the lunches and dinners we got to explore some far ranging topics. Some of the communities also brought some "sweets" to the event, which was wonderful.
marcia and the Mozilla Persian community
Thanks to Jeff, Delphine, Flod, Axel, Peiying, Theo, Pascal, and Clara for all their hard work putting the Paris event together and coordinating the logistics. It was truly a great event!
Why the Caps fist pump to DJ Pauly D
By Dan Steinberg
As soon as HBO concluded episode 2 of its 24/7 series with DJ Pauly D Beating Dat Beat, it was obvious that the song would become the fans' anthem. And indeed.
"Beat that beat up washington," John Carlson wrote on Twitter not long after the Winter Classic ended, and Washington did. One Caps fan apparently requested the song from a Pittsburgh DJ on Saturday night. "Get that DJ Pauly D ready!!" another said on Twitter. "Pauly D and fist-pump dance time?" asked yet another. A fourth anointed Beat Dat Beat the song of the day on his Tumblr page on Sunday. Several Washington Post sports writers represented Sunday night on Capitol Hill.
Caps fans have shared stories of buying the song on iTunes or humming it on game days. And when Elliot in the Morning interviewed Mike Knuble this week, he was introduced to the strains of DJ Pauly D. "You had me fist-pumping there, with that music," Knuble said.
And yet, the unanswered question lingered: whose idea was it to link a Jersey Shore sensation with Washington's hockey team? This demanded a Sports Bog investigation.
My immediate thought was that it had to be someone with a European taste in dance music and enough dressing-room standing to rule the iPod selection. That meant Alex Ovechkin or Nicklas Backstrom. Alternatively, it could have been a wry veteran with a strong taste for irony. In other words, Matt Bradley.
Here's the part of the story I was missing, though. There's one member of the team who's young, in touch with pop culture and with two seasons playing for the New Jersey Rockets of the Atlantic Junior Hockey League on his resume. That player's name is John Carlson.
"It kind of started when Jersey Shore came out," Carlson told me Saturday night, after he had finished his last interview about the actual hockey game. "Everyone was kind of making fun of me, but I stayed strong. I love New Jersey, and I'll rep it all the time. Then everyone started actually watching it, and I think it just kind of spiraled from there."
Karl Alzner remembered Carlson playing Beat Dat Beat for him on the way to the airport earlier this season. Alzner, who's nobody's dummy, recognized the potential right away.
"Obviously it's not the best lyrics, because he's just talking for most of it," Carlson's defensive partner told me. "But the beat is good, the chorus is fun, and that's what I really look for in a song."
(If you listen to the entire song, which I've now done in the interest professional propriety, you'll realize that Alzner is, in fact, correct about the talking thing. Sample spoken word lyric: "This is DJ Pauly D. Being a Guido's a way of life. I don't represent all Italians. I represent myself." Or this. "Yo, how come every time I'm DJ'ing, there'll be a hot-ass girl, but she got an ugly-ass friend. C'mon man, I ain't got no time for that." And so on. Can't really sing along to that.)
Now, Carlson is not the official postgame DJ -- he said that honor is performed by a more senior player, typically Backstrom or Brooks Laich. But after initially playing the tune off Carlson's iPod, one of the vets scored it for himself and it became the victory anthem, or what Carlson refers to as the team's "feel-good song."
"Every team does it, I think, they have a feel-good song after a win," he said. "After every win, they throw it on."
"We didn't have to convince anyone," Alzner added. "Because one of the older guys wanted it. And when one of the older guys want it, you can usually make it happen."
So, the fist-pumping? Was that done for dramatic effect with the HBO cameras looming? To the contrary. That's actually part of the routine.
"Well, I think no one really wants to fist pump on TV," Alzner said, referencing some of the bashful looks above. "I don't care. It doesn't really matter to me."
And finally, after one of the biggest January wins in franchise history, in front of a massive national audience, against a bitter rival, did the Caps actually Beat Dat Beat on Saturday night? Well, sort of. There were so many post-game interviews on the ice, and such a massive post-game media horde in the dressing room, that the team's normal private time was cut short. So they indeed played the song, but in abbreviated fashion.
"It wasn't loud enough, though," Alzner said, gesturing to the tiny speaker in the Heinz Field dressing room. "The sound doesn't carry well. That's just a little guy; you need the big speakers. I came over here to turn it up and it wouldn't go up any louder, and then I kind of lost the buzz."
So what's next? Well, DJ Pauly D already knows what's up.
"Washington Capitals fist pumping to DJPaulyD in the dressing room This Is Great!!!!" he wrote on his own Twitter feed, which has 580,000 or so followers.
"I'm trying to get someone to get him down to a game," Carlson said. "I doubt he's a hockey fan, but maybe it'll help his reputation."
Anyone in a position to make this happen?
Last week the government quietly announced a review into the biggest political hot potato of all - and almost no-one noticed.
Image: Death of the NHS (after David). Rights: Peter BB Davis.
Imagine for a moment that you are the newly re-elected Conservative Prime Minister, and you want to launch an inquiry into whether the NHS should be paid for in future through user charges and insurance, not through tax.
But you've got a problem - you've just won an election without breathing a word that you were considering such a fundamental change to the funding of the NHS.
So how would you make such an announcement?
Very quietly, of course.
Last week the government did just that.
If David Cameron, or his Chancellor or Health Secretary had announced such an inquiry to re-consider a principle that has been sacrosanct since 1946, you'd expect front page headlines and Newsnight specials considering the implications. You'd expect a bit of a flurry (to say the least) about whether Cameron was back-tracking from his promises about what voters said was their number one issue.
But the launch of this inquiry has not been reported in the mainstream media, at all.
Why? Because it was casually announced by a little known minister, the newly ennobled “Under Secretary of State for NHS Productivity", Lord David Prior, in the rarefied atmosphere of a House of Lords debate on the “sustainability” of the NHS, moved on 9th July by crossbench peer Lord Patel.
The principle of how the NHS is funded has (mostly) stood firm since 1946, summed up in clause 4 of its White Paper:
“All the service, or any part of it, is to be available to everyone in England and Wales. The Bill imposes no limitations on availability – e.g. limitations based on financial means, age, sex, employment or vocation, area of residence, or insurance qualification.”
That is, the NHS is available to everyone, whether or not they can afford to pay user charges, or whether they are insurable. The question about whether the NHS could be funded through user charges or insurance is answered here: No it shouldn't.
But where better to have the sort of debate that no one has voted for, and launch an inquiry that no-one has voted for, than in the House of Lords, which no one has voted for?
Prior – recently elevated to the Lords from his stint as the strongly pro-market chair of the Care Quality Commission, formerly a Conservative MP and deputy party Chair – led for the government in the Lords debate.
Before he seized the opportunity to push his agenda, he said he listened to the “strength of feeling” in the unelected House.
Tory peers like Lord Cormack argued in favour of moving away from tax funding, saying:
"All forms of funding must be looked at. We have to have a plurality of funding if we are to have a sustainable NHS. Whether the extra funding comes from compulsory insurances or certain charges matters not, but it has to come.”
Matters not!? As a true Tory, he says that the funding should not come from taxing the rich (which he does not even countenance), but instead from taxing the sick.
More disappointing were the contributions from Labour peers like (the notoriously pro-privatisation) Lord Warner:
“Our tax-funded, largely free at the point of clinical need NHS is rapidly approaching an existential moment. The voices of dissent and outrage will no doubt be deafening but a wise Government should begin now the process of helping the public engage in a discourse about future funding of the NHS."
Far from endorsing the tax-funded system that is widely acknowledged to be the fairest way of paying for healthcare, here we have Labour peers suggesting the government should "help" the public to think of other ways to pay for healthcare.
Another Labour peer, Lord Desai, suggested bizarrely that patients should be issued with an "Oyster card" which is deducted whenever a patient uses healthcare, and patients should receive a "bill" at the end of the year, saying this would “help make it clear to people that a free National Health Service is not a costless one."
Shades of Jeremy Hunt's daft suggestion to put the price on prescription medicines.
But the problem with the NHS is not unnecessary demands, it is the sheer magnitude of people who need healthcare. An "NHS Oyster card" will not reduce the number of elderly people with acute co-morbidities. And if "consumer demand" is a problem, the solution is to turn patients back into patients rather than healthcare consumers, and remove the market.
Once their Lordships had had their say, Prior concluded for the government, saying that though he “personally” liked a tax-funded system,
“if demand for healthcare outstrips growth in the economy for a prolonged period, of course that premise has to be questioned."
And he announced the ‘way forward':
"I would like to meet the noble Lord, Lord Patel, and maybe two or three others, to discuss this in more detail to see whether we can frame some kind of independent inquiry—I do not think that it needs to be a royal commission. We are not short of people who could look at this issue for us; there are health foundations, such as the Nuffield Trust and the King's Fund.”
Prior ignores the fact that the Kings Fund has already recently carried out an inquiry, the Barker Review, which rejected user charges and called instead for more taxes to pay for healthcare, in particular through a review of inheritance tax and national insurance increases.
Both of which George Osborne has just cut, of course.
So Prior orders another inquiry, this time using people he has chosen and presumably people who will produce the desired result. Such a fundamental inquiry should involve the public and be held in public, but it appears Prior does not want the public involved.
Is Prior, in announcing an inquiry into so fundamental an issue, acting above his paygrade as an unelected junior health minister?
And are we being nudged towards an inefficient, unfair ‘pay NHS' in the only way possible – undemocratically?
Like this piece? Please donate to OurNHS here to help keep us producing the NHS stories that matter. Thank you.
Editors' note:
We've been inundated with people asking how they can help fight this. We suggest contacting your MP and pointing out to them that the government health minister, Lord Prior, has just suggested to parliament that he plans to launch an inquiry to consider whether we should move away from a tax-funded NHS towards one funded by insurance and co-payments.
Ask them (if they are a Conservative MP) or ask them to ask David Cameron in parliament (if they are not) whether it is now official government policy to consider such a move to an insurance or user-fee funded NHS, away from the core principles of the NHS that have been in place since 1946?
You might also want to remind them that David Cameron said in 2011:
'Let me make this clear - we will not be moving towards an insurance scheme, we will not introduce an American-style private system. In this country, we have this most wonderful, precious institution and idea. That whenever you're ill, however rich you are, you can walk into a hospital or surgery and get treated for free. No questions asked. No cash asked. I will never put that at risk.'
And ask your friends to do the same!
The star has only made three cameo appearances since becoming governor
California governor and former action movie star Arnold Schwarzenegger is to play himself in a film being made by Sylvester Stallone.
The 61-year-old will make a rare big-screen appearance in The Expendables, Stallone's publicist confirmed.
The film, in which Stallone also stars, follows a group of mercenaries trying to overthrow a South American dictator.
Actors Jet Li, Dolph Lundgren, Eric Roberts, Mickey Rourke and Forest Whitaker will also star.
As well as acting, Stallone is also writing and directing the film.
Publicist Sheryl Main said Schwarzenegger will play himself as California's governor and will shoot his scene in Los Angeles.
The actor has made just three cameos for friends since becoming governor in 2003, including Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson film The Rundown in 2003 and Around the World in 80 Days in 2004.
Schwarzenegger and Stallone co-founded the restaurant chain Planet Hollywood together in 1991, along with Bruce Willis, but the Terminator star severed all his financial ties with the business in 2000.
We have heard the Mars exploration mantra for more than a decade: follow the water. In a new paper published October 9, 2015, in the journal Science, the Mars Science Laboratory (MSL) team presents recent results of its quest to not just follow the water but to understand where it came from, and how long it lasted on the surface of Mars so long ago.
The story that has unfolded is a wet one: Mars appears to have had a more massive atmosphere billions of years ago than it does today, with an active hydrosphere capable of storing water in long-lived lakes. The MSL team has concluded that this water helped to fill Gale Crater, the MSL rover Curiosity's landing site, with sediment deposited as layers that formed the foundation for the mountain found in the middle of the crater today.
Curiosity has been exploring Gale Crater, which is estimated to be between 3.8 billion and 3.6 billion years old, since August 2012. In mid-September 2014, the rover reached the foothills of Aeolis Mons, a three-mile-high layered mountain nicknamed "Mount Sharp" in honor of the late Caltech geologist Robert Sharp. Curiosity has been exploring the base of the mountain since then.
"Observations from the rover suggest that a series of long-lived streams and lakes existed at some point between 3.8 billion to 3.3 billion years ago, delivering sediment that slowly built up the lower layers of Mount Sharp," says Ashwin Vasavada (PhD '98), MSL project scientist. "However, this series of long-lived lakes is not predicted by existing models of the ancient climate of Mars, which struggle to get temperatures above freezing," he says.
This mismatch between the predictions of Mars's ancient climate that arise from models developed by paleoclimatologists and indications of the planet's watery past, as interpreted by geologists, bears similarities to a century-old scientific conundrum—in this case, about Earth's ancient past.
At the time, geologists first began to recognize that the shapes of the continents matched each other, almost like scattered puzzle pieces, explains John Grotzinger, Caltech's Fletcher Jones Professor of Geology, chair of the Division of Planetary and Geological Sciences, and lead author of the paper. "Aside from the shapes of the continents, geologists had paleontological evidence that fossil plants and animals in Africa and South America were closely related, as well as unique volcanic rocks suggestive of a common spatial origin. The problem was that the broad community of earth scientists could not come up with a physical mechanism to explain how the continents could plow their way through Earth's mantle and drift apart. It seemed impossible. The missing component was plate tectonics," he says. "In a possibly similar way, we are missing something important about Mars."
As Curiosity has trekked across Gale Crater, it has stopped to examine numerous areas of interest. All targets are imaged, and soil samples have been scooped from some; the rocks in a select few places have been drilled for samples. These samples are deposited into the rover's onboard laboratories. Using data from these instruments, as well as visual imaging from the onboard cameras and spectroscopic analyses, MSL scientists have pieced together an increasingly coherent and compelling story about the evolution of this region of Mars.
Before Curiosity landed on Mars, scientists proposed that Gale Crater had filled with layers of sediments. Some hypotheses were "dry," implying that the sediments accumulated from wind-blown dust and sand, whereas others focused on the possibility that sediment layers were deposited in ancient streams and lakes. The latest results from Curiosity indicate that these wetter scenarios were correct for the lower portions of Mount Sharp. Based on the new analysis, the filling of at least the bottom layers of the mountain occurred mostly by ancient rivers and lakes.
"During the traverse of Gale, we have noticed patterns in the geology where we saw evidence of ancient fast-moving streams with coarser gravel as well as places where streams appear to have emptied out into bodies of standing water," Vasavada says. "The prediction was that we should start seeing water-deposited, fine-grained rocks closer to Mount Sharp. Now that we've arrived, we're seeing finely laminated mudstones in abundance." These silty layers in the strata are interpreted as ancient lake deposits.
"These finely laminated mudstones are very similar to those we see on Earth," says Woody Fischer, professor of geobiology at Caltech and coauthor of the paper. "The scale of lamination—which occurs both at millimeter and centimeter scale—represents the settling of plumes of fine sediment through a standing body of water. This is exactly what we see in rocks that represent ancient lakes on Earth." The mudstone indicates the presence of bodies of standing water in the form of lakes that remained for long periods of time, possibly repeatedly expanding and contracting during hundreds to millions of years. These lakes deposited the sediment that eventually formed the lower portion of the mountain.
"Paradoxically, where there is a mountain today there was once a basin, and it was sometimes filled with water," says Grotzinger. "Curiosity has measured about 75 meters of sedimentary fill, but based on mapping data from NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter and images from Curiosity's cameras, it appears that the water-transported sedimentary deposition could have extended at least 150–200 meters above the crater floor, and this equates to a duration of millions of years in which lakes could have been intermittently present within the Gale Crater basin," Grotzinger says. Furthermore, the total thickness of sedimentary deposits in Gale Crater that indicate interaction with water could extend higher still—up to perhaps 800 meters above the crater floor, and possibly representing tens of millions of years.
But layers deposited above that level do not require water as an agent of deposition or alteration. "Above 800 meters, Mount Sharp shows no evidence of hydrated strata, and that is the bulk of what forms Mount Sharp. We see another 4,000 meters of nothing but dry strata," Grotzinger says. He suggests that perhaps this segment of the crater's history may have been dominated by eolian, or wind-driven, deposition, as was once imagined for the lower part explored by Curiosity. This occurred after the wet period that built up the base of the mountain.
A lingering question surrounds the original source of the water that carried sediment into the crater. For flowing water to have existed on the surface, Mars must have had a thicker atmosphere and warmer climate than has been theorized for the time frame bookending the intense geological activity in Gale Crater. Evidence for this ancient, wetter climate exists in the rock record. However, current models of this paleoclimate—factoring in estimates of the early atmosphere's mass, composition, and the amount of energy it received from the sun—come up, quite literally, dry. Those models indicate that the atmosphere of Mars could not have sustained large quantities of liquid water.
Yet the rock record discovered at Gale Crater suggests a different scenario. "Whether it was snowfall or rain, you have geologic evidence for that moisture accumulating in the highlands of the Gale Crater rim," Grotzinger says. In the case of Gale Crater, at least some of the water was supplied by the highlands that form the crater rim, but groundwater discharge—a standard explanation to reconcile wet geologic observations with dry paleoclimatic predictions—is unlikely in this area. "Right on the other side of Gale's northern rim are the Northern Plains. Some have made the argument that there was a northern ocean sitting out there, and that's one way to get the moisture that you need to match what we are seeing in the rocks." Pinpointing the possible location of an ocean, however, does not help to explain how that water managed to exist as a liquid for extended periods of time on the surface.
As climatologists try to develop new atmospheric models, help should be coming from the continuing explorations by Curiosity. "There are still many kilometers of Mars history to explore," says Fischer. He thinks that some of the most exciting data yet may come in the next few years as Curiosity climbs higher on Mount Sharp. "The strata will reveal Gale's early history, its story. We know there are rocks that were deposited underwater, in the lake. What is the chemistry of these rocks? That lake represented an interface between the water and the atmosphere, and should tell us important things about the environment of the time."
"We have tended to think of Mars as being simple," adds Grotzinger. "We once thought of the earth as being simple, too. But the more you look into it, questions come up because you're beginning to fathom the real complexity of what we see on Mars. This is a good time to go back to reevaluate all our assumptions. Something is missing somewhere."
Hellfire Citadel Wing 5- Archimonde is now open! Learn more in our Hellfire Citadel preview.
The armies of Azeroth are set to charge into Tanaan Jungle and the new Raid found there. To help with the coordination of these fiery days to come, we've broken down the unlock schedule for Hellfire Citadel. Get ready!
If you're among those patiently sharpening your sword until Raid Finder unlocks, please note that you'll need a minimum item level of 650 to enter. Here's the rundown:
June 23 (with the release of Patch 6.2)
Hellfire Citadel Normal and Heroic difficulties open.
June 30
Mythic difficulty becomes available.
Raid Finder Wing 1 (Hellfire Assault, Iron Reaver, Kormrok) unlocks.
July 14
Raid Finder Wing 2 (Hellfire High Council, Kilrogg, Gorefiend) unlocks.
July 28
Raid Finder Wing 3 (Shadow-Lord Iskar, Socrethar the Eternal, Tyrant Velhari) unlocks.
August 11
Raid Finder Wing 4 (Fel Lord Zakuun, Xhul'horac, Mannoroth) unlocks.
August 25
Habitual congressional gridlock usually has no impact on the lives of ordinary Americans. But what happened on the Senate floor last Friday just before lawmakers left for their Thanksgiving break will delay tax refunds next year for some 50 million taxpayers who count on them.
The underlying reason is a 38-year-old congressional tax blunder that has never been corrected. In 1969, Congress passed the alternative minimum tax (AMT) to collect from 155 tax-avoiding millionaires. But because the scheme was not indexed for inflation, this year alone it would hit 23 million extra people with higher taxes. The AMT will be "patched" to provide relief, as it has been in every Congress, but not in time this year. Refunds totaling more than $75 billion will arrive many weeks late not only for taxpayers earning $100,000 to $200,000 who are unintentionally affected by the AMT but also for lower-income persons because the IRS refund procedure will be disrupted by the delay.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid's eleventh-hour effort to fix the problem on Friday collapsed when he refused to open the proceedings to votes on Republican tax-cutting proposals. At the heart of this deadlock is a debate between Democrats and Republicans over whether the level of federal taxation should be controlled. For once, the debate comes home to ordinary taxpayers in the form of delayed refund checks.
The AMT problem did not take Congress by surprise. For months the administration had been calling for another AMT "patch" to keep the monster that Congress built from devouring more taxpayers. But Democratic Rep. Charles Rangel, chairman of the tax-writing House Ways and Means Committee, said that he instead would attempt "the mother of all tax reforms": total repeal of the AMT, with lost revenue paid for by massive taxing of the rich -- a trillion-dollar redistribution of wealth over the next decade.
Rangel's "mother" was going nowhere, so Congress belatedly turned last month to passing a patch. The Blue Dogs, self-styled Democratic fiscal conservatives, insisted on offsets -- $26 billion in tax increases -- to cover lost AMT revenue. Rangel's new bill (called "little mother" by Republicans) hit unpopular targets: private equity accounts, hedge funds and investment partnerships. It passed the House on Nov. 9 on a party-line vote.
Everybody knew "little mother" was pure posturing. There was no chance for the necessary 60-vote Senate supermajority. Indeed, Senate Democratic leaders did not want a tax-increase offset for the patch. The bill that ultimately will reach President Bush's desk will contain no tax increase. Reid said he would not pass a bill until December, when Congress returned from its Thanksgiving break.
But the Internal Revenue Service announced that it would take 10 weeks to readjust its computers to account for the patched AMT, affecting its entire refund system. One $90,000-a-year Senate staffer complained that he would not be getting his tax refunds, and the word spread among his colleagues (who comprise an unregistered, potent lobbyist bloc). Republican lawmakers pounded on the Democrats for inflicting pain on ordinary taxpayers. Prominent Democratic senators urged Reid to get something done.
Consequently, with senators prepared to leave Washington the next day, Reid made a surprise announcement last Thursday. The Senate would take up the AMT patch Friday morning instead of waiting for December. All signs indicated that Reid was serious about taking action.
Grave philosophical differences between Republicans and Democrats prevented passage. Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell proposed permitting Republicans to offer four floor amendments to the bill. Reid did not want to subject his Democrats to voting against tax cuts, including repeal of the estate tax. So the two party leaders mutually refused to grant the unanimous consent needed for the Senate to take up the bill, and the senators left Washington with another piece of work undone.
The AMT surely will be patched in December, too late for timely tax refunds. The GOP political reaction was previewed by a Senate Republican Communications Center news release last week titled: "Democrat Delays Put Millions of Middle Class Taxpayers at Risk." But one senior Bush administration official privately expressed fear that Republicans would get blamed. In last Friday's brief Senate debate, Reid said "this man, this man President Bush" caused the trouble by using "credit cards" instead of offsetting tax cuts. He did not reconcile that with his own willingness to fix the AMT temporarily without raising other taxes.
¿ 2007 Creators Syndicate Inc.
Kansas State. Sen Tim Owens was one of the moderate Republicans who went down in flames in yesterday's primaries – a 20-point landslide defeat. I talked with Owens today to get his take on the shellacking.
Slate: When did you realize that you would lose the election?
Owens: At around 9 o'clock last night. We thought it would be close, and I'd heard people mention that it was close. I've been doing this for a long time, though, and… well, it came out the way it did.
Slate: Well, how would you describe what happened to you?
Owens: It's something of a classical battle that's going on in the Republican Party these days between the ultra conservative wing and the moderates. My assessment is that there's a very passionate, ultra-conservative part of the party that got their people out to vote, and there's a fairly apathetic middle of the road moderate group that doesn't seem as passionate, to me, about anything. And that's too bad, because in the new Senate there won't be much attention paid to social services, to education, and some of the other things that at least some of us believe are tantamount to quality of life.
Slate: And you were targeted, at least in part, because you opposed the tax plan. Why did you oppose it?
Owens: I've seen projections that say we'd be at a $2.7 billion in five years if we cut taxes too deeply. We have a constiutional mandate in Kansas that we have to balance the budget. if we're $2.7 billion in the hole, we either have to go back and raise taxes, which the new senators won't do, or we have to cut the programs. What do you cut in Kansas, where 67% of the budget is K-12 or higher ed? You're talking about higher ed taking a huge hit, and I suppose you're expecting private or parochical school to fill the gap. But Kansas right now is sixth in the nation for quality of public education. The theory, as I understand it, will be that businesses will bring enough new jobs to Kansas to make up the difference in funding. But if part of his tax plan is to eliminate income tax, it's not gonna make a lot of difference, is it? Do they raise the property tax instead? The whole theory is haywire.
Slate: Did the governor allay any of these concerns with you?
Owens: I chair the judicial committee, so when we talked, it was usually about that. And he probably wrote me off based on that.
Slate: Why?
Owens: I think that early on in the next session, the governor will revisit the idea of selecting appelate court judges. What he wants to do is have the governor pick and choose judges, the way that it works in Washington, and send them to the Senate, which – if it's made up of the people who won yesterday – will deliver a virtual rubber stamp of his selection. We will have judges selected on a basis of their social leanings instead of their merits.
Slate: But I'm curious, did the Kansas Chamber or any of the groups that opposed you try to work on you before spending money in the election?
Owens: They wrote me off early on. They went after the eight moderates they saw as impediments. And the challengers were backed very strongly by the Americans for Prosperity. I don't know if you've heard of them, but they basically have an anti-tax philosophy. They were started by Koch Industries and the Koch brothers, that's where the money comes from against us. The local Chambers are wholly owned by Koch Industries and AFP.
Slate: But Koch Industries is a Kansas-based company that ostensibly provides jobs in Kansas, pays taxes in Kansas.
Owens: Sure, but they are absolutely opposed to taxes. If it were up to them they'd want us to do away with all taxes and leave them alone. They may be a Kansas business, they may be the biggest company run by a single family, but they need to be asking the question “What can we do for Kansas?” and not “What can Kansas do for us?” Koch Industries is just a terrible, terrible citizen as far as I'm concerned. I think Koch Industries has done a major disservice to the state of Kansas.
Slate: What's the disservice, specifically?
Owens: I'd say that maybe 80 percent of country are middle of roaders. They're not always fired up enough to go and look at what impact government has on them. The people who play close attention, it seems, are so passionate against everything. And so the middle of the roaders don't want to be anywhere close to that. Until we turn back to the middle and get balance, we're in trouble. That will bleed over into opinions people have of Kansas. It will bleed over into opinions people have of us internationally.
You'd think, with the amount of money the SWIFT inter-bank payment system transfers every day, that the group would be strong on security. Not so, says a former head of the organization.
The SWIFT organization has been trying to up its security game after a string of high-profile hacking attacks that siphoned off millions from the system. But Leonard Schrank, CEO of SWIFT from 1992 to 2007, admitted that the organization has been snoozing on security for too long.
"The board took their eye off the ball," Schrank told Reuters. "They were focusing on other things, and not about the fundamental, sacred role of SWIFT, which is the security and reliability of the system."
Schrank said that he was "partially responsible" for the situation, as he and other board members hadn't considered the security implications of smaller banks joining the network and not taking proper precautions to lock down the payment system.
Large Western banks are the heaviest users of SWIFT, but the number of smaller banks joining the network has grown, and these often don't have the budget to protect the system. Martin Ullman, a SWIFT consultant based in Prague, said that he had been in contact with an admin at the Central Bank of the Solomon Islands who couldn't afford the cost of upgrading the SWIFT messaging system.
"The difficulty is always to keep the security system very effective when you deal with little banks and emerging countries," said former SWIFT board member Alessandro Lanteri. "There, it is very difficult to be sure that all the procedures of security are managed in the correct way."
Another former SWIFT board member, Arthur Cousins, claimed that part of the problem is that the organization didn't believe it was responsible for the security of people using its systems – it felt that was a job for banking regulators.
"SWIFT and its Board have prioritized security, continually monitoring the landscape and responding by adapting the specific security focuses as threats have evolved," SWIFT said in a statement.
"Today's security threats are not the same threats the industry faced five or ten years ago – or even a year ago – and like any other responsible organization, we adapt as the threat changes." ®
I'm sure there's some mistake, because if this was true, it would mean that the Catholic Church's political attack against the Obama administration was mere posturing for the benefit of their right-wing buddies, and not a heartfelt defense of a religious position against abortion that, by the way, is younger than the Happy Meal:
U.S. Catholic bishops have vowed to fight the Obama administration's compromise on insurance coverage for contraception and sterilization, denouncing it as "coercive," "insulting," "unconstitutional," "belligerent," and "dangerous."
Yet there is evidence the sterilization services the bishops oppose have been provided by many Catholic hospitals across the country, including a few in the Philadelphia area.
Some evidence comes from news reports about bishops cracking down. In Texas in 2008, for example, two hospitals were ordered to stop doing the sterilization surgery, called tubal ligation. In Oregon in 2010, a hospital that refused to stop lost its Catholic status.
Last year, however, a more scientific look at sterilization practices was published as a doctoral dissertation at Baylor University by Sandra Hapenney, a Catholic in Waco, Texas.
Using standardized hospital discharge data, she found that between 2007 and 2009, more than 20,000 women who gave birth at Catholic hospitals in New Jersey and six other states then had their "tubes tied." Eighty-five hospitals - almost half of those providing obstetric services - were doing sterilizations to end fertility.
Among these were Our Lady of Lourdes Medical Center in Camden and Lourdes Medical Center of Burlington County in Willingboro, where Hapenney found that 282 women - 6 percent of those who gave birth - were sterilized in 2008 and 2009.
Catholic ecclesial and hospital authorities dismiss Hapenney's study as incorrect, although they won't discuss specifics.
Hadmut
Ist Euch mal was aufgefallen?
Einerseits erzählen sie uns was davon, dass wir bald alle keine Arbeitsplätze mehr haben, weil alles von Digitalisierung und Robotern übernommen wird, schon in den nächsten 10 Jahren, wir aber auch alle nicht mehr arbeiten müssen, weil die Roboter uns ernähren und ein „bedingungsloses Grundeinkommen” erwirtschaften.
Andererseits setzen sie ein staatliches Projekt nach dem anderen in den Sand – ePerso, BER usw. – und zeigen sich als Staat von allem, was mit Computer, Digital und Roboter zu tun hat, als völlig überfordert und komplett inkompetent, und allein als unzufriedene Konsumenten. (Neuland Internet, Facebook, IT-Recht usw.), fluten die Universitäten mit Dummköpfen und reduzieren die Schul- und Universitätsausbildung zum Pro-Forma-Vorgang.
Innovationen kommen nur noch aus der Industrie, vor allem den Mittelständischen, und die werden gerade an die Chinesen verhökert (siehe Kuka, obwohl doch unsere Zukunft von Robotern abhängen soll).
Und wenn man genau hinschaut, sind es die gleichen Leute, die hinter allem stecken. Die einen Flughafen nicht mit 5 Jahren Verspätung fertigkriegen, aber uns einreden wollen, dass Computer und Roboter in 10 Jahren alle Arbeitsplätze übernommen haben.
Und wiederum die gleichen Leute schieben mit dieser Sichtweise ganze Generationen in die Erwerbsunfähigkeit durch absurde Universitätsstudiengänge, während gleichzeitig die Handwerksbetriebe kaputt gehen, weil sie kaum noch Nachwuchs bekommen, und von denen, die sie bekommen, die meisten nicht ordentlich lesen und schreiben können. Als ob man sich gleich schon mal auf das versprochene Roboterzeitalter und Schlaraffenland einrichtet, in dem sich jeder nur noch seinen Hobbys zuwenden und dem Müßiggang hingeben muss.
On today's episode of, “When nail art goes bad”,…*dramatic music*…
I couldn't leave well enough alone! I had to keep trying nail art. I thought I was soo cool! I couldn't just stick to plain swatches, ohhh nooo! I had to try and be creattiivee. When will I learn? When. Will. I. Learn?
When Nails Inc came out with their sprinkles collection, I couldn't afford them, (still can't), and reallllly wanted them. So when cheaper versions became available, I bought them all! I have a bunch of this exact same sprinkles-type polish and so I wanted to add something to it, I didn't want to repeat a look I've already worn.
My idea was to pair it with a metallic pink. I thought the more pink the better and the metallic glitter will work with the metallic polish? I was wrrroong! The sprinkles were really nice on it's own and I should have left it that way.
To add insult to injury, the metallic pink was gorgeous on it's own too, I should have just worn both polishes separately and I would have had two lovely manis. *Sigh* Instead of this:
I didn't ruin my right hand! :) Here's Candy Sprinkles on it's own:
So what did I learn from this? NOTHING! I'm doing monsterous nail art right now!
Tune in tomorrow for the next episode of, “When nail art goes bad!”……*dramatic music*
Thanks for looking! :)
-Eleobel x
Advertisements
Next Chapter >
Certified Classic
What makes a car classic? Is it simply a matter of age? A matter of performance? Styling? Value? Those are all things that can be considered, but the more I've thought about it, the more I've come to the conclusion that a true classic is a car that cannot be replaced, replicated or made irrelevant.
With the automotive industry moving at such a rapid pace these days, it's easy to feel like cars have become just like computers. Not just in the way they operate, but in the way they are constantly being improved and refreshed, with each subsequent redesign having more technology, more safety, more horsepower, improved fuel economy and so on. If you go out and buy a brand-new car today, there's always the worry that it will soon be replaced by a better one.
I think the upcoming reborn Acura NSX is a fine example of automakers pushing the limits when it comes to performance car engineering and technology. While we've yet to hop behind the wheel of the next-gen car, all accounts suggest it will be a pretty amazing machine with its twin turbochargers, three electric motors, 9-speed gearbox and all-wheel drive.
But what will the arrival of the new NSX mean for the original version? Well, I don't expect enthusiasm for the original cars to diminish one bit. In fact, I can only see more passion and appreciation for the first-gen car in coming years.
Sure, the new NSX will likely beat out the original in every way. It will be way faster, safer, more comfortable, more fuel efficient and have a much higher level of technology throughout.
But it certainly won't replace the original. If anything, the arrival of the new NSX will only make us better realize how special its predecessor was.
The NSX is one of those cars that never went out of style or felt obsolete. It was a rather advanced machine when it debuted, but by today's standards it feels refreshingly simple and analog in nature.
In terms of styling it was a head-turner when first introduced, and it still earns the same reactions on the street some 25 years on. To many car enthusiasts, the first generation NSX represents Honda at its absolute peak.
A 13-Year Journey
One of those enthusiasts is a Tokyo resident by the name of Yoshinobu. He has owned his NA1 NSX for about 13 years now, and during that time has massaged it into his ideal version of a street-going NSX.
Yoshinobu's first car was an FC3S Mazda RX-7, which he drove for five years before replacing with a more practical Honda Accord Wagon. His interest in cars did not subside though, and he soon found himself drawn towards vintage cars from the '70s. He went on to own a couple of Toyota TE27 Corolla Levins, for which he'd collected quite an array of parts.
All was going well until he was introduced to the Honda NSX by an acquaintance who owned one. Yoshinobu got a chance to experience the car, and he didn't just like it – he completely fell in love with it. He soon decided he'd do whatever it would take to own one for himself.
He sold all of his cars and the parts he'd gathered and set off on the hunt for of an NSX of his own. Grand Prix White was the color he wanted, and it would be two years before he came across a suitable car posted for sale on a dealer's website. He promptly made plans to go and see the car for himself, and upon inspection everything checked out. The paperwork was signed and Yoshinobu became an NSX owner.
The car was 100 per cent stock when he acquired it, but Yoshinobu didn't plan on keeping it that way. In fact, after spotting a photo of the PHASE NSX demo car in the Yokohama Tire & Wheel catalog, he was determined to modify his car with a similar style. Little by little he transformed the stock NSX into the car you see here.
For Yoshinobu, one of his biggest points of pride is the Honda's bodywork and aero setup. Most of the body parts come from NSX specialists Marga Hills, but all of the panels have been customised in some way to give the car a cleaner, more seamless look.
For example, he added OEM-style press lines to the front bumper, modified the wide body front fenders to better flow with NSX's profile and did a custom duct in the rear diffuser – just to name a few of the many handcrafted touches.
Yoshinobu also used custom under panels for both the front lip and side skirts, as well as carbon end pieces for the Marga Hills rear wing.
There's No Topping The Original
As for power upgrades, rather than going for some sort of forced induction setup, the engine has stayed true to its naturally aspirated roots. Upgrades include a Mishimoto carbon fiber induction system with TAITEC scoop and an ADVANCE GT titanium exhaust system. The drivetrain has also been upgraded with a KSP Engineering/OS Giken Super Lock differential, and an OS Giken clutch and flywheel combo.
In the suspension and chassis department, the car is running a set of of PCR adjustable coilovers with BESTEX springs. Yoshinobu also fitted a stabilizer bar and a lower chassis reinforcement bar from an NSX-R, and Okuyama shock tower braces in both the front and rear.
And what better wheel to match up with a legendary Japanese sportscar than the RAYS Volk Racing TE37? The NSX ran staggered wheel diameters from the factory, and Yoshinobu stayed true to that with 18-inch TE37s up front and 19s in the rear with Yokohama S.drive tires all around.
Inside the cockpit of the NSX, the modifications are tasteful and functional. The shifter and knob come from an NSX-R and the steering wheel is a 350mm Nardi with a quick-release hub.
The seats for both the driver and passenger are Recaro SPGs on TAITEC mounts with Willans harnesses and a Ritomo harness bar.
Another cool touch is the homemade carbon trim throughout the car, including the door pads, A-pillar covers, gauge covers, door sill garnish, and switch panel.
While it's been a long journey for Yoshinobu and his NSX, he says he's not yet done with the modifications on the car. He actually has a complete '02 NSX-R front end that he's planning to fit, along with a StopTech Big Brake Kit.
Aside from that, he wants to continue on with the handcrafted bodywork. Based on what we've seen so far, I have no doubt he'll keep things tasteful and attractive.
My feeling is that Yoshinobu has built an NSX with just as much appeal as the new tech-laden version that's on the way. More importantly, it's an appeal that will be as strong decades from now as it is today.
Classic in every sense of the word.
Mike Garrett
Instagram: speedhunters_mike
mike@speedhunters.com
Photos by Larry Chen
Instagram: larry_chen_foto
larry@speedhunters.com
Android OS Now Available as an Amazon Machine Image 🎉
We've released the very first AWS EC2 instances for Android
Genymotion Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 17, 2016
What does that mean?
Well several things! First off, we're making Android join Linux and Windows on Amazon Web Services (AWS), the most used cloud platform, in the form of an Amazon EC2 AMI (a.k.a Amazon Machine Image — check this if you don't know what it is).
In other words, developers can finally enjoy a fully functional Android emulator on AWS EC2 instances, with a pay as you go pricing starting at around $0.40/hr. Not much huh? Yeah we thought that too 😊
Worth a thousand words, here's how smooth it is (turn the sound on 😉).
Most importantly, we're opening a world of infinite possibilities!
Our virtual device for AWS can integrate with any existing continuous integration infrastructure and even get embedded in a website!
By leveraging AWS APIs, you can build or extend your own solution on top of Genymotion VD for AWS.
There are many use cases for this: performance monitoring, threat detection and protection, competitive analysis, advertising, IT service management, rapid prototyping… The only limit is your imagination 😉
We're very proud of this achievement! You can give our Android AWS EC2 instances a try at this link.
Don't know where to start? We've paved the way with this small tutorial.
Let us know what you think in comments!
Hit that ❤ button if you're as much happy as we are
Greg Winn, center, a Paper Machinery Corp. tool designer for 36 years reacts to the announcement, with Chad Leonard, far right, a tool designer for 3 years, that they would become owners of the Milwaukee company Paper Machinery. (Photo11: Mike De Sisti, Milwaukee Journal Sentinel)
A growing number of employers are devising an innovative remedy for wage stagnation and income inequality: turning their workers into owners.
Last month, top Greek yogurt maker Chobani cast a national spotlight on the trend by announcing that the company's 2,000 full-time employees will receive shares worth up to 10% of the company's value when it goes public or is sold.
Yet the two most prominent ways to give workers significant stakes — employee stock ownership plans (ESOPs) and worker cooperatives — go quite a bit further, handing as much 100% of a company to its employees.
An ESOP, which is far more common, sets up a retirement trust for all full-time employees and contributes shares annually. On average, the trusts are granted 30% to 50% ownership, but four in 10 ESOPs own, or eventually will, 100% of the companies, according to the National Center for Employee Ownership (NCEO).
Although employees must wait until retirement age to draw the funds, ESOPs create far more wealth than 401(k) plans, with participants accumulating about three times the assets of employees in comparable companies, NCEO says. Plus, many companies with ESOPs also provide 401(k)s. This month, Paper Machinery of Milwaukee turned over the 65-year-old company to its 250 employees through an ESOP.
In the 2014 tax-filing year, the most recent available, about 6,300 ESOP plans covered about 14 million U.S. employees, up from 13 million in 2009, according to Labor Department figures compiled by NCEO. Loren Rodgers, NCEO's executive director, believes 2015 saw a significant pickup in ESOP formation, citing anecdotal evidence such as a 20% increase in attendance at the group's annual conference.
Largely driving the ESOP movement are the thousands of baby-boomer owners of private companies who are nearing retirement age and seeking a succession plan if their kids aren't interested in taking over the company.
“Taking your private stake to the coffin ain't going to do you any good,” says Michael Keeling, president of the ESOP Association. “You can sell to a competitor, sell to private equity, go public or liquidate and sell the hard assets.”
Transferring ownership to employees through an ESOP can preserve the company's culture, ensure it stays in the community, avoid layoffs and reward and incentivize employees, all while allowing owners to cash out, ESOP industry officials say. (Technically, the ESOP trust purchases shares through a loan that is secured and repaid by the company, though that cost is partly offset by tax benefits.)
Also motivating retiring owners is growing public angst about a wealth gap that has delivered outsized benefits to high earners and widened after the 2008 financial crisis, according to sociologist Sanjay Pinto, author of a recent report on worker-owned businesses for the Surdna Foundation.
And there are substantial tax advantages. Depending on how it's incorporated a company can defer capital gains taxes, or avoid all income taxes if it's 100% ESOP-owned, and deduct both principal and interest on the ESOP loan.
In summer 2014, Boston-based Harpoon Brewery formed an ESOP that owns 48% of the company, allowing co-founder Rich Doyle, 56, to cash out. The company, with 186 full-time employees, plans to shift to 100% ESOP ownership when co-founder Dan Kenary, 55, steps down.
“I really value independence, and I'm not driven to maximizing the dollars,” Kenary says. “I was excited about the opportunity to share this with our employees. And with all this talk about income inequality…. there has been way too much greed in our society.”
Aaron Moberger, 29, a Harpoon manager, says the ESOP offers the “potential to generate wealth and have a comfortable retirement but there's no guarantee — it's up to us” to grow the profits. “I think people (now) may take things into their hands a little more. You sort of look at things with a more detailed eye and think, ‘How can we tease the most efficiency out of this process?' ”
Companies on average grow sales, employment and productivity 2% to 3% faster each year after creating ESOPs, according to studies cited by NCEO.
Looming retirement isn't the only driver. Eureka Casino Resort, of Mesquite, Nev., converted to a 100%-owned ESOP last fall to ensure it retains its leadership team and can attract employees to a small town vulnerable to heavy resident outflows, says CEO Greg Lee, who owns the resort with his family and has no plans to step down.
Unlike ESOPs, worker cooperatives are typically employee-owned from the outset, created by workers or their advocacy groups. The U.S. has only about 350 worker cooperatives that employ about 5,000, but they've posted double-digit annual growth since 2010, estimates Amy Johnson co-executive director of the U.S. Federation of Worker Cooperatives.
Some employees laid off in the 2007 to 2009 recession formed cooperatives, and others have been emboldened by stagnant wages since, Johnson says. The movement, she says, has caught fire in low-wage sectors such as housecleaning and home healthcare, as well as fields such as solar panel installation, retail food and website design. Workers typically make an initial investment of a few hundred or few thousand dollars and receive an annual distribution of profits. They also typically have a voice in company decision-making directly or by voting for a board of directors.
“When you've been exploited, you know it,” Johnson says. “It gets frustrating” and workers figure, 'We're running everything. Why not start our own firm?' ”
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1TdoIZ6
Some of Melbourne's busiest bus routes will be cut back as much as 50 per cent next year so that other services can run more frequently in a big shake-up of bus services proposed by Public Transport Victoria.
Many suburban routes that cover long distances will be broken up into smaller runs in a bid to improve punctuality. Some passengers will win as services are boosted, but at the direct expense of other routes where waiting times will blow out.
Routes will also bypass some local streets, putting residents 700 metres or more from the nearest stop.
The network changes, which will affect buses in almost every part of Melbourne, have been devised by operator Transdev as part of its contract with the state.
Transdev and PTV released details of the proposal on Monday, two days after the election. They are seeking feedback at a series of public meetings this month.
This article is over 7 years old
Actor reported to have suffered shoulder injuries after hitting lamppost in Cambridgeshire with his McLaren F1 sports car
The actor Rowan Atkinson was taken to hospital after his car crashed, reports said.
The Blackadder and Mr Bean star is believed to have suffered a shoulder injury in the incident on the A605 in Haddon, Cambridgeshire, on Thursday night.
According to reports the 56-year-old was driving a McLaren F1 super car when it spun around several times, ran into a tree and a lamppost and caught fire.
The actor is said to have walked from the vehicle and was with a passing motorist until emergency services arrived.
East of England ambulance service said : "We were called to a single vehicle road traffic collision at 7.30 tonight on the A605 at Haddon."
A man was taken to hospital in Peterborough with "a minor shoulder injury", a spokesman added.
A spokeswoman for Cambridgeshire police said: "We can confirm that there was a single vehicle road traffic collision at around 7.30pm on the A605." Firefighters arrived on the scene to put out the blaze.
A spokesman for the star could not be reached for comment.
Atkinson, known to be a car enthusiast, recently topped the leader's board on Top Gear's star in a reasonably priced car segment.
He told presenter Jeremy Clarkson he was keen on racing and was currently driving a 1964 Ford Falcon.
I recently had a client ask me if I had seen this problem in Cisco Device manager: Device Manager was showing them 100% utilisation for CPU on one of their MDS9509s. I had a look at theand curiouslyshowed practically no CPU usage at all. I suggested a display problem and sure enough, Cisco confirmed it
CSCte81951 Symptom: The show system resources command shows high CPU usage even when there is not
much activity on the switch. In one instance, the CPU utility (user and kernel)
was always 100 percent. Conditions: You might see this symptom 248 days after the system came up
Curiously the Cisco tech support person stated that in fact a CP switchover every 497 days would prevent the issue reoccurring. This is curious because 248 days is close to half of 497 days. And 497 is ITs number of the beast.
The reason that 497 is a problem number is because of the use of a 32 bit counter to record uptime. If you record a tick for every 10 msec of uptime, then a 32-bit counter will overflow after approximately 497.1 days. This is because a 32 bit counter equates to 2^32, which can count 4,294,967,296 ticks. Because a tick is counted every 10 msec, we create 8,640,000 ticks per day (100*60*60*24). So after 497.102696 days, the counter will overflow. What happens next depends on good programming.
Some classic bugs can be found here, here, here and here. Most of these bugs are old and will almost certainly not affect anybody. But remain on notice: 497 day bugs are still possible. Just Google the search argument: 497.1 day bug.
Now let me be clear: I am not aware of any active disruptive, bring-down-your-business type 497 day bugs. The sky is not falling. But historically many vendors products have had 497 day bugs, some of them nasty. I ponder whether we should schedule a switch reboot every 496 days just to avoid the possibility of a 497 day bug. Its an interesting idea. I certainly endorse staggering initial switch reboots by at least an hour, so that a simultaneous 497 day reboot bug (should one be lurking), would not reboot every switch in every fabric at the same time. And in case your think I am picking on Cisco, when I looked at the client switch in question, it was showing a kernel uptime of 562 days, 23 hours, 35 minutes, 24 seconds. Thats some solid uptime.
Landmark legislation in Uruguay is set to make the country the first in the world to create a state-run marijuana industry — fixing the price at a point low enough to squeeze the black market and allowing the government to control cultivation and distribution. The bill has the backing of President José Mujica, who has dismissed charges that legalizing marijuana could lead people to try harder drugs.
"It's actually the opposite," he told CNN. "People seek crack and other more dangerous poisons when they have no access to marijuana." Whether the government becomes a major dealer may depend on the price and quality of the weed, which people would be allowed to grow for themselves.
Uruguay is the first country to announce plans to nationalize the pot business, but there are plenty of other places where you can smoke freely. Marijuana is not classified as a drug in North Korea, where smoking it is a popular way for soldiers and manual laborers to wind down after a long day. Possessing small amounts for personal use has been decriminalized in many European and South American countries, and the policies have been shown to have little impact on drug use. After Portugal eliminated criminal penalties for drug users in 2001, shifting resources from law enforcement to drug prevention and rehabilitation programs, a number of metrics (see infographic for details) pointed to the experiment's success.
Marijuana remains illegal at the federal level in the U.S., and President Obama does not support any changes to the law "at this point." His administration has already spent about $300 million targeting medical marijuana.
Infographic by Jan Diehm for The Huffington Post.
This story appears in Issue 68 of our weekly iPad magazine, Huffington, available Friday, Sept. 27 in the iTunes App store.
Remember the NoPhone? That's the Kickstarter-funded slab of plastic that is supposed to be a smartphone substitute for those who can't let go of their handset. The idea is that with the NoPhone in hand, and with no display to stare at, the smartphone addicted can enjoy real conversations at dinner, spend quality time with loved ones, and even enjoy their surroundings, all without suffering smartphone withdrawals.The NoPhone also can be used to fake out thieves who demand your smartphone, or as a gag gift for those who do have smartphones on their brain constantly. And that is where today's press release from NoPhone comes in. The company has announced that more than 2000 NoPhones have been sold for the holidays. The company adds that orders placed by December 7th, will arrive by December 25th.The NoPhone is priced at $12, and you can buy 5 for $55. There is even a "selfie" version priced at $18, which includes a mirror on the front of the unit. If you have a boy/girlfriend who pays more attention to their phone than to you, this is the perfect gift for this holiday season. The NoPhone measures 140 mm x 67 mm x 7.3 mm and weighs between 80 and 100 grams. In comparison, the Apple iPhone 6 measures 138.1mm x 67mm x 6.9 mm and weighs 129 grams.source: NoPhone
Let's Encrypt has now issued over 5 million certificates; it reached the goal on June 19. The Let's Encrypt project set out to help website owners more easily secure their sites with HTTPS, a protocol which allows users to connect to a site over a more secure connection, helping to mitigate man-in-the-middle (MITM) attacks.
Let's Encrypt left its beta phase on April 12, and by April 23 it had issued 2 million certificates. By May 9 it had issued 3 million certificates. On average, Let's Encrypt issues 50,000 certificates every day.
Their statistics on issued certificates by TLD (top-level domain) show that .com domains have pulled ahead as the most common domain type to use Let's Encrypt certificates. In the middle of May, .com domains were ahead of the 'other' category by just a few percentage points,, but now they have a 9% lead.
If Let's Encrypt carries on its current trajectory of around50,000 certificates issued per day, it should reach the next milestone, 10,000,000 issued certificates, sometime in September.
Source: Let's Encrypt
The San Antonio Spurs look unbeatable these days, both literally and figuratively. After steamrolling the no-longer-leading-the-East Indiana Pacers on the road on Monday, the Spurs have won 18 straight and put a stranglehold on the race for the NBA's best record. It's no small coincidence that the streak began on Feb. 26, the night Kawhi Leonard returned from a broken finger.
San Antonio is 50-9 when Leonard plays this season, a pace that translates to 69 wins over 82 games. Even that doesn't do justice to San Antonio's average margin of victory since Leonard returned: a whopping 16.6 points. Leonard's mere presence is part of the story, as he further solidified a rotation that was already functioning at a high level. But Leonard has provided more than presence; he's been one of the league's 20 best players since the All-Star break, and has posted a team-high 2.9 WARP during the streak.
Given Leonard's age (22) and terrific recent play, it's easy to mark him as a breakout candidate next season, in the way that Paul George has been for most of 2013-14. After all, Leonard merely needs to translate what he's been doing over a full campaign.
Is it really that straight forward? Almost without exception, looking at subsets of data is less reliable than looking at the larger sample. However, trends are to be found in those subsets. So it's fair to ask: Can we identify breakout candidates based on late-season improvement?
Joe Anderson (born 26 March 1982) is an English film actor and singer best known for his work in Across the Universe, Becoming Jane, Control, The Ruins, The Crazies, Horns and as Alistair in The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn – Part 2 (2012). He also starred as Asa Farrell in the WGN America drama series Outsiders.
Personal life [ edit ]
Anderson attended Richmond upon Thames College and later the Webber Douglas Academy of Dramatic Art in London. He has been acting professionally since childhood. His skills include photography, guitar and gymnastics. His father is actor Miles Anderson; his mother is talent agent Lesley Duff. He was diagnosed with dyslexia and attributes his move into acting to this.[1]
Career [ edit ]
Anderson has worked in film, television and on stage at the Chichester Festival Theatre. Earlier in his career he appeared in Copying Beethoven, playing Ludwig van Beethoven's nephew Karl. He then starred as Max Carrigan, a young American man, drafted into the Vietnam War in Across the Universe. After that, he appeared in period film Becoming Jane as Henry Austen, Jane Austen's older brother, then as bassist Peter Hook of the band Joy Division in Anton Corbijn's 2007 film Control. In 2008, he played Elliot in The 27 Club[2] and a German tourist in The Ruins. In 2009, he starred in High Life as Donnie and in Love Happens as the musician boyfriend of Jennifer Aniston's character. He was also seen in Amelia, the biopic of Amelia Earhart, and in Operation: Endgame[3] as the main character Fool. He appeared in the 2010's The Crazies,[4] a remake of the 1973 horror film of the same name.
He and his castmates from Control were featured in The Killers' music video for their version of the Joy Division song "Shadowplay".
In an interview with Pure Movies, he said that talking about himself made him "uncomfortable" and feel "self indulgent" and that he really struggled with it.[5]
In 2012, he starred as Lincoln Cole in the television series The River. Anderson co-starred alongside Dwayne Johnson in Hercules (2014).[6]
In December 2014, it was announced that Anderson would be replacing Michael Pitt in the role of Mason Verger in the third season of the TV series Hannibal.[7]
Awards [ edit ]
Anderson received the Rising Star Award at the California Independent Film Festival in 2008.[8] He was named Best Actor Drama at Fort Lauderdale International Film Festival 2008 for his performance in The 27 Club.[9]
Musical performances [ edit ]
Anderson appeared in some music related films in which he also performed musical pieces.
In Across the Universe, he sang covers of Beatles songs. The numbers he performed solo or with other cast members included "Hey Jude", "Happiness Is a Warm Gun", "With a Little Help from My Friends", "Strawberry Fields Forever", "Dear Prudence", "Because" and "I Want You (She's So Heavy)". All of these recordings were released on the corresponding soundtrack album.
In Control, as bassist Peter Hook of the group Joy Division, he and his cast mates performed "Transmission", "Leaders of Men" and "Candidate" among others.[10] These three performances were shown in their entirety in the special features under the extended performance scenes section of the DVD. "Transmission" was the only recording by the cast released on the soundtrack album.
In The 27 Club, Anderson played the bassist of a successful music duo called Finn. He and cast/bandmate James Forgey penned the theme song for the film.[11] A studio version and an acoustic version of the song were made available on the film's official website.
In Horns, Anderson played Terry Perrish, a famous trumpet player and brother of Ig Parrish, played by Daniel Radcliffe.[12] In the film, Anderson performs lead trumpet in a scene with the band The Brass Action.
Filmography [ edit ]
Film [ edit ]
Television [ edit ]
Year Title Role Notes 2005 Midsomer Murders Max "Mad" Ransom Episode: "Second Sight" 2005 Afterlife Phil Episode: "More Than Meets the Eye" 2012 The River Lincoln Cole 8 episodes 2014 The Divide Terry Kucik 8 episodes 2015 Hannibal Mason Verger 4 episodes 2016–2017 Outsiders Asa Farrell 14 episodes
Awards and nominations [ edit ]
Year Award Category Result Work 2008 Ft. Lauderdale International Film Festival Best Actor Drama Won The 27 Club 2011 Fangoria Chainsaw Awards Best Supporting Actor Nominated The Crazies
Description:
The Aqara smart windows door sensor can detect the opening and closing of door and windows and send a notification to your phone via the APP. With the ability of matching with other Xiaomi smart devices such as gateway remote control, smart bulb, air cleaner, etc. this sensor is able to help you create a smart home. The windows door sensor consists of a sensor subject and a magnet. It detects the opening and closing of door and windows by sensing the near and separation of the sensor subject and magnet.
Main Features:
• Original Aqara smart door and windows sensor for daily security
•ZigBee wireless connection
•Trigger and alarm: it will light and ring when someone opens the door, the light will automatically turn on when someone pushes the door
•Away from home mode: If someone broke into, the bell will ring and the IP camera ( not included ) will take video
•Intelligent sensors: open the window let fresh air into room
• Small size, easy to install
• Max. sensing distance: 22mm
• Working temperature: -10 - 50 Deg.C
• Working humidity: 0 - 95pct RH
• Built-in 1pc CR1632 cell battery
• Please download APP "Mi Home" from Apple Store or Google Play
Please Note:
This item must match the multifunctional gateway to use.
The Steelers got to work on the salary cap on Tuesday, as they cleared $6.56 million of salary cap space by renegotiating the contract of linebacker LaMarr Woodley.
Franchised by the Steelers prior to last year's lockout, Woodley signed a five-year extension worth $52.5 million on August. Woodley received a $13 million signing bonus, $4 million option bonus and a $1.1 million base salary which resulted in a 2011 cap number of $7.7 million. In 2012, Woodley was due a $3.4 million base salary and had a $5.5 million roster bonus due on the 5th day of the 2012 league year for a cap number of $11.5 million.
On Monday, Woodley agreed to a restructured that lowered his base salary to $700,000. The remaining $2.7 million in base salary was combined with his $5.5 million roster bonus and converted into an $8.2 million signing bonus, which will be prorated over the remaining five seasons of Woodley's contract.
Woodley's cap number in 2012 is now $4.94 million.
Woodley's base salaries in 2013-16 were unchanged, but $1.64 million was added to each year's cap number.
Even with the Woodley restructure, the Steelers are still well over a 2012 salary cap that is not expected to increase much, if at all. Quarterback Ben Roethlisberger, safety Troy Polamalu and linebackers James Harrison and Lawrence Timmons each have cap numbers in excess of $9 million and are potential restructure candidates.
A month before unveiling a major new search feature, Facebook changed its privacy policy to remove the ability to opt out of search results.
I noted this in my piece yesterday about the privacy implications of the new feature, Facebook Graph Search, but thought it worth highlighting further. Graph Search, which isn't yet widely available, allows users to search their Facebook network with queries like “restaurants my friends like in London” and “friends of my friends who are single and live in Hong Kong.” It's a major new initiative for Facebook that could provide new opportunities for advertising and bring more value to the data it stores about users.
But before launching Graph Search, Facebook last month pushed through changes to its privacy policy that will make it easier to implement the new feature. The new section, which went into effect on Dec. 11, 2012, reads:
When you hide things on your timeline, like posts or connections, it means those things will not appear on your timeline. But, remember, anyone in the audience of those posts or who can see a connection may still see it elsewhere, like on someone else's timeline or in search results. You can also delete or change the audience of content you post.
At the time of the change, Facebook product director Sam Lessin said “a single-digit percentage of users” had opted out of appearing in search results on Facebook. The site has more than a billion users, so 1% is 10 million people. The company didn't respond to inquiries today.
Though users can no longer opt out of search results entirely, Facebook still lets people control who has the ability to see specific updates about them in search and other parts of Facebook. Many users have found those privacy controls confusing, and another change implemented last month was intended to simplify the options.
The issue is hardly academic. Just last summer, the company settled with the US Federal Trade Commission for making changes to its privacy policy that the FTC deemed “deceptive.” The issue then was that information users had posted to Facebook was viewable to a growing array of people who weren't originally supposed to see it. Privacy advocates argued in December that removing the ability to opt out of search amounted to the same thing and violated Facebook's settlement with the FTC. I've contacted the FTC but haven't heard back yet.
“Many people posted stuff on their timelines that they did not expect to be publicly searchable,” Marc Rotenberg, executive director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center, told the Wall Street Journal. Sam Biddle of Gizmodo demonstrated this dynamic with Graph Search queries like “people who like hating when black people say things that you can't understand!” and “men who like shitting my pants,” which turned up plenty of results.
The FTC settlement mandates that Facebook submit to annual privacy audits for 20 years and pay $16,000 per day for any violations. It also requires Facebook to “obtain the user's affirmative express consent” when adding a feature that “materially exceeds the restrictions imposed by a user's privacy setting.” The changes to Facebook's privacy policy in December may have given Facebook clearance to debut Graph Search, although for now, at least, the company is also asking users to sign up for the feature.
Finding previous versions of Facebook's privacy policy is surprisingly difficult. The company doesn't allow services like the Internet Archive's Wayback Machine to “scrape” its privacy policy. I was able to find an archive of Facebook's previous privacy policy, before the Dec. 11, 2012, change, here, thanks to a project still in development by the Electronic Frontier Foundation. Here it is in a more readable form, and you can read Facebook's current privacy policy here.
Update (Jan. 18 at 11:00 a.m. ET): Thanks to Neil Kandalgaonkar, here's a better view of how Facebook's policies changed, including the company's own “redline” of the changes.
University of Technology Sydney professor was stopped at airport and faced daily questioning after meeting academics and human rights lawyers
The Sydney academic Professor Chongyi Feng has arrived back in Australia after being barred from leaving China, an ordeal he described as “one of life's little accidents”.
Feng had been questioned daily by Chinese authorities since he was first stopped at a Chinese airport more than a week ago. His lawyer told Reuters that Feng was informed on Saturday he was allowed to leave.
Arriving at Sydney airport on Sunday, Feng said it was “great” to be back after an ordeal that was “less than entertaining”. He “got bored” but hoped those questioning him got bored as well.
He told the ABC he would be getting back to work and would soon be returning to China. The terms of his release included non-disclosure of details about the conversations which covered “a whole range of topics”.
He believed international pressure assisted his release.
Earlier, before leaving China, Feng reportedly said in a video message: “Now it is over, I now have the chance to step out of the country, but I will return.”
Feng, a long-term Australian-based academic researching human rights at the University of Technology Sydney, had been in China with his wife, an Australian national, for about a month meeting academics and human rights lawyers.
His lawyer said Chinese authorities had cited “national security” when asked about why he was twice barred from leaving the southern city of Guangzhou on a flight to Australia.
“They want to know more about his research into human rights lawyers and he has been barred from leaving China on suspicion of harming national security,” Chen Jinxue told the Guardian last week.
Feng has written extensively on Chinese politics, government and human rights issues for several decades.
While Feng was not able to leave China, he was not in custody and remained at a hotel with his wife.
“The authorities wanted to talk to me at any time, so I just wait for the phone call, in the morning or the afternoon,” he told the ABC. “I actually could not go too far away but I could move around in the hotel.”
“The only worry now is they may punish those lawyers [who helped my case]. I did not do anything illegal and the lawyers only upheld their duty to the law of China.”
The Australian foreign affairs department said last week that it was only able to provide consular assistance to Australian citizens who arrived in China on their Australian passport. Feng is an Australian resident who has retained his Chinese passport.
The University of Technology Sydney told Guardian Australia it was pleased the matter had been resolved and that Feng was allowed to return to Australia.
“Our focus has always been on his personal wellbeing and that of his family,” a spokesman said.
“The university will continue to provide care, as his employer, to Dr Feng and his family in relation to his recent experience.”
The University of Massachusetts Boston announced that it will open an on-campus food pantry next week, in an effort to serve students who cannot ­afford to buy food.
The pantry is being launched by the college's Office of Urban and Off-Campus Support Services Program, which serves about 70 students. Nearly half of them are either homeless or on the verge of homelessness, said Shirley Fan-Chan, the program's director.
While only a small number have come forward saying they have trouble affording food, Fan-Chan said she believes the need is greater.
Advertisement
“I don't think this is something that is rare,” she said of poverty among college students. “It has been existing, and we haven't been talking about it.”
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Fan-Chan said the food pantry service is a first for UMass Boston and may be the first of its kind in Massachusetts. The service is important, she said, because students often work ­after class and are unable to visit food pantries during the day.
Her students often do not qualify for food stamps, Fan-Chan added, because they are still considered legally dependent on their parents. But many tell Fan-Chan that they have been living on their own since high school.
“It definitely breaks your heart because we are talking about students who have gotten so far,” she said. “We don't want them to fail.”
Patrick Day, vice chancellor for student affairs at UMass Boston, said that amid the broader discussion of hunger issues the college student population is often overlooked.
Advertisement
“We're anticipating the need [for food] because we know it's here, because we've heard about it anecdotally for so many years,” Day said.
He also said that this issue is not restricted to UMass Boston.
“This is not a phenomenon of any one university,” Day said. “This is everybody.”
Fan-Chan said that most of the donations are from UMass Boston faculty and staff, some of whom have sent e-mails saying that they experienced poverty when they were in college.
Faculty and staff “are saying that when I was a college student I lived in my car and ate whatever I can afford,” she said. “It has happened all along.”
Advertisement
In December, Fan-Chan's ­office ran a pilot program and distributed 20 “food bags” to students who were in need. “There has been a very good ­response,” she said. “And that's why we've decided to go full-scale.”
The college will hand out 100 food bags, with items such as tuna, pasta, and peanut butter. Students who have children or others in their household will be given more food, Fan-Chan said. The food is enough for one or two weeks worth of meals, she said.
Fan-Chan also said she is hopeful the program will reach out to other students who are unable to afford food.
“I think the support from the UMass Boston community is tremendous because they get it,” she said. “They understand that some of these students have been through a lot to get onto this higher education track, and they don't want them to fail. They want them to succeed.”
Katherine Landergan can be reached at klandergan@­globe.com.
The Violence That Black Trans Women Face
[content warning: transmisogynoir] Tiffany Edwards, 28 years old, is a Black trans woman who was shot to death in Ohio. Cemia “Ci Ci” Dove, 20 years old, is Black trans woman who was stabbed to death and her body was further brutalized in Ohio. Mia Henderson, 26 years old, is a Black trans woman who was killed and her body experienced “severe trauma” in Maryland. Brittany-Nicole Kidd-Stergis, 22 years old, is a Black trans woman who was shot to death in Ohio.
They are just a (recent) sampling of the young Black trans women who face astronomical rates (such that most homicides among LGBTQ people are of trans women of colour, particularly Black trans women) of violence and homicide because of anti-Blackness, racism, sexism, misogyny, misogynoir, colourism, classism/economic violence, for some, misogynoir specific to sex work, and transmisogyny in general. There are so many intersecting oppressions and one that is regularly eclipsed when violence on Black trans women is discussed is anti-Blackness itself, which alludes to the ways in which the socially acceptable hatred and oppression of Black women in general amplifies for Black trans women. Even in death, as anti-Blackness never allows death to be the final act for Black people, these women are misgendered and immediately associated with crime, versus their gender and humanity honored and their lives respected. Blackness alone, let alone their other intersecting oppressions guarantees that the latter is unlikely.
Whenever street harassment, domestic violence, sexual assault, police harassment, police brutality, extrajudicial violence/execution and State violence are discussed, Black trans women's experiences have to be included. Whether the violence is intraracial (re: what Laverne Cox explained about this, not as arbitrary Black pathology but inherently occurring because of the impact of anti-Blackness, White supremacy and more on gender for Black people), interracial (as some violence occurs to Black trans women just for existing, as with CeCe McDonald, while some is related to transmisogynoir and sex work), extrajudicial or State violence (such as the consistent willful violence from the police as in what Monica Jones experienced, healthcare and legal systems), Black trans women's experiences have to be included. (And there's much to be said about the impact of oppression on Black trans women and mental health since almost 50% Black trans people, in general, have attempted suicide.)
Information on violence against Black trans women and structural factors that contribute to this (some includes other LGBTQIA populations):
Devastating to regularly encounter these stories. This is also violence on Black people. Tiffany's, Cemia's, Mia's and Brittany's lives mattered. Black trans women matter.
Police are trying to piece together what exactly happened following the Manchester Arena bombing, with a number of children among the victims, at the end of a Ariana Grande concert. Chief Constable Ian Hopkins told a press briefing this morning a suicide bomber was behind the worst attack on the UK since the July 2007 bombings in London. It was carried out by one man carrying an improvised explosive device (IED), who also died on the scene, the police chief confirmed. MANCHESTER TERROR ATTACK: WHAT WE KNOW SO FAR
GETTY Police have reportedly recovered and identified the body of the suicide bomber from Manchester Arena
It was carried out by one man carrying an improvised explosive device Manchester terror attack
And now it has emerged the suicide bomber's body has been recovered and identified by British and US officials, according to news channel CNN. Prime Minister Theresa May confirmed UK officials believe they know who the suspect is, but no names have been released. The attacker was reportedly found with ID. Greater Manchester Police confirmed the blast, which happened just after 10.30pm outside the venue in a public area, is being treated as a terrorist incident. The attack left thousands of people fleeing in terror and left carnage inside the venue, with one witness claiming "bodies were everywhere". Families were heading for the exits of the concert at the famous venue when the attacker detonated his device.
Celebrities and politicians react to Manchester ‘terror attack' at Ariana Grande gig Tue, May 23, 2017 Celebrities and politicians have been tweeting their condolences for the victims of the sickening attack at the Manchester Arena Play slideshow 1 of 14
GETTY A man carries a young girl on his shoulders
Witnesses have described how they heard a huge blast and everyone "screaming" before they were told to "run". Concert-goers emerged from the venue covered in blood. One mother told how she smelt burning near the main foyer, where it is believed the attack took place. Terror experts warned that this was not a lone attack, but was planned and prepared.
GETTY Families are overcome with grief
Counter terror expert, Professor Hamed El-Sa'id, of Manchester Metropolitan University, claimed the attack had been planned for a while and the suspected bomber had purposely chosen a “soft target”. Speaking on Sky News, he said: “They knew exactly what they were doing. This didn't really happen overnight, they've been preparing for this for a while.
SKY NEWS Theresa May confirmed UK officials believe they know who the attacker was
Public Espresso, a local coffee roasting company that started selling its beans a year ago, is opening its own shop on Grant Street.
Public Espresso will aim at being an everyday hangout spot that happens to sell a world-class cup of coffee. The 40-seat room at 368 Grant St., near Potomac Avenue, aims to open before New Year's. They'll be serving coffee at “Peace, Love and Grant Street,” the Dec. 4 holiday shopping event, at any rate.
“That will be our flagship location, with roastery, espresso shop and slow bar coffee shop,” said owner Sam Scarcello, who is partners in the venture with Matt and James Rayburg.
If you don't recognize the term “slow bar,” you must not be a coffee nerd. Slow bars are places where your drip coffee is prepared while you watch. It can take five minutes, hence the term “slow.” Slow bars tend to draw people who think properly administered drip coffee is the best coffee, people who can talk about beans and terroir like wine lovers talk grapes and vineyards.
The shop will sell faster coffee as well. It will also sell coffee beans, roasted in small batches from the best beans Scarcello and his partners can find. Its labels contain a wealth of information on its contents – not just what country it's from, but the farm, processing method, and whether it is “Fair Trade,” generally meaning the farmers got paid a premium.
There will be some sort of food available, probably including BreadHive's baked goods, but that's not settled yet, said Scarcello. There will not be the usual pump bottles of flavored syrups.
The company started selling coffee in November 2013, at the winter market in the Horsefeathers building on Connecticut Street. It still does, Scarcello said.
Why did Public Espresso choose Grant Street?
“We knew it was an up-and-coming neighborhood,” Scarcello said. “The building meets all our needs, for a roaster and retail site. And while working Taste of Diversity festival this summer, the response from that community, and the wide array of people in that neighborhood, really sold us on wanting to be a part of that.”
Send your restaurant news to agalarneau@buffnews.com
FILE - In this Jan. 23, 2017 file photo, actor Mark Hamill poses for a portrait during the Sundance Film Festival in Park City, Utah. Hamill returns as Luke Skywalker in the upcoming "Star Wars: The Last Jedi," in theaters December 15. (Photo by Taylor Jewell/Invision/AP, File)
NEW YORK (AP) — When we last saw Mark Hamill in the “Star Wars” saga, he was a mysterious hooded figure on a jagged, remote island off the coast of Ireland.
“For a cameo that brief, boy did they make me work,” Hamill jokes.
But in “The Last Jedi,” which Disney will release Dec. 15, Hamill plays a much larger role. “Star Wars” will buzz again — 34 years later — with its original hero. Luke Skywalker is back.
In a recent interview with The Associated Press, Hamill spoke by phone from Malibu, California. “It's just the calm before the storm,” he said. “With something like this, it's almost too high-profile for comfort.”
Hamill, though, is a veteran. He's been living with the glare of “Star Wars” for a long time. “The movie had such an impact, you thought: Oh my gosh, I already know what the first line in my obituary is going to be,” he said. “Which is odd and eerie.”
Having briefly served as a copyboy at the AP's Los Angeles bureau while a college student, Hamill introduced himself as “a fellow AP employee.” Jedi masters, it turns out, hail from the most unexpected corners of the universe.
AP: Do you ever reflect on how much your life changed by a simple audition for a funny-sounding science-fiction adventure more than four decades ago?
Hamill: The thing is, they got it down to two sets of three: a Han, a Luke and a Leia. There were three other actors, and then Carrie, Harrison and myself. And there was never a mix or a match. You go with one team or another. It's just weird. I did a TV series called “The Texas Wheelers,” which I thought at the time was really groundbreaking. We got canceled so quickly, but if that had been a success, I wouldn't have been able to do “Star Wars.” Fate is a funny thing. Who knew?
AP: After all these years, how did it feel to be Luke again?
Hamill: A thing that felt maybe wrong about coming back was the fact that the original trilogy had a beginning, a middle and an end. But there are two ways of looking at that. On the one hand, it had closure. But if you look at it another way, it's the story of how Luke went from becoming a farm boy to a Jedi and then the story ends. It would be like telling the story of how James Bond got his license to kill and became 007, and the story ends.
AP: So you had some hesitation?
Hamill: When they asked me to come back, it was scary. I thought, “Gee, it was hard to catch lightning in a bottle the first time. I don't know if this is such a wise idea.” When we left, even if they were going to do a third trilogy, it wouldn't have anything to do with us. George (Lucas) never said you're going to do three more. He did mention maybe coming back and doing a cameo and handing Excalibur to the next young hope. This is back when we were doing the first one and I thought, “What is this supposed to be?”
AP: Did this feel like a different Luke to you? It sounds as though this is a darker version of the character that may be unfamiliar to fans and even to you.
Hamill: Absolutely. Luke changed, I think, more than the other characters in the original trilogy, from callow farm boy to a Jedi in training to finally a Jedi master. What you're talking about is what really fascinated me. Between “Return of the Jedi” and “Force Awakens,” there are just decades of history that's unknown. So I was wondering how they're going to handle all this. Now, obviously, with “Force Awakens,” J.J. (Abrams) had a full plate. It was inevitable that they would push me down the line. I was sorry I wasn't able to work with any of the original actors again. But it's not about us anymore. In this new one, I was saying to Rian Johnson: I need to know my backstory. It was kind of unclear. You read where he is now and what he's doing now and sort of have to fill in the blanks for yourself. So I did do a backstory myself. It's not about Luke anymore, so it's not really important. But I had to make sense of it for myself. What Rian came up with, I was stunned.
AP: Does it feel different to be putting out a “Star Wars” movie without Carrie Fisher, who died in December, and Harrison Ford, who exited with “Force Awakens”?
Hamill: It is different. She was irreplaceable. There can never be a proper reunion anymore. It's tragic. I hate that it adds an air of melancholy to the film because it doesn't deserve it. I know for a fact she would obviously want us to be having fun. She was all about laughter and enjoying the moment. We're all sort of having this communal period of grief. In a way, it sort of reflects the movies themselves, which were about triumphs and tragedies. They are about a family — a dysfunctional family, but a family nonetheless.
___
Follow AP Film Writer Jake Coyle on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/jakecoyleAP
Top 25 Selenium Interview Question & Answers
Seleniumlabs, Best Selenium Training in Bangalore shared 25 Interview question & answers.
1. What is Selenium?
Answer:
Selenium is a browser automation tool which lets you automated operations like – type, click, and selection from a drop down of a web page.
2. How is Selenium different from commercial browser automation tools?
Answer:
Selenium is a library which is available in a gamut of languages i.e. java, C#, python, ruby, php etc while most commercial tools are limited in their capabilities of being able to use just one language. More over many of those tools have their own proprietary language which is of little use outside the domain of those tools. Most commercial tools focus on record and replay while Selenium emphasis on using Selenium IDE (Selenium record and replay) tool only to get acquainted with Selenium working and then move on to more mature Selenium libraries like Remote control (Selenium 1.0) and Web Driver (Selenium 2.0).
Though most commercial tools have built in capabilities of test reporting, error recovery mechanisms and Selenium does not provide any such features by default. But given the rich set of languages available with Selenium is very easy to emulate such features.
3. What are the set of tools available with Selenium?
Answer:
Selenium has four set of tools – Selenium IDE, Selenium 1.0 (Selenium RC), Selenium 2.0 (WebDriver) and Selenium Grid. Selenium Core is another tool but since it is available as part of Selenium IDE as well as Selenium 1.0, it is not used in isolation.
4. Which Selenium Tool should I use?
Answer:
It entirely boils down to where you stand today in terms of using Selenium. If you are entirely new to Selenium then you should begin with Selenium IDE to learn Selenium location strategies and then move to Selenium 2 as it is the most stable Selenium library and future of Selenium. Use Selenium Grid when you want to distribute your test across multiple devices. If you are already using Selenium 1.0 than you should begin to migrate your test scripts to Selenium 2.0
5. What is Selenium IDE?
Answer:
Selenium IDE is a firefox plug-in which is (by and large) used to record and replay test is firefox browser. Selenium IDE can be used only with firefox browser.
6. Which language is used in Selenium IDE?
Answer:
Selenium IDE uses html sort of language called Selenese. Though other languages (java, c#, php etc) cannot be used with Selenium IDE, Selenium IDE lets you convert test in these languages so that they could be used with Selenium 1.0 or Selenium 2.0
7. What is Selenium 1.0?
Answer:
Selenium 1.0 or Selenium Remote Control (popularly known as Selenium RC) is library available in wide variety of languages. The primary reason of advent of Selenium RC was incapability of Selenium IDE to execute tests in browser other than Selenium IDE and the programmatical limitations of language Selenese used in Selenium IDE.
8. What is Selenium 2.0?
Answer:
Selenium 2.0 also known as WebDriver is the latest offering of Selenium. It provides
better API than Selenium 1.0
does not suffer from JavaScript security restriction which Selenium 1.0 does
supports more UI complicated UI operations like drag and drop
9. What are the element locators available with Selenium which could be used to locate elements on web page?
Answer:
There are mainly 4 locators used with Selenium –
html id
html name
XPath locator and
Css locators
10. What is Selenium Grid?
Answer:
Selenium grid lets you distribute your tests on multiple machines and all of them at the same time. Hence you can execute test on IE on Windows and Safari on Mac machine using the same test script (well, almost always). This greatly helps in reducing the time of test execution and provides quick feedback to stack holders.
Selenium IDE Questions
11. What are two modes of views in Selenium IDE?
Answer:
Selenium IDE can be opened either in side bar (View > Side bar > Selenium IDE) or as a pop up window (Tools > Selenium IDE). While using Selenium IDE in browser side bar it cannot record user operations in a pop up window opened by application.
12. Can I control the speed and pause test execution in Selenium IDE?
Answer:
Selenium IDE provides a slider with Slow and Fast pointers to control the speed of execution.
13. Where do I see the results of Test Execution in Selenium IDE?
Answer:
Result of test execution can be views in log window in Selenium IDE –
14. Where do I see the description of commands used in Selenium IDE?
Answer:
Commands of description can be seen in Reference section –
15. Can I build test suite using Selenium IDE?
Answer:
Yes, you can first record individual test cases and then group all of them in a test suite. Following this entire test suite could be executed instead of executing individual tests.
16. What verification points are available with Selenium?
Answer:
There are largely three type of verification points available with Selenium –
Check for page title
Check for certain text
Check for certain element (text box, drop down, table etc)
17. I see two types of check with Selenium – verification and assertion, what's the difference between tow?
Answer:
A verification check lets test execution continue even in the wake of failure with check, while assertion stops the test execution. Consider an example of checking text on page, you may like to use verification point and let test execution continue even if text is not present. But for a login page, you would like to add assertion for presence of text box login as it does not make sense continuing with test execution if login text box is not present.
18. I don't see check points added to my tests while using Selenium IDEL, how do I get them added to my tests?
Answer:
You need to use context menu to add check points to your Selenium IDE tests –
19. How do I edit tests in Selenium IDE?
Answer:
There are two ways to edit tests in Selenium IDE; one is the table view while other looking into the source code of recorded commands –
20. What is syntax of command used in Selenium?
Answer:
There are three entities associated with a command –
Name of Command
Element Locator (also known as Target)
Value (required when using echo, wait etc)
21. There are tons of Selenium Command, am I going to use all of them
Answer:
This entirely boils down to operations you are carrying out with Selenium. Though you would definitely be using following Selenium Commands more often –
Open: opens a web page.
click/clickAndWait: click on an element and waits for a new page to load.
Select: Selects a value from a drop down value.
verifyTitle/assertTitle: verifies/asserts page title.
verify/assert ElementPresent: verifies/asserts presence of element, in the page.
verify/assert TextPresent verifies/asserts expected text is somewhere on the page.
22. How do I use html id and name while using Selenium IDE
Answer:
Html id and name can be used as it is in selenium IDE. For example Google search box has name – “q” and id – “list-b” and they can be used as target in selenium IDE –
23. What is XPath? When would I have to use XPath in Selenium IDE?
Answer:
XPath is a way to navigate in xml document and this can be used to identify elements in a web page. You may have to use XPath when there is no name/id associated with element on page or only partial part of name/ide is constant.
Direct child is denoted with – /
Relative child is denoted with – //
Id, class, names can also be used with XPath –
//input[@name='q']
//input[@id='lst-ib']
//input[@class='lst']
If only part of id/name/class is constant than “contains” can be used as –
//input[contains(@id,'lst-ib')]
24. What is CSS location strategy in Selenium?
Answer:
CSS location strategy can be used with Selenium to locate elements, it works using cascade style sheet location methods in which –
Direct child is denoted with – (a space)
Relative child is denoted with – >
Id, class, names can also be used with XPath –
css=input[name='q']
css=input[id='lst-ib'] or input#lst-ib
css=input[class='lst'] or input.lst
If only part of id/name/class is constant than “contains” can be used as –
css=input[id*=' lst-ib ‘)]
Element location strategy using inner text
css = a:contains(‘log out')
25. There is id, name, XPath, CSS locator, which one should I use?
Answer:
If there are constant name/id available than they should be used instead of XPath and CSS locators. If not then css locators should be given preference as their evaluation is faster than XPath in most modern browsers.
More Questions (Coming Soon)
Above question & answers shared by our experienced trainer in Automation field. Seleniumlabs provides Selenium training in-class as well online training.
For more information about Selenium Training in Bangalore
Contact us: +91 9739216095
Email id: [email protected]
Monstercat is redefining the independent label while reshaping the global electronic music industry – and it's all taking place right here in Vancouver.
Operating in the heart of Railtown, just east of Gastown and in the very office that Hootsuite once called home, the tightly-knit small-but-growing team has over 3 million YouTube subscribers, over 1 million record sales, and eleven number one chart-toppers on iTunes. The label, which started as a YouTube channel in 2011, mostly focuses on singles, allowing artists freedom over their work. With three new tracks released on a weekly basis, Monstercat created a virtual community of fans – loyal fans of the artists, and of the label itself. And Monstercat has taken virtual into reality by introducing its label showcase and hitting the road for its first tour last year.
The story of Monstercat starts in Ontario, specifically the University of Waterloo, where founders Mike Darlington (CEO) and Ari Paunonen (COO) started a YouTube channel to share and promote music. Less than a year later, in the start of 2012, the two found themselves in Vancouver for meetings. While here, they visited Whistler, and – as the story goes – the rest is history.
As I continue to explore Vancouver's local music scene, I made my way to Monstercat's office one evening. After a tour of the space, the co-founders and I made our way to their sunshine-filled rooftop where I got to learn more about the Vancouver-based company that's changing the face of independent labels on a global scale.
How long has Monstercat called Vancouver home?
Mike: Since August 2013.
How do you think this city inspired/influenced Monstercat?
Mike: I think that where Vancouver's got the strength is in the lifestyle aspect. Running a record label and building a business is who you know, where you work and where the artists are. At the same time, I think what it comes down to at the end of the day is if you're not happy, then you can't be creative, you can't be comfortable, you can't be happy. That is one thing Vancouver does is the ability to have a really full lifestyle. I felt like when we were working in Waterloo or Toronto, it felt like it was all about work all the time. It didn't feel like a balanced lifestyle. Our team here, they go for hikes, they'll bike to work every day and happy to do so. There's just more things for people to do, and it keeps for a more clear head so that when you are here and you're trying to come up with new things, you're in a good state of mind. The move here for us was for inspiration and lifestyle.
Ari: It's also been really helpful for acquiring talent. Developers don't necessarily want to be in the valley, so it's been good for us too get those guys up here. People fall in love with Vancouver when they come here.
What do you think Monstercat's influence has been on the local and global electronic music scene?
Mike: Those are two very different questions. On a global level, Monstercat was one of the first labels to 1) be born from YouTube – where YouTube was a strong growth platform for our community. 2) Monstercat also showed people that you don't have to do things the traditional model of a record label. More than anything it was about building a community and a brand around the music. In the record label world, that is not usually done. It is all about the artist, the music, and the record label is very behind the scenes. Monstercat was one of the first to show that you can have people that are fans of the labels and of the brand. Since we've grown I've seen a lot of artist collectives, labels, and YouTube brands that have taken the same approach – you really build your own ecosystem that people can be a part of where they love the artist, they love the music, they love the brand, it brings everybody together. I think that was kind of an effect we had. On the local level, it's tough to say what our effect on the local level was. Vancouver had a strong electronic presence before we got here – Blueprint, Timbre Concerts, and Twisted have been here forever. The one thing we might have done is we've let people know that you can be an electronic music producer here in Vancouver, and you don't have to think that you have to move to LA, or Toronto, or New York to be successful. You can grow, build an audience, and be living here. That's really something I am hoping we are showing people.
So you've been here almost two years, what do you think of the music scene here in Vancouver?
Mike: I'd say that it definitely does a really good job, like in anytime of the week, there are three or four top tier artists coming through the city. But what sets Vancouver apart though, is that these people that are coming through the city are coming through but also experiencing the city. When artists come here, they are happy to come here. And I think it's still a growing city for electronic music. We're still early in it, while maybe in the East Coast it's been going on a little bit longer. But at the same time we have to credit B.C., and Vancouver, for developing the North American bass scene. We have Datzik, Excision, Downlink, so many of the biggest bass artists in the world came from B.C. and that really says something.
Monstercat's growth was quite organic, from YouTube to an independent label. How do you think Monstercat sort of redefined the “indie label”?
Ari: We did so many things differently at that point. We brought communities of people online together. Other record labels used to start off from artists that were already making it. We started by building digital audiences, Mike can speak to that. We have people coming together every Monday, Wednesday, Friday for the past four years. This has created a sustainable ecosystem where artists get paid. We are very transparent and this system is really working. Martin (Haywyre) is a great example of somebody who is now making music full-time because he has a dependable revenue stream from a label. He's starting to tour, and he's building from a very solid foundation.
Mike: We developed a very strong digital presence around the brand, where people knew the music could be found within the brand. In a lot of ways, people became fans of the brand. What a lot of independent labels try to do is they want to build and develop an artist as much as possible, and they want to go and try to sign a seven-figure deal for them where they get their kickback on the deal. For us its more about developing as an ecosystem with the people involved in it. So we all grow together. Everybody's success is relevant together.
You've worked with some international talent (Krewella) and local (Project 46), what's the criteria you look for in artists you choose to work with?
Mike: We are looking for artists that definitely fit within our sound – when we talk about our sound, it's fun, it's melodic, it's catchy. We're not trying to put out music that is crazy underground. We know we are making music that is accessible. We're also looking for artists that understand their brand and driven, and want to take this and make a career out of it. More important than anything though is we want people that will fit into our family mentality. We're not looking for those lone wolves that we can help build. You need to know that we are a team. It's tough because a lot of times we find artists that are incredibly talented, then they are all about themselves and don't really see the big picture. And if we don't like them as a person, why would we want to involve them into our little ecosystem?
Speaking of artists, you've recently released Haywyre's LP and he was your first official artist. He is not your typical electronic musician- how did you start working with him?
Mike: Jon (Jonathan Winter – Monstercat's A&R) and Ari were so stoked on the music and the potential. It was the first time I'd ever heard Ari say ‘I'm flying to go see one of our artists.'
Ari: I heard the music and I thought ‘we have to go, we have to do this.' Heard him play, we worked on a plan all day in a hotel room, had sticky notes on a white board and we really started planning the Two Fold album launch. And I think we've done a lot since then.
(Look out for our upcoming feature on Haywyre in the next few weeks)
The 22nd Compilation album “Monstercat 022- Contact” came out on June 1. The tagline for it is “Music connects us with one another. Bringing us closer to the world around.” What was the inspiration behind the latest comp?
Mike: Our compilations are a representation of the story of our company. If you go through the last 22 compilations, looking at the different album titles, each of them is a representation of where we are. So right now, we are at a point in time where we've now started developing artists, we've started doing live events, showcase events, and it's becoming more about actually meeting people, and putting on these shows – and it's bringing people together. The whole concept behind this was, we're at a point now where we just did two major showcase events: one with Seasons Vancouver (Blueprint), and one with SXSW. We have two more coming up at Paradiso and Digital Dreams. We wanted to showcase the fact that this is where we're at, we're putting on these parties and bringing people together. The album art is actually inspired by the village stage at Shambhala (Music Festival). We absolutely love what they do there.
And of course, besides the artists and comps, there is a podcast as well. Tell us a bit about the podcasts.
Ari: He (Daniel Scarcelli) was a friend of a friend and I had heard through the grapevine that he was a good DJ. He subsequently won this Red Bull Thre3style competition, then he submitted a mix on our mix competition. He actually didn't get selected and then we just kind of started working with him. That's how it all started. He started mixing all of our album mixes, then he started creating podcasts for us.
Mike: We are always top ten.
Ari: Then that subsequently turned into our Twitch FM live stream. That's a 24/7 radio channel. So he manages all that now.
So where does Monstercat go from here?
Mike: This is good timing for that question. Me and Ari had a conversation about this yesterday. I think there are a lot of elements that we still have a long way to improve on as a record label, and in developing artists. We have so much room to improve. But at the end of the day, I really don't think we will have longevity and success if we don't affect people's lives in a really strong way. And that goes beyond music we release. I want Monstercat to be a musical community, a place where people can come together, meet people, discover new music- take that micro ecosystem that we have now with our artists, and I want to expand that on a global level with fans as well. We've learned a lot of our fans come to Monstercat to be part of the community where they could meet new people, or they could feel welcome, they could feel comfortable. That's what I want to continue to build on a global level. I think that will give us longevity beyond dance music, or any genre. There's always room for community, and there's always room for music. Those two elements are everlasting.
Ari: Definitely. All we're doing here now, even with the showcase shows, taking all of these groups of people that exist online, giving them a place to communicate and to meet one another in the real world. And that's a big challenge for us. We have a varying fan base of ages- some can't go to shows. But they are all looking for that one thing. At that young age, you look for friends and uniting people through music- that used to be one of our album tag lines. We want to do it globally, all markets for us that we could be developing something different. We want to be different, not just that touring label that comes to town. But that's all being developed, and all the infrastructure that we're working on as a company now is going to fuel that engine. We're a long way off, but I think we can get there.
Since its release earlier this week, Monstercat 022: Contact is already the number one album on the iTunes Dance charts. Monstercat is growing and looking for local talent to join their family. Look out for the listings online in the upcoming weeks.
Photos by Brandon Artis Photography. Connect with Brandon on Instagram at @_brandonartis.
Wednesday on his radio show, talk show host Mark Levin dissected what he saw as the driving force behind GOP presidential front-runner Donald Trump's candidacy, which was described as “agrarian national populism” and said it was akin to Richard Nixon's candidacy in 1968, not Ronald Reagan's of 1980.
“You and I want to run 1980,” he said. “They want to run 1968. It's really not that more complicated. ‘Well, what do we have here – an evolution of conservatism. Ah, yes – agrarian national populism.' The pseudo-morons, phony intellectuals who write this stuff obvious don't know what they're talking about or they're very, very new to conservatism. They want to have an enormous impact. They think they're going to control events. They will learn otherwise. I don't pretend to control events. I just give you my opinion.”
Later in segment, Levin said it was his view that populism was in conflict with the Constitution.
“This is this populism thing,” he said. “It's not populism. It's pandering. And let me tell you something else – if you believe in our constitutional system and people say they do, the Constitution is not about populism. It's not about pluralism. It's about liberty. You cannot have a majority of people voting whether or not you have unalienable rights. You have unalienable rights no matter what anybody says. They belong to you. They're God-given natural rights and our Constitution recognizes that. Are we supposed to shred it? Are we supposed to give it up? Is that ideological purity, a phrase that everybody is throwing around now? No we want 1980, not 1968 – 1980, not 1968. We're not ideological purists. We're conservatives.”
Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor
Hi everyone!
This is a list I started doing a while back, initially by editing a comment I made here actually. I've already posted it a few days ago on /r/askfeminists so some of you may have already seen it. My initial reason was that I was very tired of all the “feminists hate/don't care about men” and wanted a resource where I, or other people, could easily show it didn't (at the very least it proves it doesn't do so on a whole). Upon further thinking there are quite a few articles that haven't been discussed in here, so if you find anything of particular interest that haven't been posted here already please do so. I used this sub for many links (thanks to everyone who shared them), but I think there's a lot of them that haven't been posted. Anyway, point being, share and use it or the links as much as you like!
I don't think this list do feminism as a whole justice as there's barely any mentions of all the great “side effects” of feminism, any LGBTQ issues/racism or intersectional issues in general (which admittedly the lack of used to be a huge problem within feminism and still is in large parts). It also doesn't bring up anything about how feminism has progressed the discussion about gender in academia, something which I suspect is very undervalued. If anyone knows more about this, I'd be happy to hear. In other words, it focuses on specifically men's issues that are (usually) not related to sexuality, race etc.
My intention with this post is not to claim that feminism bring up an equal amount of men's issues, it does focus on women and it's also fine doing so. The point is that the larger majority of the movement do care and that there is an expanding space within feminism that can and do talk about it. This sub is one place, even if I know there are also lots of great people here that do not identify as feminists. Solving men's issues help women and vice versa and my personal opinion is that it's most effective to do look at issues from both sides. The more people work together the better.
If you have any good articles I've missed please post them in the comments, it'd be great to include them :).
Disclaimer: I have not proof read all articles, if you find any serious problems with any of them, please say so.
Some general articles on how feminism helped men/feminism and men:
Gender roles/broad issues:
Gloria Steinem: "Men are as dehumanised by the masculine role forced upon them as women are by the feminine role. We need to raise our sons more like our daughters, so we do not cut off empathy." Source
Reawyn Connell and a lot of her work: http://www.raewynconnell.net/p/masculinities_20.html
http://therepresentationproject.org/ has made a documentary on male gender roles: https://youtube.com/watch?v=hc45-ptHMxo (trailer)
http://mankindproject.org/mankind-project-history The founder who came up with the idea is a feminist, the whole organization is described as a pro-feminist one.
How sexism hurts men: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iwQBlNVqL-E
Men and body image: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JR1bjhyh8OM
http://amptoons.com/blog/?p=7645 - Moving towards equality, but in the wrong direction
http://amptoons.com/blog/?p=7279 - The Dos and Donts of Dick Jokes, or What Feminist Critics Got Right
Rape/sexual assault:
Sub organization of NOW advocated for changing the definition of rape to include men in the 1970s, not sucessful in all states: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anti-rape_movement#Changes_in_law
http://www.justdetention.org/en/staff.aspx , the largest organisation for ending prison rape. Fought for the Prison Rape Elimination Act of 2003 (among other feminists), the head of the organization is a feminist
itsonus.org/ - campaign against sexual assault. A poster from said campaign supporting male victims. It's a feminist supported campaign where rainn had a large role: https://rainn.org/news-room/White-House-Launches-Its-On-Us . The campaign did focus largely on women, but has made efforts to include men.
The Liberal peoples party in Sweden which advocate for liberal feminism introduces the first emergency center for men: http://www.thelocal.se/20150617/sweden-announces-first-centre-for-raped-men . The feminist organization RFSU made the study mentioned which critizes that male victims got limited resources.
Male rape is a feminist issue: http://books.google.no/books?id=ISnFAgAAQBAJ&printsec=frontcover&dq=9781137035103&hl=en#v=onepage&q&f=false
A Feminist Critique of the Strict Liability Standard for Determining Child Support in Cases of Male Victims of Rape: http://scholarship.law.upenn.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=3201&context=penn_law_review
http://amptoons.com/blog/?p=2997 - Open Thread For Male Survivors Of Sexual Violence
Domestic violence:
http://miamistudent.net/?p=17013964 (good article but uses outdated statistics)
Other forms of violence:
amptoons.com/blog/?p=6896 - Police murders of men of color are a feminist issue
The leader of the Swedish feminist party on how male violence hurts both women and themselves: http://feministisktinitiativ.se/befria-manligheten-fran-valdsmonopolet/
Sentencing disparity:
http://www.amptoons.com/blog/?p=18861 - Study Shows Enormous Sentencing Discrepancy Against Men
Circumcision:
Swedish feminist party oppose circumsition (I know the article talks about FGM, but I think it's a clear indicator what they'd vote for as a political party).
Custody *:
http://amptoons.com/blog/?p=14155 - California's “Alternative Custody Program” Is Sexist Against Men
http://amptoons.com/blog/?p=13527 - Supreme Court, In A 4-4 Vote, Affirms Sexist Discrimination Against Fathers
* This is disputed by various feminists if this is an actual issue or how big it is: 1, 2
Selective service/Draft:
Feminists opposed it during WW1: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conscription_in_the_United_States#Opposition
NOW opposes the draft and wants to include women: http://now.org/about/history/highlights/ . You can find the full statement here
Swedish feminist party oppose reinstating the draft in Sweden: http://www.svd.se/guide-sa-tycker-partierna-om-forsvaret
Suicide/mental health
Registered charity lead by feminist Jane Powell which exists to prevent male suicide in the UK: https://www.thecalmzone.net/about-calm/what-is-calm/ . They've also created and supports http://www.yearofthemale.com/
Paternity leave:
http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/may/28/swedish-fathers-paid-paternity-parental-leave (the Swedish ruling government calls themselves feminist, the official feminist party wants to have a 50/50 split on paternity leave)
Education:
Feminist or pro-feminist subs for men existing on reddit:
Theresa May once pledged to “fight to stop the third runway” at Heathrow and warned it would have a “detrimental” impact on her constituents, it can be revealed.
Newsletters from Mrs May to local voters uncovered by The Sunday Telegraph show she warned Heathrow expansion would “increase noise and pollution”.
It has also emerged that she lobbied the independent airports commissioner while Home Secretary over concerns about the impact of expansion on the environment.
The revelations come just days before Mrs May is expected to proclaim support for a third runway at Heathrow and will cause embarrassment.
They will leave her open to the same claims of backtracking on earlier promises as David Cameron, who was criticised for ditching his “no ifs, no buts” promise to oppose a new runway.
