Microsoft has moved to clarify the impact of its decision to unlock the power of the Xbox One's graphics processing unit previously reserved for Kinect.
When Xbox One launched, 10 per cent of the console's GPU was reserved for use with the Kinect sensor. But this month Microsoft began selling the Xbox One without Kinect for a reduced price, and to coincide with that unlocked the 10 per cent reserve for developers to use as they see fit.
Some thought this meant that Kinect users would not be able to use some of its features, such as voice control and game capture, but Xbox executives Eurogamer spoke with at E3 last week denied this was the case.
"Lots of people ask, 'so, you're taking back the GPU reserve for Kinect. Well, does that mean I can't say, 'Xbox, record that?' No. You can always say that," Microsoft Studios creative director Ken Lobb told Eurogamer.
What Microsoft has done is created a flexible system where, according to Lobb, the Xbox One's GPU and RAM "can bounce".
"So if someone says, 'Xbox record that,' it will work on 100 per cent of the games, if you have a Kinect."
If you don't have a Kinect, "it's not like you have more RAM," Lobb clarified.
Microsoft has optimised the Xbox One's background operating system to support "flipping back and forth". It listens to the player sometimes, "and then pulling back if it's needed for a frame to go, he said, 'record that,' go record this thing.
"And you have to count for that whether you're using Kinect or not. But you get the full memory and the full bandwidth."
It's worth noting that if a developer creates a Kinect-free game, gesture controls and visual recognition features are suspended while the game is running. As soon as you minimise the game, however, all of the Kinect functionality returns.
How games use the extra horsepower will be up to developers, Lobb added. One, Bungie, has already been able to increase the resolution and frame-rate of its game, Destiny, on Xbox One, to hit 1080p30 - matching the PlayStation 4 version.
Other developers, however, might use it differently.
"You have more GPU, so go ahead and use it how you want," Lobb said. "It's more GPU plus more bandwidth to the GPU, so they both matter. So for some games it might be resolution, it might be frame-rate, or it might be, let's throw in more enemies."
The performance enhancements Microsoft has triggered in the Xbox One are all a part of "our platform improvement", Microsoft Studios Europe boss Phil Harrison told Eurogamer.
"The libraries developers get at the beginning of the life of a platform are radically different to the ones they will get five, eight and 10 years later," he said.
"Our job as a platform is to make sure we give fans the features that make their gaming experience better, and to give developers the tools to make the most of our chipset. We have to do both of those in balance."
This new set of libraries are available to developers right now, Harrison said. As mentioned, Destiny is already making use of it. But Harrison expects other games due out in time for Christmas will also benefit.
"Many developers will use that performance benefit to enhance and improve the graphical look or resolution or frame-rate of a game. We've already seen news that Bungie will increase the graphics performance of Destiny. And as other developers get their hands on the libraries in the next days and weeks, that will become tangible and impactful in games that ship this holiday."
Lobb added that he thought the decision to sell Xbox One without Kinect was "super smart", but he remains a big fan of the sensor.
"So, I love Kinect," he said. "To me, it's not the thousand things it does. I record s*** all the time and I say, 'Xbox, on.' So for me, those two things, the hundred bucks doesn't matter for me. For a lot of people it does. And so we've got to give you an option to pick. Do you want to say, 'Xbox, on?' Do you want to say, 'Xbox, record that?' Do you want to dance? No? Then you don't need the device. I think that's super smart."
Lobb pointed to the fact that Microsoft is making significant updates to the Xbox One on a monthly basis - a much faster rate than the company achieved with the console's predecessor, the Xbox 360.
"For me the best thing about what's happening with Xbox, which was in the original plan but we didn't talk about it much, was that we had a monolithic OS [on 360], and now we have an apps OS [on One].
"So what we had was, you updated once a year. We kind of do half updates every year, but we really had a big OS update once a year Now we have it every month. To me that's the best thing about Xbox One.
"Everything else is, that's awesome, I love the games. I just ran out of space, then, now I can plug in a three terabyte drive. Done. It's like, wow, I'm back to 10 per cent. Shopping! We're adding stuff that we haven't talked about. We know what July is. We know what August is. We know what September is. That's the thing I'm most excited about about Xbox, because it's not just the user-facing side of the OS. It's the developer-facing side."
Warning: This footage contains scenes that some people may find disturbing.
An investigation is underway into the death of an unarmed black man, who was shot by a Tennessee police officer.
The entire incident was shown live on Facebook.
Rodney James Hess was surrounded in Crocket County and asked to speak to "the higher commands," when two shots were fired through his windscreen before screams of pain ring out.
His family says the officer was unprovoked, but police maintain Mr Hess tried to strike them with his car twice before the live-stream began on Thursday.
Fiancée Johnisha Provost watched the stream from home and says her partner, who is bipolar, struggled in the moment.
"He couldn't get his mind together. That's why he asked for a higher command," she said.
"I always told him, 'Babe, if you are ever in a situation where you need help, ask the person in charge for the higher command to help you,' and that's what he kept saying," she told CNN.
Footage from the officer's dash and body cams have also been obtained to review and the District Attorney will determine whether the officer's behaviour was justified.
Newshub.
Nearly five months after a United Nations agency pledged to investigate rockets found on its premises during this summer's Gaza war, no such inquiry has taken place.
While other UN institutions have rolled out commissions of inquiry into Operation Protective Edge, the UN Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East, known as UNRWA, has yet to launch the promised probe to examine the circumstances of three separate instances in which rockets having been placed in schools it operates.
How these weapons got into the schools and what happened to them afterwards remains somewhat unclear. UNRWA says it returned the rockets to “the local authorities,” which Israeli officials charge means they found their way back to Hamas and might have been fired at Israeli civilians.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
On Monday, UN Secretary Ban Ki-moon launched an “internal and independent” inquiry into incidents that involved UN premises during Operation Protective Edge, including the shelling by Israeli forces of UNRWA schools and the rockets found there.
The creation of Ban's probe, led by retired Dutch general Patrick Cammaert, was first announced less than three weeks ago, during Ban's remarks to a UN Security Council briefing on the “Situation in the Middle East.” During his speech, he said he looked forward to Israel's own investigation into several incidents “in which UN facilities sustained hits and many innocent people were killed.”
A spokesperson for Ban said that he hopes the probe “will enjoy the full cooperation of all parties concerned,” yet Israel has yet to decide whether it will work with Cammaert and his co-investigators, Maria Vicien-Milburn (from Argentina), Lee O'Brien (United States), Pierre Lemelin (Canada) and K.C. Reddy (India).
“Israel will conduct its dialogue over the commission of inquiry, including allegations of support for terrorism by UNRWA employees, through diplomatic channels,” Foreign Ministry spokesman Emmanuel Nahshon said Tuesday.
According to UNRWA, at least half a dozen UNRWA schools “were hit directly by shelling or affected by rocket fire,” causing “serious loss of life” and injuries.
“We condemned such military actions by Israel explicitly and unreservedly,” Commissioner-General Pierre Krähenbühl said back in August, referring to episodes of heavy fighting in Beit Hanoun, Jabalia and Rafah, during which UNRWA institutions came under fire. “We cannot comprehend why they occurred, and even less why they happened so repeatedly. We have asked for investigations to be carried out and for accountability.”
The Israel Defense Forces in September launched criminal investigations into five incidents that occurred during the 50-day war, including a July 24 strike on an UNRWA school in northern Gaza.
On July 23, the UN Human Rights Council voted in favor of the establishment of a new “international commission of inquiry” into the Gaza war. Less than a month later, on August 11, the council announced the launch of the probe, headed by Canadian human rights lawyer William Schabas.
Israel immediately declared it would not cooperate with the investigators. “This investigation by a kangaroo court is a foregone conclusion,” Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said at the time. On October 1, Netanyahu complained to Ban during a meeting in New York that the Human Rights Council was not focusing its inquiry on Hamas, “which used UN facilities in order to fire at Israel, and asserted that Israel would struggle against this.”
In stark contrast to the Human Rights Council and the secretary-general, UNRWA has yet to make good on its promise to investigate how rockets could have been stored at its schools in Gaza.
After about 20 rockets were discovered “hidden in a vacant school” in Gaza on July 17, UNRWA condemned “the group or groups responsible for placing the weapons in one of its installations.”
In a statement, the agency said the incident was the first of its kind and “a flagrant violation of the inviolability of its premises under international law.” It also stated that “UNRWA has launched a comprehensive investigation into the circumstances surrounding this incident.”
Less than a week later, on July 22, rockets were again found at a vacant UNRWA school in the coastal enclave. The agency published a similar press release, vowing that it “will launch a comprehensive investigation into the circumstances surrounding this incident.”
Another week later, on July 29, a third cache of rockets was discovered at an UNRWA school in central Gaza. The organization again condemned the incident, calling on “the warring parties to respect the inviolability of UN property.” This time, UNRWA did not promise an investigation.
What happened to the rockets after they were found is a matter of dispute.
“The rockets were passed on to the government authorities in Gaza, which is Hamas. In other words, UNRWA handed to Hamas rockets that could well be shot at Israel,” a senior Israeli official told The Times of Israel in July.
UNRWA said the rockets were transferred to “local authorities” operating under “the government of national consensus.” Israel has no evidence for its claims, the agency said, insisting that the bomb disposal experts who removed the rockets do not answer to Hamas but to the Palestinian unity government (which includes no Hamas officials but is backed by the Islamist group).
“According to longstanding UN practice in UN humanitarian operations worldwide, incidents involving unexploded ordnance that could endanger beneficiaries and staff are referred to the local authorities,” UNRWA's director of advocacy and strategic communications, Christopher Gunness, told The Times of Israel at the time.
Since then, however, Gunness has been refusing to respond to Times of Israel queries regarding the matter, specifically about the makeup of the inquiry UNRWA promised to establish. Asked several times who are conducting the investigation and whether UNRWA intends on publishing the results, he simply referred to the agency's website, which provides no information whatsoever on the promised probe.
After this reporter turned to other UNRWA officials in the search for information about the inquiry, Gunness instructed all other UNRWA and UN spokespersons to ignore these queries and refer them to him.
It should be noted, however, that UNRWA does not seek to cover up the fact that rockets were found on its premises. Commissioner-General Krähenbühl, the agency's senior-most official, has mentioned them at least twice in public appearances.
He referred to them as “another challenge in our operational field,” in a briefing to the Security Council on July 31. “UNRWA is now working with UN partners to improve procedures to address such violations, in a manner that does not compromise the safety of staff or civilians, including UNRWA beneficiaries.”
Addressing the UN General Assembly on August 7, Krähenbühl again mentioned discoveries of rockets in his schools. “The world knows about these,” he said, “because UNRWA inspections work and because we swiftly informed everyone on the ground and in the world through our clear and deliberate public communications and condemnations of these abuses of the sanctity of UNRWA premises.”
It's a sign of the Vashta Nerada, which are basically invisible air/forest piranhas. They live in the shadows. They live in the shadows. They live in the shadows. They live in the shadows. The shadows…
Hey! :D Check out this awesome Doctor Who and Converse mash-up by RanDoom! Tee and zoodie design inspired by David Tennant's Converse sneakers :D ALLONS-Y! All Wibbly Wobbley!^^ Awesome and one-of-a-kind limited edition 100% Cotton tees with high quality screen printed design only £7.49 / €8.99 / $10.95 ! Worldwide Shipping! Use your exclusive voucher code: WO88L3Y for 10% discount and save up to €8 if you combine tee and zoodie! Only on www.TeeBusters.com - available until 12GMT 31st July! GERONIMO!
Anonymous said: Anonymous said:
Hi, I am a recent convert to the fantastic galaxies of Doctor Who, and I'm utterly obsessed. Something that has been irksome lately is that I'm incredibly sick of my phone's text alert, and I really want it to make TARDIS noises when it rings. The last time I gave my number to a website, my whole family had to deal with spam messages for months. I was just wondering if you knew a good place to get that ringtone. Thanks!
Back when I had my older model phone (not a smartphone) I used this site here. You have to sign up to make an account, but I never got any spam messages. Just search for ‘TARDIS' and a bunch of options should pop up.
For an iPhone, you can just download the tone file here and upload it to iTunes. Ditto for the search.
2015 studio album by Max Richter
Sleep is an album by composer Max Richter. Released on September 4, 2015 on Deutsche Grammophon, as a digital download,[3] and on December 11, 2015 as an 8-CD/1-Blu-ray set.[4], the album serves as a concept album based around the neuroscience of sleep,[5] hence its length of over eight hours.
Sleep was accompanied by simultaneous release of the one-hour-long album, From Sleep,[6] with seven additional tracks (different variations of tracks from the main album), and later by the remix album Sleep Remixes.[7]
As of April 2017 Sleep has sold over 100,000 copies. [8]
Background [ edit ]
In 2015, Max Richter released his most ambitious project to date, Sleep, an 8.5 hour listening experience targeted to fit a full night's rest. The album itself contains 31 compositions, most of them reaching 20-30 minutes in duration, all based around variations of 4-5 themes. The music is calm, slow, mellow and composed for Piano, Cello, 2 Violas, 2 Violins, Organ, Soprano vocals, Synthesisers and Electronics. As the album's liner notes, Strings are played by the American Contemporary Music Ensemble (Ben Russell, Yuki Numata Resnik, Caleb Burhans, Clarice Jensen and Brian Snow), Vocals are provided by Grace Davidson and the Piano, Synthesisers and Electronics are played by Richter himself.
According to Richter, as described in the album's credits, Sleep is "an eight-hour lullaby", "a piece that is meant to be listened to at night ... structured as a large set of variations."
Richter conferred with American neuroscientist David Eagleman while working on the album's piece to learn about how the brain functions during sleep. Richter stated, "Sleeping is one of the most important things we all do ... We spend a third of our lives asleep and it's always been one of my favourite things, ever since I was a child. ... For me, Sleep is an attempt to see how that space when your conscious mind is on holiday can be a place for music to live."[9]
From Sleep [ edit ]
The release of Sleep was accompanied by a one-hour album, From Sleep, with seven additional tracks, not present on the eight-hour release, recorded during the same sessions.
From Sleep was promoted by music videos for three tracks: "Dream 13 (Minus Even)," [10] "Path 5 (Delta)" [11] and "Dream 3 (In the Midst of My Life)." [12] Additionally, remixed versions of the three tracks, by Mogwai, Clark, Digitonal, Jürgen Müller, Kaitlyn Aurelia and Marconi Union, have been featured on a subsequent remix album Sleep Remixes, released digitally on February 19, 2016.[7]
Live performance [ edit ]
The album was performed in its entirety as one compositional piece at the Reading Room at Wellcome Collection in London, England, on September 27, 2015 from midnight to 8:00 AM as the climax of the BBC Radio 3 "Science and Music" weekend.[13].
The performance broke several records, including the longest live broadcast of a single piece of music in BBC Radio 3's station's history.[14] The performance also set Guinness World Records for longest broadcast of a single piece of music and longest live broadcast of a single piece of music.[9]
Instead of chairs to sit in and watch the performance, audience members were given beds to sleep in.[9]
Richter played piano, keyboards, and electronics, and was joined by Grace Davidson (soprano), Reiad Chibah (viola), Natalia Bonner and Steve Morris (violins), and Ian Burdge and Chris Worsey (cellos).[9]
The album was also performed in its entirety at the Philharmonie de Paris, France, on November 18, 2017 from midnight to 8:00 AM[15].
Sleep was performed for its first outdoor performance and largest performance to-date in Los Angeles, CA on July 27-28th and July 28-29th, 2018, starting shortly after 10:30pm. It was performed in Grand Park, across from the Los Angeles Music Center. Each performance had 560 beds and was timed so the final movement, "Dream 0 (till break of day)" would occur at dawn. Richter played along with members of the American Contemporary Music Ensemble, Clarice Jensen (cello), Ben Russell, Andrew Tholl (violin), Isabel Hagen (viola), Emily Brausa (cello), and Grace Davidson (soprano). [16][17][18]
Critical reception [ edit ]
Sleep received wide acclaim from contemporary music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 79, based on 7 reviews, which indicates "generally favorable reviews".[19]
Jon Falcone gave the album a very positive review, stating, "Sleep implores you for companionship and bleeds into itself as it bleeds into the listener. Typing while the fizz of ‘Never Fade Into Nothingness' plays makes transforms Word documents in an epic dance of black pixels on white light, binary marks scratching into a too-bright glassy reflection. Walking while the echo-drenched monastic vocals of ‘Non-Eternal' exposes that the world we occupy is haunted is exhilarating and avoiding awkward work colleagues as ‘If You Came This Way' patters out its motif, that dangles held violin notes over electronic burbles, is to experience the sound of solace itself."[21]
Grayson Haver Currin of Pitchfork Media gave the album a positive review, stating, "At its best, Sleep feels like compositionally rigorous new age music. It's a place in which you can settle for a while, with or without a pillow, and emerge only when you are ready to rejoin the restive world."[2] However, Currin was also slightly critical of the release, stating, "Sleep, then, is simply too didactic as a name. It's a command that tells us how to enjoy something that clearly has other uses. That handle, combined with Richter's conceit, has turned the record into a kind of clickbait story, too, which seems entirely antithetical to Richter's point."[2]
Track listing [ edit ]
All tracks written by Max Richter.
No. Title Length 1. "Dream 1 (before the wind blows it all away)" 18:31 2. "Cumulonimbus" 10:09 3. "Dream 2 (entropy)" 10:02 4. "Path (7676)" 11:00 5. "whose name is written on water" 11:15 6. "Patterns (cypher)" 2:47 7. "Solo" 6:53 8. "Aria 1" 11:06 9. "Return 2 (song)" 16:46 10. "nor earth, nor boundless sea" 19:17 11. "Dream 11 (whisper music)" 18:54 12. "moth-like stars" 28:53 13. "Path 17 (before the ending of daylight)" 26:52 14. "Space 26 (epicardium)" 6:56 15. "Patterns (lux)" 16:43 16. "Constellation 1" 6:56 17. "Constellation 2" 15:20 18. "Space 2 (slow waves)" 7:42 19. "Chorale/glow" 25:29 20. "Dream 19 (pulse)" 18:53 21. "Cassiopeia" 19:36 22. "Non-eternal" 23:50 23. "Song/echo" 4:59 24. "Aria 2" 11:02 25. "never fade into nothingness" 9:41 26. "Return 16 (time capsule)" 24:25 27. "if you came this way" 14:29 28. "Space 17 (chains)" 17:59 29. "Sublunar" 25:22 30. "Dream 17 (Alpha)" 28:47 31. "Dream 0 (till break of day)" 33:47 Total length: 504:21
The digital release treats the above as one single piece, segueing between each track. On CD, the last songs on each disc, "whose name is written on water", "Dream 11 (whisper music)", "Patterns (lux)", "Chorale/glow", "Song/echo" "if you came this way" and "Sublunar", are lightly extended in order to account for the physical limitations of the medium; these pieces are extended by up to 30 seconds to account for the lack of transitions into the next track.
From Sleep [ edit ]
No. Title Length 1. "Dream 3 (In The Midst Of My Life)" 10:04 2. "Path 5 (Delta)" 11:14 3. "Space 11 (Invisible Pages Over)" 5:16 4. "Dream 13 (Minus Even)" 8:53 5. "Space 21 (Petrichor)" 4:48 6. "Path 19 (Yet Frailest)" 7:51 7. "Dream 8 (Late And Soon)" 11:53 Total length: 59:59
Rough Trade Shops Special Edition CD2
No. Title Length 1. "Selene" 11:39 2. "Diffraction Sequence" 4:21 3. "Origins (ursa major)" 16:02 Total length: 32:02
Personnel [ edit ]
Main personnel
Max Richter – composer, electronics, liner notes, mixing, organ, piano, primary artist, producer, quotation author, synthesizer
American Contemporary Music Ensemble – strings (ensemble)
Grace Davidson – vocals (soprano)
Brian Snow – cello
Clarice Jensen – cello
Caleb Burhans – viola
Ben Russell – violin
Yuki Numata Resnick – violin
Additional personnel
Christian Badzura – project manager
Tom Bailey – assistant engineer
Tim Cooper – liner notes
Rupert Coulson – engineer, mixing
David Eagleman – liner notes
Merle Kersten – art direction
Yulia Mahr – executive producer
Mandy Parnell – mastering
Anna-Lena Rodewald – project manager
Mike Terry – photography
Alejandro Venguer – engineer
Mareike Walter – design
Charts [ edit ]
Sleep
From Sleep (one-hour version)
In 2006, Kalki Subramaniam wrote and published her first blog post, probably the first by a transgender woman in India. Within days, her autobiographical post on life as a transgender person in India got hundreds of comments.
A participant holds a rainbow coloured placard during Delhi Queer Pride Parade, an event promoting gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender rights, in New Delhi November 30, 2014. REUTERS/Adnan Abidi/Files
“I was unsure about blogging. Back then, not many people had taken it up,” said the Chennai-based transgender activist.
“But positive reactions made me realise that it was a great platform to tell my side of the story, garner support, bust myths about transgender community and also form alliances. It also gave me confidence.”
Kalki, who founded the NGO Sahodari, wanted to use technology to help other members of the transgender community, especially disadvantaged and impoverished trans women. The result was Project Kalki (www.projectkalki.com) where trans women in India are trained for free to become online journalists and write about issues and problems affecting transgender people.
Kalki got the idea to do this when she received a scholarship in 2009 from a project that trains a woman from every Indian state to become journalists. As part of the scholarship, she attended a video workshop in Goa.
“I made numerous short documentaries and features on the transgender community using my newly learned skills. But I felt that was not enough. We needed more voices for our (transgender community) stories to be heard,” said Kalki, who holds a post-graduate degree in mass communication and journalism.
She began with eight participants, mostly trans women living in Tamil Nadu who earned a living begging or as sex workers. She taught them basic skills like how to handle a camera, shoot video, write a script, record audio and post video online.
The project fills an important gap left by India. The government provides funding for projects regarding sexual health, but not for transgender people to develop professional skills.
Project Kalki faced some problems in the beginning. Most trans women are school dropouts and lack basic knowledge of grammar and sentence structure. They needed someone to teach them how to write scripts and learn basic computer skills.
Soon, Kalki's students started making short documentaries. They made documentaries on transgender identity, harassment faced by trans women and their ideas on love and marriage.
These films garnered much appreciation and were screened at the Russian Culture Centre and Alliance Francaise. In 2010, the India Network for Sexual Minorities (INFOSEM) gave the project a grant of 25,000 rupees ($371) to make short features on AIDS awareness. It paid off when Kalki received a grant from the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) in 2012. In the last eight years, Kalki has successfully trained around 25 trans women.
Future plans include training trans women in social media management and digital marketing.
Kalki now employs many of her former students as digital media coordinators for her NGO Sahodari, and others have found jobs of their own.
“I didn't know I had it in me to shoot videos, capture people to tell a story,” said Soundarya, a freelance videographer and journalist. “When my movie was screened at the Russian film festival, I received so much praise. It felt good to be recognised for my skills and not my gender identity for once.”
The Pepsi Skywriter is one of more than 1,200 Travel Air open-cockpit biplanes built between 1925 and 1930. Popular and rugged, Travel Airs earned their keep as utility workhorses and record breakers. The design was the first success for three giants of the general aviation industry, Lloyd Stearman, Walter Beech, and Clyde Cessna, who in 1925 established the Travel Air Manufacturing Company in Wichita, Kansas.
From 1931 to 1953, Andy Stinis performed skywriting in this airplane for Pepsi-Cola. During those years, skywriting with smoke was a premier form of advertising, and Pepsi-Cola used it more than any other company. Pepsi-Cola acquired the airplane in 1973 and used it for air show and advertising duty until retiring it in 2000. Peggy Davies and Suzanne Oliver, the world's only active female skywriters since 1977, performed in it.
Collection Item Long Description:
The Pepsi Skywriter is one of more than 1,200 Travel Air open-cockpit biplanes built between 1925 and 1930. Travel Airs were popular and rugged aircraft that earned their keep as utility and record-breaking workhorses and saw service around the country as crop dusters, barnstormers, and as private planes for the sportsman pilot. For 40 years, pilots flew the Pepsi Skywriter across the United States for the Pepsi-Cola Company delivering a unique form of advertising known as skywriting.
Three future giants in the aircraft industry, Lloyd Stearman, Walter Beech, and Clyde Cessna, came together as young aviation enthusiasts in Wichita, Kansas, to build the Travel Air. During 1923 and 1924, Stearman and Beech worked at the Swallow Aeroplane Manufacturing Company as chief designer and vice president/test pilot respectively. The Swallow aircraft met with success, but Stearman and Beech lobbied to try a design with a steel tube, instead of wood, framework. When management declined, Stearman, Beech, and William Snook left Swallow to start their own company, and brought in Clyde Cessna, a successful farmer who liked to build airplanes. They incorporated the Travel Air Manufacturing Company in January 1925 and immediately designed a three-place, open-cockpit, fabric-covered biplane with a Curtiss OX-5 90 hp engines. Stearman had the steel for the tubing tested to his satisfaction at the Agronomy Department at Kansas State Agricultural College, as there were no aviation standards yet in place. Steel tubing braced the cockpit and steel wires braced the fabric-covered spruce spar wings and ribs. Steel was also used for the rudder and elevator leading and trailing edges, and the horizontal stabilizer leading edge, while the vertical stabilizer was spruce. Spruce strips were used to fair the outside of the fuselage and the turtledeck was spruce. Beech wanted redundant control cables running from the cockpit back to two elevators control horns. The landing gear was a standard duralumin speader bar between vees with bungee shockcords.
Travel Air #1 had a striking look with its fully enclosed cowling for the OX-5 engine, balanced ailerons on the upper wing that overlapped around the edge of the wing, and a blue fuselage with silver wings. Ira Beach made the first test flight on March 13, 1925. Travel Airs performed well in the 1925 Ford Reliability Tour and National Air Transport purchased a Model B for its airmail contract work. OX-5 A and B models became Model 2000s in March 1928 with ATC number 30. The Wright J-4 and J-5, significant radial engines that dramatically improved the performance and reliability of aircraft, were then offered on the airframe and, after 1928, those aircraft became the Model 4000. The 4000 found popularity with better performance and versatility through a wide variety of engine, wing, passenger seat, and landing gear combinations. The Speed wing, for example, was a shorter wing with a new airfoil that made the aircraft faster and required a recertification of the airplane to a D-4000. Ted Wells, later the designer of Beech's Staggerwing, owned the first D-4000 that also sported the first NACA cowl built by Travel Air. By early 1927, both Stearman and Cessna had left Travel Air, leaving Walter Beech in charge, and the newest Travel Air was a cabin monoplane. In 1929, Beech allowed the large Curtiss-Wright Company to absorb the company as a division, but it could not survive the depression, and closed in September 1932.
In 1929, NC434N, serial number 1340, was built as an E-4000, meaning it had a J-6-5 engine and most likely B wings (not the original "elephant ear wing). The D4D model officially arrived in February 1930 with a Wright J-6-7 (Wright R-760-ET) 240 hp engine (the second "D" in D4D) that improved the cruising speed to 110 mph with a range of 520 miles, and the aircraft's ceiling rose to 14,000 feet. N434N received the Speed wings and J-6-7 engine in 1930 and was recertificated as a D4D. Andy Stinis, of the Skywriting Corporation of America, purchased the aircraft in 1931 and flew it out of Floyd Bennett Field, Long Island, New York.
Skywriting, defined as the process of writing a name or message with smoke from an aircraft against a blue sky, began in England after World War I, the brainchild of Major John C. Savage, RAF. His first successful demonstration was at the Derby at Epsom Downs, in May 1922, when Captain Cyril Turner wrote "Daily Mail" above the track. Turner then came to the United States in October 1922 and wrote "Hello U.S.A." above New York City. Allan J. Cameron, along with Leroy Van Patten established the Skywriting Corporation of America at Curtiss Field, an American branch of the Savage's original company. They acquired the patents for mixing the writing gas the United States, and, although it was nothing more than light oil fed through the exhaust system, they controlled the market for years. In 1923, using the Skywriting Corporation, the American Tobacco Company launched the first and very successful skywriting advertising campaign for Lucky Strike cigarettes. Pepsi-Cola Corporation became one of the longest-running contractors of skywriting; in the late 1930s and mid 1940s, it contracted or owned a total of 14 aircraft. In 1940 alone, it contracted for 2,225 writings over 48 states. Andy Stinis flew for Pepsi-Cola from 1931 to 1953.
In 1973 Alan Pottasch and Jack Strayer of Pepsi began a search for old skywriters and found N434N still with Andy Stinis. They intended to display it at the Pepsi corporate headquarters in Purchase, New York, however, Strayer, a former skywriter, soon persuaded Pepsi to install navigation and communications equipment and tour it once again. In 1977, Strayer hired Peggy Davies as a second pilot and then, in 1980, when Davies became a Pepsi corporate pilot, Strayer hired Suzanne Asbury. Pepsi also gave the aircraft a bright red, white, and blue paint scheme. Strayer died in 1981 and, in 1982, Steve Oliver joined Asbury as a second pilot for the Pepsi aircraft fleet that included N434P, another 1929 Travel Air. In 2000, Suzanne and Steve Oliver suggested that the aircraft should be retired for safety's sake, and Pepsi-Cola Company donated it to the National Air and Space Museum. The Pepsi Skywriter is currently displayed at the Steven F. Udvar-Hazy Center at Dulles Airport.
This week's The Mindy Project, “Danny Castellano Is My Nutritionist,” finds Mindy back in NYC with Danny getting ready to start her fertility clinic. Unfortunately, she's got a major case of morning sickness that doesn't just hit in the mornings.
Dr. L. pukes pretty much everywhere, including on a Bible, before Morgan makes her a bedazzled ‘barf bucket' to carry around. Morgan is weird. Morgan is also obsessed with a red fedora like hat for the entire episode (that causes Mindy to get sick every time she sees it). Morgan is weird.
Despite her morning sickness, Mindy's appetite isn't gone. When Danny tries to make her eat some oatmeal she informs him that she's been “eating for two her entire life” and now that she finally has an excuse she's not going to waste it on “steal cut oats.” Too bad Danny thinks that her morning sickness is caused by her poor diet.
So Mindy and Danny Skype with Peter (Mindy's OBGYN/BFF – now living in Texas) and he confirms Danny's diagnosis by explaining that Mindy actually fits into a “special category” of pregnancy… the “geriatric obese” category. Time for Danny to take over Mindy's nutrition. Also, probably time for Mindy to get a doctor who lives in the same state.
Danny's approach to the diet is as up tight as he is, and Mindy is being fed nothing but boiled chicken and oatmeal. Obviously, she can't handle this and nose dives right into a birthday cake. Danny handles this as delicately as any pregnant and nauseated woman would hope, by basically accusing Mindy of failing to co-parent with him. Yikes.
But Danny's got a problem of his own. He promises Mindy he quit smoking, but she catches him in the act and they make a deal. Mindy will quit eating junk food when Danny quits smoking.
Meanwhile, the practice has to hire a replacement for Peter, so Mindy tries to rope in her old teacher/med school crush (Vanessa Williams). This doesn't work out because Williams realizes that everyone at the practice is totally insane, so they are forced to hire the doctor Mindy barfs on instead. Luckily for Mindy, that same doctor also explains that Mindy's morning sickness isn't diet induced, it's stress induced. And who do you think is stressing her out? Danny of course. (Side note: isn't morning sickness just pregnancy induced?).
Faced with the realization that he's not being a great support to Mindy, Danny apologizes and the episode ends with a sweet moment where they both admit to being scared about parenthood, and that they need each other.
This episode was just as hilarious as usual (with just as many great Mindy one-liners), but I have to admit that Danny still gets on my nerves. I'm ready for him to relax and realize that although she's kinda crazy, Mindy is also a successful doctor who probably knows how to make small life choices all on her own. Maybe he's getting there, I'd just like to see him move a little faster. That aside, I'm excited to see how Mindy deals with the rest of this pregnancy. I'm sure more antics are on the way.
Reviewer Rating:
User Rating:
[Total: 0 Average: 0/5]
The Mindy Project airs at 9:30 on Tuesday nights on FOX.
You might also like:
President Barack Obama has signed legislation reviving and reshaping surveillance laws that expired temporarily Sunday night.
The White House says Obama signed the bill late Tuesday evening, hours after the Senate gave its final approval.
Obama said in a statement that he's gratified Congress finally approved the bill. He says his administration will move quickly to restore the lapsed surveillance tools.
The law eliminates the National Security Agency's bulk phone-records collection program and replaces it with a more restrictive measure to keep the records in phone companies' hands.
Obama had blamed Congress for needless delays and an “inexcusable lapse” in national security tools. But he also praised some senators and House members for working in bipartisan fashion to come up with a compromise.
Congress sent legislation to the president reviving and remaking a disputed post-9/11 surveillance program two days after letting it expire.
The vote in the Senate Tuesday was 67-32. The House already passed the bill.
The legislation will phase out, over six months, the once secret National Security Agency bulk phone record collection program made public two years ago by former agency contractor Edward Snowden.
It will be replaced by a program that keeps the records with phone companies but allows the government to search them with a warrant.
Senate Republican leaders initially opposed the House bill, arguing first for an extension of the Patriot Act, the sweeping surveillance legislation passed in the days immediately after the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001. But Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., was eventually forced to accept the House version unchanged after senators rejected various last-ditch attempts to amend it.
The legislation would continue other post-9/11 surveillance provisions that also lapsed at 12:01 a.m. Monday. These include the FBI's authority to gather business records in terrorism and espionage investigations and to more easily eavesdrop on suspects who regularly discard cellphones to avoid surveillance.
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Labour's Chris Bryant provoked gasps in the House of Commons today, when he told MPs a journalist had told him he hoped he would commit suicide “by Christmas.”
Mr Bryant was speaking in a debate on the announcement of a new grievance procedure for Parliamentary workers making accusations of sexual harassment and inappropriate behaviour.
But he warned MPs to ensure both the accuser and accused would have access to justice.
He said: “If we just have trial by the newspapers, or trial by front page, that is not justice for the the people who feel they've been abused and want to make allegations, nor is it justice at the other end.”
Mr Byrant went on to describe an encounter in 2003, shortly after photographs of him in his underwear taken from a gay dating profile had been published.
He said a journalist had approached him in a popular House of Commons bar and told him: “We're all taking bets on when you're going to commit suicide. I hope it'll be before Christmas.”
Tory Commons leader Andrea Leadsom told MPs proposals for the system should be published before MPs break for Christmas.
She said a cross-party working group looking at the issue had met for the first time on Tuesday.
Ms Leadsom said many staff members had expressed a need for HR training and better support for staff, and a new system would take into account "the specific needs of Parliament" and go beyond just mediation.
(Image: AFP)
"The working group has agreed that a new system should provide support, advice and action on a wide spectrum of complaints around bullying and harassment," she added.
"We will do everything in our power to ensure the solution is transparent, fair and effective.
"And this fairness must also apply to MPs and peers, because we do recognise that right across both Houses, we have many model employers who genuinely care about and look after their staff extremely well.
(Image: AFP)
"We're working to a tight timeframe, but we have all acknowledged that it's right that we address this issue with urgency.
"The publication of the final proposal will balance the need for fast action with the need for due diligence.
"The working group, including staff representatives, are considering the timetable carefully and aim to report back to the House before the House rises for Christmas recess."
Ms Leadsom said face-to-face counselling would be available in Parliament from Monday.
The existing complaints helpline has also been rolled out to staff in the Lords, she added.
Startups – giving stuff away for free is the best marketing tool. This story demonstrates why. Austin has been named the best American city for startups, according to a report by the Kauffman Foundation and the surprising second is Miami. The data is part of an infographic exploring Factors that Influence Startup Success. It reveals interesting facts and statistics relating to age, professional background and sectors as influences on the success or failure of a startup.
New Delhi-based graphic design marketplace, Designhill produced the infographic as part of their digital media strategy, which is softer diplomacy than hard sell. Rahul Aggarwal founded Designhill with his brothers. Aggarwal says as a startup themselves, they understand the need for interactive guides, mini quizzes and other content, so they research interesting topics, like famous logos and their hidden meanings, and use it as a calling card. The most interesting bits of the infographic are just a bit further down in this story. But first, Designhill has a pretty interesting story of their own about the invaluable return on giving away products and services for free.
“Marketing through conventional methods is too hard. This is what works for us, which is why we created a white paper to help other businesses learn what we did. Our traffic doubled just because of one infographic we created. So we produce these micro quizzes and infographics for others just to get our brand out there.“
The Aggarwal brothers' company connects clients and designers from around the world. Designhill's platform offers a unique value proposition. A client with a graphic design need – be it a website, a logo, a landing page, etc. enters their criteria and launches a contest. A talent pool of 25,000 designers in 50 different countries can compete for the job. Aggarwal says usually 100-200 designers respond, providing the client with designs to choose from in just one week.
“In terms of value for money, I don't think there's anything like this anywhere. A traditional design agency will give you 5-7 designs in 3-4 weeks and charge you much, much more.”
It takes 2-3 weeks for Aggarwal's team to make an infographic like the one highlighted below, but he says this very story proves it's worth it.
“It takes time, but I wouldn't have gotten your attention without it. I wouldn't have gotten your attention if I just wrote you an email telling you about my company.”
He's right. So here are some of the most compelling stats. For more, check out the original infographic: Factors that Influence Startup Success.
Miami's diverse population is one driver, including Cubans, Colombians, and immigrants from Argentina. They all come from a culture of entrepreneurship. Access to incubators, free co-work space and programs for minority and women-owned businesses also make the city attractive for founders.
The figures indicate experience is highly valued, but another contributing factor is America's aging population. The recession and forced early retirement has led to the biggest jump: an increase in the number of older entrepreneurs, aged 55-64, from nearly 15% in 1996, to almost 26% last year.
Source: The Kauffman Index
39% of founders were formerly CEOs/Founders which supports the idea that VCs back experience. Sales, Marketing, and Product Management and Development are common previous roles.
Source: Venture Capital Report, CB Insights
More than 58% of angel investment money went to consumer products and services startups followed by electronics.
Did our footage of OCZ's new RevoDrive 3 X2 whet your appetite for more info on the super speedy SSD? Well, your wish is the web's command, and we've got a full roundup of reviews that'll tell you all you need to know. After putting OCZ's latest through its paces, the consensus is that the SSD is seriously quick in remembering and retrieving data. According to Tom's Hardware, the RevoDrive 3 X2 -- with its max 1.5GBps read and 1.2GBps write speeds -- "smokes everything" they've had pass through their lab. However, AnandTech noted that such capacious bandwidth is "simply overkill" for most users, as the drive only really flexes its muscles once the queue depth increases from enterprise-level workloads. Several sites noted that the lack of TRIM support on Windows machines was also a concern, and that more cost effective (albeit slower) storage solutions can be had with a DIY RAID array of SATA SSDs . Of course, you don't have to take our word for it, get down to the nitty gritty in the links below. Read - Hot Hardware Read - AnandTech Read - Tom's Hardware Read - PC Perspective Read - The SSD Review
Qualcomm Incorporated (NASDAQ: QCOM) today filed its Answer and Counterclaims to the January lawsuit brought by Apple against the Company in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California. Qualcomm's filing details the value of the technologies Qualcomm has invented, contributed and shared with the industry through its licensing program, as well as Apple's failure to engage in good faith negotiations for a license to Qualcomm's 3G and 4G standard essential patents on fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory terms. The filing also outlines how Apple:
B reached agreements and mischaracterized agreements and negotiations with Qualcomm;
I nterfered with Qualcomm's long-standing agreements with Qualcomm licensees that manufacture iPhones and iPads for Apple;
E ncouraged regulatory attacks on Qualcomm's business in various jurisdictions around the world by misrepresenting facts and making false statements;
C hose not to utilize the full performance of Qualcomm's modem chips in its iPhone 7, misrepresented the performance disparity between iPhones using Qualcomm modems and those using competitor-supplied modems; and
Threatened Qualcomm in an attempt to prevent it from making any public comparisons about the superior performance of the Qualcomm-powered iPhones.
Qualcomm seeks, among other things, damages from Apple for reneging on its promises in several agreements and to enjoin Apple from further interference with Qualcomm's agreements with the companies that manufacture iPhones and iPads for Apple.
“Qualcomm is the world leader in inventing and developing fundamental, ground-breaking mobile technologies that enable the worldwide mobile ecosystem. Today, Qualcomm's patented technologies remain the primary value driver for mobile devices,” said Don Rosenberg, executive vice president and general counsel of Qualcomm. “The value of our inventions has been proven through hundreds of license agreements, negotiated and renegotiated over almost three decades, with virtually every significant handset maker in history, including the companies in Asia that have manufactured Apple iPhones and iPads. Over the last ten years, Apple has played a significant role in bringing the benefits of mobile technology to consumers with its popular products and services. But Apple could not have built the incredible iPhone franchise that has made it the most profitable company in the world, capturing over 90 percent of smartphone profits, without relying upon Qualcomm's fundamental cellular technologies. Now, after a decade of historic growth, Apple refuses to acknowledge the well established and continuing value of those technologies. It has launched a global attack on Qualcomm and is attempting to use its enormous market power to coerce unfair and unreasonable license terms from Qualcomm. We intend to vigorously defend our business model, and pursue our right to protect and receive fair value for our technological contributions to the industry.”
Press Release Resource
About Qualcomm
Qualcomm's technologies powered the smartphone revolution and connected billions of people. We pioneered 3G and 4G – and now we are leading the way to 5G and a new era of intelligent, connected devices. Our products are revolutionizing industries, including automotive, computing, IoT, healthcare and data center, and are allowing millions of devices to connect with each other in ways never before imagined. Qualcomm Incorporated includes our licensing business, QTL, and the vast majority of our patent portfolio. Qualcomm Technologies, Inc., a subsidiary of Qualcomm Incorporated, operates, along with its subsidiaries, all of our engineering, research and development functions, and all of our products and services businesses, including, our QCT semiconductor business. For more information, visit Qualcomm's website, OnQ blog, Twitter and Facebook pages.
Ah, dogs. Those lovable floof packages, those clumsy obedience machines, those delightfully dim factories of unbearable cuteness and unwavering loyalty. Dogs deeply care about their human owners – they likely even dream of us as they snooze. Consequently, billions of people love them back.
That, of course, is partly why it's so hard leaving them on their own. Whether you're going out for a day or just popping off to the toilet, it's more likely than not that your dog will look at you like you're leaving forever. Their eyes will widen, they will begin to whimper, and they appear to be thinking that that's it – they're alone forever.
Their state of heartbrokenness is only shattered when you emerge victoriously from what they consider to be an overly long journey into the unknown. Why is it, we at IFLScience wondered, do they not understand that you're coming back? Importantly, is there anything you can do to convince them otherwise?
In order to attempt to answer this question, we contacted the UK's Battersea Dogs & Cats Home, an organization that helps to rescue and home cats and dogs around the country. Their Canine Behaviorist and Welfare Team (CBWT) took to the task with aplomb, but be warned – after reading this, you'll never want to leave your pet puppy alone ever again.
Picture the scene. You've said bye to them, you walk out the door, and you're gone. The reality of the situation dawns on the doggo, and it begins to experience considerable amounts of stress.
“When stress levels increase – a dog's heart rate, respiratory functions, and levels of stress hormones, such as cortisol – are also likely to rise,” the CBWT told IFLScience.
Make it stop. Inna Astakhova/Shutterstock
“The first 30 minutes after being left alone is usually the most stressful time for the majority of dogs,” they note. “However, for some individuals, this elevated level of stress can last for the whole time that they are left.”
The most common markers of painful isolation are “vocalizations” of protest and “destructive behavior”, but some signs are more subtle. Pacing and excessive salivation are also often markers of acute stress. They likely urinate on the floor as a way of relieving stress.
Dogs, it seems, can never get used to you leaving. After a while, they recognize certain cues of yours – walking towards the front door, looking for your keys, locking the bathroom, and so on – that notify them that you're about to disappear, and the panic begins to set in earlier rather than later.
“Dogs are social animals, so it is difficult to know for sure what they're thinking when they're left alone,” the CBWT add. Sadly, as they aren't great conversationalists, we can't ask them. It's just not clear if they think we've abandoned them forever, or they're just incredibly needy creatures. Some may not be fearful but merely bored without you providing them with entertainment.
Just like their owners, some are just better at dealing with stress than others. On the extreme end of the spectrum, dogs can develop separation anxiety and depression if they are left alone long enough without any good coping mechanisms.
The CBWT do suggest, however, that some dog individuals or breeds are better able to cope with stress when they have another dog to share the troublesome experience with – although this very much depends on the idiosyncrasies of the dogs themselves.
Meep. Tatyana Domnicheva/Shutterstock
Would an emotionally rigid dog help a far more anxious one ride out the storm of an owner's disappearance? Possibly, but it depends on whether the latter dog responds to the calmness of the former.
The team at Battersea pointed out that “in some cases, one dog could learn from another about being anxious in that situation,” so a pairing of dogs could sometimes make things worse. It's really difficult to tell, unfortunately.
It's almost certain that their experiences of being left alone when they were very young have a huge influence on how they handle isolation when they're older.
“All individuals are able to learn during the critical socialization period as a puppy, around 3-14 weeks old, that being left alone is okay,” the CBWT adds.
“This is possible by gradually, and positively, building up the time they are left alone so that each time it's longer and longer.” When they're young, don't suddenly throw them into the deep end, so to speak.
It's trickier to reign in the habits of older dogs, but a similarly “gradual process of desensitization” could prove effective in the long run. Again, results may vary.
So what can you do to help things out? Woodgreen, another animal rehoming charity, suggests that you could “prepare a home alone box,” a container that contains soft toys, “a rawhide chew or pig's ear, a few dog biscuits wrapped individually in sheets of newspaper, empty toilet rolls,” things like that.
When you're about to leave the house, place it in front of them, and let them have a rummage around. Then, confidently, leave the house – don't make a fuss of it.
“The first time you do this, only leave them for a short amount of time, less than twenty minutes,” their website notes. “When you enter the house again immediately pick up the box and bits that he has taken out of it and put them on the side.”
The idea is that your pet will realize that these specific treats will only come out when you leave the house. Over time, as their confidence grows, you can spend longer away and they'll hopefully be more of less content with their box of distractions. Closing the curtains, to stop them being distracted by the sight of you leaving, may also help matters.
So, in sum: If you have a dog, the best time to train it to accept brief periods of isolation is when they're a wee little puppy. Just, you know, try not to think of them shaking in utter terror, or them becoming infused with sorrow and doubt, as you close the front door on them for the very first time. It's probably best to look forward to the cacophonous reception that invariably awaits you as you get back home.
Aw. That's more like it. Ben Mesches via YouTube
On the other hand, cats probably love the sight of you leaving the house. There's no better time to plot the downfall of humanity than when no one's watching.
A A
POULSBO, Wash. - Police have arrested 33-year-old Daniel Oaks Thieman, a heroin addict who they say walked into a Poulsbo Walmart, stabbed meat tubes, fell asleep, and then walked out of the store Friday morning.
Shortly after 6 a.m. an employee was alerted by a customer that a hypodermic syringe had been found stabbed into a Jimmy Dean sausage tube. While removing the meat, the employee noted another tube with hole pokes, and immediately alerted the on-duty manager who dialed 911.
"Somebody had pushed a syringe into the tube at an angle, and it poked out the other side," Poulsbo Police Officer Nick Hoke said. "The actual metal needle tip was not attached to the syringe though."
Police removed the syringe and saw no evidence that it had been used, saying the inside of the syringe looked dry and uncontaminated, "except for the business end that had a bit of sausage meet jammed into it."
Officer Hoke opened the tubes to search for the metal needle tip, but was unable to locate it in the meat.
Store employees were concerned that the needle's tip could have been broken off in other tubes, so the entire meat section "was sealed off with plastic sheeting to prevent any customers from buying anything in that section," police say.
"A subsequent inspection revealed several other meat items had holes punched in the packages," Officer Hoke said. All items were removed and the area was disinfected by employees.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. reviewed all video and transactions involving products in the contaminated area and say there is no cause for concern. Police also reviewed surveillance video, and have confirmed no one entered the store during the time of contamination.
"Nobody else was seen on video at that exact area until a customer saw the syringe there and reported it," Officer Hoke said.
Footage showed the man walked into the store around 12:48 a.m. Friday, stabbed the meat tubes and fell asleep at the Subway located at the front of the store. The man exited the store and was seen driving off with a woman in a black Ford Focus.
Police later found several syringes in the parking lot where the Focus had been parked.
"In the interest of public safety," Officer Hoke said, "the managers at Walmart decided to remove every food item from that area from inventory and destroy them all."
The estimated food loss totaled around $19,000, as every package in the section had to be removed.
Police arrested the suspect on food tampering charges Saturday, and records show the suspect admitted to police he has "a serious daily heroin habit."
Now that candy for catches and transfers are doubled, you may want to visit your local nests to stock up on those precious candies. While this may seem like a good strategy, note that since “spooky” Pokémon crowd out other Pokémon, you may not see as many of the nest Pokémon as usual.
If you do plan to visit a nest, here are strategies you may consider:
A
You can never have too many eeveelutions in Pokémon GO. If you're lucky enough to have a confirmed Eevee nest in driving distance, consider pack some camping gear for the weekend. With 6 catch candies, 2 transfer candies, and 1 evolve candy for the duration of the event, 1 of every 3 Eevee you catch has the chance to be Vaporeon, Jolteon, or Flareon! B
If you have been blessed with a Dratini nest, now is the perfect time to pay a visit. Since you now receive 6 candies per catch and 2 per transfer, you only need to catch 16 Dratini instead of 32 to get yourself a Dragonite. If you already have a Dragonite, those candies would be useful for powering up as well. Other pre-evolved forms of competitive Pokémon would be worth catching as well. 7 Exeggcute, Jigglypuff, or Growlithe will net you Exeggcutor, Wigglytuff and Arcanine respectively. Seel may be another good option if you don't already have a good Dragonite counter. C
Because of the high candy costs of evolution, you may want to visit the nests of Bulbasaur, Charmander, or Squirtle for those precious candies. Bellsprout and Oddish nests may be good options as well since Victreebel and Vileplume are useful in this water Pokémon meta. D
Poliwag, Abra, Machop, Geodude, and Magikarp all take a large amount of candy to evolve to their final evolutions. If you don't have them in your pokedex yet, this may be the perfect opportunity to quickly grab those last few candies. F
If all you care about is experience, catching Caterpie, Weedle, and Pidgey can bring you closer to your next lucky egg session. Assuming you have at least one Pokémon candy right now, you can evolve 3 of every 4 you catch due to 6 catch candies, 2 transfer candies, and 1 evolve candy potentially per catch. Unfortunately, these Pokémon may be harder to find during the event.
After exhausting yourself and your buddy from trick-o-treating. It's time to take a hard look at your Pokémon box and do a fall cleaning.
For this event, you get 2 candies for each Pokémon you transfer. It's the perfect opportunity to choose only your favorites, and get rid of the rest.
Because of double candies, it's not a terrible idea to splurge on extra incubators a little this Halloween.
User Action Pokémon Candies Acquired Catching 6 Hatching 10 to 64 Transferring 2 Evolving 1 refunded
One source of Pokémon candies is not doubled this Halloween. Normally, you receive one candy rebate per Pokémon evolution. This extra candy is not doubled during the event.
Authored by Darius Shahtahmasebi via TheAntiMedia.org,
The BBC reportedly has exclusive proof that the Syrian government is continuing to produce chemical weapons in violation of a deal reached in 2013. Pursuant to that deal, the Syrian government was supposed to remove its entire stockpile, which the U.N. said had already been achieved in 2014.
According to a document provided to the BBC by a “Western intelligence agency,” chemical and biological munitions are being produced at three main sites near Damascus and Hama. The document also alleges that Iran and Russia are well aware of these activities.
Even though the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) monitors these sites, the document alleges that the manufacture of chemical weapons continues behind closed doors.
According to the BBC, the OPCW has confirmed that it has asked the Syrian authorities to declare the relevant parts of the sites per Syria's obligations under the Chemical Weapons Convention (CWC). The Syrian authorities have declared sections of those sites, but the OPCW was not in a position to “confirm that the [Syrian] declaration is complete and accurate.”
In its report, the BBC then tied the information from the document into the wider issue at hand — that the Syrian government is deemed by Western powers to be the number one culprit behind the most recent chemical weapons attack at the beginning of April.
Most disturbing, however, is the fact that the BBC advanced this information with the following provisos buried in the final paragraphs of its report:
“The intelligence information about the suspected weapons manufacturing sites was shared with the BBC on condition the agency providing it would not be named. “It does not give detail about how the alleged evidence was gathered.” [emphasis added]
It wouldn't be surprising to most people if the Syrian government is still producing chemical weapons at those sites (or any other sites, for that matter). However, there is a glaring problem with these claims: What is the standard of proof? An unnamed “intelligence agency” shares information with a media network without providing any detail as to how it actually assessed or compiled its data?
This is the same media network that in 2013 reported on U.N. investigator Carla Del Ponte's view that, in fact, Syrian rebels likely used sarin gas to attack civilians in the major attacks in 2013. So far, very little concrete evidence regarding the Syrian government's culpability in any of the chemical weapons attacks throughout the conflict has emerged, including the most recent one in April. As such, it is no surprise that the BBC has to resort to these kinds of tactics.
Despite the disclaimer mentioned in the article, the title of the BBC report was “Syria government ‘producing chemical weapons at research facilities,'” though the editors likely knew full well very few people would even bother to read the first paragraph, let alone the last few paragraphs, which acknowledged the absurdity of the information presented.
A parallel can be drawn between this narrative and the numerous allegations of Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential elections. As noted by Glenn Greenwald in December, the allegations presented by the mainstream media regarding Russian interference were no substitute for concrete proof:
“There is still no such evidence for any of these claims. What we have instead been assertions, disseminated by anonymous people, completely unaccompanied by any evidence, let alone proof.”
Sound familiar?
Regardless of the accusation, the political nature of the issue at hand, and the parties involved, employing Greenwald's words of warning are the only way to distinguish fact from fiction. If we don't know the facts for sure, we shouldn't promulgate them without question, especially given the ulterior motives of the corporate media and the agencies that advise them (in the case of Syria, the agenda of these parties is regime change).
Real journalism requires a much higher standard than that, assuming our job is to publish the truth. The stakes are high in Syria, and we can't afford to let the U.S. government and allies employ a shoot-first-ask-questions-later mentality — the same kind we have seen cause such widespread catastrophe in countries such as Iraq and Libya.
As the New York Times was forced to admit in 2004, approximately a year after the U.S. invasion of Iraq:
“But we have found a number of instances of coverage that was not as rigorous as it should have been. In some cases, information that was controversial then, and seems questionable now, was insufficiently qualified or allowed to stand unchallenged. Looking back, we wish we had been more aggressive in re-examining the claims as new evidence emerged — or failed to emerge.”
This time, let's question the propaganda before the invasion - not after it.
STREETSBORO, Ohio—Gary Johnson would like to win on Tuesday but if he's not on top when all the votes are counted he doesn't care who is.
In the closing days of his run for president, the Libertarian nominee has more than embraced the spoiler arguments he is bombarded with daily. It started when he was on his swing through northeast college campus. It accelerated at the Free and Equal debates in Chicago and in Boulder, Colorado on his final Mountain West tour. Now, here at the last stop on his fifth and final tour of the most crucial of 2012 swing states, he has reached the point where he is almost gleeful over being seen as throwing a giant monkey wrench into what happens on Election Day.
“Whichever candidate I make lose that would be terrific because that would open a debate and a discussion over the two parties and what really is the difference between the two: It's not much., it's really not much at all,” he said in an interview with reporters before going on stage.
“I just want to make it clear: more liberal than Obama when it comes to civil liberties and more conservative than Romney when it comes to dollars and cents. That said, I don't care what happens, I really don't,” he said.
Johnson has been under relentless attacks from conservatives for his candidacy because they claim his presence in the race will cost Mitt Romney the election. Comparisons have been made to Johnson's run and Ralph Nader's 2000 Green Party candidacy. Johnson doesn't see it that way, arguing he takes equally from both candidates and in different states.
His closing argument is that President Obama and former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney have failed to address a series of issues, some more mainstream and others more important to libertarians.
Obama, Johnson says, is a great speaker and agrees with a lot of what he says but in practice he's been a failure on things like the budget, foreign policy, and, in particular, the war on drugs.
“I never believed that he would balance the budget, I never believed that he would cut federal spending but he did say those things and he continues to say those things. I did believe him that when it came to war I thought that our military intervention would be a scaled way back but he is as militaristic a president we have ever had. The military interventions right now are at an absolute high,” Johnson said.
Romney, he says, is a nice guy with a great business acumen but he's just wrong on immigration and his ideas on the federal budget are detached from reality.
“Mitt Romney is a smart guy but with a straight face he says ‘we need to balance the federal budget, hold Medicare intact, and increase spending for the military. It doesn't add up,” he said.
Most of these, in some way, could be solved or at least addressed if the Fair Tax was implemented, Johnson argues, yet that's something neither candidate even considers.
Johnson implored the 700-plus gathered to bring their friends to the polls and encouraged them to convince others that a vote for Romney or Obama is truly a wasted vote.
“Wasting your vote is voting for somebody you don't believe in. Vote for the preson you believe in, that is how we change things in this country,” he said.
“If either Obama or Romney are elected we're gonna find ourselves with a greater police state, we're gonna find ourselves with a continued state of war, military interventions are gonna get just as bad if not even worse, and we're going to find ourselves spending money in ways that are unsustainable that will ultimately lead to a monetary collapse if we don't take control of it,” he said.
Johnson heads to Washington, D.C. tomorrow for a series of media appearances and to participate in the two final third party debates. He is spending Election Night at the official campaign party in his hometown of Albuquerque, New Mexico.
At 21, Jacinda considered her male coworkers in the Navy to be her brothers. That was before she awoke in a drunken haze, bleeding from being anally raped after a party at the barracks.
She couldn't find her shirt; so she wrapped a blanket around herself and walked directly across the street to the military police. They told Jacinda she shouldn't have been drinking among so many men, and that she should chalk up the consequences to poor judgment and go home. The military police also intimidated her with threats of imprisonment if her report were judged to be false.
Frightened, Jacinda lied about her injuries when she went to the infirmary.
That was 15 years ago. Today, Jacinda says, “I'm unable to maintain relationships. I don't trust men. I have no children. I also have OCD behaviors, such as checking and rechecking locked doors. I pull out my hair sometimes, one strand at a time. I chew my nails to the bone, and I suffer from panic attacks and generalized anxiety.”
It took many years and four denials before the Veterans Benefits Administration (VBA) finally granted Jacinda resources to help treat her post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
Jacinda says she doesn't regret her military service, but she wouldn't do it again.
Jacinda's story is far from unique. In 2012, then-Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta said that, while the number of military sexual assaults reported the previous year totaled around 3,000, the actual number of rapes was likelier to be 19,000. And as the Academy Award-nominated documentary "The Invisible War" demonstrated, military sexual assault (MST) is a veritable epidemic across the armed forces.
TakePart spoke to a handful of survivors about their personal experiences with MST. Their names have all been changed.
Diane came from a military family. Joining the Air Force at age 24 seemed a natural choice. She was in her room at an Air Force base when an airman she knew broke in through the bathroom and raped her. She went to the hospital, hoping desperately that no one at work would find out.
Diane failed to receive the privacy she wanted. A girl in the next room found out that Diane had requested a forensic kit (rape kit) and promptly told Diane's supervisor. Diane was terrified.
She tells TakePart of the man who raped her: “I knew the type of guy he appeared to be. If it hadn't happened to me, I wouldn't have believed it myself. He just didn't seem capable of something like this. I feared I would be ostracized. I needed others to do some of my duties as a jet mechanic. I feared no one would work with me for fear that I would get them in trouble. Sexual harassment was a common thing and accepted throughout my squadron. I knew people would be leery of me and afraid that I might report them as well.”
Treatment proved to be difficult. She tells TakePart, “I thought I was going crazy after this happened. I wanted to be institutionalized to get a handle on my life again, but the only place available had all males on the floor and wouldn't allow me to lock my door at night. I couldn't bear it; so I was put in an outpatient facility with combat vets. I was relieved to know someone else was going through what I was, and I wasn't going crazy. I was sleeping with knives and had weapons hid in my locker at work, in my house, and in my car. I couldn't sleep because of the dreams. I couldn't go out of my house for fear of what people were capable of.”
Now 31, Diane says, “I regret I didn't know rape was a hazard to military service.… I loved the military. I wish this never happened so I could still be doing what I loved.”
Sienna was 31 when she joined the Navy. She hoped to secure an education and to travel the world. She invited a coworker, who had recently returned from a yearlong deployment, out for beers with her friends. She drank a couple of beers, but he drank far more, and ended up vomiting in the parking lot. She offered to let him crash on her couch.
“He came into my room after I went to bed,” she tells TakePart. “I said no repeatedly and did fight him off. I thought it was over, but after I fell asleep he came back in my room. He pinned me while I was asleep.” She awoke to find the man on top of her, raping her.
Sienna didn't report the rape: She would have been required to admit that she'd driven a vehicle after having a few beers. She feared being charged with an alcohol-related incident. She also felt that as a female mechanic, it would have ruined her career.
Her PTSD began with sleep problems and progressed to crippling panic attacks. She eventually left work for two months to seek psychiatric help. She also sought treatment in a military PTSD program.
Got Gas? It Could Mean You've Got Healthy Gut Microbes
Enlarge this image toggle caption Meg Vogel/NPR Meg Vogel/NPR
Not long ago, we heard about a catchy idea for a cookbook: "Fart-free food for everybody."
In theory, these recipes would be helpful for some people — and those in their vicinity.
But being a bit gassy may actually be a small price to pay for a lot of benefits to our health.
We know that air often comes after eating nutrient-packed vegetables, such as cabbage, kale and broccoli. And researchers have found that fiber-rich foods, like beans and lentils, boost the levels of beneficial gut bacteria after only a few days, as we reported in December.
So all this got us wondering: Could passing gas, in some instances, be a sign that our gut microbes are busy keeping us healthy?
Absolutely, says Purna Kashyap, a gastroenterologist at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minn.
"Eating foods that cause gas is the only way for the microbes in the gut to get nutrients," he says. "If we didn't feed them carbohydrates, it would be harder for them to live in our gut."
And we need to keep these colon-dwelling critters content, Kashyap says. When they gobble up food — and create gas — they also make molecules that boost the immune system, protect the lining of the intestine and prevent infections.
"A healthy individual can have up to 18 flatulences per day and be perfectly normal," he adds.
Gas gets into the digestive tract primarily through two routes: Swallowing air (which we all do when we eat and chew gum) and your microbiome. That's the collection of organisms in the GI tract that scientists and doctors are currently all fired up about. (Check our colleague Rob Stein's recent series on it.)
That microbiome includes hundreds of different bacteria. But there are also organisms from another kingdom shacking up with them: the archaea.
All these microbes are gas-making fools. They eat up unused food in your large intestine, like fiber and other carbohydrates we don't digest, and churn out a bunch of gases as waste.
But that's not all they make. They also produce a slew of molecules (called short chain fatty acids) that may promote the growth of other beneficial bacteria and archaea.
And the more fiber you feed these friendly inhabitants, the more types of species appear, studies have found. This bump in microbial diversity has been linked to a slimmer waistline.
"Undigested carbohydrates allow the whole ecosystem to thrive and flourish," Kashyap says.
Most gas made by the microbiome is odorless. It's simply carbon dioxide, hydrogen or methane. But sometimes a little sulfur slips in there.
"That's when it gets smelly," Kashyap says.
But here's the hitch: Many of the smelly sulfur compounds in vegetables have healthful properties.
Take for instance, the broccoli, mustard and cabbage family. These Brassica vegetables are packed with a sulfur compound, called sulforaphane, that is strongly associated with a reduced risk of cancer.
Another possible benefit of a little smelly gas? It may reduce the total volume of air in the gut, Kashyap says.
Why? Because bacteria and archaea make the sulfur gas from other gases in the gut, like hydrogen.
"Bacteria that make sulfide gas are really important," Kashyap says. "They can cause smelliness, but they can reduce the total amount of gas flow."
Of course, having too much of anything can be bad. If gas and bloating start interfering with your quality of life, Kashayps recommends seeing a doctor.
But don't immediately blame your diet, Kashyap says.
In many cases, people who complain about too much gas actually don't generate more than others, he says. Instead, they perceive the passing more intensely. Or they pass it more often.
"Yes, a more fiber-rich diet will produce more gas," Kashyap adds. "But completely eliminating fiber from the diet should not be the first option. You don't want to starve your microbes."
So go ahead. Enjoy those lentils. Chow down on the cabbage. Then if you stink a little, think of it as a thank-you gesture from your microbiome.
* “In IT there is no job security. I'm worried a lot about my family“: This is the note a Pune-based techie wrote before he jumped to his death on Wednesday.* A man in his 60s says his daughter, who used to work with an IT firm, had suddenly gone silent. It was only when she went for counselling, her parents found she had lost her job but still “left for work“ every day.The layoffs in the IT sector this year - from biggies like Wipro, Infosys and Tech Mahindra to smaller companies - have caught thousands of young professionals off-guard. Many are turning to psychologists and online counselling platforms to deal with anxiety and stress. YourDost, an online counsel ling and emotional wellness platform, launched a `Fired to Fired Up' session last month to deal with the surge in distress calls. It received some 260 calls on the toll-free number and 800 chats in just three days (June 29-July 1).Among the calls received during YourDost's 3-day drive to address layoffs, 43% were from the IT industry. The maximum number of calls were from Karnataka (15%), followed by Maharashtra (12%) and Delhi (11%). Calls were also received from parts of the northeast, Odisha and Himachal Pradesh “The stigma of layoffs is the worst...Even those who have survived the layoff are worried if they will be the next to go,“ says YourDost cofounder and CEO Richa Singh.Swati Premkumar (name changed) is in the latter category. Having been in IT services for the past decade, she was quite confident of her career trajectory until she saw her colleagues being sent home.“When you see people around you being told to go, it hits you. Even if I get laid off, it won't affect me financially. The larger worry is answering parents, children and friends,“ she says. After six months of trying to deal with the stress on her own, she sought professional help.Ravi Kumar (name changed) had been working with a large IT firm for several years before his entire team was laid off.With a pregnant wife and family of four to look after, he is a very worried man. But even as he scouts for a job, Kumar has turned to online platform ePsyclinic for help.“Self-esteem and self-worth are the most common issues they come to us with,“ says Shipra Dawar, founder of Iwill, powered by ePsyclinic.com. Until last month, the forum received 1-2 calls from former employees, now the number is 20-25, she says.Many companies, too, acknowledge the problems. Says Richard Lobo, executive vice-president and head HR at Infosys, “The IT sector is going through structural challenges and anxiety around job losses is higher than what it usually is. When our employees (Infoscions) reach out for help, we have counselling sessions internally to help them cope with their concerns.
Hey Developers,
Some of you may have already noticed that we recently removed “Guest Mode” on Roblox. This means that users will no longer be able to play games as a guest on mobile or desktop platforms.
We think this is a great change for our developers as we've found that removing this mode of play increases the number of users playing with registered accounts. As you know, guests cannot do many of the things on Roblox that add value for users and developers including:
Saving progress in games.
Chatting.
Playing with friends.
Purchase items in your games.
Providing feedback on your games such as; Liking, Disliking or Favorite.
Requiring users to sign-up will ensure that new users have access to the full set of Roblox's features, which we know helps us retain those users longer.
What does this mean for you as a developer?
An increase in registered users will drive more visits, increased revenue and player engagement in your Roblox games.
How does this improve the first time user experience?
This will encourage first time players to use our social and interactive features with other users.
We are constantly looking for ways to improve and enhance the Roblox platform for both players and developers.
Our team will update this thread once guest mode is completely disabled on all platforms.
Thanks,
Developer Relations Team
Spotify is testing a new Driving Mode feature, according to some users who have posted on Reddit. A few users have been given access to a new feature that allows them to enable a driving mode which enlarges buttons, announces songs, and features voice controls (which aren't active yet).
Photos posted by Reddit user Chris54721 show the new user interface, which features a car emblem in the bottom right corner of the now playing window, allowing users to enable the driving mode. Doing so enlarges the forward and backward buttons, and adds a microphone which theoretically would allow you to ask for songs to be played. Spotify can also announce the next song so you don't have to look down to check the title.
Whether this Driving Mode will end up as an official product is still up in the air. Spotify tests a ton of different features all the time that end up on a small number of user devices — this was meant for Spotify employees but somehow got on public devices, according to the screenshots — but then don't expand to a wider audience. It's likely that Spotify will eventually come out with a Driving Mode, given how many people use it while driving, but when that will happen is unknown. For now all we have is a small test.
We've reached out to Spotify for comment.
On Tuesday night, as the election returns poured in, an Indiana athletics spokesman distributed a release with news of the eligibility of Indiana freshmen forwards Peter Jurkin and Hanner Mosquera-Parea. We'd been waiting for this exact piece of information, and lo, here it was.
With bated breath, I scrolled the first paragraph:
Calling Indiana University's corrective actions “substantial and meaningful,” the NCAA on October 31, 2012, ac­cepted as secondary a case IU filed with it on June 22, 2012. In short, that case involves the provision of what would generally have been permissible expenses but for the provider's donation of $185 to the IU Varsity Club between 1986 and 1992, rendering him forever a “booster” under NCAA rules, notwithstanding that the donations were minimal in nature and occurred over 20 years ago.
After having seen that exact same paragraph, my buddy wrote me an email. It read:
Is it wrong I didn't read anything past this opening paragraph of the PR? The NCAA is very odd to me. The word that keeps coming to mind is “silly." This is silly.
You know ... I could end this post right there. I think that just about sums it up.
Mosquera-Parea and Jurkin will both serve a nine-game suspension, and be forced to repay separate sums of money to selected charities, as part of NCAA enforcement's decision this week. Why? Because their former AAU coach/legal guardian donated $185 to Indiana two decades ago. True story!
In case you're still confused, here's the deal: Throughout their prep careers, Mosquera-Parea and Jurkin both lived with their AAU coach and assumed legal guardian, Mark Adams. Adams is a 54-year-old government worker and the founder of African Hoop Opportunities Providing an Education (A-HOPE), a program that scouts foreign basketball talent and attempts to place its players in college programs en route to a college education. (Questions have been raised in the college hoops community about Adams' methods; ESPN "Outside the Lines" investigative reporter Mike Fish delved deeply into Adams and A-HOPE in a multi-part series last year.)
But anyway, back to IU's forwards. During the investigation, NCAA enforcement officials discovered Adams had, during that time, provided Mosquera-Parea and Jurkin with $9,702 and $6,003 (respectively) in plane tickets, meals, housing, a laptop computer, a cellphone and clothing. Again, through A-HOPE, Adams was the players' legal guardian. These are the kinds of things you buy when you are a high school basketball prospect's legal guardian. As such, they are what the NCAA would typically call "permissible" benefits.
These are not permissible benefits, however, for one reason only: Adams donated $185 to Indiana athletics over the course of seven years, from 1986 to 1992. What was that money for? According to Adams, they were yearly checks written by his wife to purchase IU alumni bumper stickers. As such, that small amount of money, given more than two decades ago, is the reason Adams is considered by the NCAA to be a "booster," and why he is not allowed to pay for his adopted sons' cell phone bills, and why Parea must pay back $1,590 and Jurkin $250 and why both must sit out IU's first nine games of the season.
I mean, even the NCAA's own wording makes it sound ridiculous:
"Despite the minimal nature of Mr. Adams' donations, and the fact that the last donation he made was more than 15 years before he provided expenses to a prospective student-athlete who enrolled at the institution," the NCAA wrote in its letter to the school. "Mr. Adams must be considered a representative of the institution's athletics interests."
Actually, no, NCAA Enforcement Zombie Squadron, he really does not. There is the spirit of the law and the letter of the law, and then there is sticking so closely to the letter of the law you become so stupid and inflexible that the entire point of the law in the first place goes whizzing by your head so fast you don't even see it, like a housefly on the highway. This is one of those times, guys.
The good news for Indiana fans is that it theoretically could have been worse. You never know with eligibility/amateurism cases. Nine games -- which will cost the duo the Legends Classic and a matchup with North Carolina but will have them back in time to face Butler Dec. 15 -- is not exactly a tragedy, team-wise. They'll be back in time for Big Ten play, with plenty of time to work in, and besides -- Indiana is already pretty good. Were the extenuating circumstances of the punishment not so completely insane, IU fans could walk away from Tuesday night's news feeling pretty much OK.
But, of course, the extenuating circumstances are insane.
It is always all too easy to pick on the NCAA, to work up a lather and write about "hypocrisy," to bring out all the hand-wringing you can muster in 500 or 1,000 words. But sometimes, the fine folks in Indianapolis are kind enough to do all the work the for you. In times like these, the best you can do is sit back, shrug, and marvel at the sheer, unrelenting, magnificent silliness of it all.
Even if you don't like the Twilight series of movies, you have to admit that they know how to construct an excellent official soundtrack. Especially with their latest release The Twilight Saga – Eclipse, they have been able to get some major names on board such as The Black Keys, Metric, The Bravery, UNKLE, Muse, The Dead Weather and more.
The Twilight people have also managed to persuade talented indie-pop princesses Florence + the Machine, Sia & Bat For Lashes to contribute all new original material.
—
Florenceâ€™s effort comes in the form of Heavy In Your Arms, a dark and brooding number that wouldnâ€™t have sounded out of place on her debut album Lungs.
Florence + The Machine – Heavy In Your Arms
ytaudio(XWIKfe_bQ58)
—
My Love comes from Australian sensation Sia, a very different offering when compared with Florenceâ€™s Eclipse contribution. Itâ€™s a delicate, orchestral ballad that shows just why she is in such high demand as a songwriter these days.
It sounds a bit like another song I know in certain places, but I just can't put my finger on what it is…
Sia – My Love
ytaudio(YWeWxOnra8M)
—
Bat For Lashes doesn't just appear as a solo act on her offering, she has enlisted the help of alternative singer/songwriter Beck.
Haunting vocals from both performers (Natasha Khan was responsible for the lyrics) adds to the powerful electronic backing music (which naturally Beck was in charge of).
Beck & Bat For Lashes – Let's Get Lost
ytaudio(L9E97qrgsxE)
In a shocking incident of violence in Delhi, two Nigerian nationals were assaulted after one of them protested and scolded a child for throwing a water balloon at him in a West Delhi locality. According to a report in Indian Express, they were attacked by 12 men on Sunday, and the police registered a case 24 hours later, after seniors intervened.
One of the victims,Evwrirhe Isaac was quoted saying “We are so scared… we are staying in my friend's home and planning to leave this area. But we will fight and will try to get justice,” one of the victims, Evwrirhe Isaac, told The Indian Express.
According to the report, Isaac was angered by a boy throwing a water balloon at him, and reprimanded him. He said: “Within minutes, some people knocked on my door and began shouting. They then barged inside, ransacked my home and assaulted me and my roommate Aliyu Abdul.”
“They were hitting me… I pleaded with them to spare my life. I somehow managed to free myself and ran towards the balcony. They chased me and pushed me from the second floor of the building,” he said.
His roommate Abdul was also assaulted even though he told them that he wasn't with Isaac during the incident.
(Read: Racist mob attacks Tanzanian girl - why India won't outrage about it)
Cruz, Trump to hold anti-Iran deal rally in D.C.
Though they're rivals on the campaign trail, Ted Cruz and Donald Trump are teaming up for a joint attack on President Barack Obama's nuclear deal with Iran.
The Texas GOP senator's campaign announced Thursday that he's invited Trump to join a rally planned at the Capitol soon to pressure lawmakers on opposing the nuclear agreement. The rally is sponsored by Tea Party Patriots, Center for Security Policy, and the Zionist Organization of America.
Story Continued Below
“We are thankful for all their hard work on this effort and will have more details on time, date, and location as they are finalized,” the Cruz campaign said.
Trump hinted that an event was coming earlier Thursday, telling supporters at a campaign event in South Carolina: “I think we're going to do something next week or the week after about the Iran pact” in Washington.
“We're going to have a tremendous crowd come out,” Trump promised.
Morton Klein, president of the Zionist Organization of America, said the rally is tentatively slated for Sept. 9. He said he welcomed Trump's involvement and the attention he would bring to the Iran agreement's opposition.
“Anybody who's in public life and opposed to the deal, it's useful to have them speak out and oppose this catastrophe,” Klein said. “It's not a bad deal, it's a catastrophe. Every American should be freaking out about arming and funding the Hitler of the day.”
Katie Glueck contributed to this report.
As “death star platforms” such as Airbnb and Uber continue their pursuit of global domination, an alternative is rising in its wake.
Platform cooperatives, which share the value they create with the users they depend on, are on the rise. As Shareable co-founder Neal Gorenflo writes in How Platform Co-ops Can Beat Death Stars Like Uber to Create a Real Sharing Economy, “Platform coops combine a cooperative business structure with an online platform to deliver a real-world service.”
Gorenflo asks, “What if Uber was owned and governed by its drivers? What if Airbnb was owned and governed by its hosts?” We don't have to wait to find out. A growing number of platform cooperatives are making their presence known on a global scale. Below are just 11 platform co-ops that are changing the way people organize, run businesses, create value, and share the wealth. There are many more.
1. Fairmondo
Fairmondo is a digital, co-operative version of eBay, where sellers on the platform are also its owners. Launched by Felix Weth in Germany in 2013, the platform is, as Chelsea Rustrum writes, “rooted in an ethos of open source, open innovation, and a commons-based society. It has funded itself through a series of successful crowdfunding campaigns that have raised hundreds of thousands of Euros in member equity.”
To scale globally, the Fairmondo team plans to create an international network of country-based co-ops feeding into the Fairmondo platform.
2. Stocksy
Stocksy is a stock photo site where contributing photographers are also owners. A “highly curated collection” of royalty-free stock photos, the platform is a cooperative that believes in creative integrity, fair profit sharing, co-ownership, and every voice being heard. It's a new twist on traditional co-ops. As they state on the website, “Think more artist respect and support, and less patchouli.”
Contributing Stocksy photographers receive 50% of a Standard License Purchase and 75% of an Extended License Purchase. Every Stocksy contributor receives a share of the company.
3. Backfeed
Backfeed is a platform to create platform cooperatives, all powered by the blockchain. Backfeed bills itself as, "a social operating system for decentralized organizations." It enables massive, open-source collaboration without central coordination. Using a blockchain-based operating system, the Israeli company's infrastructure comprises decentralized management tools, equity-sharing schemes, crowdsourcing mechanisms, and instruments for the collaborative evaluation and curation of content.
With a goal to enable the bootstrapping of decentralized organizations on top of the blockchain as easily as deploying a website, Backfeed can fuel a variety of ventures, including “decentralized journalism, insurance, ride-sharing applications and any other enterprise that would benefit from the decentralized, indirect coordination of large groups of individuals.”
4. Juno
Photo: Nancy Xu (CC-BY)
A ridesharing company that is taking on Uber, Juno has reserved 50% of its equity for platform drivers. The company is being built by an experienced team of startup veterans, including founder Talmon Marco, who sold his messaging app Viber to Rakuten for $900 million, and is well-funded with backing coming from Viber founders rather than outside VCs.
The New York City-based startup, which recently launched service in the Big Apple, is reportedly only taking a 10% commission of each ride (Uber takes 20-35%), and is giving drivers the option to be contractors or employees (if they want to be exclusive to Juno).
5. Union Taxi
Union Taxi in Denver, Colorado, a driver-owned taxi cooperative, represents a growing trend. Drivers are increasingly organizing taxi cooperatives for better pay and working conditions than what traditional taxi companies and Uber can offer. They also must compete successfully. Union Taxi appears to be doing both. They offer a convenient service with e-hailing (like Uber) and driver ownership and control of the business.
CWA (Communications Workers of America) Local 7777 helped the drivers form the cooperative and plays an ongoing support role. By driving for Union, cab drivers cut their car lease rate by two-thirds. As Lisa Bolton, president of the union told Shareable, “By far, the biggest advantage was the lease rate." This enabled drivers to work less, "which gives them more time at home. They were taking home a lot more of their money that they were making, and everybody was contributing the same amount to the business.”
PDX Yellow Cab is a similar taxi cooperative in Portland, Oregon, where Somali cab drivers broke away from traditional cab companies to form their own—the first major Somali-owned business in Portland. Union Cab Cooperative in Portland is also fairly new (pictured above), though neither cooperative offer e-hailing yet.
6. VTC Cab
After Uber cut fares across Paris, some of its drivers created a competing service, VTC Cab. Modeled after Uber, the ride-sharing platform aims to give drivers more control over their business and provide passengers an opportunity to support a French company.
As the app's founder, Mohammed Radi, told the Verge, "We want to re-establish and regain our rights over Uber. Uber is not representative of our community... They are a technology company which has no connection with the world of transportation. So they treat human beings like a number — you know, like a figure on a computer. And being a number, as a driver, it's a very bad feeling."
7. Modo
Modo is a Vancouver-based consumer car sharing co-op. Launched in 1997, with just two cars and 16 members, Modo has grown to 16,000 members and a fleet of over 500 sports cars, sedans, trucks, SUVs, vans and hybrids—all available to share at $4/hour through a smartphone app and website. Member-owners are shareholding members of the co-op which means they get a vote as well as the best rates for carsharing.
8. Timefounder
Timefounder is a “fair and elegant equity split system where you will love to wake up and work on projects you will end up owning with the rest of the team members.” The app allows founders to be fair with the people who invest time in a project and allows experts to invest time in projects and get future shares or others benefits. Based in Barcelona, the Timefounder team aims to "enable collaboration with fair equity split."
9. Enspiral
Enspiral is a collective of social enterprises and freelancers that makes, uses, and distributes free apps for decision making and budgeting. Based in New Zealand, the platform, which is self-described as a “sort of 'DIY' social enterprise support network,” has a goal to help their organization, as well as other organizations and movements, run democratically. As the website states, “If you're an independent, entrepreneurial person with a deep commitment to service and social change and want to discover your own way to have an impact alongside like-minded people, Enspiral is fertile ground.”
10. Tapazz
Tapazz is a peer to peer carsharing co-op in Belgium. A recognized cooperative company, it enables shareholders who believe in the company's social mission (to ensure a sustainable mobility society) to participate in its growth. Shareholders can invest, produce and create a transparent structure to ensure sustainable mobility. As an added bonus, Tapazz “offers space for co-creating and collaboration, so it really is a business of everyone.”
11. Peerby
Peerby is a Dutch neighbor-to-neighbor goods sharing platform. The company recently raised $2.2 million from users in a recent crowdfunding campaign, which makes users the biggest shareholder class. UPDATE: users are the biggest class of investor, though most shares still held by founders and employees.
A certified B corp, Peerby plans to use the funds, which surpasses the total venture capital dollars the startup raised previously and makes it one of the most successful international crowdfunding campaigns ever, for product development and international expansion of a new business model named Peerby Go, with a specific focus on the UK and North America.
What are your favorite platform co-ops? Please share in the comments.
UPDATE, May 26, 2016: We've gotten a few comments that some of the above selections aren't cooperatives in the strict legal sense. That is true. Some companies are in the process of becoming cooperatives (or blockchain versions of that like Backfeed), operate with cooperative principles (Enspiral), or are sharing the wealth more than their tech peers (Juno and Peerby). We want to point out and encourage a trend toward more sharing of value and power in tech companies. We, like others in the sharing community, use the term "platform cooperative" in a non-legal way to encompass such efforts.
CLOSE More than 1,000 men and women march in Newark on Donald Trump's first full day in office on Saturday, Jan. 21, 2017. William Bretzger/The News Journal
Buy Photo Marchers stretch along Willa Road during the Newark Women's March held in conjunction with the Washington, D.C., event Saturday. (Photo: William Bretzger/The News Journal)Buy Photo
As a women's march in the nation's capital swelled to half a million people on Donald Trump's first full day in office, another march through the streets of Newark also attracted huge crowds.
Over 1,000 men and women stretched through the city to send a message that women's rights are human rights – regardless of who takes the presidency. All wanted their voices heard on issues ranging from reproductive rights to equal pay to immigration.
"This is a really positive response to the frustration of what everyone is feeling," said North Wilmington resident Michele Sands. "There is no sense in continuing to be upset and complaining. This is the way we can show we support our country."
Cities all over the world saw similar gatherings Saturday that coincided with the Women's March on Washington. The march began as a plea by a Hawaii grandmother who went on a popular political group on Facebook and wrote that she wanted to march. Within only a few weeks, her action led to an event that drew even more people than the inauguration a day earlier.
Buy Photo Marchers get set to leave the Unitarian Universalist Fellowship of Newark during the Newark Women's March held in conjunction with the Washington, D.C., event Saturday. (Photo: William Bretzger/The News Journal)
Many Delawareans traveled to the capital march, but local "sister marches" at the Unitarian Universalist Fellowship of Newark and in Lewes made it easier for those who could not travel.
That was the case for Jackie Kook. The Pike Creek teacher wanted to take her 11-year-old daughter, Caitlin, to the main march, but as it got closer, she worried about her daughter seeing violence if the march or counter-protests did not remain peaceful.
RELATED: Delaware women march on Washington
RELATED: Sister marches coinciding with Women's March on D.C.
RELATED: Aerial images of marches show massive turnout​
She decided to take Caitlin and her three other children to the Newark march. As they snaked down Willa Road near the start, they held up signs saying "Power to the People" and "Love Trumps Hate" decorated with light-up stickers.
"I want my kids to know that we are all equal," she said. "We are not all the same, but we are all equal and should have the same rights as each other."
Caitlin understood the message her mother was trying to convey and said she also wanted to march for those who do not have the same rights she does, including one student in her fifth-grade class who became emotional and feared for her family as their class watched Trump's inauguration live on television.
"We are all equal, and we cannot just say, 'Oh that person is different from me so I don't like them,'" Caitlin said.
Many at the march said they came not to show any hatred for Trump, but instead to show kindness and empathy to all in the world after a particularly ugly campaign. Their signs portrayed that message with taglines like "Love Not Hate Makes America Great" and "Marching for My Future."
Buy Photo Marchers make their way along South College Avenue during the Newark Women's March held in conjunction with the Washington, D.C., event Saturday. (Photo: William Bretzger/The News Journal)
Joyce Hayes of Newark walked a portion of the route carrying a sign that said "Peace, Respect and Dignity for All." When she was unable to walk further because of a recent knee replacement, she encouraged those at the start by telling them that the line of people was stretching all the way to Main Street.
"I just don't like the fact that our society has become so divided and that prejudice is becoming acceptable," she said.
Sands agreed as she walked the 2.4-mile route down Main Street and South College Avenue, before ending back at the church.
"There are a lot of people who may be affected by the changes more than I am," Sands said. "But I want to be able to support those people and let them know that we want to have a kind nation, a welcoming nation."
A march is held in Tanzania on Saturday, Jan. 21, 2017. (Photo: Courtesy of Shane Palko)
Some Delawareans ventured far from home to participate in women's marches all over the world. Shane Palko, an alternative folk musician based in Delaware, was booked to play a concert at the Slow Leopard in Dar Es Salaam, Tanzania, as part of his international tour for his new album “Seventh Story” when he heard about an expatriate organizing a women's march.
“While my music is not blatantly political or activist in nature, I am a person of action,” he said.
Palko said the march on Saturday drew approximately 220 people who walked on Msasani Road, passing the headquarters of many international establishments.
Palko said the current political climate dissuades Tanzanian residents from protesting. For this reason, the marchers were careful to conduct the event in a culturally appropriate way.
“It took courage to march, but each marcher knew that they were a part of something bigger than themselves – unique and bold in Tanzania, and among the masses, worldwide,” he said.
A march is held in Tanzania on Saturday, Jan. 21, 2017. (Photo: Courtesy of Shane Palko)
The gathering provides a message of positivity and hope for all in Tanzania.
“We wanted to celebrate and support women,” Palko said. “Change is accomplished by positive action, not by negative words. We marched for marginalized women in Tanzania and to show our support of other marchers around the globe.”
“We march not against anything; we march in solidarity with millions of others around the world for positive change and the continuation of progress in these unsure times.”
A march is held in Tanzania on Saturday, Jan. 21, 2017. (Photo: Courtesy of Shane Palko)
Downstate, many Delawareans gathered at Cape Henlopen State Park along the Lewes beach for a walk, rather than a march, of solidarity.
A week before the marches, Nancy Powell thought to have a gathering at the beach to coincide with the various protests happening throughout the nation. Powell said she initially sent an email out to about 12 to 15 people. On Saturday morning, nearly 300 people showed up.
Called “Solidarity on the Shore,” Powell's only request to was keep the atmosphere “very casual.” The stroll offered locals an opportunity to converse with new and familiar faces. There was no shouting and no speeches, Powell said, but ideas were exchanged on many local, state and nationwide issues, including women's rights.
Like many marches throughout the nation, people of all ages came out and supported Powell's gathering of peace that began at 11 a.m. and lasted a little over an hour.
“I was very pleased that people came out for solidarity but were very respectful,” Powell said. “I think we had a nice and enjoyable morning at the beach.”
Contact Jessica Masulli Reyes at (302) 324-2777, jmreyes@delawareonline.com or Twitter @JessicaMasulli.
Read or Share this story: http://delonline.us/2jKEO2x
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
“Appalling” graffiti mocking the Hillsborough disaster and slating Liverpool FC fans has been written on a toilet wall in Anfield Stadium's main stand which are being used by builders on the site.
The slurs included disgusting comments about the 96 victims of the Hillsborough Disaster .
A spokesperson for Carillion, the construction firm building the stand's extension, apologised to the families and friends of those at Hillsborough and said the graffiti had now been removed.
It contained horrific references to Hillsborough, which the ECHO has decided not to publish out of respect to the families and survivors, alongside “dirty scousers”, “We'll never die”, and “MUFC” all scrawled on the wall in black pen.
A Carillion spokesperson said: “As soon as this appalling graffiti came to our attention we had it removed from the toilet block.
“The block is used by sub-contractors working on the site. We have instructed all our sub-contractors to make it clear to their people that such behaviour is unacceptable and that anyone found to be responsible for such graffiti will be removed from the site and not allowed on any other Carillion site.
“We have spoken to Liverpool Football Club and expressed our disappointment that this has happened.
“We would like to apologise to the families and friends of those involved in the terrible events at Hillsborough for any distress caused.
“Our people work closely with LFC and the local community and hope this unpleasant incident will not sour the good relationship we have established.”
April's inquest verdict found the 96 Liverpool fans were unlawfully killed in Hillsborough Disaster after a series of failures.
A landmark verdict found those who died in the disaster were victims of gross negligence at the hands of match commander David Duckenfield,
The decision brought an end to a 27 year battle for the truth waged by campaigners following the 1989 tragedy.
David Mullen, founder of Facebook group YNWA and Justice for the 96, sent the pictures to the ECHO after a member posted them in shock.
David said: “We received this news which made me sick in the stomach. I hope in future people will less be likely to mock our 96 and the great club of Liverpool.”
It has been more than fifteen years since companies like Monsanto began intense efforts to export agricultural biotechnology from the United States to the fields of Europe and the United Kingdom. The battle continues to this day. Few opponents have been more militant or effective than Mark Lynas, one of the first people to break into fields that scientists had planted with genetically modified test crops—and then rip them out of the ground.
In 1999, shortly after a London protest against poverty turned into a riot, Lynas published an article for the journal of the radical environmental group, EarthFirst!, in which he wrote that, as we entered a new millennium, two forces—a powerful coalition of multinationals and “strong social movements across the Third World''—were on a “global collision course.'' The agendas “of these two competing forces,'' he wrote, ‘'were utterly irreconcilable.” The title of his article was “Savages Strike a Blow Against Capitalism,” and he was proud to count himself among the savages.
For years, Lynas clung to what can only be described as a religious conviction that g.m. foods were unnatural. It never mattered to him that dozens of scientific organizations, including the British Royal Academy and the National Academy of Sciences in the U.S., had studied the issue and had come to the opposite conclusion. “In my view, the technology moves entirely in the wrong direction,” he wrote in the Guardian, in 2008, “intensifying human technological manipulation of nature when we should be aiming at a more holistic ecological approach instead.”
But Lynas has written widely, and thoughtfully, about climate change, and he came to realize that he would need to rely on science to bolster his positions in a world filled with skeptics. As it turns out, it's hard to limit a firm belief in science to one discipline. So he began to look at the science of agriculture, too. What he found changed his position and his life; and if a sufficient number of environmentalists listen to him, it may help change the lives of millions of others.
Last week, at the Oxford Farming Conference, Lynas described how he reversed himself. Read his speech or watch the video. Better yet, do both, because his urgent statement of support for genetically engineered products was about as likely as the National Rifle Association announcing that it would help the Obama Administration limit access to guns. The speech was exhaustive and heartfelt. “I want to start with some apologies,” he said. “For the record, here and upfront, I apologize for having spent several years ripping up g.m. crops. I am also sorry that I helped to start the anti-g.m. movement back in the mid-nineties, and that I thereby assisted in demonizing an important technological option which can be used to benefit the environment. As an environmentalist, and someone who believes that everyone in this world has a right to a healthy and nutritious diet of their choosing, I could not have chosen a more counter-productive path. I now regret it completely.”
He added that the opposition to g.m. was explicitly an anti-science movement. “What really threw me were some of the comments underneath my final anti-g.m. Guardian article. In particular one critic said to me: so you're opposed to g.m. on the basis that it is marketed by big corporations. Are you also opposed to the wheel because it is marketed by the big auto companies? So I did some reading. And I discovered that one by one my cherished beliefs about g.m. turned out to be little more than green urban myths.”
He addresses those myths in the speech:
• I'd assumed that it would increase the use of chemicals. It turned out that pest-resistant cotton and maize needed less insecticide. • I'd assumed that g.m. benefited only the big companies. It turned out that billions of dollars of benefits were accruing to farmers needing fewer inputs. • I'd assumed that Terminator Technology was robbing farmers of the right to save seed. It turned out that hybrids did that long ago, and that Terminator never happened.
It would not have been hard to discover some of these facts earlier. Many people have written about them. The “Terminator,” for example, was a a set of molecular switches with the ability to turn a plant's genes on and off. The final switch would release a toxic protein that would sterilize the genes and prevent that plant from reproducing. In 2000, in a Profile of Robert Shapiro, then the chairman of Monsanto and the most vocal, eloquent, and detested advocate of g.m. technology, I wrote that “though the technology does not yet exist, and nobody can say for sure whether it would even work, or when, Shapiro announced that Monsanto would not pursue, develop, or ever use the Terminator.” That was more than a decade ago, yet I am still asked constantly how I can support a technology that is essentially devoted to allowing large corporations to make Terminator seeds.
Lynas began his conversion two years ago and he stressed issues that have been written about often. Within the next thirty years we will need to feed at least nine billion people and we will have fewer resources—almost no new arable land, less potable water per person—than we do today. That will require growing more food than has been grown in all of human history. And it will have to be done in a climate that is changing rapidly—and not for the better.
Lynas now refers to the argument that we can only save the earth and feed its people by using organic food as “simplistic nonsense.”
If you think about it, the organic movement is at its heart a rejectionist one,” he continued. “It doesn't accept many modern technologies on principle. Like the Amish in Pennsylvania, who froze their technology with the horse and cart in 1850, the organic movement essentially freezes its technology in somewhere around 1950, and for no better reason.
Lynas is wrong, I am convinced, about something else he wrote: that the interests of the rich and developing parts of this planet can never be reconciled. They will have to be. Technology alone won't do it; technology has never solved a problem—people solve problems. And we have always done that with the tools we have made. Agricultural biotechnology is one of those tools, one of many. It is essential, but it is not enough. We will need it all, and that includes the optimism to sustain humanity's undeniable history of progress.
But there are plenty of optimists among us. Robert Shapiro, who was essentially deposed from Monsanto for arguing exactly what Lynas did at Oxford last week, is among them. “I remain an unrepentant techno-optimist,” he wrote to me yesterday. “I believe that on the whole, over large numbers and long times, truth has a better than random chance of prevailing—and I think that is our only hope.”
Lynas has already been attacked for his new views, and I can promise him that the hail has just begun to fall. It's not easy to change your mind fundamentally; it's harder still to do it so publicly. Who is willing to go next?
Illustration by Joost Swarte
For the second time in three years, NVIDIA received this week a coveted PACE Award – the automotive industry's equivalent to the Academy Award – this time for the DRIVE PX 2 AI car computer, a platform for building self-driving cars.
The PACE Awards, are judged by a panel of independent industry experts and given by Automotive News. They recognize “superior innovation, technological advancement and business performance,” according to the publication.
A total of 13 awards were given at a black-tie gala in Detroit to a dozen international companies. NVIDIA, the only non-traditional auto supplier to be honored, is seen as a transformative force in the transportation industry, leading the way toward safer, more enjoyable driving.
DRIVE PX 2 enables automakers and tier 1 suppliers to accelerate production of automated and autonomous vehicles. It scales from a palm-sized, energy efficient module for AutoCruise capabilities, to a powerful AI supercomputer capable of autonomous driving.
It can understand in real-time what's happening 360 degrees around the vehicle, precisely locate itself on an HD map, and plan a safe path forward by combining deep learning, sensor fusion, and surround vision.
Among NVIDIA's growing list of partners working on autonomous driving technology are automakers and truckmakers such as Tesla, Audi, Volvo, and PACCAR, as well as suppliers such as Bosch and ZF.
NVIDIA received its first PACE award in 2015 for its Tegra Visual Computing Module, designed to help automakers integrate cutting-edge mobile technology into their vehicles.
4,000 UW student employees to strike
More than 4,000 student employees at University of Washington are set to strike for better wages and conditions following a 90% majority vote, the union UAW 4121 announced yesterday.
The strike primarily includes graduate students who teach undergraduate classes, which will leave a large portion of UW classes without an instructor.
University of Washington
“Such a result was not unexpected,” says Norm Arkans, the associate vice president of UW.
The strike vote comes on the heels of a protest at a Board of Regents meeting earlier this month. The protest was led by a coalition of 21 groups within the college — including UAW 4121— titled Reclaim UW. Protesters sought higher wages, better working conditions, a more diverse faculty and a tuition freeze for undergraduate and graduate students.
While the university is already working to reconcile its policy with some of these demands, others may be out of reach, Arkans says.
“It was a pretty full cornucopia of demands,” Arkans says. “I don't know where the conversation will go from here.”
Yesterday's vote results give UAW 4121 the authority to call for a strike if it is unable to negotiate a new contract before the current one expires on April 30.
Last week, the graduate and undergraduate deans of UW delivered a letter to the union informing its members that their contract prohibits work stoppages and that a strike would be illegal under Washington state law. The union called the letter a form of intimidation and issued a response, clarifying that strikes by public employees are a grey area under state law — they're neither guaranteed nor prohibited.
Arkans says his greatest concern is the impact of 4,000 vacant academic employee positions on UW's undergraduates.
“We would of course make every effort to minimize the impact on undergraduates, that's our top concern,” Arkans says.
Mackenzie Barton-Rowledge, a member of Reclaim UW, says that while the group has no centralized leadership, the overall goals of their varied requests are rooted in the same principle.
“Our demands center people above bureaucracy, basic needs above impotent formal complaint structures, and a more equitable distribution of wealth as a fundamental tenant in a healthy society,” says Barton-Rowledge.
On April 8, nearly 100 members of Reclaim UW interrupted a Board of Regents dinner with chants of “UW, you can't hide! We can see your greedy side!” and “Education is a right! Not just for the rich and white!” Police and regents tried repeatedly to regain control over the meeting, but were shouted down. After about 20 minutes, the board relocated to a different room.
Before leaving, the board heard the list of demands from Reclaim UW alongside personal stories from the protesters.
“The passion we bring to the table is born of deeply personal experience and of empathy for one another, and those things will not flare out in a few weeks or months,” Barton-Rowledge says.
Reclaim UW submitted a letter to the Board of Regents spelling out its short-term and long-term demands, including:
Freeze or reduce the cost of tuition/fees, as well as rent at Housing and Food Service facilities, for all UW undergraduate and graduate students
Pay all campus workers at least $15 per hour
Provide affordable and accessible childcare for all university staff, faculty, and students
Maintain or increase full-time levels for UW workers paid less than $100,000 annually and restore all custodial staff cut in 2008
Waive tuition payment requirements for all academically-mandated internships
Establish a Racial Equity Fund to allocate a pool of money to provide services of specific interest to minority communities
Provide more internet-accessible budget transparency
Expand the direct power of students and non-administrative staff
Arkans says that the university has taken steps to ease some of these concerns, but many have yet to be discussed. Arkans says that the university has taken steps to ease some of these concerns, but many have yet to be discussed.
“We decided last March to keep our housing prices the same. We've also taken the initial step… to increase all our student workers up to $11,” Arkans says.
Similar strikes at universities around the country have produced varied results. When graduate students at University of Oregon picketed for higher wages and better health benefits last December, they earned a 9% wage increase, but their health benefits remained tightly restricted. The strike also had a negative impact on undergraduate final exams. When 700 custodial employees at Boston University threatened a strike in October, they were able to negotiate a new contract with a 10% percent raise.
In a press release, the union made it clear that a short-term battle would be well worth the inconvenience in order to implement lasting change.
“The message from our members is clear: the cost of living in Seattle is rising sharply, and we cannot afford additional fees or loss of benefits in the salaries we make today,” said Bargaining Committee member Robin Gold in the release. “And we are prepared to act together and do what it takes to secure a contract that ASEs (Academic Student Employees) can afford to live on.”
Calley Hair is a student at Washington State University and a spring 2015 USA TODAY Collegiate Correspondent.
This story originally appeared on the USA TODAY College blog, a news source produced for college students by student journalists. The blog closed in September of 2017.
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2P7EZSJ
Since a July 24 Facebook post, Robbie has gotten thousands upon thousands of photos of rainbows sent to him from across the globe
What to Know Robbie's mom died May 2; his dad died May 24, and his aunt became his legal guardian a day after that
According to aunt Crystal Skawinski, 9-year-old Robbie loves rainbows -- and Skawinski asked for help making him smile
Since a July 24 Facebook post, Robbie has gotten thousands upon thousands of photos of rainbows sent to him from across the globe
Robbie, a 9-year-old boy with autism from upstate New York, loves rainbows -- and when his parents died weeks apart -- his aunt, now his legal guardian, asked the world for help making him smile.
The world responded.
Crystal Skawinski has been Robbie's legal guardian since May 25, a day after his father died of an overdose and 23 days after his mother lost a long battle with a gasteoparisis and cystic fibrosis. Skawinski says Robbie has been told his parents went over the rainbow bridge -- and he looks for them eagerly. So on July 24, Skawinski put a post on Facebook soliciting rainbow photos from around the world.
As of Friday, she had gotten nearly 6,000. And Skawinski says she has been floored by the touching responses.
"I'm speechless. This doesn't happen to regular people," she wrote on Facebook early Sunday. "Thanks big sis for making your son a part of the world and to touch thousands of hearts. We miss you guys SO much. Hope you are enjoying Heaven!"
Skawinski also pledged to make her sister and brother-in-law proud as a parent to their little boy.
The latest salvoes for the Unionist cause are aimed at the uncertainty regarding the defence commitments, specifically naval, of an independent Scotland ("Salmond warned of defence 'disaster'", The Herald, December 31).
There is a serious problem regarding the Unionist predictions, even those made by apparently experienced personnel. The assumption is made that Scotland will continue to operate UK strategies, and will consequently be unable to pay for these. But is this assumption true?
When we examine in detail UK defence strategy we can see that this is based on a post-imperial, post-colonial, global outlook. This requires high cost commitments, in the form of a nuclear submarine fleet, aircraft and assault carriers, with their support units, long-range aircraft, intercontinental missiles and a network of overseas bases capable of supporting all three armed services.
This is the defence strategy to which the Scottish taxpayer contributes at present, but this is not the only way of looking at defence. Most European countries have a different defence model, one based on defending the homeland in the context of the European continent and North Atlantic rather than a complete global strategy. Global action is usually undertaken within United Nations, EU or similar umbrella organisations.
Denmark has a population similar to Scotland, and has defence commitments in the North Atlantic to the Faroe Islands and Greenland. For this, the Danes have a deep-water navy consisting of six frigates and six long-range patrol boats, some of which carry missiles. These ships have all been built in Danish yards and are based in two naval bases, in Fredrickshavn and Korsor.
The UK Royal Navy has 44 major units, 16 of which are directly related to global strategy (nuclear submarines and aircraft/assault carriers). There are only 28 vessels of destroyer or frigate class, and some of these are due to be decommissioned. This represents about five times the size of the comparable Danish navy, yet the UK is a country 12 times the size of Denmark.
So what about defence in an independent Scotland? If the SNP were to advocate a global defence strategy, then Unionist predictions would possibly be correct. If the SNP advocated a defence on the European model, what would be the outcome? Firstly, Scotland's "share" of the 28 suitable vessels would be, at most, three ships – far too small for Scotland's needs. A Scottish navy would have to embark on a shipbuilding programme to construct approximately nine vessels. It is of note that the destroyer HMS Daring took six years from laying the keel to commissioning, so the construction of nine similar ships would ensure sufficient work in the Scottish naval yards for some considerable time.
Scotland has only one base, Rosyth, suitable for purpose. Rather than closing Faslane, as the Unionists predict, it is clear from Danish comparisons that Faslane would have to be redeveloped from a nuclear submarine base to one designed for the Atlantic fleet.
All of this is conjecture, and depends on political decisions. To assume that England will be a benevolent neighbour, sharing shipyards and bases, is not tenable. From the tone of your article, it is clear that much of Westminster, and probably all of Whitehall, would see a Scotland becoming independent as little more than an act of treachery, and will be most reluctant to do anything which will benefit Scotland. The main political decisions have to be taken in Edinburgh. The victory of the SNP in 2011 was due to a political viewpoint which was both visionary and clear thinking, reducing the arguments of opponents to obstructionism and pettiness. If the SNP hope to win an independence referendum, they must adopt similar strategies.
D MacRae,
38 Marchfield Avenue, Paisley.
Amid Lord West's comments about defence industries which have been shrinking rapidly over the past 20 years, I note the even sillier comment from Jim Murphy: "The public deserve to know how we would defend ourselves ... and how many aircraft carriers we would have."
Shouldn't Jim Murphy, as defence spokesperson, tell us what defence does Britain's military give us, given that Scottish taxpayers are paying for it?
We had Russian naval vessels camping in Scottish territorial waters and supposedly discharging waste into the Moray Firth, and where was the Royal Navy monitoring vessel?
In the absence of Nimrods, was there any good quality aerial surveillance? Probably not.
As for aircraft carriers, Britain does not have any effective aircraft carrier until we have completed the construction of the two new aircraft carriers whose main justification seems to be the important jobs they are maintaining at Govan and Rosyth. Even when completed one is going into mothballs, and the other may not have any aircraft on it.
Scotland's territorial and maritime defence would be best served by making Scotland its own aircraft carrier with aircraft based at Lossiemouth and Leuchars and supported by a fleet of fast, efficient modern vessels. At least in the face of a terrorist attack on a west of Shetland oil field, with no Royal Navy or SAS based in Scotland, we would not have to ask Norway to send a vessel to our assistance.
George Leslie,
North Glassock, Fenwick.
By RENALDO DORSETT
Tribune Sports Reporter
rdorsett@tribunemedia.net
THE Bahamas is set to become the focus of the international basketball community as the NBA hosts its vaunted Basketball Without Borders programme in the capital.
As he spends his offseason training preparing for his sophomore season with the Sacramento Kings and hosting camps across the globe, Buddy Hield - the biggest name in Bahamian basketball - cited the impact the event can have.
“The passion for the NBA and the game of basketball is very strong in the Caribbean. Having the Basketball without Borders Americas in my home, the Bahamas, for the first time ever this July is a great way to continue to grow the game and help youth basketball development in the region.”
The group of student-athletes to represent the Bahamas at the event includes three boys - Dominic Bridgewater (Anatol Rodgers Timberwolves), Samuel Hunter (British Colombia Prep Panthers) and Derryn Johnson (St Anne's Blue Waves) and two girls - Briontae Riley (Doris Johnson Mystic Marlins) and Diondrea Nixon (Tabernacle Baptist Falcons).
“On behalf of the Bahamas Basketball Federation, I'd like to thank the NBA and FIBA for bringing Basketball without Borders to the Bahamas for the first time,” said BBF President Charles Robins.
“We're looking forward to welcoming some of the best young basketball players from across North and South America to Nassau in July for what will be a truly historic event.”
Basketball Without Borders will feature the top 66 boys and girls from 16 countries and territories who will travel to the Bahamas for the ninth edition of the BWB Americas Camp. The camp will be held July 5-8 at the Kendal Isaacs Gymnasium.
It marks the first time that the NBA and FIBA's global basketball development and community outreach programme will be held in the Bahamas. Nike will serve as the official partner.
Said Brooks Meek, NBA vice president of International Basketball Operations and head of Elite Basketball: “Bringing Basketball without Borders to new locations is part of our continued commitment to growing the game of basketball around the world. In partnership with FIBA and the Bahamas Basketball Federation, we're looking forward to hosting North and South America's top male and female prospects in the Bahamas this July and giving back to the local community.”
NBA and FIBA players and coaches, including J.J. Barea (Dallas Mavericks; Puerto Rico), Dwight Powell (Dallas Mavericks; Canada) and Sasha Vujacic (New York Knicks; Slovenia), will coach the high school age campers. Barea, Powell and Vujacic, will be joined by WNBA Legend Ebony Hoffman (US).
Yesterday, the BWB Americas camp also added Tiago Splitter (Philadelphia 76ers; Brazil), Anderson Varejao (13-year NBA veteran; Brazil) and former NBA player Acie Law (US) to the camp staff
Current NBA assistant coaches James Borrego (San Antonio Spurs), Jim Boylan (Cleveland Cavaliers), Darvin Ham (Atlanta Hawks) and David Vanterpool (Portland Trail Blazers) will also serve as BWB Americas coaches.
Patrick Hunt (President of the World Association of Basketball Coaches; Australia) and Ronald Cass (FIBA Coach) will serve as camp directors for the boys and girls, respectively. Armando Rivas (Chicago Bulls) will serve as the camp's athletic trainer.
Players and coaches will lead the campers through a variety of activities on and off the court, including movement efficiency, positional skill development, 5-on-5 games and daily life skills seminars focusing on health, leadership and communication. One boy and one girl will be named BWB Americas Camp MVPs at the conclusion of the camp.
FIBA National FederaSports and Sport Director Zoran Radovic said the Bahamas continues to develop as an attractive destination for the sport with its strong resume of events.
“It is a pleasure to bring Basketball without Borders to the Bahamas. In recent years the archipelago has hosted a regular early NCAA season tournament, which shows the growing interest in our sport on these shores. Holding a BWB camp and welcoming the best young talents from across the continent is further proof of the Bahamas Basketball Federation's commitment to reaching and maximizing its basketball potential.”
As he spends his offseason training preparing for his sophomore season with the Sacramento Kings and hosting camps across the globe, Buddy Hield - the biggest name in Bahamian basketball - cited the impact the event can have.
“The passion for the NBA and the game of basketball is very strong in the Caribbean. Having the Basketball without Borders Americas in my home, the Bahamas, for the first time ever this July is a great way to continue to grow the game and help youth basketball development in the region.”
The group of student-athletes to represent the Bahamas at the event includes three boys - Dominic Bridgewater (Anatol Rodgers Timberwolves), Samuel Hunter (British Colombia Prep Panthers) and Derryn Johnson (St Anne's Blue Waves) and two girls - Briontae Riley (Doris Johnson Mystic Marlins) and Diondrea Nixon (Tabernacle Baptist Falcons).
“On behalf of the Bahamas Basketball Federation, I'd like to thank the NBA and FIBA for bringing Basketball without Borders to the Bahamas for the first time,” said BBF President Charles Robins.
“We're looking forward to welcoming some of the best young basketball players from across North and South America to Nassau in July for what will be a truly historic event.”
Basketball Without Borders will feature the top 66 boys and girls from 16 countries and territories who will travel to the Bahamas for the ninth edition of the BWB Americas Camp. The camp will be held July 5-8 at the Kendal Isaacs Gymnasium.
It marks the first time that the NBA and FIBA's global basketball development and community outreach programme will be held in the Bahamas. Nike will serve as the official partner.
Said Brooks Meek, NBA vice president of International Basketball Operations and head of Elite Basketball: “Bringing Basketball without Borders to new locations is part of our continued commitment to growing the game of basketball around the world. In partnership with FIBA and the Bahamas Basketball Federation, we're looking forward to hosting North and South America's top male and female prospects in the Bahamas this July and giving back to the local community.”
NBA and FIBA players and coaches, including J.J. Barea (Dallas Mavericks; Puerto Rico), Dwight Powell (Dallas Mavericks; Canada) and Sasha Vujacic (New York Knicks; Slovenia), will coach the high school age campers. Barea, Powell and Vujacic, will be joined by WNBA Legend Ebony Hoffman (US).
Yesterday, the BWB Americas camp also added Tiago Splitter (Philadelphia 76ers; Brazil), Anderson Varejao (13-year NBA veteran; Brazil) and former NBA player Acie Law (US) to the camp staff
Current NBA assistant coaches James Borrego (San Antonio Spurs), Jim Boylan (Cleveland Cavaliers), Darvin Ham (Atlanta Hawks) and David Vanterpool (Portland Trail Blazers) will also serve as BWB Americas coaches.
Patrick Hunt (President of the World Association of Basketball Coaches; Australia) and Ronald Cass (FIBA Coach) will serve as camp directors for the boys and girls, respectively. Armando Rivas (Chicago Bulls) will serve as the camp's athletic trainer.
Players and coaches will lead the campers through a variety of activities on and off the court, including movement efficiency, positional skill development, 5-on-5 games and daily life skills seminars focusing on health, leadership and communication. One boy and one girl will be named BWB Americas Camp MVPs at the conclusion of the camp.
FIBA National FederaSports and Sport Director Zoran Radovic said the Bahamas continues to develop as an attractive destination for the sport with its strong resume of events.
“It is a pleasure to bring Basketball without Borders to the Bahamas. In recent years the archipelago has hosted a regular early NCAA season tournament, which shows the growing interest in our sport on these shores. Holding a BWB camp and welcoming the best young talents from across the continent is further proof of the Bahamas Basketball Federation's commitment to reaching and maximizing its basketball potential.”
CLOSE The extent to which Hillary Clinton used her personal e-mail account for official State Department business is coming under scrutiny following a new report that suggests she violated federal regulations. VPC
In this photo taken Dec. 3, 2014, former Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton speaks at Georgetown University in Washington. (Photo: Carolyn Kaster, AP)
Hillary Clinton's exclusive use of a personal e-mail account to conduct government business during her four-year tenure as secretary of State may have violated federal regulations, The New York Times reported Monday night.
Only official accounts are automatically preserved for public record. The Times said Clinton's aides "took no actions to have her personal emails preserved on department servers at the time, as required by the Federal Records Act."
In December Clinton turned over 55,000 pages of personal e-mails to the State Department, but only after Clinton's aides reviewed them and selected which pages to hand over, the Times reported.
Clinton's spokesman Nick Merrill issued a statement saying that "like Secretaries of State before her, she used her own email account when engaging with any Department officials. For government business, she emailed them on their Department accounts, with every expectation they would be retained. When the Department asked former Secretaries last year for help ensuring their emails were in fact retained, we immediately said yes.
The statement added that "both the letter and spirit of the rules permitted State Department officials to use non-government email, as long as appropriate records were preserved. As a result of State's request for our help to make sure they in fact were, that is what happened here. As the Department stated, it is in the process of updating its record preservation policies to bring them in line with its retention responsibilities."
E-mails from Clinton's personal account sent to people not using government accounts, which would include foreign officials, would not have been automatically kept.
CLOSE White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton followed the e-mail archiving policy outlined by President Obama. VPC
Some Republicans were quick to criticize Clinton, who is considered the favorite to win the Democratic nomination should she choose to become a 2016 presidential candidate.
Jeb Bush, a likely contender for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination, tweeted, "Transparency matters. Unclassified @HillaryClinton emails should be released. You can see mine, here. http://jebbushemails.com," in response to the story.
Transparency matters. Unclassified @HillaryClinton emails should be released. You can see mine, here. http://t.co/wZbtwd8O2j — Jeb Bush (@JebBush) March 3, 2015
"This latest development raises serious questions," Republican National Committee spokesman Michael Short said in a press release. "And it all begs the question: what was Hillary Clinton trying to hide?"
The Times reports that Clinton's exclusive use of a personal e-mail account would have violated the rules and regulations established by the National Archive and Records Administration at the time, but according to The Wall Street Journal the matter is not so clear.
"It is unclear whether Mrs. Clinton's practice ran afoul of federal laws and regulations governing the retention of official records," the Journal says.
The laws and regulations regarding the handling of electronic communications among federal agencies has undergone several changes in recent years, including an amendment to the Federal Records Act that President Obama signed into law in November, 2014. The bill requires that e-mails dealing with official matters that are sent from a personal account must be forwarded to an official account within 20 days.
A September 2013 bulletin from NARA suggests federal employees "should not generally use personal email accounts to conduct official agency business." The bulletin suggests exceptions could be "emergency situations" or on occasions where the employee is contacted through their personal e-mail account.
Both the Federal Records Act amendment and NARA bulletin took effect after Clinton left the State Department in February, 2013.
Clinton's e-mails from her tenure as secretary of State have been of particular interest to the House select committee that has been investigating the 2012 attack on a U.S. diplomatic facility in Benghazi that left four Americans dead. Two weeks ago the State Department handed about 300 of Clinton's e-mails to the Benghazi committee, the Times reports.
Contributing: John Bacon
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1BBfPRT
More than 100 times each year, Portland police label someone a "criminal gang affiliate."
Without a conviction, without an arrest, police can add a flag in their database, putting the person on what amounts to a secret suspects list.
The Oregonian/OregonLive last month received a modified version of the controversial gang list, minus the names, along with letters appealing designations going back to 2012. The Portland Police Bureau tried to keep the records from being released until a reporter appealed to the Multnomah County District Attorney's Office.
The data, while limited in scope, makes possible the first independent look at gang designations in Portland since a federal lawsuit forced the city to enact restrictions on the practice two decades ago.
Critics charge that police use the list to boost surveillance of young men of color based mostly on the social networks they were born into. They say close monitoring of any teenager is likely to turn up some kind of bad behavior, and that disproportionate monitoring of black teens helps ensure they are prosecuted criminally at high rates.
Of the 359 "criminal gang affiliates" flagged in Portland's database as of August, 81 percent were part of a racial or ethnic minority, an analysis by The Oregonian/OregonLive shows. By far the largest block -- 64 percent -- was black, compared with just 7.5 percent of the city's population who are black or black and some other race.
C.J. Robbins, the program coordinator for Black Male Achievement, an organization that has been working to make changes to city policy on gang labels, said he suspected African Americans were overrepresented. But even he was surprised when presented with the data.
"It's shocking," Robbins said.
Portland's policy doesn't say you have to be a gang member to make the list. It uses the term "gang affiliation." But Capt. Mike Krantz, who led the police bureau's Gang Enforcement Team for three years before a recent promotion, said that in practice the words have the same meaning.
Letters from the list
The Oregonian/OregonLive explores what it's like to be on the list of people Portland police have labeled gang members -- and what it's like to try to get off it.
Officers must cite clear and convincing evidence of connections to a criminal gang in the past three years. Police can add someone to the list if the person asserts gang membership, participates in a gang initiation ritual, commits a gang-related crime, or displays two or more observable signs of gang membership.
Police say gang designations keep patrol officers safer because when they run a driver's name, a gang flag signals they should use caution. Police also say tracking gang members is important to solving gang shootings, a crime for which finding witnesses is notoriously hard without good intelligence. Gang officers say the demographics of the list reflect the people involved in those shootings.
"We aren't making the situation, we're just responding to it," Krantz said.
The documents analyzed by The Oregonian/OregonLive include letters that people wrote to police to challenge a pending gang designation and memos in which Gang Enforcement Team supervisors summarized their conclusions after an appeal hearing.
The documents show:
People who challenge a gang designation are more likely than not to prevail.
Police rarely cite a gang-related crime to justify designating someone a gang member.
Almost every time police label someone a gang member, they say the person admitted it.
Lies can land people on the list.
The Oregonian/OregonLive did not have access to officers' write-ups of the evidence they used when deciding to name someone to the list. Portland officials wanted to charge $15,255.69 for those records.
Chances are, not everyone finds out they've been listed.
The bureau sends letters to anyone it proposes to designate a gang member. But the letters aren't sent by certified mail to establish someone received them.
Krantz said if you want to know if you're on Portland's gang list, you can present your ID at the police bureau's North Precinct office and an officer will tell you.
Leaders in Portland's African American community doubt the short-term gains that investigators get outweigh the resentment the list feeds.
Chailen Burton says police mislabeled him a gang member (video) Chailen Burton resents being asked about gangs during every interaction he has with a Portland police officer.
Activists say eliminating or changing the list probably won't end racial profiling of black people in Portland. But they say police stigmatize an entire community by operating as though "gang member," "young black man" and "criminal" are interchangeable.
Keeping the list can solidify gang ties, a kind of self-fulfilling prophecy.
Dontae Blake, now 42, said that in the 1990s he considered being designated a gang member a badge of honor. "At least I was something," Blake said. "At least I was on some kind of list."
Curtis Waters says the gang label haunts him decades later (video) Curtis Waters, now 40, was a gang member in his teens. He says police won't let him shake that identity.
For people trying to separate themselves from a gang and move on, the label and the police scrutiny that comes with it can reinforce inertia.
That's something Anthony Washington, 42, has seen among Portlanders drawn into gangs in the late 1980s and early 1990s, as he was.
"It makes it harder to get out of the quicksand," he said.
Learning to care for pit bulls helped Washington heal the trauma that he says pushed him toward gangs. He now introduces the next generation of boys who may be tempted by gang life to dogs in hopes they will get the same benefit.
Washington takes the boys to dog shows, where they might see their name on the winners' list.
-- Carli Brosseau
cbrosseau@oregonian.com
503-294-5121; @carlibrosseau
Pope Francis told a crowd of 25,000 Sunday that heterosexual marriages are essential for good parenting, Religion News Service reports.
Children need to see their parents work through gender differences, he said. The pope identified differences between men and women as "an integral part of being human," the news service reported.
"Children mature seeing their father and mother like this; their identity matures being confronted with the love their father and mother have, confronted with this difference," Francis said.
His remarks came a day after Rome's gay pride parade where the city's mayor walked alongside thousands of advocates.
Italy is the only Western European county where same-sex marriage and civil unions are still illegal, according to the BBC. Ireland, another overwhelmingly Catholic country, recently became the first nation to legalize same-sex marriage by popular vote, putting pressure on Italians to follow in their European neighbors' footsteps.
Following Ireland's landmark vote, some Italian politicians said it was time to legalize civil unions for same-sex couples. Laura Boldrini, speaker of the Italian Chamber of Deputies, said on Twitter that being European means recognizing rights. Rosie Scammell, writing for the Religion News Service, noted that marriage and gay adoption remain off the table.
The Advocate, an outlet for LGBT news, reported that the pope's Sunday sermon doesn't mesh with scientific studies on same-sex parenting.
"At a time when so many children across our world lack loving, welcoming homes, it is heartbreaking to hear Pope Francis dismiss a whole swath of potential LGBT parents who continue to prove that they are fully capable of providing safe and nurturing environments," Lisbeth Melendez Rivera said in a statement to LGBT Weekly on behalf of the Human Rights Campaign.
The pope likened a long, heterosexual marriage to good wine, saying complementary gender differences make for a more well-rounded and balanced parenting duo.
"What great richness this diversity is, a diversity which becomes complementary, but also reciprocal," Pope Francis said, according to Religion News Service. "It binds them, one to the other."
-- Melissa Binder
mbinder@oregonian.com
503-294-7656
@binderpdx
A gap in an overpass on Highway 1 has drivers worried about their safety.“I thought that was pretty frightening, I mean that could collapse at any minute, it looks like,” said driver Leah Lebow. Lebow said she lives in the area and drives on the overpass near the 404 exit every day.Caltrans said it is looking into the issue but could not confirm if it is a safety hazard. The overpass appears to be separating from the roadbed in one spot on the northbound side of Highway 1.“We are having a bridge engineer go out there today to do an inspection,” said Suzanna Cruz with Caltrans Thursday.Cruz said a report showed movement was detected in the area in 2015 but she could not confirm if it was related to the now visible gap.Caltrans is expecting to release more information about the gap Friday after receiving a report from its bridge engineer.A separate spokesperson with Caltrans, Jim Shivers, said Caltrans has been monitoring the area for movement but declined to say for how long or if there were any safety concerns.The overpass is adjacent to a busy shopping center in Sand City where Target, Home Goods and other stores are located. Highway 1 is one of the main arteries on the Monterey Peninsula.
A gap in an overpass on Highway 1 has drivers worried about their safety.
“I thought that was pretty frightening, I mean that could collapse at any minute, it looks like,” said driver Leah Lebow.
Advertisement
Caitlin Conrad
Lebow said she lives in the area and drives on the overpass near the 404 exit every day.
Caltrans said it is looking into the issue but could not confirm if it is a safety hazard. The overpass appears to be separating from the roadbed in one spot on the northbound side of Highway 1.
“We are having a bridge engineer go out there today to do an inspection,” said Suzanna Cruz with Caltrans Thursday.
Cruz said a report showed movement was detected in the area in 2015 but she could not confirm if it was related to the now visible gap.
Caltrans is expecting to release more information about the gap Friday after receiving a report from its bridge engineer.
A separate spokesperson with Caltrans, Jim Shivers, said Caltrans has been monitoring the area for movement but declined to say for how long or if there were any safety concerns.
Caitlin Conrad
The overpass is adjacent to a busy shopping center in Sand City where Target, Home Goods and other stores are located. Highway 1 is one of the main arteries on the Monterey Peninsula.
AlertMe
http://jamesdjulia.com/item/2684-391/
In the aftermath of WWI the newly-united Poland had a military equipped with a mishmash of leftover light machine guns, from Chauchats to MG 08/15s. They wanted to adopt a new standardized weapon, and trials in the 1920s found the FN BAR to be the best option. Unlike the American military BAR, the FN version adopted by the Poles used a light bipod and a pistol grip for better handling. It was chambered in 8mm Mauser, which was the standard Polish cartridge.
The purchase agreement with FN was to buy 10,000 guns outright and also a license for domestic Polish production at F.B. Radom. However, the deal went quite sour when it urned out that FN actually didn't have the technical package to supply to the Poles, since they had not actually tooled up to make the guns, instead importing them from Colt in the US. The Polish military wound up reverse-engineering the Colt/FN guns to allow domestic production, and the incident put such a rift between FN and the Polish military that they would develop the Vis 35 "Radom" pistol in-house rather than license the FN High Power several years later.
http://www.patreon.com/ForgottenWeapons
Seattle Mayor Ed Murray's new plan for the city's community centers would extend hours at some centers and eliminate fees for drop-in use of basketball courts systemwide.
Longer hours, more staff, added programs and no more fees for pickup basketball.
Those are some of the highlights of the new strategic plan that Seattle Mayor Ed Murray is proposing for the city's community centers, he announced Thursday.
The changes will be part of the 2017 budget that Murray sends to the City Council later this month. If approved, the plan will cost the city about $1.37 million next year.
The mayor unveiled the plan at the South Park Community Center, one of six centers that would stay open longer and one of five that would offer free programs. Nine centers would receive more staffing resources, while five would host pilot projects.
The mayor said a goal of the plan is to provide more access to recreation for underserved neighborhoods such as South Park.
“Seattle's community centers are a vital piece of our parks and recreation system, and we must ensure these spaces meet the needs of all residents across the city,” Murray said in a statement.
“We must ensure that as we grow, we do so equitably, and our recreational spaces must be safe and accessible places for everyone.”
Drop-in fees can be barriers for lower-income users, says the plan, which calls for ending such fees systemwide and simplifying the scholarship process for programs.
The existing fees for drop-in use of basketball courts, toddler gyms and fitness centers are $3.
Paulina Lopez, a South Park community leader, called the new plan “great news.”
In a statement, Lopez said, “We have been asking for more hours at the community center to help our kids and families lead happier and healthier lives.”
The plan calls for funding the $1.37 million in operational changes through a transfer from the community-center system's capital budget.
Rand Paul Wouldn't Crack Top 5 In Filibuster Talking Hall Of Fame
On Wednesday, Sen. Rand Paul launched into a filibuster on the floor of the Senate, against John Brennan's nomination as CIA director. Paul, who said "I will speak until I can no longer speak," lasted for nearly 13 hours. It was an impressive length of time, but it didn't come close to Sen. Strom Thurmond's record-holding filibuster against the Civil Rights Act of 1957, which surpassed 24 hours. Melissa Block speaks with Senate historian Donald Ritchie about the colorful history of the talking filibuster.
MELISSA BLOCK, HOST:
Senator Rand Paul did get a lot of attention for his nearly 13-hour filibuster, but the Kentucky Republican wouldn't even crack the top five for the longest talking filibusters. The top spot goes to South Carolina Senator Strom Thurmond back in 1957. He held the floor for over 24 hours. For more on that and other notable filibusters, we talked to Senate historian Donald Ritchie. He says back in 1957, Senator Thurmond came to the Senate floor ready.
DONALD RITCHIE: Well, Strom Thurmond was - he was a physical fitness buff, and so he was actually in very good shape. And he came prepared with lots of books on the subject. They will come in with a stack of law books and other books. There's sort of a myth that senators read the phone directory. But actually, during most debates, they take it very seriously. And the issues that they read tend to be things about the subject that they're concerned with, so when you read the record the next day, most of it is on point.
BLOCK: You know, it's worth noting that the number of filibusters in the past, including Strom Thurmond's from 1957, were used to stop civil rights bills, before that, anti-lynching bills.
RITCHIE: That's right. It became a tool that Southern senators used to prevent the federal government from intervening in racial segregation in the South. In the 1930s, it was anti-lynching laws. By the 1950s and '60s, it was civil rights legislation. And as a result, other senators chose not to filibuster for the most part because they didn't want to support this tool that was being used by those who were trying to prevent an end to segregation.
BLOCK: I had a good time reading about a filibuster from Senator Huey Long of Louisiana back in 1935, talking, as a Louisianan would, about food and talking about how to make pot liquor. He said if you had a pot of turnip greens about two-thirds the size of this wastebasket - holding up a wastebasket - you ought to put in about a 1-pound hunk of side meat and then went into great detail about just how to create a perfect pot liquor.
RITCHIE: Yes. Huey Long was known as the kingfish, and he was a very colorful senator. He also quoted a lot from the Bible during that filibuster. He liked to quote from Shakespeare. And, in fact, the reporters of debate in the Senate still have the biblical concordance and the copy of Shakespeare that he gave them to make sure that they got the quotes right when they transcribed his speeches. He was very particular about that. But his recipes, his folk humor, that was a part of his persona and part of his filibusters.
And he filibustered quite a bit against both the policies of Herbert Hoover and the policies of Franklin Roosevelt. He was a little out of step with everybody else at that time.
BLOCK: You mentioned that it's a myth that senators actually go and read the phone book in a filibuster. What are some of the more colorful examples of things people have read as part of a talking filibuster?
RITCHIE: Well, I know that in the 19th century, there were complaints that they were reading novels by Charles Dickens. "The Pickwick Papers," apparently, were a favorite. People were a little more aware of current literature, and they would refer back to - people talked about Shakespeare. They talked about things that they had memorized. They - these were senators who had classical educations. You know, senators throughout history have liked to talk. And they've usually found no shortage of subjects to talk about.
BLOCK: Now, as we spoke with Senate historian Donald Ritchie, we also wanted to explore one mundane but important fact about Rand Paul's filibuster. He said this at the very end of his very long speech.
SENATOR RAND PAUL: And I would go for another 12 hours to try to break Strom Thurmond's record, but I've discovered that there are some limits to filibustering. And I'm going to have to go take care of one of those in a few minutes here.
BLOCK: And with that, Senator Paul left the floor and presumably went to the men's room. As he pointed out today on CNN, bathroom breaks are not allowed during a filibuster. Technically speaking, he is right, but historian Donald Ritchie told us senators in the middle of a filibuster have found workarounds for that little complication.
RITCHIE: There have been all sorts of devices that senators have used to avoid that.
BLOCK: What kinds of devices?
RITCHIE: Well, there were catheters that were used...
BLOCK: Oh, come on.
RITCHIE: ...at various times. I kid you not.
BLOCK: You're joking.
RITCHIE: No. That's - we have oral histories with some of the staff who were involved in those debates at the time. And senators tried everything possible to make sure they could stay there as long as possible.
BLOCK: Are you going to name names?
RITCHIE: Well, Estes Kefauver, apparently, once had to ask special permission from the presiding officer to leave the chamber and not lose the floor during a filibuster because, apparently, his device had come undone during the debate.
BLOCK: Oh my. That's not - that's - well, that's a whole new image when - now when I think of Senator Kefauver. Senate historian Donald Ritchie there telling us some of the more quirky facts about filibuster history. Filibuster, the word filibuster, by the way, derives from the Dutch word for freebooter or pirate.
Copyright © 2013 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Killer Mike caught a lot of heat this weekend after defending one of Bill Maher's stupid remarks.
During the latest episode of Real Time With Bill Maher, the 61-year-old TV host jokingly called himself a “house ni**a” while speaking to Nebraska Republican Sen. Ben Sasse. Many people, including celebrities, expressed outrage over Maher's use of the N-word, and have since called for a boycott until HBO cancels the weekly talk show. The backlash wasn't surprising; however, Killer Mike's response definitely was.
Shortly after the internet began dragging Maher, Mike sent out a tweet insisting people were overreacting and that the TV host was simply doing his job.
He makes, Jewish, religious, sexists, political, fat and many other jokes. That's his job. Not always funny but that is what comedians do😐 https://t.co/ok55CqBPBP — Killer Mike (@KillerMike) June 3, 2017
I defend the 1st and I don't care how that looks. I don't like his views on Islam but I have no right to stop him from saying stupid shit https://t.co/jn9lX4jW6O — Killer Mike (@KillerMike) June 3, 2017
black have BIGGER things than NIGGER to concern our selves with: Black Banks, Gentrification, Economics & Trade Education. Love, My Nigga. https://t.co/nTtvRkXKkF — Killer Mike (@KillerMike) June 3, 2017
Though Mike said he still believes Maher is protected by the First Amendment and, therefore, shouldn't lose his job, he claims the situation would've gone done much differently if Maher and used the N-word in front of him.
During a recent interview for TMZ, the 42-year-old rapper was asked what he would've done if he was a guest on Friday's episode.
“I would've punched Bill in his stomach. I would've punched Bill in his stomach and said, ‘You sound stupid,' and we would've smoked a joint after,” Mike said. “You know why, because that's what you do when your white friend does that when you're 13 and he gets a little too comfortable and says it—you punch your friend in the stomach.”
POST CONTINUES BELOW
He goes on to explain he is a strong believer in freedom of speech and supports everyone's right to say what they want to say, even if he doesn't agree with it. He also believes in people's right to boycott Maher.
“If people want to protest him, fine, I support it. If people want to call for his job, do what you want to do,” he said. “As for me, though, I am not going to start limit entertainers in what they can say, because when you start doing that, you're painting yourself in a corner, and you're going to make sure your First Amendment rights are one day going to be out the door, and we really are going to live in a fascist country.”
• Tune in to Trade Talk for LIVE trade coverage every weekday
• Check out every confirmed move on the Trade Tracker
WEST Coast is poised to secure Geelong big man Nathan Vardy in the final two days of the NAB AFL Trade Period after a breakthrough in negotiations on Tuesday.
Vardy, who can play as a ruck and a forward, has indicated his preference to join the Eagles and the club will now work on a deal with Geelong before Thursday's 2pm deadline.
The Cats had grown more confident Vardy would remain at the club in 2017 but it is understood he nominated the Eagles as his preferred home late on Tuesday.
>> On the app? Tap the green headphones in the top right corner to tune in
The Eagles have also made him their priority after "casting a wide net" in their search for a ruckman, which saw them linked to fellow big men Drew Petrie and Will Minson.
Vardy is expected to make his way to West Coast in exchange for a fourth-round selection in the NAB AFL Draft.
The Eagles have been desperate to replenish their ruck stocks to cover long-term injuries to Nic Naitanui and Scott Lycett, with Vardy an ideal fit as a forward-ruckman.
Indicative draft order: What picks will your club take to the draft?
The 25-year-old had also drawn interest from Port Adelaide but any trade there was likely to hinge on the Power being able to find a new home for Matthew Lobbe, which has not eventuated.
Vardy, who visited the Eagles for medical tests last week, has played 25 games for Geelong, including just one in 2016 as he fell behind tall recruits Rhys Stanley and Zac Smith.
Frustrated by a lack of senior opportunities, he chose not to sign a contract extension with Geelong, weakening the Cats' position at the trade table with West Coast.
LONDON (Reuters) - Imagination Technologies, the British firm that lost 70 percent of its value after being ditched by its biggest customer Apple, put itself up for sale on Thursday in a disappointing end to a once-great European tech success story.
Founded in 1985 and listed in 1994, Imagination has been rocked by Apple's announcement in April that it was developing its own graphics chips and would no longer use Imagination's processing designs in 15 months to two years time.
Apple's decision, which analysts said posed an existential threat to the company, sent Imagination's shares plummeting 70 percent on April 3 and they have barely recovered since.
The stock jumped as much as 21 percent on Thursday, however, after the sale announcement to 149.5 pence, giving the company a market capitalization of 425 million pounds ($538 million).
Analysts said potential buyers could include Intel, Qualcomm, Mediatek, CEVA and various entities from China, while Apple itself could be interested.
“Imagination Technologies announces that over the last few weeks it has received interest from a number of parties for a potential acquisition of the whole group,” the company said.
“The board of Imagination has therefore decided to initiate a formal sale process for the group and is engaged in preliminary discussions with potential bidders.”
Imagination has said it doubted Apple, which accounts for about half of its sales, could go it alone without violating Imagination's patents. Analysts said legal battles were likely and Imagination started a dispute resolution procedure in May with the U.S. giant, which is valued at $761 billion.
The British company initially responded to Apple's decision to walk away by putting two of its main divisions up for sale.
The headquarters of technology company Imagination Technologies is seen on the outskirts of London, Britain, June 22, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
“That was a pretty dire scenario, akin to selling off the family silver to keep the estate going a little longer,” said Neil Wilson, Senior Market Analyst, ETX Capital. “Now the shutters are up and a buyer sought. A pretty ignominious end to what was a great British tech success story.”
APPLE RELIANCE
Imagination has licensed its processing designs to Apple from the time of the first iPod and receives a small royalty on every device using its graphics.
Imagination's shares rose sharply between 2009 and 2012 as sales of smartphones boomed, prompting Apple and Intel to buy stakes and the company was valued at more than 2 billion pounds in April 2012. Apple owns 8 percent of the shares.
Imagination struggled, however, to reduce its reliance on Apple, and has faced increased competition from the likes of chipmaker Qualcomm and British rival ARM, which developed its own graphics to complement its core processor blueprints.
Imagination downplayed fears it could lose Apple contract for years. Facing reports that Apple was building a graphics operation and hiring Imagination staff, the British firm told investors that Apple was just improving its customization of the technology Imagination sold, rather than replacing it.
Analysts at Stifel said they thought interested parties could include those groups that want to develop their own processing technology across platforms such as mobile, wearable tech, vehicles and the so-called Internet of Things.
“This could include a coordinated Chinese bid, a hyper-scale vendor from the cloud or some other IP player,” they said.
Imagination said on Thursday it had received indicative proposals for its embedded MIPS technology - processors used in vehicles and home appliances - and its mobile connectivity division Ensigma, the two businesses put up for sale in the wake of the slide in its shares.
Slideshow (6 Images)
While Imagination has other clients for its technology, UBS analysts estimated in April that its non-Apple business was worth just 81 million pounds and the MIPS division, which it bought for $100 million in 2013, was worth 77 million pounds.
UBS said the company could be worth 110 pence per share on a sum of the parts basis. In May, Jefferies said the wind up value was about 96 pence a share while Morgan Stanley said the company could be worth as little as 106 million pounds, or just 30 pence per share, though its base case was 95 pence.
The U.S. investment bank said Imagination's headquarters was worth 40 million pounds.
Alfred Clive Hulme VC (24 January 1911 – 2 September 1982) was a New Zealand recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces. He received the decoration for his actions during the Battle of Crete in 1941. He was also the father of champion Formula One racing driver Denny Hulme.
Early life [ edit ]
Alfred Clive Hulme was born in the city of Dunedin, New Zealand, to a clerk and his wife. Known as Clive, he attended Eastern Hutt School. Powerfully built, he was interested in wrestling in his youth. In 1934 he married Rona Marjorie Murcott and the couple were to have two children. In the late 30's, he worked as a farm labourer in Nelson.[1]
Second World War [ edit ]
A few months after the outbreak of the Second World War, Hulme enlisted in the New Zealand Military Forces for service abroad with the 2nd New Zealand Expeditionary Force (2NZEF). He was posted to the 23rd Battalion. He was 30 years old and a sergeant in the 23rd Battalion, (The Canterbury Regiment) 5th Brigade, 2nd Division, 2NZEF during the Second World War when the actions took place during the Battle of Crete for which he was awarded the VC.
The citation from the London Gazette dated 10 October 1941 reads:
Sergeant Hulme exhibited most outstanding and inspiring qualities of leadership, initiative, skill, endurance, and most conspicuous gallantry and devotion to duty from the commencement of the heavy fighting in Crete on 20 May 1941, until he was wounded in action 28 May 1941. On ground overlooking Maleme Aerodrome on 20 and 21 May he personally led parties of his men from the area held by the forward position and destroyed enemy organised parties who had established themselves out in front of our position, from which they brought heavy rifle, machine-gun and mortar fire to bear on our defensive posts. Numerous snipers in the area were dealt with by Sergeant Hulme personally; one hundred and thirty dead were counted here. On 22, 23 and 24 May, Sergeant Hulme was continuously going out alone or with one or two men and destroying enemy snipers. On 25 May, when Sergeant Hulme had rejoined his battalion, this unit counter-attacked Galatas Village. The attack was partially held up by a large party of the enemy holding the school, from which they were inflicting heavy casualties on our troops. Sergeant Hulme went forward alone, threw grenades into the school, and so disorganised the defence that the counter-attack was able to proceed successfully. On Tuesday, 27 May, when our troops were holding a defensive line in Suda Bay during the final retirement, five enemy snipers had worked into position on the hillside overlooking the flank of the battalion line. Sergeant Hulme volunteered to deal with the situation and stalked and killed the snipers in turn. He continued similar work successfully through the day. On 28 May at Stylos, when an enemy heavy mortar was bombing a very important ridge held by the battalion rearguard troops, inflicting severe casualties, Sergeant Hulme, on his own initiative, penetrated the enemy lines, killed the mortar crew of four, put the mortar out of action, and thus very materially assisted the withdrawal of the main body through Stylos. From the enemy mortar position he then worked onto the left flank and killed three snipers who were causing concern to the rearguard. This made his score of enemy snipers thirty three stalked and shot. Shortly afterwards Sergeant Hulme was severely wounded in the shoulder while stalking another sniper. When ordered to the rear, in spite of his wound, he directed traffic under fire and organised stragglers of various units into section groups. The London Gazette, No. 35306, 10 October 1941.[2]
His brother Harold Charles ("Blondie") Hulme, was killed while also fighting in Crete.[3] Hulme's use of an acquired German parachutists' smock during some of his stalking has occasionally been criticised.[4]
The wounds Hulme received on Crete saw him evacuated to New Zealand for treatment and rehabilitation. He was declared medically unfit in February 1942 and discharged from the 2NZEF. However, three months later he was recalled to active duty. He served on the Home Front until September 1943 at which time he was discharged again from the New Zealand Military Forces, having been promoted to warrant officer.[1]
Later life [ edit ]
After the war he lived at Pongakawa, near Te Puke, running a cartage company and involved with water divining and oil prospecting. His son Denny Hulme won the Formula One World Drivers' Championship in 1967.[1]
Hulme died at Te Puke on 2 September 1982, and was buried in the civilian section of the Dudley-Vercoe Cemetery in the town.
Hulme's grave
Medal [ edit ]
Hulme's VC was displayed at the QEII Army Memorial Museum, Waiouru, New Zealand. On 2 December 2007 it was one of nine Victoria Crosses that were among a hundred medals stolen from the museum.[5] On 16 February 2008, New Zealand Police announced all the medals had been recovered as a result of a NZ$300,000 reward offered by Michael Ashcroft and Tom Sturgess.[6]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
President Barack Obama announced his intention to nominate Samuel Heins, a major contributor and bundler to the president's election campaigns, to be the next ambassador to Norway. The move came after Obama's previous nominee of another contributor, George Tsunis, was withdrawn.
Heins is the son of Maurice, a mathematics professor, and Hadassah Wagman Heins. While his father taught at the University of Illinois in Champaign-Urbana, Heins attended the university's Laboratory School, graduating in 1964. He then went on to the University of Minnesota, where he was an editor, along with future A Prairie Home Companion star Garrison Keillor and others, of the undergraduate literary magazine. Heins earned a BA in 1968 and his JD in 1972, then clerked for U.S. District Judge Earl Larson in Minneapolis until 1973, when he became an associate at the Firestone Law Firm.
Heins moved out in 1976 and became a partner at Tanick and Heins in Minneapolis. While there, he represented Keillor in a 1988 suit against NPR, which, he claimed, was selling unauthorized audiotapes of a Keillor speech. The suit was settled when NPR agreed not to sell more cassettes and to refund the cost to those who had purchased them.
In 1989, Heins moved to Opperman, Heins and Paquin and five years later left that firm, taking his name to Heins, Mills & Olson (HMO), a firm specializing in securities fraud, antitrust cases and class actions. One of his first big suits there was an antitrust action against airlines charged with fixing travel agents' commissions. That suit was settled. Another suit against Broadcom in 2005 brought in $37.5 million in fees to the firm.
Another suit that was to bring millions of dollars—and a little trouble—to Heins' firm was against AOL Time Warner, which was accused to inflating its membership numbers causing the stock price to increase. HMO represented the Minnesota Board of Investments, which was the lead plaintiff, and the case was expanded to represent thousands of other shareholders. The suit was eventually settled for $2.65 billion. The firm received a big cut of that with Heins getting $48 million and his partner and wife, Stacey Mills, getting $35 million. The trouble came when a lower-level partner, Brian Williams, received only $4.5 million, much less than he had expected. He took the firm to court and eventually was awarded $1.6 million more. It was revealed during the suit that when another HMO attorney, Al Gilbert, questioned the amount of his payout, asking why he didn't get more, Heins responded “Because it's my goddamn law firm!” Heins left the firm in 2013.
Aside from his legal work, Heins also has been active in human rights campaigns. In 1983 he co-founded The Advocates for Human Rights and served as its first board chair and in 1985 he helped found the Center for Victims of Torture. Heins human rights work also includes the Ploughshares Fund, where he serves as a board member, and the PEN American Center, as a trustee
As for his nomination as ambassador to Norway, it's believed that Heins might be a more acceptable choice than Long Islander and hotelier Tsunis, who was criticized for his seeming ignorance of the kingdom, raising the possibility that he might even damage U.S. relations with the country. Heins' connection to Minnesota helps because the state has the largest population of Norwegians outside Norway.
In the last election, Heins and Mills gave $5,000 each to Obama's re-election campaign and bundled more than $1 million more in donations. He has two grown daughters from his marriage with his first wife, Dianne Hogg, also an attorney. He speaks French.
-Steve Straehley
To Learn More:
Official Announcement
Because It's My Goddamn Law Firm (by Scott Carlson, Minnesota Law & Politics)
A legend of late night paranormal talk radio is returning to the air waves, although in these modern times, most will probably hear him online. However, for those nostalgic for yesteryear, shortwave radio will be one of many mediums the show will be broadcast.
Art Bell is a founder and original host of the late night paranormal show Coast to Coast AM. Bell went into semiretirement in 2003, with occasional guest host appearances up until 2010. Bell's fans were excited about his return when he began a new show on SiriusXM radio. However, the show only lasted six weeks.
The satellite radio show must have gotten Bell's creative juices flowing, because it has been announced that he will be returning to paranormal radio with an internet streaming show that is set to begin on July 20, 2015. The show will be called Midnight in the Desert, and like the name implies, will begin at midnight and run until 3 am eastern; 9 pm to midnight for those on the west coast in the pacific time zone.
Unlike his last show, which could only be heard on SiriusXM, the new show will be broadcast on many mediums, allowing listeners several options in which to hear the show. As mentioned earlier, this even includes shortwave radio. The show's website says they made a deal with a shortwave station out of Tennessee, WTWW on 5,085 khz.
The live show will be broadcast for free. However, listeners will need to purchase a monthly subscription to listen to the archives. The starting fee for the subscription service will only be $5 a month. The subscription will also provide access to something they will call the “Wormhole,” which will allow users to send Bell message during the show.
Guests will also be able to use Skype to call in or use good ole' phone lines.
The show is going to run on Dark Matter Digital radio network, where they currently run several UFO and paranormal related podcasts. They even rebroadcast Open Minds UFO Radio.
Dark Matter Digital currently has a TuneIn app that allows listeners to listen to the network. Art Bell fans will be able to use that app to also listen to Midnight in the Desert when it launches. Dark Matter Digital is also planning a sneak peak preview show for Sunday, July 19, to test Bell's equipment.
Bell will be broadcasting out of Pahrump, Nevada, about 20 miles or so west of Las Vegas on the California border, and not too far from Area 51.
Art Bell's return to radio has been long awaited, and many have rejoiced to the news of his return. There are even a few fan trailers on YouTube that have been produced heralding his return.
Dark Matter Digital's shows have been growing in popularity. Their lead techie, Keith, has told me they hold their broadcasters to a higher level of sound quality, and, according to their website, they claim the technology they will be using for Midnight in the Desert should make it one of the best sounding shows online.
Popular Posts:
Ryan Borlik is a father. A father with kids. Boy kids. These boy kids told him that building a Lego Morgan 3-wheeler couldn't be done. Unlike most parents, instead of reaching for his whipping spatula, Ryan set out to prove his boys wrong. And boy did he.
Who's laughing now, Borlik Boys? Yeah, that's what I thought.
This guy did a pretty fantastic job on this, and it absolutely does not look like it was easy. The level of detail is especially impressive — you can see the cooling fins on the externally-mounted V-twin, there's the sidepipes, roll hoops, a well-appointed dash, shifter, side mirrors, checkerboard hood stripe — daddy brought it.
Advertisement
Here are some more photos to admire. Lego should contact this guy to make this one an actual set.
Even though I have already posted a couple of lentil based recipes in less than a month, I would like to share with you one more (but not the last) favorite recipe. I chose today to add black lentils into a fresh spinach and avocado mix for a buttery divine texture.
I use lentils so often because they are fully loaded with vitamins, iron, fiber and proteins and low in calories. Therefore, they are part of my weekly meal plan, especially in the summer.
However, by combining lentils with all the vegetables in season, you get not only the valuable nutrients (Read more Couscous with Lentil and Yoghurt Paste), but also bring a new flavor touch to your meals with every occasion.
Whenever I have a hectic week that keeps me away from the kitchen, I simply cook lentils (all the colors) in bulk, keep them in the fridge, and adding them the next days to whatever fresh vegetables or fruits I have on hand. This way I still get my healthy bite every day without so much effort.
Now to get on with the recipe, this salad is not only packed with extra iron, but it's so delicious and makes it just a perfect plate for lunch or dinner. Don't be afraid to use half a lemon as it gives it a refreshing twist.
Print Iron Booster Salad Author: Cook it fit Prep time: 5 mins Cook time: 30 mins Total time: 35 mins Serves: 2 Ingredients 200 g black lentil stew
1 bundle of fresh spinach
½ avocado, chopped
1 onion, thinly chopped
3 cloves of garlic, peeled and mashed
½ fresh lemon
a pinch of dried chili flakes
fresh chives, coarsely chopped
1 tablespoon of extra-virgin olive oil(or butter)
sea salt and pepper Instructions In a small saucepan bring water to a boil, add the lentils and lower the heat. Let it cook until the lentils are tender but still hold a texture, about 30 minutes.The proportion is 3:1 (3 parts of water for 1 part of lentils). Meanwhile, chop the vegetables and have them ready. Once the lentil stew is done, heat the olive oil in a medium saucepan. Add the onion, garlic and chili, lower the heat and let stir for 2 minutes or until softened. Add in the spinach and gently cook it for a couple of minutes. When the spinach has wilted down, add also the avocado and stir in for 1 more minute until it starts to melt. Transfer the lentil stew to the saucepan, stir in for 2 more minutes and squeeze half a lemon on it. Notes Serve it on a plate or bowl and garnish it with fresh chives or your favorite herbs and enjoy it! Get creative, use the ingredients you have at hand and stay healthy! Make sure you only “cook it fit”. 3.2.2885
Mamadou Sakho's knee injury is not as serious as feared and has not given up hope of playing for Crystal Palace again this season.
The Frenchman breathed a sigh of relief as it was revealed he bruised and strained ligaments during the 1-0 defeat to Tottenham Hotspur on Wednesday. Initially, there was a genuine concern the Liverpool defender - on loan at Palace - may have damaged cruciate ligaments. That is not the case.
Sakho – imperious for Palace during the recent run to avoid relegation – had to be carried off on a stretcher and such was the twist of his knee it seemed he faced a lengthy period of recovery.
Thankfully, the diagnosis is an absence of weeks rather than months, ensuring he will be fully fit for the start of next season and believes he can make a rapid recovery.
Editor's Note: I wrestled all day with whether to promote this excellent post to the front page. Ironically, the main thing that gave me pause was the fact that so many people suggested today that Palin might have been literally drunk, even though that is not what this author is doing. In the end, I decided “Why not?” I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I did.
Today we saw someone who was once a rising star in the conservative world explode in an inglorious display of crass opportunism.
Sarah Palin, that darling of a failed John McCain presidential bid, has resurfaced to throw her voice and her support behind the gilded toad of the GOP, Donald Trump. Where she was once a strong Tea Party leader, promoting free market ideas, limited government, and power back in the hands of the people, today she forsook it all, in favor of a big government, foul mouthed, Wall Street liberal with atrocious hair.
Far too often, we see that power corrupts and fame can be an intoxicating drug. Palin and her family became a political hot topic in 2008, targeted by comedians and tabloids, as well as the conservative punditry, anxious to foist this fresh, bold, “Mama Grizzly” into the limelight, and to sweep up ratings for themselves along the way. For a bit, it worked. Voters and TV execs alike were enthralled by she and her whole family. Daughter Bristol, as an unwed mother to a beautiful baby boy, wrote a book about abstinence and toured the nation to give the warning to wait, don't do what she did, learn from her poor judgment! She even got a reality TV show out of it for a short while.
Meanwhile, “Mama Grizzly,” Sarah Palin, garnered her own reality show, as well as a spot as a contributor for Fox News. Who knew that serving a half-term as governor of Alaska, then filling the VP slot on a losing GOP ticket could translate into such a prolonged stint of celebrity? One could argue that there were many reasons for it, ranging from her beauty to her being a symbol of “every woman.” She didn't have an Ivy League background. She was a working mom. She also wasn't above getting her hands dirty, both figuratively and literally. She didn't have a phalanx of aides handling her affairs. She seemed content to do things on her own, in her own way, and that was refreshing for a public who had for far too long seen the political class as out of touch with every day humanity.
Then the novelty began to wear off. The Tea Party hasn't been as active, outside of social media, so there weren't as many opportunities for Palin to stand before a crowd, beguile them with colloquial banter and declarations of a rebel spirit, or to grab headlines. She lost her gig as a contributor with Fox News several years ago. So what else was there? Well, daughter Bristol has decided to be a blogger, covering everything from the mundane to the nonsensical. Oh, and she's now got baby #2 for baby-daddy #2, as well. She's still single. So much for learning from our mistakes, abstinence, and anything resembling moral clarity.
There was the drunken family brawl the Palins were involved in last year. It briefly trended on social media and for a moment, the Kardashians were given pause. Just today, while Sarah was making a desperate lunge for one more moment in the sun, her oldest son, Track, was presumably posting bail for beating up his girlfriend. You would think this would be a time for a mother to be closing the ranks and tending to her family breakdown.
No, sadly, the mask of the Sarah Palin so many of us were drawn in by has slipped. Rather than a warrior for conservative principle, we now see the oh-so shallow pool of her conservatism. She could have endorsed literally ANYBODY else running, but she threw her full-throated support behind a man who has said he identifies as a Democrat, has backed single payer healthcare, eminent domain, abortion, and a progressive tax on the wealthy. He has attacked real conservatives, shows a glaring lack of knowledge on most every important issue facing our nation, and covers it all with a gross layer of incivility and arrogance towards any who question him or hold him to task. He is all these things and will be the death of the GOP, or any chance of growing conservatism in this nation, again, if he is not stopped.
Make no mistake. Palin isn't alone in this betrayal of the ideology she once rode to prominence. Talking heads from Hannity to Levin to Limbaugh have cut the throats of the entire conservative movement, all for the ratings a sideshow freak like Trump brings. Palin's move, as well as the past few months of fawning, slack-jawed devotion to all things Trump that those who (formerly) enjoyed conservative talk radio have had to endure shows those of us who still value principle over celebrity just how unreliable and self-serving those who would be our “voice” truly are.
If it's true that we reap what we sow, the next couple of months will see Palin and her brood fade into obscurity, once and for all. Those talking heads (I'm looking squarely at you, Sean Hannity) who are obviously in the Donald's soiled pocket need to see their ratings plummet, as a fitting response to their willingness to turn a blind eye to this fraud in our midst and build him up, even as he tears the name of conservatism down.
Am I angry? Yes, I am. I'm angry at Trump for his charade. I'm angry at voters who would let this man rise so high in the polls, and an unwillingness to see how closely they mirror the Obama fans from 2008. I'm angry at radio personalities, TV news creeps, and attention seeking has-beens for putting their own self-interests above our nation's well-being. We had the strongest bench in many years, but more qualified candidates are pushed aside in favor of this Manhattan bully.
We are so close to the edge. The cult of personality will not draw us back. Now is the time for putting celebrity aside, not embracing it. We need sober, seasoned, rational leadership, and anyone in a position to highlight the need who chooses, instead, to glorify our most inept deserves to reap all the consequences due their selfish motivations.
Start 'Em & Sit 'Em is the ultimate look at the weekly NFL matchups and how they'll affect your fantasy football team. All starts and sits are based on standard scoring leagues. Obvious fantasy starters like Aaron Rodgers and Adrian Peterson will not be featured. For your final lineup decisions, check our lineup rankings.
Select An Option... Quarterbacks Running Backs Wide Receivers Tight Ends Defense Kickers
Byes: 49ers, Chargers, Colts, Falcons
Start 'Em vs. Start of the Week - Andy Dalton vs. Houston Texans "His name is Dalton..." Remember that line from the movie "Road House"? Well, the Red Rifle has been better than Patrick Swayze in his role as the butt-kicking bouncer. Dalton should thrive against the Texans, who have struggled vs. quarterbacks. Their defense has surrendered 18.34 fantasy points a game to the position. vs. Cam Newton vs. Tennessee Titans Newton has been on fire in the stat sheets, scoring 18-plus fantasy points in all but three of his starts this season. His success should continue against the Titans, who have failed to control the pass in recent weeks. Overall, the position has averaged almost 18 fantasy points per game against them. Look for Superman to fly high. vs. Joe Flacco vs. Jacksonville Jaguars Flacco hasn't been the most consistent fantasy option this season, but he's scored 20-plus fantasy points in all three of his home starts. The veteran also has a great matchup this week against the Jaguars, who have given up an average of more than 18 fantasy points per game to quarterbacks. Consider Flacco a very solid streaming option. vs. Blake Bortles vs. Baltimore Ravens Bortles has been one of the more underrated quarterbacks in fantasy land so far this season, and this week's matchup in Baltimore makes him a legitimate option across most formats. The Ravens have been plain bad against the pass, surrendering 16 touchdown passes and the second-most fantasy points (21.89 PPG) to signal-callers in 2015. vs. Eli Manning vs. New England Patriots Starting Manning is much like riding a roller coaster, as it's full of ups and downs in the stat sheets. I like him this week against the Patriots though, as their defense has allowed an average of almost 17 fantasy points a game to quarterbacks. Also, Manning has nine touchdowns in four career starts versus the Pats (including postseason). Good matchups: Matthew Stafford at Packers, Teddy Bridgewater at Raiders, Kirk Cousins vs. Saints
Sit 'Em vs. Sit of the Week - Russell Wilson vs. Arizona Cardinals Wilson has been a major disappointment, and an upcoming matchup against the Cardinals makes him tough to trust. In three career home games against them, Wilson has averaged 155.6 passing yards with three touchdowns and two interceptions. Arizona has also been very tough on opposing field generals in 2015. vs. Tyrod Taylor vs. New York Jets I'm certainly a fan of Taylor from a fantasy perspective, but this is a time to keep him on the bench. He'll be on a short week and playing on the road against the Jets, who have one of the most feared defenses in the entire league. In fact, visiting quarterbacks not named Tom Brady have averaged fewer than 10 fantasy points against them. vs. Ryan Tannehill vs. Philadelphia Eagles Tannehill is difficult to predict from a statistical perspective, and that lack of trust makes him a real risk for owners. Next up on the schedule is a contest in Philadelphia, where Tannehill faces an Eagles defense that has allowed an average of just 15.43 fantasy points per game to the quarterback position to this point in the season. vs. Jay Cutler vs. St. Louis Rams Cutler has had his share of solid stat lines in recent weeks, but he's still subject to the matchups on a regular basis. His next opponent, the Rams, makes the Vanderbilt product a prime sit 'em candidate. St. Louis has allowed the third-fewest fantasy points to opposing quarterbacks, so keep Cutler on the fantasy sidelines in this contest. vs. Marcus Mariota vs. Carolina Panthers I liked Mariota a lot last week, and he paid dividends against the Saints. Too bad he can't face New Orleans more often, right? I'd keep the talented rookie on the sidelines against the Panthers, who have one of the league's better defenses. In fact, quarterbacks have averaged just 13.12 fantasy points a game against them. Bad matchups: Carson Palmer at Seahawks, Alex Smith at Broncos, Jameis Winston vs. Cowboys
In the latest episode of the NFL Fantasy LIVE podcast we discuss Week 10 waiver targets, players to trade for, and bring back the "Flex, Marry or Cut?" game. Don't forget to subscribe and listen in HERE!
Michael Fabiano is an award-winning fantasy football analyst on NFL.com and NFL Network and a member of the Fantasy Sports Writers Association (FSWA) Hall of Fame. Have a burning question on anything fantasy related? Tweet it to @Michael_Fabiano or send a question via Facebook!
Andre 3000 can add yet another significant title to his awe-inspiring resume and legendary list of accomplishments. As WWD reports, the Outkast alum has a new role as the creative director of the long-running Swedish brand Tretorn. “We wanted to work with Andre because he resonates with all ages and he's an OG,” Nick Woodhouse — chief marketing officer and president of Tretorn's parent company Authentic Brands Group — explained in a statement. “He's not a flavor of the month. There are a lot of terrific, young influencers out there, but Andre is established. These young kids are reaching out to him to collaborate. That's why we did this.”
Always praised for his eccentric, forward-thinking fashion sense, 3 Stacks will star in Tretorn's forthcoming fall campaign and will serve as one of the designers behind the brand's line of sneakers for next year. “He has a very clear point of view on style, the way he dresses and the way he carries himself,” Woodhouse remarks. For the specific duties of his role with Tretorn, Andre 3000 will primarily focus on rejuvenating the brand's traditional, classic footwear styles and producing “new silhouettes.” According to Woodhouse, Andre Benjamin even showed up to brand meeting with “sketches of shoes” ready to present.
“We are making sure that the name of Tretorn gets out there in the sphere of the youth, and the idea with Andre is to make the brand more famous than what it is so the Millennial customer can understand it,” concludes Tretorn's president. Considering the enthusiasm coming from both sides, hopes and expectations for Andre 3000's work for Tretorn should be high.
ORLANDO, FL - OCTOBER 27: The Orlando Magic review plays with head coach Frank Vogel of the Orlando Magic during the game against the San Antonio Spurs on October 27, 2017 at Amway Center in Orlando, Florida. NOTE TO USER: User expressly acknowledges and agrees that, by downloading and or using this photograph, User is consenting to the terms and conditions of the Getty Images License Agreement. Mandatory Copyright Notice: Copyright 2017 NBAE (Photo by Fernando Medina/NBAE via Getty Images)
During a long losing streak, it is easy to point fingers at the coach. But Frank Vogel should remain free of blame. This season is all on the players.
Losing streaks rightfully bring questions. Long losing streaks rightfully lead to some assigning of blame. And, in many cases, real change. Not simply a lineup change or some kind of tinkering, but leadership change.
The NBA is a results-oriented business. Every game has a winner and a loser. There is nothing more definitive than that. And pile up enough losses — as the Orlando Magic have in the last five years — change is inevitable. It is almost required.
Change is already sweeping through the NBA.
Monday, the Memphis Grizzlies surprisingly fired popular coach David Fizdale. The Grizzlies, dealing with a mountain of injuries, have lost eight in a row after a 7-4 start. Things got hairier Sunday when the Memphis Grizzlies lost to the Brooklyn Nets and star Marc Gasol sat for the entire fourth quarter. By all reports, the sudden dismissal came because Gasol and Fizdale could no longer get along.
The changes in Memphis may not be done. But for now, the Grizzlies are hoping this puts out the fire and gets them back on track.
Like the Magic, the Grizzlies have seen this losing streak knock them out of the Playoff picture. Memphis is 7-13 and 2.5 games out of the Playoffs. Unlike the Magic, the Grizzlies are still trying to make the Playoffs as a primary goal. A rebuild is not the first path.
Other teams that went on long losing streaks have also faced questions about their leadership.
The LA Clippers lost nine in a row, raising questions about Doc Rivers‘ future with the team. This kind of questions were natural considering all the change that has occurred with that team and the fact Rivers' tenure has sort of run its course with little success.
Injuries to Patrick Beverley and Milos Teodosic gutted the team's point guard depth. The Clippers have won their last three games since ending that losing streak. Although now it looks like Blake Griffin is out for some time with a knee injury.
Like with those teams, losing streaks naturally bring up questions. Coaches have to face those questions.
Magic coach Frank Vogel is no exception.
Orlando just snapped a nine-game losing streak, having fallen from one of the best teams in the Eastern Conference to one of the absolute worst. For the second straight year, the defense has collapsed from one of the best int he leagues (at least statistically) to one of the very worst. This is a story that is similar to last year.
It is natural to point some blame at the coach. And Vogel certainly deserves some blame.
As he was last year, he has been slow to change his rotation and slow to adjust when things go wrong. He has relied heavily on veterans he has put trust in — even when it at least feels like they have not earned that trust.
He preaches sticking with each other and continuing to band together. Even in the face of a rotation or a mix that has ceased to work. Even in the face of a team that is struggling to do even the simplest things. And the team has struggled to respond. That is at least somewhat a reflection on him.
But there are some extenuating circumstances.
Maybe part of the problem is this losing streak has coincided with a difficult eight road games in 10 games stretch. The Magic have had little time to practice or get settled. Maybe a week at home — Orlando does not travel out of town again until Saturday — with some practices will settle the team's effort back in. Maybe this is where the coaching staff can begin making its adjustments.
There is pressure to turn things around. If not completely then incrementally. At least to the point where the team is competitive every night and taking steps in the right direction. During the recent losing streak, there were moments where the Magic looked downright abysmal.
Some of that must fall on the coaching. But considering this team's history, more of it should fall on the players. And that is where most blame for this season's wild swings should reside.
Orlando has had five coaches in four years. Keeping Vogel was supposed to add some continuity of voice to a similar roster to last year's 29-win team.
The reality is the Magic have had virtually the same roster now for four years. They have had several opportunities to figure things out. And this year was all about them.
New management is in place and has acquired very few of these players. Even longtime stalwarts have to feel a little unsettled on their futures with the team. President of basketball operations Jeff Weltman came into the year saying he would spend the year evaluating what was on the roster. This year was less about wins and losses and more about developing a path for the future.
Vogel though should largely escape blame. Not at least to the point where his seat feels scalding hot. He should get a normal evaluation. But this year is all about the players.
There is only so much a coach can do to cover up a flawed roster. A coach cannot wring a box out or scheme for more effort. That stands on the players. And after last year's embarrassment and the complete change of coaches for the last three years, that responsibility falls on the players.
Everyone senses the team's unsteadiness and uncertainty. That happens whenever there is new management. And the Magic have accomplished so little that no player feels safe. Or no player should feel safe when it comes to the team's long-term future. Everyone has to prove themselves.
The team, in keeping Vogel, was telling the players to buy in. They were given the advantage they had all seemingly asked for several years.
And ultimately it is the players' responsibility to take the ball and run with it. That is the part that grew more frustrating during the losing streak. And the part the Magic finally broke through with Wednesday's win.
There was not dramatic strategic change. To a man, everyone said the difference in Wednesday's win was the effort. It was simply playing hard. Something no coach can control.
The reality is this roster and these players have not had the success or experience to receive the benefit of the doubt for not following a coach's gameplan. They have run out of that rope.
The rest of this season is really on them. It does not absolve Vogel of his faults or mistakes. That will be part of Weltman's evaluations too as the team moves on. But the primary focus is on the players themselves. Some coaching stability will help this team grow and set its direction. There seems no reason to change that constant. At least not right now.
This season and its struggles falls squarely on the players. They are the variable that is next to change.
The Regina Cyclone, or Regina tornado of 1912, was a tornado that devastated the city of Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada, on Sunday, June 30, 1912. It remains the deadliest tornado in Canadian history with a total of 28 fatalities. At about 4:50 p.m., green funnel clouds formed and touched down south of the city, tearing through the residential area between Wascana Lake and Victoria Avenue, and continuing through the downtown business district, rail yards, warehouse district, and northern residential area. Regina Cyclone F4 tornado Metropolitan Methodist Church and YWCA after the Regina Cyclone Formed June 30, 1912 4:50 p.m. CST (2245 UTC) Max rating1 F4 tornado Damage $4.5 million CAD Fatalities 28 fatalities Areas affected Regina, Saskatchewan 1 Most severe tornado damage; see Fujita scale Contents
Meteorological synopsis Edit
The tornado formed 18 kilometres (11 mi) south of the city and continued for another 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) north before dissipating. It was approximately 150 metres (490 ft) wide.[1] The tornado's wind velocity has been estimated at 400 kilometres per hour (250 mph),[2] though this conflicts with the F4 Fujita scale estimate based on reports of damage and historical photographs.[3]
Occurrence Edit
Damage to the YMCA on 12th Avenue immediately north of Victoria Park The tornado hit Regina at approximately 5:00 p.m. on June 30, 1912. The tornado formed 18 km south of the city and was roughly 150 metres wide by the time it reached Regina. The worst damage was in the residential area north of Wascana Lake and the central business district. Many buildings, both brick and wood, were entirely destroyed. "The new Central Library building was opened May 11, 1912, and just six weeks later, the new library was among the many buildings that suffered damage."[4] Victoria Avenue and Smith Street immediately west of Metropolitan Methodist Church, across Smith Street from the current City Hall "In just twenty minutes it completely leveled a number of houses, and caused other houses to explode as the pressure inside the structures rose when the tornado passed overhead."[5] The affluent residential area to the south was substantially diminished, but the tornado left houses untouched here and there immediately adjacent to houses which were flattened. "[I]n the warehouse district, it destroyed many of the storage buildings. The CPR Roundhouse was stripped to the rafters, and boxcars were pulled from the tracks and hurtled into the air."[6] Such damage was especially appalling to see as well as experience since Regina had been built on an entirely featureless plain, lacking any trees or vegetation other than natural wild prairie grass and without any hills or rivers apart from the tiny spring runnoff Wascana Creek, which only flowed in early spring. "The cyclone claimed twenty-eight lives and was the worst in Canadian history in terms of deaths. It also rendered 2,500 persons temporarily homeless, and caused over $1,200,000 in property damage. It took the city two years to repair the damage and ten years to pay off its storm debt."[5]
Aftermath Edit
Knox Presbyterian church wrecked by cyclone, north side of 12th Avenue and Lorne Street, across from Victoria Park The city forced those rendered homeless by the disaster to pay for the nightly use of cots set up in schools and city parks. It also required homeowners to pay for the removal of rubble from their homes.[7] Debris was cleaned up quickly. "The storm damaged the Metropolitan Methodist Church, [the Knox Presbyterian Church, the First Methodist,] the library, the YWCA [and YMCA], and numerous other downtown buildings; in the warehouse district, it destroyed many of the storage buildings. The CPR Roundhouse was stripped to the rafters, and boxcars were pulled from the tracks and hurtled into the air."[5] Regina houses damaged by the Regina Cyclone Damage from the tornado is estimated to be F4 on the Fujita scale. The tornado killed 28 people, injured hundreds, and left 2,500 people homeless, out of a population of about 30,213 (in 1911). Around 500 buildings were destroyed or damaged. Property damage was quantified at $1.2 million CAD,[8] and it would be forty years before the $4.5 million CAD private and public debt incurred to rebuild and repair was repaid.[9] The only remaining "souvenir" of this event is different-coloured bricks on the north wall of Regina's Knox-Metropolitan United Church (the building of the pre-church union of 1925 Metropolitan Methodist), showing where the wall collapsed and was rebuilt. Knox Presbyterian, Metropolitan Methodist and First Baptist, all being brick, were quickly rebuilt. Knox and Metropolitan both became United Church in 1925, and merged their congregations in 1951 and became the Knox-Metropolitan Church. The Knox building was ultimately demolished.
Boris Karloff's connection Edit
Boris Karloff during later Hollywood stardom English actor William Henry Pratt, better known by his stage name "Boris Karloff", was in Regina at the time of the tornado as a member of the Jeanne Russell Players, a struggling company of actors and singers. Theatre reviews appearing in at least four Western Canadian newspapers in 1912 prove he had already started using the stage name "Boris Karloff" by this time.[10] The Jeanne Russell Players disbanded in Regina a day before the tornado struck, leaving Karloff stranded and broke.[11] Following the tornado, he worked clearing debris for twenty cents an hour and was later employed in Regina by the Dominion Express Company. He remained in Regina until October 1912 when he joined the Harry St. Clair Players in Prince Albert. In 1958, Karloff appeared on the talk and game show Front Page Challenge[12] where he was featured not because of his fame as a Hollywood actor, but because of his association with the Regina Cyclone of 1912.[13] American stage actress Henrietta Crosman, who also later went on to Hollywood, was also in Regina at the time of the disaster and toured the devastation with members of her troupe.[14] Her company staged a benefit performance of Catherine Chisholm Cushing's comedy "The Real Thing" at the Regina Theatre (12th Avenue and Hamilton Street, previously on the site of the old Hudson's Bay department store, opened in 1910) on July 4, 1912, with a portion of the proceeds going to the tornado relief fund.[15] Over the years, some historians have mistakenly placed Karloff as a member of Crosman's company or as a member of the vaudevillian Albini-Avolos Company, which was a third theatrical troupe in Regina at the time of the 1912 tornado. The Albini-Avolos staged benefit performances for the tornado victims at the Regina Theatre on July 1 and 2.[16]
Popular culture Edit
Boris Karloff, Jeanne Russell, Henrietta Crosman, and the Albini-Avolos are all characters in BD Miller's musical drama, "Swept Off Our Feet: Boris Karloff and the Regina Cyclone", which commemorated the 100th anniversary of the disaster and premièred as a July 2012 production of Regina Summer Stage.[17] The novel Euphoria by Connie Gault won the 2009 Saskatchewan Book Award for Fiction and prominently features the Regina Cyclone.
See also Edit
Gallery Edit
Winnipeg Elevator after the tornado
Warehouse district after the tornado
Side view of Princess Theatre after tornado
Regina Tornado June 30, 1912
Regina downtown after tornado
People in front of damaged building
Metropolitan Methodist Church after the tornado
Damage to Metropolitan Methodist Church
North end of Regina after tornado
Downtown stores damaged by tornado
Destroyed Winnipeg Elevator Company buildings
Damaged office building after tornado
Damaged homes on Smith Street
Damage to the YWCA immediately north of Metropolitan Methodist Church on Lorne Street
Damage to buildings after the tornado
Damage to businesses after the tornado
Damage to buildings on Lorne St.
Damage caused by the tornado
Despite extensive efforts to work out the kinks in its finances, the Boulder College of Massage Therapy earlier this month lost a major donation commitment and will close for good this week, officials said.
Elective classes will be taught at the school's building, at 6255 Longbow Drive, through Oct. 5, but the final day of regular classes was Thursday. Its last graduation, during which 51 students will walk, will be Sunday, according to school president Dirk McCuistion.
The closure, formally announced in a letter to students Sept. 4, is the second the College of Massage Therapy has undergone this year. It is linked to a "constellation of issues related to the previous years of financial losses" and a decrease in the value of the school's facility, according to the letter.
The school appeared to be on the path to stability in July after Oklahoma oilman David Chernicky committed $1.5 million in support to the school, including sending a $653,525 letter of credit to the U.S. Department of Education so that the school might again access federal scholarship funding. But much of that support was later withdrawn, again putting the college at odds with state and federal education officials and leading to this week's shutdown, according to the letter sent to students.
"All I can say is we absolutely tried everything and it was a really hard-fought and exhausting journey, and it's really sad to see this as the end result," McCuistion said. "We worked with a very committed skeleton crew that was underfunded and working against all odds for two years, and we felt like we got sucker punched. But we gave it our best shot."
Advertisement
McCuistion, an alumnus, was appointed the school's president in January 2012 in hopes he could help it correct its financial issues. Enrollment increased and the curriculum and job placement rates improved on his watch, according to the school.
McCuistion said he does not know why Chernicky withdrew much of his support.
Emails sent to Chernicky and calls made to his company, New Dominion LLC, were not returned.
McCuistion said $250,000 provided by Chernicky was used to support the school's operations over its most recent quarter. The letter of credit will remain in place with the U.S. Department of Education until March 2014, McCuistion said.
The Colorado Division of Private Occupational Schools twice filed notices of noncompliance against the massage school this summer that threatened its license. The first notice, issued June 3, was related to school losing its federal Title IV scholarship funding and led the school's first closure, though the license was never revoked.
After the school reopened, a second notice was issued July 29, alleging that the school misled students by advertising that it was still offering federal financial aid, according to division director Lorna Candler.
McCuistion said that notice was based on the college's website featuring outdated information because the school lost its web designer following the first closure, but rather than argue that case before the Division of Private Occupational Schools' board, the school instead entered into a legal agreement with the state concerning its closure. The agreement establishes guidelines for providing refunds of prepaid money to students as well as connecting them with other schools that will provide a teach-out of their program.
Of the 14 students enrolled at Boulder College of Massage Therapy who will not graduate Sunday, McCuistion said 11 will transfer to the Massage Therapy Institute of Colorado in Denver, while three will not be immediately continuing their program.
He said he intends to speak about the school's legacy at graduation Sunday.
"There is a legacy that exists from the Boulder College of Massage Therapy and we've set very high standards that we hope they will continue," McCuistion said. "I'm proud of them because they stuck it out and they made it. They went through a stressful and tumultuous time. Life is an endurance race, and you've got to keep on keeping on."
McCuistion said he and other school officials are working on an arrangement to return their building to their real estate bondholder that should allow the college to keep its property. He said a liquidation sale may be arranged in the near future and will be advertised on the school's website, bcmt.org.
According to conventional wisdom, there were two big political winners from this week's Parliamentary vote authorising air strikes in Syria.
The first of these was David Cameron. To be fair to the Prime Minister, he did achieve a larger than expected parliamentary victory endorsing his plan to attack Islamic State in Syria as well as Iraq.
The second victor, so people say, was Labour's Foreign Affairs spokesman Hilary Benn. Mr Benn (son of the Left-winger Tony Benn, who was a long-time mentor to Jeremy Corbyn) is suddenly being lauded as a famous orator after his speech in favour of war.
After years below the political radar, Hilary Benn is now hailed by excitable commentators as Mr Corbyn's replacement as Labour leader.
At odds: Shadow foreign secretary Hilary Benn argued to support the government, at odds with his party leader Jeremy Corbyn during the Syria debate on Wednesday night
But I believe that only one politician deserves to emerge with an enhanced reputation as a result of the week's events. That figure is Jeremy Corbyn.
Whether or not you like Mr Corbyn (and I profoundly disagree with many of his policies), there is no denying that he emerged from the arguments over Syria as a man of moral courage, integrity and principle.
Indeed, how interesting that after months of denigrating Corbyn, the Blairite tendency — together with those excitable inhabitants of the Westminster bubble — have been made to look silly in their prediction that Labour would lose the Oldham by-election.
In the real world, it seems the voters have more time for the Labour leader than the metropolitan commentariat.
Faced with bitter hostility from his own side on Wednesday, Mr Corbyn stood his ground. Courteously, he set out his honest doubts about the wisdom of bombing raids on Syria.
David Cameron won a larger than expected parliamentary victory endorsing his plan to attack Islamic State in Syria as well as Iraq
To put his achievement another way, Mr Corbyn performed the role which every leader of the Opposition is expected to perform, according to British constitutional textbooks: he held the Government to account.
Unfortunately, this approach has become very unusual in modern politics just when it is most needed — before our country goes to war. None of the British adventures in Iraq, Afghanistan and Libya in recent years produced any gain for our country, to offset the sacrifices made during those conflicts by our soldiers and their families.
BOMBING WILL PUT US IN PERIL Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond went straight on TV following Wednesday's vote in favour of bombing Syria to declare that ‘Britain is safer tonight'. This remark was nonsense. Bombing Syria has no immediate effect on Islamic State's ability to mount a terrorist attack in Britain or on British people overseas. In fact, it makes such an attack more likely. Hammond was only able to peddle his claptrap to the public thanks to Jon Day, the little-known civil servant who shortly retires as Chairman of the Joint Intelligence Committee (JIC). Mr Day authorised David Cameron to tell MPs that the UK is ‘already in the top tier of countries that Islamic State is targeting', allowing the Prime Minister to insinuate to MPs that the terror threat could not get any worse. But even if this statement were true, it does not support Mr Hammond's claim that bombing would make us safer. It would simply imply that Britain was in no extra danger from the bombing of Syria. In fact, Mr Cameron's statement that attacking our enemy in Syria would not increase the danger on these shores was thoroughly disingenuous. This can be seen by study of the ISIS statement claiming responsibility for the Paris atrocities. It warned that the French would remain a terror target as long as they were ‘striking the Muslims in the land of the Caliphate with their planes'. In short — there is a very direct link between the terror threat and attacks on Islamic State. It goes without saying that no government pursuing principled aims should ever be deterred by fear of terrorist reprisal. But it would have been much better if David Cameron and his ministers had candidly and honestly told the British people about the risks they face from the policy which has been chosen by their government. They should have shown some trust in the British people to meet the standards of fortitude and endurance they have always shown in the past.
Quite the contrary — all three turned into disasters. Indeed, Islamic State came into being as a direct consequence of the Iraq invasion, as even Tony Blair grudgingly acknowledged recently.
Crucially, all three of these disasters were strongly supported by British Opposition leaders. In 2003, Iain Duncan Smith failed to ask the right questions ahead of the Iraq invasion. David Cameron failed as Tory leader when Tony Blair dispatched troops to southern Afghanistan in 2006. Ed Miliband was equally remiss over Libya.
At last we have an Opposition leader who does his job by opposing the government and asking the right questions. Throughout the debate, Jeremy Corbyn was calm, resolute and precise — a performance that was especially creditable given that he was subject to vilification from his own Labour MPs.
One of the most disloyal of these was Hilary Benn, whose speech on Wednesday night was not nearly as impressive as reported. Mr Benn showed no comprehension of the complexities of the Syrian civil war.
He offered no ideas of his own to contribute to a successful outcome. He is a political mediocrity who has become a convenient stalking horse for the Blairite faction which has been determined to destroy Jeremy Corbyn since he was elected.
There is growing evidence that the British people have seen through all the politicians cynically trying to exploit the war for their own ends. Polls now suggest that opposition is growing to David Cameron's decision to attack Syria.
Indeed, the Prime Minister's case for war is already in disarray. In particular, his claim that there are 70,000 ‘moderate' Syrian ground troops ready to fight ISIS is now in shreds.
Mr Cameron has personally insulted millions of British people (including many Daily Mail readers) who have doubts about the bombing by implying that they are supporters of terrorism.
I would be the first to agree that Jeremy Corbyn has made very serious mistakes during his three months as Labour leader. His economic policies are frankly incredible, and he has surrounded himself with too many unsavoury figures from the hard-Left factions which came close to destroying his party during the Eighties.
Furthermore, the conduct of some of Mr Corbyn's activists this week has been despicable, particularly the intimidation of Labour MPs such as Stella Creasy who, for entirely honourable reasons, chose to support the war.
Labour triumphed over UKIP at the Oldham by-election
Unquestionably, there are grave doubts surrounding Corbyn's leadership. It is hard to see that Labour can fight the next election if the party leader is in open warfare with his own MPs.
But these are problems for the future. I believe we should salute Jeremy Corbyn: this was by some distance the finest week of his leadership to date.
Following yesterday's Oldham by-election result, his position is now safer, at least in the short term. He can also take heart from the latest poll showing a solid lead for his party's candidate as London's Mayor, Sadiq Khan — who also voted against the war.
But whatever his ultimate fate, Jeremy Corbyn has performed a tremendous service to the cause of British Parliamentary democracy by forcing a real national debate about the decision to extend Britain's participation in the war.
For that, if nothing else, he — as voters in Oldham recognised, I suspect — deserves credit.
Mistake: UKIP's limp performance at the Oldham by-election raises very tough questions about Nigel Farage's future
It is now obvious that Nigel Farage made the biggest mistake of his career when he reneged on his promise to stand down as Ukip leader after the General Election.
His party's limp performance at the Oldham by-election raises very tough questions about his future — and Ukip's.
While Mr Farage has brilliantly lifted Ukip support from 3 per cent of voters to between 10 and 15 per cent, Oldham suggests that he may be incapable of expanding his party any more.
Indeed, it is possible that Mr Farage has become an obstacle to further progress because he repels more voters than he attracts.
The Ukip leader was always open to the charge of being a one-man band. Now, he feels very much like a one-man brand.
The most urgent question raised by the Oldham setback concerns the Euro referendum. To be fair to Mr Farage, this referendum would never have been called but for him. However, the Oldham performance suggests it can never be won if he is allowed to take a central role in the campaign.
I am a huge admirer of Mr Farage, who has done so much to change British politics for the better by giving a voice to people who were excluded from the democratic process.
Real Madrid The Brazilian was interviewed by Globoesporte
Flamengo youngster Vinicius Junior revealed that while he looks forward to messages of encouragement he receives from Real Madrid's Marcelo, for the time being he is enjoying his time in Brazil and not looking too far ahead.
The 17-year-old has made 18 appearances for the Rio de Janeiro team so far this season and the player is confident he will continue to shine on the pitch.
"I'm calm, I still do not think about the time to leave," he told Globoesporte.
"I still have one more year until I know I'm leaving. I'm enjoying the moment I live in Flamengo."
Speaking of his critics, Vinicius remained positive and denied they bother him.
"I'm not bothered by that," he claimed.
"I know my potential and I know how far I can go. I am going to work a lot at Flamengo so as to not only remain as a promise."
In May this year, Real signed Vinicius, but it will become effective after his 18th birthday, next year.
"I have not spoken with Zidane, but I did with Marcelo, Casemiro and Danilo, about what it is like living in Madrid," the Brazilian said.
"Whenever I play a good game, Marcelo sends me a message.
"I'm always waiting for that message."
A husband and wife were arrested today and charged with conspiring to have an elementary school parent volunteer arrested and imprisoned by planting drugs in her car because they felt she wasn't caring for their son properly, the Orange County district attorney's office reported.
Kent Wycliffe Easter, 38, and Jill Bjorkholm Easter, 38, of Irvine, were taken into custody by the Irvine Police Department and are charged with one felony count each of conspiracy to procure the false arrest and charging of the parent volunteer, false imprisonment, and conspiracy to falsely report a crime. If convicted, the pair face a maximum sentence of three years in state prison.
The charges stem from incidents that began in 2010, when the alleged victim was a parent volunteer at an elementary school in Irvine, where the Easters' son was a student. Prosecutors allege that Jill Easter thought the volunteer was not properly supervising their son and that in 2011 the couple plotted to have her arrested in retaliation.
At about 12:30 a.m. on Feb. 16, 2011, authorities say, Kent Easter -- an attorney -- drove to the home of Jane Doe and placed a bag of Vicodin, Percocet, marijuana, and a used marijuana pipe behind the driver's seat of her unlocked vehicle. The Easters are accused of being in constant cellphone and text message contact as Kent Easter drove to and from the alleged victim's home.
Later that day, at about 1:15 p.m., prosecutors say, Kent Easter called police while he was working from a Newport Beach hotel, provided a fake name and phone number and told the dispatcher he saw an erratic driver park at the elementary school. He also identified the alleged victim by name and told police he saw her hide a bag of drugs behind the driver's seat of her car. Prosecutors say the couple called and texted each other before and after the call to police.
Responding police officers found the car in the school parking lot with the bag of marijuana and contacted the volunteer on the school campus. The alleged victim consented to a search of her car but told police that the drugs did not belong to her and that she did not know how they ended up in her car, according to prosecutors.
The woman was detained for about two hours until Irvine detectives concluded she was in a classroom at the time Kent Easter claimed to have seen her hide drugs in her car. The woman also allowed police to search of her home, which showed no evidence to support drug use or possession and did not support a link to show that she was knowingly in possession of the marijuana or prescription pills found in her vehicle.
Authorities say detectives investigated whether the evidence had been planted in the woman's car and discovered that the call made to police was placed by Kent Easter from a phone in the business center of a Newport Beach hotel near where he worked. The hotel's video surveillance captured images of Easter at the time the call was placed, prosecutors said.
Kent Easter has been an active member of the California state bar since 1998. His wife was also admitted to the bar in 1998, but her license has since expired. The Easters are expected to be arraigned July 17.
CLOSE Burial teams are collecting bodies of those killed by Ebola in Sierra Leone to bury them under strict conditions in order to prevent the virus from spreading. Meanwhile in Spain, the first Ebola victim outside of Africa is released. (Nov. 5) AP
Prospective health care workers in the Kerry Town Ebola Treatment Center in Sierra Leone being tested on their personal protection equipment. (Photo11: Louis Leeson, AP)
Sierra Leone is reporting an increase in the number of new Ebola cases, with 435 confirmed in the past week.
About 24% of the Ebola cases in Sierra Leone have been reported in the past three weeks, although the outbreak began in March, according to the World Health Organization.
Those stark figures contrast with the hopeful news last week from Liberia, where the number of new cases has been falling. Officials at the WHO have said the drop in Liberia could be partly due to an increase in safe burials.
Ebola transmission in Guinea, where the outbreak started, "remains intense," according to the WHO.
Health officials from the WHO have cautioned, however, that the Ebola virus is unpredictable. Cases may appear to fall or level off only to come raging back a short time later.
Michael Osterholm, director of the Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy at the University of Minnesota, says people shouldn't overreact to the latest numbers. He notes that the number of Ebola cases can vary widely from day to day and week to week, much like daily fluctuations in temperatures.
Case reports may not be completely reliable, Osterholm says. Some families are clearly keeping their loved ones at home, rather than taking them to the hospital or calling an official burial team, because families want to avoid being forced to cremate their loved ones, he says. Traditional burial practices, in which family members and mourners touch the bodies of the deceased, have been blamed for spreading the virus. Cremating bodies is safer, but unpopular with many residents.
Because of these problems, case counts that rise and fall from week to week are "really hard to interpret," Osterholm says.
Regardless of what the numbers show, most agree there's no doubt that the situation in Sierra Leone is serious, Ebola has spread to every district in Sierra Leone, said Tim Shenk, a spokesman for Doctors Without Borders.
"The government has put five of the worst affected districts under quarantine, setting up checkpoints on roads to prevent people leaving the area -- measures which affect between 1 and 2 million people," Shenk said.
But the government's response has been uncoordinated at both the local and national level, Shenk said. Up to 85% of calls to Sierra Leone's Ebola hotline get no response. There is a shortage of ambulances and labs, so that test results are often delayed. The country also lacks a strong surveillance system to detect new cases and trace contacts.
"Transit centers" used to house people with suspected Ebola cases are overcrowded, leading staff to send many patients on to treatment centers, where people without Ebola could be exposed to patients with the disease, Shenk said.
"As there are few treatment centers, and these are often far away, people often die on the long journey there," Shenk said. "Dead bodies have the highest viral load possible, putting other passengers (in cars and vans) at risk."
Although "the international response is beginning to get underway, but it is slow and uncoordinated," Shenk said. Although several countries have pledged to build new treatment cetners, "getting these new centers up and running is a matter of urgency."
The United States is opening a clinic this weekend to treat infected health care workers outside Monrovia.
A British-built Ebola treatment clinic in Sierra Leone, equipped to treat 80 people, opened this week.
A total of 13,268 people have been infected with Ebola and 4,960 have died, mostly in the hard-hit West African nations of Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone.
Even with the additional facilities, the WHO reports that West Africa has only 22% of the hospital beds it needs to treat patients with Ebola. Only about half of Ebola patients are being isolated appropriately to prevent the spread of the virus. Just 27% of all the burial teams needed to halt the spread of Ebola are trained and in place.
Ebola has caused the West African countries' already fragile health systems to collapse, said Lina Moses, an epidemiologist with Tulane University's Ebola task force who has worked in Sierra Leone.
According to the WHO, there have been 549 infections and 311 deaths of health care workers in the three hardest hit countries. The WHO has moved more than 1 million sets of personal protective equipment to West Africa to protect workers.
Mothers wait inline for their children to be vaccinated by heath workers at the Pipeline Community Health Center, situated on the outskirts of Monrovia, Liberia. The Ebola outbreak has spawned hidden cases of malaria, pneumonia, typhoid and the like that are going untreated because people in the countries the hardest hit by Ebola either cannot find an open clinic or are too afraid to go to one. (Photo11: Abbas Dulleh, AP)
With many hospitals now devoted entirely to Ebola patients, there is no place for patients to receive treatment for malaria or medical emergencies, said Armand Sprecher, a physician and epidemiologist with Doctors Without Borders.
"The number of people dying of non-Ebola causes is unknown, but it may be larger than the number of people dying of Ebola," Sprecher said.
Women in Sierra Leone are now at high risk of dying in childbirth because of the lack of doctors willing to perform C-sections, Moses said. Many doctors are afraid of contracting Ebola during the procedure because it involves a lot of blood.
Some health care workers from West Africa are unwilling to report to work for fear of contracting the virus, Moses said. Government agencies are often unable to meet their payrolls, making workers even less willing to report to work, Moses said. Burial teams went on strike earlier this fall because they hadn't been paid.
Osterholm says that the USA and other countries should try to help make sure that sanitary and health workers get their paychecks on time, and also make sure that they are guaranteed health care if they fall ill. Both measures could encourage more workers to help fight Ebola, he said.
"Most of them are the primary breadwinners for their families," said Moses, who is returning to Sierra Leone this weekend. "If they die of Ebola, their families are going to starve. That is a really good incentive not to show up for work."
CLOSE Vinson appeared on the "Today" show to talk about what really happened in the days before she was diagnosed with Ebola. USA TODAY medical reporter Liz Szabo weighs in on the interview. (USA NOW, USA TODAY)
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1qrD4or
Kickstarter loves games. Specifically, the company loves their Games category. As of August 31st, the Games section of Kickstarter has seen $50,330,275 pledged so far this year to the various goods and services it represents. Considering that the amount pledged for 2011 came to a grand total of $3,615,841, it's a staggering increase. As much as Kickstarter loves games, it looks like games just might love Kickstarter too.
Kickstarter's breakdown on their blog attributes much of this growth to the Double Fine Adventure project. Double Fine managed to make developers aware that, hey, maybe not everyone has to go through a publisher for funding. Since Double Fine's debut in February of this year, pledges in the Games category have continued to increase.
That's not just video games, either. Kickstarter's Games category actually includes board, card, and various other types of games. For example, Mobile Frame Zero: Rapid Attack falls under the Games category, as it's a game played with mech units built out of LEGO. Even this subcategory has seen considerable increases this year.
The company also notes that users who back something in the Games category first go on to become some of the most prolific backers. The number of projects for a game backer averages out to 2.43 projects as compared to the average of 1.78 across all others. Gamers want more games, it seems.
Interestingly enough, while video game projects often see far higher pledge amounts, board and card games are successfully funded more often. This is likely due to the nature of the project, as a video game costs far more to make than a board game. It's one thing to make a board and design some rules for it; it's quite another to program the board, rules, players, scenario, and everything else involved.
(via Kickstarter)
Relevant to your interests
While the Los Angeles Lakers have endured a (predictably) poor start to the 2014-15 season, their future Hall of Famer Kobe Bryant continues to rack up individual milestones. In one game last month, he picked up his 20th career triple double and became the first player in league history to record 30,000 career points and 6,000 career assists. And after a 32-point outburst Tuesday night, Bryant moved to within 30 points of Michael Jordan and third place on the NBA's all-time scoring list — meaning Bryant could pass Jordan in the Lakers' Friday night game against the San Antonio Spurs.
Jordan has always been an easy comparison for Bryant. The two men play the same position (shooting guard), are built similarly (both stand 6 feet 6 and weigh about 200 pounds), seem to possess the same maniacal work ethic, and even have similar-looking games. Bryant's championship count, five, even rivals Jordan's six. In the minds of many fans, Bryant is the closest to Jordan the game has seen since Jordan retired for good in 2003.
Statistically, though, there's never really been much of a comparison. According to most advanced metrics, Jordan was better than Bryant at both ends of the floor. (This is true even if we restrict both players to the same block of seasons by age so we're comparing apples to apples. Kobe entered the NBA at age 18, and he's 36 now; Jordan played from age 21 to 34, retired and played again from age 38 to 39. So their overlapping years are 21 to 34.)
Offensively, Bryant can't hold a candle to Jordan, mainly because of a disparity in efficiency. After translating both Jordan's and Bryant's stats to a league-wide offensive efficiency level of 106 points per 100 possessions to account for the changes in the game (the NBA's overall average since it merged with the ABA in 1976), Jordan posted an offensive rating of 118.4 between the ages of 21 and 34, while Bryant put up a rating of 112.4. For a top scorer like Bryant or Jordan, an offensive rating boost of six points per 100 possessions can mean an extra four wins for his team in an 82-game season.
Because of an effect known as “skill curves,” it can be misleading to directly compare efficiency numbers between players with different offensive responsibilities. (This is why Steve Kerr and Fred Holberg aren't better offensive players than Allen Iverson and Carmelo Anthony, for instance.) But Jordan's and Bryant's roles were of roughly the same, so it's a fair comparison; between the ages of 21 and 34, Jordan used 31.9 percent of the Chicago Bulls' possessions while on the floor, while Bryant used 31.6 percent of the Lakers' possessions when he was in the game. In other words, with essentially the same volume of the offense being directed through each player, Jordan was just a lot more efficient than Bryant at turning possessions into points.
Why? Jordan shot the ball more accurately than Bryant, with a true shooting percentage of .580 to Bryant's .556 — and that number even includes Bryant's superior three-point shooting (particularly by volume) and a slight edge to Bryant at the free throw line as well. This means Jordan's shooting advantage was almost totally driven by a better success rate on 2-pointers, where he crushed Bryant 52.0 percent to 48.5 percent despite the high likelihood that Bryant has taken more shots closer to the rim than Jordan did. (Even though a much larger proportion of Bryant's shots came from three-point territory, Bryant's rate of drawing fouls per shot attempt — a good proxy for how close to the basket a player is taking his shots — was higher than Jordan's.)
Jordan also protected the ball much better than Bryant. Between the ages of 21 and 34, Jordan turned the ball over on just 9.3 percent of his possessions, the best rate ever among players with such a high volume of shooting. Bryant isn't exactly careless with the ball, but Jordan's combination of a high usage rate, great shooting efficiency, a good assist rate and a microscopic rate of turnovers is what makes him arguably the best offensive player of the NBA's post-merger era.
Even when coupled with usage rate, it's possible for individual efficiency numbers to belie a player's true offensive contribution. A more sophisticated approach to measuring a player's effect on his team's offense can be found in statistical plus/minus metrics like Daniel Myers's Box Plus/Minus (BPM). By that measure, Jordan helped his teams' offenses by about 2.3 more points per 100 possessions than Bryant did between ages 21 and 34. We can't be sure what a player's actual on-court impact was before 2001 because we don't have play-by-play data, but this reconstruction of regularized adjusted plus/minus for the 1990s (using box score and quarter-by-quarter score data) estimates that Jordan was, by far, the best offensive player of that decade. (By contrast, Bryant's offensive impact ranks fourth relative to his peers.)
Meanwhile, on defense Bryant looks like the Derek Jeter of the NBA — soaking up defensive accolades on reputation rather than performance. Over his career (which includes 12 All-Defensive team nods) the Lakers have only been 0.6 points per 100 possessions better than average defensively, and Bryant's long-term regularized defensive plus/minus of -0.9 is below average. Synergy Sports, the video-tracking service that classifies every play a player is involved in, has the most favorable view of Bryant defensively but still considers him to be just a 55th percentile defender on aggregate since it began tracking full-season data in 2006-07 (a span over which Bryant was named to six All-Defensive squads).
We don't have Synergy numbers for Jordan defensively, but what evidence we do have suggests that he was better than Bryant at that end of the court. Jordan posted higher rates of steals, blocks and defensive rebounds than Bryant, and team-based defensive metrics like Dean Oliver's defensive rating consider Jordan far superior (101.1 to 105.4; lower is better on defense) over the age 21 through 34 spans after translating for era. Furthermore, the defensive component of Myers's BPM lists Jordan as saving about 1.4 points per 100 possessions relative to Bryant (whom the metric considers a below-average defender). And while Jordan was in the top 12 percent of 1990s defenders by the aforementioned reconstructed plus/minus rating, Bryant was in the bottom 42 percent of his peers in defensive regularized plus/minus.
Bryant will catch — and pass — M.J. on the all-time scoring list soon, but that shouldn't be taken as an indication that Bryant has been a better basketball player than Jordan. To the contrary, the best statistical evidence at our disposal shows there really isn't any legitimate way to make the argument for Bryant's superiority. It's only natural to hold the two players up side by side because of their superficial similarities, but a serious breakdown of the numbers renders all of those comparisons silly — the better player is Jordan, in a landslide.
As the American public screams for logic regarding marijuana laws in the U.S., and the New York State Senate turns its back-fat on New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo's most recent plead for sanity regarding the decriminalization for minor sums of weed.
It looks like there is a new schmuck on the block. New Jersey's small minded and hypocritically inclined Gov. Chris Christie, has vowed to veto any bill that the New Jersey assembly may pass reducing the punishments for marijuana possession.
[nggallery id=202]
In Gov. Christie's sad and pathetic attempt to try and justify his stance on crushing the New Jersey assembly's attempt at reducing penalties for marijuana, Gov. Christie pointed out that federal law supersedes state law. And when state law contradicts with federal law – the feds always wins.
When asked about New Jersey's propensity for gambling, Mr. logic went on to explain that “gambling” was a common occurrence – everyone gambles in New Jersey, and everybody knows it.
Well Mr. Christie – you miserable, wretched beast …we have news for you. The majority of Americans smoke weed daily. Everybody knows that as well. The day of reckoning for your generation of hired liars is nearly at hand. You and the other ideologues have kept your foot on the throat of the American public regarding the marijuana issue, for far too long. The tide of demographics is changing, and the votes are coming our way. Enjoy your political career while you can, because the flood of marijuana is rising right around your neck and you don't even see it.
So i did a lot of thinking at work tonight, i've been able to do a lot more thinking at work recently. I started thinking about us, mankind, and how we really are the cancer of the earth. deforestation, overfishing, the drilling for oil. I mean we have only being around for a blink of the eye compared to the 180 million years the dinosaurs were around for and we as a species have already done so much damage.
I guess a good way to put it into perspective is to look at sharks, these creatures have been around for over 400 million years! Yes! over 400,000,000 years, that's before dinosaurs even existed! There have been at least 5 mass extinctions known during life on earth, with the 3rd one at the end of Permian period wiping out 80 - 95% of all marine life.
Yet sharks survived every mass extinction, they are the apex predator of the ocean and nature has selected them for a reason.
Then we came along, and now shark populations have decimated 80% to 90% in the last 50 years, mainly due to the popular dish ‘Shark Fin Soup' which has fuelled the shark fin trade, where they cut the fins off alive sharks and toss them back to die at the bottom of the ocean.
If sharks were to become extinct what effect would that have on the delicate ecosystem they are apart of as apex predators? What would happen to our ocean? How will it effect the entire planet? There is the theory that without sharks, Phytoplankton, which create oxygen through photosynthesis would decline due to sharks not being able to control certain populations of marine life that feed on it, resulting in less oxygen for us to breathe…
Then i thought, what if mankind is the sixth extinction? what if due to our highly destructive nature we ourselves are the thing nature brought about to destroy ourselves and whatever resources the world has to make way for what ever comes next? In the history of life, we are nothing, the smallest event so far. And at the rate things are going it probably is going to stay that way.
But you know what, if Mankind is stupid enough to wipe out something that could have such a negative effect on the world we live in, then we deserve to die.
They say about 3 sharks are killed every second, how many seconds did it take to read this?
Apple has formally announced a media event for next Tuesday, October 23, and it may very well be about the iPad mini. The invitation, sent to select members of the media, shows a vague image of an Apple logo and reads, "We've got a little more to show you."
It has long been rumored that Apple would introduce a 7.85-inch version of the iPad this year before the holiday season, even though the company's release cycle for the iPad typically happens in the springtime. Unsurprisingly, Apple has not commented publicly on the iPad mini, but the rumor mill has pointed to it not having a "retina" class display like the current version of the (full-sized) iPad. There are also rumors that Apple may introduce updated Macs during the event.
This is not the first time Apple has held a media event in October, only a month after holding its annual fall music (and now iPhone) event in September. The company has held a second fall event several times in the past, though the last one was in 2008 when the company introduced new notebooks.
As per the invitation, this October event will be taking place at 10am Pacific Time at the California Theater in San Jose, CA. Ars will be there covering the event live, so stay tuned for October 23 for our liveblog and coverage!
Read more:
It was a very strange year at catcher. The top of the end of season catcher rankings don't look too unusual with Jonathan Lucroy and Buster Posey at the top, but those full-season numbers do not capture the amazing impact three catchers who become starters midseason had. Gary Sanchez's prospect star had faded a bit in recent seasons, but that reflected defensive doubts. Most scouts agreed that Sanchez would hit if he could field his position. Willson Contreras had become the top catching prospect, and he immediately delivered on that promise with the Cubs.
Sandy Leon was completely different. Leon made his debut with the Nationals all the way back in 2012, and Wilson Ramos was not the only reason Leon never played regularly before this season. In his 235 plate appearances from 2012-15, Leon slashed an abysmal .187/.258/.225. His .223 wOBA over that period made him roughly equivalent at the plate to Mike Leake. This season, Leon was tied with Lucroy for the third-highest wOBA of .362. He was nearly identical to Contreras in both plate appearances and production.
Best 2016 wOBA, Catcher, 200+ PA Player PA wOBA Gary Sanchez 229 .425 Willson Contreras 283 .363 Sandy Leon 283 .362 Jonathan Lucroy 544 .362 Wilson Ramos 523 .361
Leon's own status as a non-prospect was not the only obstacle he overcame this season. Ten months ago, the Red Sox seemed set at catcher with 23-year-old prospect Blake Swihart coming off a promising rookie season in which he produced a .321 wOBA and 25-year-old defensive wizard Christian Vazquez back healthy following Tommy John surgery. Their struggles earned Leon a chance, and Leon was too good with that opportunity for the team to take the job back from him.
In mid-August, Jeff Sullivan noted that Leon had outperformed his preseason ZiPS projection by more than any other batter with 100 plate appearances at that time. That would likely put Leon atop most analysts' potential bust lists for 2017, and even a cursory look at Leon's peripheral numbers back up that skepticism. Specifically, Leon's .310/.369/.476 triple slash was propped up by a .392 BABIP.
Unlike pitchers, many batters can support BABIPs well above .300, but Leon doesn't have one of the two main ingredients for that: speed. Leon didn't steal a single base this season. Among hitters with at least 200 plate appearances and fewer than 10 steals in a season since 2002, Leon produced the 14th-best BABIP. Tyler Naquin and David Dahl were also in that top 15 because of this season, and Chris Colabello saw just 32 plate appearances in his next season (2016). The other 11 batters all saw their subsequent season BABIPs drop anywhere from 28 points to 127 points. On average, the 47 batters with a BABIP of .370 or better, at least 200 plate appearances, and fewer than 10 steals in a season who saw another 200 plate appearances and stole fewer than 10 bases the following season saw their BABIPs decline by 60 points, from .382 to .322.
Drop Leon's BABIP by 60 points, and his resulting .250 average, 7 home runs and 0 steals would look a lot like Stephen Vogt (.251, 14, and 0) over a full season. Vogt was the No. 14 catcher in the end of season rankings.
Still, I think the No. 28 ranking from Brad Johnson's catcher rankings article is too pessimistic because, even if Leon is hit hard with regression, I think he demonstrated enough defensively to earn himself job security. Leon has been particularly impressive in his career at limiting the opposing running game. He threw out 13 of 33 attempting basestealers this season (39 percent) and picked off two other runners. Now for his career, Leon has a caught stealing rate of 42 percent, which is the best among catchers who have caught at least 1,000 innings since 2012.
Best Caught Stealing Rate, 2012-16, 1,000+ Innings Player CS SB CS Rate Sandy Leon 28 39 42% Roberto Perez 34 52 40% James McCann 49 78 39% Yadier Molina 107 191 36% Rene Rivera 75 148 34%
Leon has moderate power, decent plate discipline—he had an 8.1 percent walk rate and a 23.3 percent strikeout rate in 2016—he is part of the most productive offense in baseball, and he should have job security in 2017. I would take a shot on him in two-catcher and AL-only formats.
After catching glimpses of Leon Draisaitl at rookie camp in July and during the exhibition season, he's been exactly as expected in the regular season: not great, not good, not bad.
He reminds me in one way of Magnus Paajarvi, another young European first rounder who made his way at a young age to the Edmonton Oilers. Draisaitl sees the ice better than did Paajarvi, he's bigger and his passing skills are far superior, though Paajarvi was certainly faster. What the players share is that they're both focused on playing responsible hockey. They don't cheat for offence, they defer on offence. They're mainly interested in not making a mistake, especially in their own end.
This isn't a bad trait at all, and it certainly differs with so many other young Oilers, who are constantly busting out to attack, even when the puck isn't safe and soundly in Oilers possession. Paajarvi has yet to make his mark on a good St. Louis Blue team, partly because he's never found his offensive game in the NHL.
Will the same happen with Draisaitl? Barring a minor miracle, we're going to get a better idea here in Edmonton in the next few months. My sense is that because Draisaitl has better vision and superior passing skills, he's going to find a way to put up a decent number of points as an NHLer.
He's a step behind the play now, partly because of his cautious style, but his passes are almost always right on the tape and his defensive positioning is passable. He's got to more aggressively fight for position on both the defensive and offensive boards, and it will be interesting to see if he's got that kind of fight.
So far, Draisaitl has the best individual scoring chances plus-minus of any Oilers centre, but it's important not to make much of that for a few reasons. First off, not one of the Oilers centres has a superlative scoring chances plus-minus, something in the +1.5 to +2.5 range per game. Secondly, Draisaitl has been getting the easiest minutes of any Oilers centre, with Boyd Gordon facing tough competition in tough own-zone faceoffs and Ryan Nugent-Hopkins also regularly facing off against top opposition centres.
Gordon's plus-minus total is plenty good, given the tough situations he's regularly faced. In fact, if we were to name an early season MVP on the Oilers, that player would be Gordon, Jesse Joensuu or one of three d-men, Nikita Nikitin, Justin Schultz and Jeff Petry. They've been the Oilers best and most consistent two-way players, with David Perron also in the mix there.
The good news, if you're a glass half full type, is that the top line of Nugent-Hopkins, Hall and Eberle is not yet consistently playing strong two-way hockey, especially against top competition. If those three can get it rolling and hold their own more against the best of the West, the Oilers have a chance here at playoff contention. But that's a tall order.
As for Draisaitl, there's been plenty to like about his game so far, even as he's clearly still finding his way in the NHL.
BHOPAL: Winning nearly 8 of the 10 civic bodies of the state where polls were held on August 12, BJP clean swept the rival Congress in these elections.As per the latest updates, BJP has won 7 including Ujjain Municipal Corporations and is leading on Morena Municipal Corporation. On the remaining two seats Congress has won the Sarangpur Nagar Parishad, seat in Rajgarh district and an independent candidate has won from Dhuwara Nagar Parishad of Chhatarpur district.On August 12, civic polls were held in Ujjain Municipal Corporation, Morena Municipal Corporation, Nagar Palika Parishad Vidisha, Sarangpur Nagar Palika Parishad in Rajgarh, Dhuwara Nagar Palika Parishad in Chhatarpur, Kotar Nagar Parishad in Satna, Chakghat Nagar Parishad in Rewa, Bhainsdehi Nagar Parishad in Betul and Suwashra Nagar Parishad in Mandsaur, and Harda Nagar Palika Parishad. Of these in Harda and Bhaisdehi of Betul, it were bypolls held only for the post of chairman.Of these, BJP's Meena Jonwal has won the Ujjain Mayor seat, BJP's Ashok Argal is leading on Morena Mayor seat, BJP's Sadhna Surendra Jain has won the Harda Nagar Palika seat, BJP's Mukesh Tandon has won the Vidisha Nagar Palika Parishad, BJP's Shanti Devi Sharma has won the Kotar Nagar Parishad seat in Satna, BJP's Meenakshi Alakhnarayan Kesharwani has won the Chakghat Nagar Parishad seat in Rewa district, BJP's Anil Singh Thakur won the Bhainsdehi Nagar Parishad seat in Betul and BJP's Maganlal won the Suwasra Nagar Parishad seat in Mandsaur district.Meanwhile, Congress's Rupal Patel won the Sarangpur Nagar Parishad seat in Rajgarh district and an independent candidate Arun Kumari won the Dhuwara Nagar Parishad seat in Chhatarpur district.
The safety of the two vaccines routinely recommended for pregnant women were reported in two separate studies recently, providing additional reassurance that the shots designed to protect against the flu and whooping cough also pose little risk to a woman or her fetus.
The influenza vaccine paper, published Nov. 18 in Clinical Infectious Diseases, pooled the findings of seven previous studies to find a slightly lower risk of stillbirth and miscarriage in women who received H1N1 flu vaccines during pregnancy compared to unvaccinated women.
"This is a somewhat comprehensive meta-analysis," said senior author Saad Omer, an associate professor of global health at Emory University. "The findings were not really surprising but they were reassuring in that all the bigger and higher quality studies, with a lower chance of randomness in the results, pointed in the same direction."
Even though the study found an apparent protective effect from the vaccine – lower risk of miscarriage or stillbirth in vaccinated mothers – it's not yet clear if that's a real effect or one influenced by other factors. Omer and his colleagues are looking into possible biological explanations, such as a reduction in inflammation in those who were vaccinated. These studies were all focused on H1N1 strains (including one 1976 strain), but Omer's team is also presently analyzing data from three randomized controlled trials of flu vaccination during pregnancy, all funded by the Gates Foundation and conducted in South Africa, Nepal and Mali. Only the South African trial's results have been published, but as the others wrap up, the data from all three can be combined for a larger sample to look for more rare outcomes. "So far the data looks very reassuring," he said.
The second study, published in JAMA Nov. 12, analyzed more than 120,000 live births from 2010 through 2012 at two California sites participating in the Vaccine Safety Datalink program. About one in five of these women (21%) received the Tdap during pregnancy. The researchers found no difference in the rates of preterm birth or underweight babies among mothers who did or did not receive the vaccine, and those who got the vaccine before 20 weeks of pregnancy were at no higher risk for high blood pressure during pregnancy than those who didn't.
The only risk observed was a 19 percent higher risk in Tdap-vaccinated mothers for the bacterial infection chorioamnionitis. This risk, however, was potentially due to unrelated factors not accounted for in the overall analysis, such as receipt of an epidural since nearly all the women with this infection received an epidural. (The authors didn't have enough data about epidurals for the full sample to account for this factor.)
The CDC Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP) began recommending in October 2012 that all pregnant women receive Tdap vaccine between 27 and 36 weeks of every pregnancy. Tdap protects against tetanus, diphtheria and, most importantly, pertussis, also known as whooping cough. Pertussis rates have soared in recent years, primarily due to waning in the current vaccine but also partly due to low vaccine uptake in some areas.
Infants under 2 to 3 months old are the most vulnerable, but babies don't get their first pertussis vaccine until 2 months old. Their best chance of protection against whooping cough, then, is getting antibodies from their mothers during pregnancy. A small study in JAMA earlier this year showed that newborns whose mothers received the Tdap during pregnancy had nearly five times the concentration of pertussis antibodies as babies whose mothers did not get the booster.
Meanwhile, the CDC has recommended for more than a decade that women receive the influenza vaccine before each flu season since pregnant women are at increased risk for flu-related complications, including premature labor, preterm birth and miscarriage. Yet barriers to vaccination have remained despite plenty of evidence regarding the safety of flu vaccines during pregnancy, and rates of Tdap uptake are even lower. A study last month found fewer than a third of pregnant women received the Tdap.
Yet these recommendations are so important that a letter (PDF) from the Department of Health and Human Services went out to providers in October to emphasize the importance of both immunizations for women during pregnancy. The letter was signed by the heads of 14 professional organizations, including the American Academy of Pediatricians, the American College of Nurse-Midwives and the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.
"We – young parents – have been programmed, rightfully so, to be cautious in terms of what they are exposed to during pregnancy," Omer said. "That overall cautiousness is good, but sometimes that spills over into something that is very useful."
He said women will ask "Why risk it?" about getting a vaccine, just in case there is an adverse effect. "But what people don't realize is the other side," he said. "There is substantial evidence that flu itself has impact on the mother, the fetus and the baby. By not getting vaccinated, they are taking more of a chance. That message hasn't been more effectively communicated so far."
Similarly, not getting the Tdap during pregnancy means less opportunity for babies to ward off whooping cough in those first few months before they get their first shots. The previously recommended strategy of postpartum Tdap vaccination and "cocooning" – where other household members get the vaccine to create a protective "cocoon" around a newborn – have not borne out as effective enough. But vaccination during pregnancy appears to offer more protection. And rates of pertussis show no sign of slowing down.
On the day Friedrichs was argued, those hoping for signs of a union-friendly Scalia left the Court severely disappointed. With his trademark gusto, Scalia tore into core arguments made by the union and government attorneys. Conservative pundits could barely contain their joy, while liberals began editing their obituaries for the American labor movement.
But with news of Scalia's passing on Saturday, a new question emerged: Assuming Justice Scalia was indeed part of a five-justice majority to hold mandatory union fees unconstitutional, what will become of Friedrichs? There are two possibilities. First, sometime between now and July, the Court could hand down a 4-4 decision. A tie goes to the victor in the lower court, and in this case the union won handily before the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, which simply applied Abood. Second, the Court could hold the case over for re-argument once a new justice is confirmed. But the Court may be unwilling to leave Friedrichs and other close cases undecided while a confirmation battle plays out—especially because that battle seems to be shaping up to last a year or more.
At minimum, then, Abood is nearly certain to remain good law through the 2016 election. That alone is a victory for public unions, which will not be forced to divert member dues away from political activity in the middle of a presidential-campaign season.
If the Court does set Friedrichs for re-argument—or if the issue reaches the Court again in another case, as it is likely to do—then the outcome will all be down to the new Justice. A Justice appointed by a Democrat is much more likely to vote to uphold Abood than one appointed by a Republican, though there are no guarantees. For example, Judge Sri Srinivasan, a likely President Obama nominee, has decided several First Amendment cases during his two and a half years on D.C. Circuit, but none addressing union fees. Still, Srinivasan voted to reject free-speech challenges to commercial-disclosure requirements, as well as against First Amendment protection for a public-school teacher who sent an email criticizing school conditions to Chancellor Michelle Rhee. These votes bode well for public-sector unions, though extrapolating from cases in which appellate judges are bound to apply Supreme Court precedent can be perilous. Conversely, potential Republican nominees, such as former Solicitor General Paul Clement, are more likely to follow in the steps of Justice Samuel Alito, who has been remarkably hostile to public unions.
If Abood stands—either because of a 4-4 decision or because a new Justice provides the fifth vote to affirm it—it will not spell the end of challenges to public-sector unions. Cases with the potential to chip away at organized labor will continue to reach the courts in significant numbers no matter what, and they will proliferate if the next justice is a Republican appointee. More important, states may still adopt “right-to-work” laws banning mandatory union fees, as the West Virginia legislature voted to do last week, or to eliminate collective bargaining for public employees altogether. Thus, a favorable decision in Friedrichs will not eliminate contentious fights over union rights—it will just move them to state governments, which increasingly lean Republican.
There is evidence that reading can increase levels of all three major categories of intelligence. I believe my discovery of Spider-Man and other comic books turned me into a straight-A student
When I was eight years old, I still couldn't read. I remember my teacher Mrs Browning walking over to my desk and asking me to read a few sentences from a Dick and Jane book. She pointed to a word. "Tuh-hee," I said, trying to pronounce it. "The," she said, correcting me, and that's when it clicked – the moment when I learned to read the word "the".
Growing up in Teaneck, New Jersey, in the 1960s, I was what Mrs Browning called "slow". During a parent-teacher meeting, she told my mother: "Daniel is a slow learner." I sat during lunch in the gymnasium with the – forgive the term – dumb kids. I was grouped with them during reading and maths: the "slow group".
And then, a year later, I was rescued by Spider-Man. My best friend Dan, who was reading chapter books by kindergarten, had started reading Spider-Man and other comics with some other kid, and together they began drawing and writing their own comics. In response to this loathsome intruder's kidnapping of my best friend, I began reading comics, too, and then began scrawling and scribbling my own. Soon, Dan and I were happily spending every afternoon on our masterworks, while the interloper was never heard from again.
By age 11, I was getting straight As. Later in my teens, I took a college admissions course in the US, and scored the equivalent of 136 on an IQ test. So what happened there? Was Mrs Browning right – was I actually "slow" when I was eight – and did I somehow become smarter because I immersed myself in reading and writing comic books?
In part to answer that question, I spent three years interviewing psychologists and neuroscientists around the world, reviewing their studies and testing new methods they claim can increase intelligence. And while nobody would ever call reading a "new" method for improving the mind, recent scientific studies have confirmed that reading and intelligence have a relationship so close as to be symbiotic.
That goes for all three meanings of the word "intelligence" widely recognised by psychologist. First, there is "crystallised intelligence" – the potpourri of knowledge that fills your brain. When you learn how to ride a bicycle, or the name of a new friend, you are gaining not just information but potentially useful knowledge that, in aggregate, forms the backbone of your ability to navigate and thrive in the world. By adding to that storehouse, reading increases your crystallised intelligence. That explains why some IQ tests include vocabulary words, which generally serve as a reliable proxy of how clever you are.
But all of us know people with little "book knowledge" who are nonetheless sharp and insightful. "Fluid intelligence" is that ability to solve problems, understand things and detect meaningful patterns. Of course, you can read little or nothing at all and still be brilliant at "reading between the lines" of a conversation. But in today's world, fluid intelligence and reading generally go hand in hand. In fact, the increased emphasis on critical reading and writing skills in schools may partly explain why students perform, on average, about 20 points higher on IQ tests than in the early 20th century. The so-called Flynn effect is named after James Flynn, a New Zealand professor who has devoted much of his career to studying the worldwide phenomena of increasing IQ scores. But if reading can increase fluid intelligence, the converse is also true: increased fluid intelligence also improves reading comprehension, according to studies by Jason Chein of Temple University in Philadelphia. He used "working memory" tasks that train people's ability to juggle and continually update multiple items of attention – to keep track of a moving dot, for instance, and recognise when it lands on a spot it occupied two, three or more moves ago. In papers published in scientific journals in 2010 and 2011, he showed that as both younger and older adults improved their performance on working-memory tasks, they were better able to comprehend reading materials.
A third type of intelligence has gained widespread interest of late: "emotional intelligence", the ability to accurately read and respond to your own and others' feelings. It may seem odd to imagine that reading can improve your emotional intelligence. But in October, the journal Science published an extraordinary study showing that reading literary fiction can improve people's theory of mind (ToM) – their ability to understand others' mental states. David Comer Kidd and Emanuele Castano, both of the New School for Social Research in New York, enlisted hundreds of participants online to read examples of either non-fiction, popular fiction or literary fiction, and then to take tests measuring the accuracy of their ToM. In five experiments, they showed that reading literary fiction led to better performance on tests of both emotional and cognitive ToM compared with reading non-fiction, popular fiction or nothing at all.
The literary fiction found to increase people's ToM included A Chameleon by Anton Chekhov, The Runner by Don DeLillo, and The Tiger's Wife by Téa Obreht. The study did, however, contain a glaring omission: it failed to measure the extraordinary impact of Spider-Man by that great literary genius, Stan Lee.
A poster on Chinese social media site Weibo has supposedly photographed part of the spec sheet for Apple's soon-to-be-unveiled 4 inch iPhone. The image appeared on the social media site earlier in the week and is likely legitimate, given the official announcement is just a matter of days away.
The image confirms the rumored ‘iPhone SE' nomenclature and existence of a 16 GB size option for the new phone. This confirms numerous reports from 9to5Mac in the past.
Try Amazon Prime 30-Day Free Trial
We have previously reported that the iPhone SE will come in 16 GB and 64 GB SKU's. It will replace the iPhone 5s in the lineup which is currently offered in 16 GB and 32 GB configurations. The 16 -> 64 lineup matches with the trend of other iOS devices, like the flagship iPhones which are sold in 16 GB and 64 GB capacities, but not 32 GB. It will be offered in silver, space grey, gold and rose gold casing colors.
The leaked image also shows the phone supports NFC for Apple Pay. Again, this confirms our earlier reports. The inclusion of Apple Pay will help boost adoption of Apple's mobile payments service, as the 5s (which the SE will replace) does not support the feature at all.
Interestingly, supply chain leaks about the iPhone SE have been practically non-existent … unusual for iPhone releases. We are already seeing plentiful leaks about the iPhone 7 due in the fall, for instance.
The silence (outside of our own coverage) is probably due to the fact that the iPhone SE will sell in far smaller volumes than flagship iPhones. In addition, it is expected to visually appear nearly identical to the iPhone 5s, making it less interesting for prospective leakers in factories.
Apple will announce the iPhone SE at an event on Monday. Read our full roundup of everything to expect, including a 9.7-inch iPad Pro and updates to the Apple Watch lineup.
The FA can confirm that Sam Allardyce has left his position as England manager.
Allardyce's conduct, as reported today, was inappropriate of the England manager. He accepts he made a significant error of judgement and has apologised. However, due to the serious nature of his actions, The FA and Allardyce have mutually agreed to terminate his contract with immediate effect.
This is not a decision that was taken lightly but The FA's priority is to protect the wider interests of the game and maintain the highest standards of conduct in football. The manager of the England men's senior team is a position which must demonstrate strong leadership and show respect for the integrity of the game at all times.
Gareth Southgate will take charge of the men's senior team for the next four matches against Malta, Slovenia, Scotland and Spain whilst The FA begins its search for the new England manager.
The FA wishes Sam well in the future.
What is new in iOS 11 for developers and users? An overlook at the newest frameworks released for developers and miscellaneous features for users in the upcoming major iOS update.
Apple announced iOS 11 for developers and users at its Worldwide Developers Conference on 5th June 2017. Though till date, it is only available for developers and is scheduled to release for all users in the third quarter of this year, so It's not exactly iOS 11 for developers and users as of now, but iOS 11 for developers only. iOS 11 is the completely revamped version of iOS 10 with more exciting and cool features for users. For developers, it introduces new development frameworks like Core ML and ARKit to build augmented reality apps powered with machine learning models.
We at Agicent App Company are involved in the iOS app development business for 8 years now, and the latest iOS update opens up exciting opportunities for our iOS developers to build more realistic VR apps for our clients. Our skilled iOS developers have already started playing with the latest iOS frameworks and are ready for any challenge that you throw at us. So, if you have an AR and VR app idea then you can always contact us for an instant price quote.
Now, from user's point of view, they are going to love this latest iOS update as it offers tons of extra features to improve their overall iPhone experience. Siri is improved and can now translate between different languages, Maps app can show you the way in malls and airports with indoor maps, better multitasking, and much more. Let's first see what are the latest frameworks for developers in iOS 11 and then move ahead with a detailed list of all general features.
What is new in iOS 11 for App developers?
1. ARKit API:
ARKit API will help third-party iOS developers to build augmented reality apps. Using this API, developers can easily create realistic virtual content on top of real world scenes to give users an immersive experience like never before. However, this API is only available for Apple 9 or Apple 10 processors due to performance constraints on previous generation processors.
Enough for the words? Check out the Ikea app teaser which is exclusively developed using the latest Apple's ARKit API. The app allows users to check out different type of furniture in their home before buying.
2. Core ML framework:
With AR app development support in iOS 11, Apple is backing it up by a powerful machine learning framework called Core ML. This framework includes neural networks and other trained machine learning models which will help apps to make complex decisions. Best of all, it is completely optimized for better on-device performance and low battery usage. For example, you can use Core ML framework to develop face recognition, face tracking, and object tracking apps.
3. Depth Map API:
The Depth Map API will allow iOS developers to manipulate depth data captured from photos which could possibly mean a new era of photo editing apps and filters for iOS 11 devices on their way.
4. HomeKit:
With iOS 11 update, developers can use HomeKit without applying for MFI (Made for iPhone) approval.
5. MusicKit:
Apple Music and iCloud Music library are now available for third-party app developers which allow them to access music catalog of users. Now, developers can make custom apps to play Apple Music and local music right from their apps and games.
6. NFC framework:
Apple has introduced a new NFC framework that will allow developers to build apps which can read NFC tags.
7. SiriKit:
The SiriKit framework will facilitate the integration of iOS and watchOS apps with Siri. Also, Siri has learned new tricks, and it can now book rides and make personal payments for you. Additionally, it also now supports translation between languages and more natural voices with different accents.
8. PDFkit:
Developers can now display and edit PDF docs within apps using PDFkit API. Furthermore, they can select and share text and zoom in/out within the displayed PDFs programmatically.
What is new in iOS 11 for iPhone users:
Image Source: Wikipedia.
A brand new customizable Control Center with options to add settings and favorite apps, as shown above. Files app to manage local and cloud files on Google Drive, iCloud Drive, Dropbox, and OneDrive. More advanced Siri which can now translate between languages and shipped with more natural human voices. Additionally, you can also type in to interact with Siri in iOS11. Unified lock screen and Notification Center. All old notifications can now be accessed right from the lock screen, no need to swipe down on the lock screen to see notifications anymore. For better messages synchronization between macOS and your other iOS devices, messages will be integrated with iCloud. Added native screen recording feature. Drag and drop images, text, and files across files to share content easily within apps. Smart Invert feature: Invert UI colors for users with vision impairment. The Smart mode doesn't invert colors of photos and graphics. Offload rarely used apps: In the latest iOS update, you can uninstall unused apps while retaining their data and settings to recover storage space. In future, you can install the offloaded apps again and use them as usual. Camera app now supports native QR code scanning. Images and videos will be encoded High Efficiency Image/Video Format to reduce the size of captured snaps and videos. Third-party apps can use iCloud Keychain to autofill passwords. Photos app will support GIFs. Automatic Setup: This new iOS 11 feature simplifies the process of setting up new devices. App Store has been redesigned. Maps app will now help you to navigate in malls and airports (indoor maps) as well. In addition to this, it will also indicate speed limits and lane guidance. Share WiFi password with other iOS devices.
What's new in iOS 11 for iPad users:
Image Source: Wikipedia.
iOS 11 will totally change the way you use your iPad, not in the terms of UI, but with enhanced multitasking and productivity. Now, there is a customizable system-wide app dock just like in macOS where you can put all your favorite apps and quickly access them from anywhere. Furthermore, you can also open multiple apps in a split-screen mode and work with them flawlessly. Things get more exciting as you can now even drag and drop files between apps to share content. Additionally, you can easily take notes and annotate screenshots in a hassle-free manner.
The new Instant Markup feature allows users to draw anywhere and take notes, even from lock screen using Apple Pencil. If we talk about iPad app development with context to this latest iOS update, then we think it is going to be fun to develop VR apps for iPad as users will love experiencing on a bigger screen size.
We have tried to list everything new in iOS 11 for developers and users, though if you unearth any additional features missed in this post, then feel free to let us know via emails to sales@agicent.com, and we will update this article with full credits to you.
Our other posts that you would like to read:
{{ currentTime / duration }} {{ currentTime | prettyTime }} {{ duration | prettyTime }}
Today on the show, my friend — & brother in arms when it comes to swim / bike / run — Jonathan Schwartz. In certain respects Jonathan is an “everyman athlete”, but he is far from ordinary. Early morning it's up to train. By day he's a business manager to A-list Hollywood clientele & professional athletes — NBA players and major rock stars like Alanis Morissette & Linkin Park — as well as a dedicated father and husband. But his passion his health. Particularly heart health. I'll let him tell the story, but in a nutshell a health scare led him to a plant-based diet, and he's never looked back; sound familiar?
Jonathan took his passion for addressing our nation's heart disease crisis to the next level when he founded HeartView Global, a foundation devoted to two primary goals:
To identify heart disease in its latent “clinically silent” phase, thereby allowing asymptomatic but vulnerable individuals to undertake the necessary prophylactic lifestyle modifications and medications to arrest atherosclerosis – and for clinically unrecognized high risk individuals to undergo the necessary coronary interventions that will help prevent the development of heart attacks, stroke, or premature sudden cardiac death; and To encourage a plant-based nutrition diet founded in vegetables, fruits, whole grains, legumes, along with some nuts and seeds.
Jonathan is a great guy. His message is powerful. Tune in. And thank me later.
Enjoying the show and inclined to help support what we are doing? Then make sure you SUBSCRIBE ON ITUNES and LEAVE A REVIEW ON THE ITUNES SHOW PAGE.
Also, check out our new “DONATE” button on the right hand margin or click HERE to learn more.
Finally, TELL A FRIEND!
One more self-serving rant: the paperback version of Finding Ultra is coming out on May 21. Sure, that's still a bit off in the distance, but it's already up on Amazon. Pre-order now by clicking HERE and get it before it hits bookstores!
Thanks for listening!
SHOW NOTES
A Cinnaminson teenager was identified as the suspect who was shot and killed by police in Lebanon County, Pennsylvania, on Monday morning after allegedly stealing guns from a gun shop and firing on responding officers.
The Lebanon County Coroner�s Office identified the dead suspect as 18-year-old Joshua Malave on Wednesday morning and specified that the cause of death was a gunshot wound.
Lebanon County District Attorney David Arnold has said that officers exchanged gunfire with Malave in a soybean field near the Horseshoe Pike Gun Shop in Campbelltown, about 15 miles east of Harrisburg.
South Londonderry officers responded to a burglary in progress at the store and chased the teen into the field, Arnold said. Malave was heavily armed with stolen guns, he said.
No officers were hurt in the incident.
Reached Wednesday, Arnold said investigators were still trying to piece together exactly what happened during the shooting and why Malave was in the area.
Investigators have interviewed some witnesses about Malave, but Arnold said it was still too early to draw any conclusions about the actions Malave took and why.
�There�s really a lot of work to figure out. We still have to determine what happened at the scene and what exactly Joshua did or who he did it with,� he said.
Malave graduated from Cinnaminson High School in June. He was an employee at the ShopRite store on Route 130, where he made home deliveries, a store official said.
�He was a very quiet, nice kid. You would never think he would do something like this,� a classmate who declined to be identified said about Malave�s death.
Other friends and classmates took to Twitter and other social media sites to express their grief.
�It�s crazy that you can talk to someone one day and then they�re gone the next. Rest in paradise, angel,� read one message posted on Twitter.
Another message said: �Keeping the Malave family in my thoughts. R.I.P., Josh, once a pirate always a pirate.�
Monday�s incident was not the teenager�s first run-in with law enforcement. Malave was among a group of four teenagers arrested July 9 in Delran following reports of gunshots in the area of Lake Lonnie.
Two of the teens were immediately arrested, but police said Malave and a juvenile initially ran from officers before being apprehended a short time later.
Malave was charged with possession of a weapon, possession of a weapon for an unlawful purpose, hindering apprehension and resisting arrest. He was released from the Burlington County Jail in Mount Holly on July 16 after posting $50,000 bail.
This story contains information from The Associated Press.
David Levinsky: 609-871-8154; email: dlevinsky@calkins.com; Twitter: @davidlevinsky
Touhou Interview: Creator ZUN Talks Past, Present, and Future of his Touhou Project
Azario Lopez August 26, 2016 2:00:08 PM EST
After attending Anime Expo 2016, I had the honor of sitting down with creator of Touhou and the only member of Team Shanghai Alice ZUN. We met the day after the LA event in a San Fransisco tea shop to discuss his career and future.
I was able to attend ZUN's Touhou panel at AX 2016 and was surprised to see one of the biggest rooms at the event being filled to capacity by fans. When ZUN took the stage, beer in hand, the crowd cheered and clapped as loud as they could. Even for some of his biggest fans, this was the first time seeing him in person.
So what is it about this Japanese game developer that makes him so special to so many people? The level of excitement in that room was definitely noticeable, and I could feel the love and admiration pouring from these loyal gamers for this one man who took it upon himself to create the games he wanted.
NIS America assisted with the translation of questions and answers.
Azario Lopez: When you started to make games in the mid-90's, the danmaku genre was not well known, why did you choose this field as apposed to the easier field of just working in the game industry?
ZUN: Back then, the term “danmaku” wasn't an actual game genre. However, because there were so many bullets on the screen, it was coming into place at the time. It was around the same that I created Touhou and thought, “If I can increase the bullets, this could be really fun to play”.
A: What are some of the changes you've seen in the doujin world from when you started to now?
Z: It's fair to say that it's completely changed, you can't find anything that was being created when I first started today. The one thing that hasn't changed is that people in the doujin community are still creating the things and the games that they want.
A: Do you feel that the games you first created in the beginning could still be played and enjoyed by players today?
Z: It might be fun, but it would be lacking in terms of systems.
A: Would you ever be up for returning to older titles you've created and re-release them?
Z: There are a lot of requests for me to do this. However, I would rather spend my time creating something brand new instead of remaking something.
A: In the past you've had offers to have your games brought to digital download platforms, but You've refused up to this point, why is that?
Z: Making the game for me is the funnest part, if I had to talk to people and tweak this and that for a digital download version, it would be a hassle for me and I would rather be making more games.
A: With so many characters in Touhou universe, fans must have a lot of opinions about where their stories should go, how do you shut that out and focus on where you want the story to go?
Z: To be honest, I don't get too many requests in terms of where the story should go. Usually, I'll just think of an idea and go with that.
A: What has motivated you to continue to create Touhou games for all these years?
Z: So I love the idea of working really hard and having people enjoy the game, but after everything is said and done, I love the taste of beer after the game is completed.
A: Even though your titles aren't usually released in the West, you have a lot of Western fans, did you ever expect that to happen?
Z: I never expected it, even to this day, I don't understand why there are so many fans. Even though my games are set in Japan, often it's difficult for Japanese speakers to understand. This makes it even harder for me to understand how I have so many non-Japanese fans.
A: Do you still attend the Comiket trade sgow in Japan?
Z: Out of the two every year, I will go to one.
A: Has your experience at the trade shows changed over the years and how so?
Z: In the past ten years, I have seen more and more foreigners attending the show. Also, the attendees have gotten younger. Back in the day it was a little more underground and basically illegal. Nowadays, it's more rule abiding and cleaner.
A: There was a Touhou game brought to America by Playism titled Touhou 14: Double Dealing Character. However, this game didn't receive an English translation, was this intentional?
Z: I've been very busy, so I think that's the way it's going to stay. There are fan-made patches though.
A: Do you support fan-made patches?
Z: As a rule, I would say, “no touching original stuff!” But on the other hand it makes it more accessible to more people. So I guess I'm okay with it. Yea, I know about it, but I wont go out of my way to do something about it.
A: Was it intentional to create so many waifus?
Z: So originally, I wanted to put a character in the danmaku itself. Instead of bullets just flying everywhere, I wanted the bullets to associate with a character. I didn't want to do a plane, so I felt like if there was a character with a story, each shooting out bullets in a certain way, it would be more attractive to gamers. So going back to the question, I didn't actually try to make waifus, it just comes as a result of how I decided to make my games.
A: Did you expect fans to emotionally attach themselves to some of these characters?
Z: Even now, I don't believe it.
A: Do you plan on working on Touhou for as long as you can?
Z: Easy answer is: Yes. Everything I do is going to be Touhou, it's my life's work.
A: When did you decide that this was going to be your life's work?
Z: Probably, ten years ago when YouTube and video streaming became a platform. With that, I felt that I needed to come out more and show myself. Once I started doing that, I knew that my work moving forward will be set in stone and I couldn't change it, that's when I knew it would be my life's work. That's actually just the cool answer, to be honest, I didn't actually plan it, when I quit my job at the game company I was working for to start Touhou, it just turned out this way.
A: Was there ever a time you wanted to stop?
Z: All the time.
A: And what brings you back?
Z: Probably, deadlines [laughs]. Making video games is a lot of fun, but from start to finish there are multiple obstacles to overcome and sometimes that's overwhelming and could cause me to not want to do it. Although, once I finish, I'll drink a beer and say, “alright, on to the next one.”
A: What would you say to someone who is making a game based in the Touhou universe, but is having trouble staying motivated?
Z: Well I'm not forcing you to do anything, if you want to quit, than quit. If you are having fun, then keep going, but if it's causing you trouble, just stop.
A: Will we ever see more official Touhou games in the West?
Z: It's something that I've been thinking about for a long time, and it's something that I want to do. It really just comes down to finding the time to do it.
A: Is there anything you'd like to personally say to fans?
Z: With the upcoming releases of my fan-made games in the West, I would like the people who have just played the fan-made games to come play the original games.
The sky above cracked and thundered with power. The clouds were rolling past, and they were dark, much darker than usually seen in the warm season. Unnatural arcs of lightning painted the sky with flickers of aquatic green. The lightning reached from one end of the storm to the other while a young native stood next to her mother and shielded her eyes from the flashes. The wind whipped around her, flipping her hair to the side and coaxing smoke from the nearby offering straight into her face. She breathed in the odor and coughed, it was the first time she'd ever been to an offering and she hadn't expected it to smell so… odd. The spices burning on the altar smelled bitter and hot, yet she couldn't decide whether it was a foul or pleasant scent. She wrinkled her nose anyways and tried leaning into the fresh air as the direction of the winds changed once more and pulled the cloud of smoke another way.
And then the winds died. Confused, she looked around. The altar still burned with incense but the waves had ceased and no longer crashed against the rocks. In fact the entire sea looked as still and smooth as a looking glass. She followed the smoke as it billowed up to the rumbling sky that continued to roll past, the only thing she could see that hadn't stopped. But no, they weren't rolling past, were they? Her gaze followed the clouds as they moved silently out over the waters, so smooth and quick it could've been a painting or a dream. It looks as though the clouds… are they circling something? Another loop of lightning even greater than before flashed and raced from cloud to angry cloud, lighting up everything now except the large dark hole opening up at the center of the storm.
An awesome fear arose within as her hand searched for that of her mother's beside her. The thing descended from the firmament, it's dark and cyclopean silhouette barely visible through the cloudy veil, illuminated somehow by that now constant ethereal glow. A freezing cold chill made it's way down her spine as the creature sank towards the earth slowly. And for a moment, as the enormous thing fell from above, time seemed to grow viscous. It slowed almost to a stop as she tried to make out the thing's features when a wave exploded in front of her bigger than one she'd ever seen in her life. The sound scared her and knocked her down, but her mother quickly pulled her up to her feet. The winds whipped around her again,tearing in all directions around her now. Full of terror and wonder she could not pull her eyes away from the thing in the distance hiding in the clouds, she could not look away until her mother's voice broke the spell.
“Do not look away, my daughter” she said, “gaze upon the avatar of the storm, look to the leviathan and pray.”
And the girl didn't look away. She didn't breathe. She didn't blink. The only thing she did, as her mother squeezed her hand and the terrible thing became visible on the horizon, was thought a single thought. A single idea that struck her to the bone with dread as she realized it was the truest thought she had ever had in her entire short life. She swallowed as the thought repeated itself over and over in her head. “Our gods… they are not gods at all… Are they? No… they are simply… monsters.”
Story by Kyle Robidoux
I HAVE A PATREON NOW://www.patreon.com/samwhite?ty=h
GET ACCESS TO JPG PSD FILES MY TOOLS SWATCHES AND BRUSHES STEP-BY-STEP GUIDES WITH MY THOUGHTS AND NOTES AND EVEN VIDEO TIMELAPSES (MAYBE COMMENTATED IN THE FUTURE)
Twitch www.twitch.tv/samwhiteart
Instagram www.instagram.com/samwhiteart_…
Twitter twitter.com/SamWhiteDesign
So in case you didn't notice, a major cyberattack known as WannaCry took place a few days ago. Dozens of companies, hospitals and even government agencies across the globe were targeted.
WannaCry is basically a ransomware computer virus that halts access and transfer of data until a certain ransom amount is paid.
Around 200,000 computers across more than 100 countries were hit with India being affected the worst.
Billboard here in Bangkok that was impacted by #WannaCry pic.twitter.com/aR5VIeO5Al — Troy Leach (@TroyLeach) May 16, 2017
What is a ransomware attack?
A ransomware infects a computer much like a traditional Malware. Don't get a word I am sayin? Let me break it down in simpler terms.
This type of virus usually infects the computer through links and attachments sent in emails. These emails lure the user into opening the links or attachments that contain the malicious software. At times they direct the users to fake website that asks for sensitive personal data.
#WannaCry randsomware has claimed over 200K victims in 150 countries, mostly on Win XP. How to protect yourself:https://t.co/LpDbAQkDE3 pic.twitter.com/HGfarbUJPl — machineLOGIC (@machineLOGIC) May 15, 2017
Once the virus has made its way into the computer it blocks access to all data. Instead screen pops up wherein the user is instructed to pay money.
The price usually increases with time with a corresponding countdown.
Your files are destroyed if the ransom amount isn't paid on time. Sounds scary right?
The only way is to secure your data is to not open such attachments in emails where you cant verify the sender. So do not open any email claiming that you have won US citizenship in lottery you never even participated in. Yea I know its tempting but no one is that lucky.
Once your computer is infected there is no way to secure access to the data except of paying the ones holding it hostage.
Mac users can chill however since WannaCry only attacks Windows operating system.
The movie business also fell victim to this attack.
Hollywood Says Hackers Seized Unreleased Disney Movie and Demand “Huge” Bitcoin Ransom https://t.co/o78SGGIQs9 #cars3 #disney #wannacry — The Daily Westerner (@DailyWestNews) May 16, 2017
According to a recent story published on the Hollywood Reporter Hackers have also threatened to release an upcoming Disney film on the internet if the studio doesn't pay a heavy ransom in bitcoin. The movie in question is Pirates of The Caribbean 5.
This is not the first time Hollywood has had to deal with a high profile cyberattack. Just two years back a hacker group stole confidential data from Sony Pictures. The hackers that were allegedly backed by the North Korean government threatened to release the data unless Sony pulled the plug on the release of The Interview. In case you couldn't spot the connection ,The Interview was a comic telling of a fictional assassination attempt of North Korea's leader Kim Jong-un.
Interestingly enough a theory is circulating that WannaCry was also sponsored by the North Koreans.
A Google researcher Neal Mehta has pointed out striking similarities between this attack and the one that happened in 2014.
What can you do to stay safe from this attack?
While Pakistan has surprisingly not been affected that crazily yet, it's good to take some precautionary measures so you don't get affected by such things in the future.
According to Washington Post, this attack is particularly targeting Windows based devices, especially those that are still running Windows XP. Apple computers and Android devices appear not to be affected by WannaCry, but that does not mean that Macs or iPhones are immune to malware in general. Androids, especially, are susceptible if they're running an older version of the Operating System.
So the first thing you need to do is, make your device software and operating systems are UP TO DATE.
Also, here's what Washington Post suggests you can do to protect yourself:
In addition, you can:
Create backups of your most important files, either by downloading them to an external hard drive or by storing them in a cloud-based storage service.
Use a password manager to create and keep track of unique, hard-to-remember (and thus hard-to-break) passwords for each of your services. It's a little counter-intuitive, but experts say it's much more secure than the alternative, which is reusing the same password across multiple websites.
Check your medical and credit reports for evidence of fraudulent activity.
At work, check with your IT administrator to make sure your organization's devices are protected from WannaCry .
Remember to treat unexpected emails with caution, and read up on phishing — one of the most common types of social engineering attacks used by attackers to compromise machines.
“Ransomware is following the same trajectory as phishing,” said Phillip Hallam-Baker, an expert at the digital security firm Comodo. “The criminals have worked out how to monetize the crime, and they know which types of businesses are likely to pay up — and how to collect the money without being caught.”
The attack seems to have subsided, for now, but there are reports that new versions are being made that are going to be that much harder to control and stop. So be very, very careful and protect yourself because you don't want to be taken hostage and your freedom on the internet be taken away from you, by ANYONE.
Cover image via: KobizMedia/ Korea Bizwire
Sitting in the ticket booth at Dufferin Station last Friday, Russell Cormier was idly chatting with his partner when he heard a rumbling screech from the tunnel below. "It was this loud screeching sound, steel on steel, as the brakes went. Then all of a sudden we heard screaming. People started running upstairs. They were yelling, `Kids! He pushed the kids!'"
Russell Cormier leaves Sick Kids after visiting subway attack victim. ( ROBYN DOOLITTLE / TORONTO STAR )
By this time, Cormier was out of the booth trying to make sense of what was happening. That's when he saw a middle-aged man bounding up the escalator from the eastbound platform. He looked vacant. "Someone yelled, `That's him! That's him!'" Cormier lunged at him as the suspect dashed for the exit turnstiles. By this time, Cormier's partner, Joe De Gabrielis, had jumped into the fray. The suspect wrestled away from Cormier, then swung at De Gabrielis. He bounded outside and began sprinting down the street, with Cormier at his heels.
Article Continued Below
"I just needed another six inches of arm's length. I was right behind him, but couldn't quite get hold," he said. At this point, Cormier began questioning whether he should even be chasing him at all. Cormier, 47, is a large man, and suffered a heart attack a year and a half before. "But I just thought of those kids and my own kids and I couldn't let this guy get away," he said. Just as the suspect was about to slip inside a restaurant, Cormier pounced on him, sending the man to the concrete below. "I told him to stay down or he's going to get hurt." And he did. Cormier, who many have hailed as a hero, recounted the harrowing tale yesterday afternoon outside Sick Kids hospital. Cormier, along with his wife and daughter, had just been to visit one of the victims from the attack, Jacob Greenspon. The 15-year-old was one of two teens pushed from the Dufferin subway platform by a stranger during rush hour Friday.
The attack was unprovoked. The teens survived because of the quick thinking of Greenspon's friend, who rolled to the crawl space as the train was approaching, pulling Greenspon along with him. Greenspon miraculously survived, but the train crushed his foot. He is due back in surgery today and is doing well, said Cormier.
Article Continued Below
The hospital room was crowded with Greenspon's classmates and friends. Everyone seemed in good spirits, said Cormier. It's been a difficult year for Cormier. Almost a year ago, a woman threw herself under the streetcar he was driving. Then last month, he was attacked by a man at the Dufferin station after asking for a fare. The man threw the Metropass in his face, then assaulted him. "The TTC is very safe, but stuff like this happens with the collectors all the time," he said. "Ideally, there'd be two constables at every station." Adenir DeOliveira, charged in Friday's incident, is to appear in Old City Hall court this morning.
Then-Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Adm. Mike Mullen at a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing, September 22, 2011. Reuters/Jason Reed
A former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, retired Adm. Mike Mullen, criticized top generals who have formed the crux of President Trump's administration as getting too political and harming the military.
Mullen said on ABC's "This Week" White House chief of staff, and retired Marine general, John Kelly and Army general and national security adviser H.R. McMaster are too involved in the politics of the administration.
He said McMaster got too involved in the politics of the White House upon entering the administration but has seemed to pull back from that recently. However, Kelly, who is retired, is all in on being political.
"What happened very sadly a few weeks ago when he was in a position to both defend the president in terms of what happened with a Gold Star family and John ends up politicizing the death of his own son in the wars is indicative of the fact that he clearly is very supportive of the president, no matter what," Mullen said. "And that was really a sad moment."
Mullen, who served in the White House for four years as the chairman of the Joint Chiefs, said McMaster and Kelly are entering a new arena that is outside of what is familiar to them as military men.
"The worry that I have is they're also really, for the first time in their lives, inside the White House and inside the political environment, which I certainly grew to understand over four years as chairman is a very difficult environment," he said. "It's a foreign environment to all of them and so they're trying to get their job done while operating in a political environment that they're adjusting to. I have concern with respect to how good outcomes come out of it."
White House Chief of Staff John Kelly with National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster at UN headquarters in New York, September 18, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
Mullen said McMaster and Kelly are both model citizens and are trying to do the best for the country.
However, he said they need to find a point at which they will back away from the politics of the White House in order to avoid politicizing the military — especially McMaster, who is still on active duty.
"They're great Americans, great citizens. I know each of them are serving, trying to do the best for their country. When the president asks you to serve, the response is, the vast majority of times, you do that," he said. "From that standpoint, I'm strongly for them."
"I do worry, though, that one, they have limits, based on their backgrounds. They'll be learning. And two, from the standpoint of what it represents in terms of the civilian control of the military and the possible politicization of the military is concerning."
By Cesar On 28 March 2017 In Podcasts
Brought to you by the NC Brewers and Music Festival
Subscribe and leave a review on iTunes and Stitcher
Call the Draft Line 515-4WE-BREW. Ask homebrew questions, tell us about beer events or just call to rant about something.
In The News
Special Guest
Jason Reiner, organizer of Charlotte Craft Beer Week gives us the breakdown of everything you need to know about this year's events. We also have a special guest from Eleanor Talley to talk about NC Craft Beer Month.
Pro-Brewer Spotlight
Murray Williamson and Brad Ledbetter from Thirsty Nomad Brewing hosts this week's episode. They chat about their Homebrew Tap Takeover April 6 and MayDay Fundraiser for Operation Liberate Homebrew.
Bottle Shop Pick of the Week
A cheers worthy thanks to the folks at Dreamchaser's Brewery for sending us a 4-pack of their awesome Yard Breather IPA.
Thanks to Fran's Filling Station for being this week's food sponsor. Be sure you join them for their next beer dinner featuring Sycamore Brewing.
Are you on Twitter? Follow Cesar, Ford and Jay and raise a virtual glass with us.
If you like the show, please consider leaving a review on iTunes and Stitcher.
Raise your glass high… Cheers, Charlotte!!
Is it possible to send starter kits of Earth life to other worlds in the hopes of triggering terraforming processes all over the galaxy? Not only is it possible, argues Michael Mautner, but we have an obligation to do it.
Mautner is a research professor of chemistry at Virginia Commonwealth University, and he's received a bit of attention lately for declaring that humans have "a moral obligation" to seek and cultivate other worlds to inhabit. Mautner's argument seems to be that life has a responsibility to perpetuate life, and writ large, that means branching out from our crowded planet. The way we'd do this, he says, is by firing off homemade panspermia kits packed with oxygen-excreting microbes and other organisms that would set evolution in motion. Slowly but surely, the theory goes, whatever worlds these starter kits land on would become hospitable to higher forms of Earth life, including human beings.
Advertisement
It's sort of a "throw everything at the wall and see what sticks" approach, where in this case the wall is the universe. But Mautner's not just tilting at space windmills; he believes it can be done with existing technology, and he's already picked out a number of target worlds and satellites that he thinks would be favorable. The trick, he says, is aiming a rocket at any of these bodies with enough precision to ensure its safe arrival several millennia from now.
Okay, but what if we send a terraforming kit to a world where life is already in the process of evolving? Wouldn't we be knocking a whole planet's biosphere out of balance? Mautner doesn't seem worried about this; he says we can aim for planets whose conditions make it unlikely that life would have already developed, and anyway, our first concern should be ensuring that Earth life can continue to exist. There's also a possibility that life on our planet began, or was affected, by the same process—organisms arriving from elsewhere—in which case we'd just be participating in a cosmic game of Telephone.
You could argue that it might be a better use of time and money to work on improving the planet we've already got—keeping the environment healthy, figuring out more equitable ways of distributing resources. Then Earth life can continue to exist on Earth. But Mautner's all about the frontier, and for him it's a question of "basic ethical values," as he put it in a blog post a few weeks ago. When all is said and done, he says, "acts that secure life are good."
Advertisement
Image by Teleyinex, used under a Creative Commons license.
SACRAMENTO/SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - California Democrats appeared to be within striking distance of gaining a supermajority in both houses of the state legislature on Tuesday, crowning a sweeping election triumph for Governor Jerry Brown and his allies.
California Governor Jerry Brown speaks during the opening ceremony of the Space Shuttle Endeavour Exhibition at the California Science Center in Los Angeles, California October 30, 2012. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni
A supermajority would give Democrats the two-thirds majority needed to pass legislation that increases taxes, and it would change the political landscape in a state that has long suffered from political division and infighting.
Voters also passed two tax measures, including one put forward by Brown, and defeated a measure that would have curtailed union power in California.
Democratic leaders said a supermajority would give them a mandate to make major changes in the state.
“I think we're going to have the opportunity to really look at constitutional changes that improve governance in California - initiative reform, tax reform,” Senate President pro tem Darrell Steinberg, a Democrat from Sacramento, said in an interview early Wednesday.
“This is an outcome that nobody expected,” Assembly Speaker John Perez, from Los Angeles, told Reuters. “But now we've got 54 people that I know are going to come together on Day One and work to further stabilize our economy.”
With results still being counted, Democrats were winning seven of eight critical districts in the Assembly and three of five hotly contested Senate seats.
If the final results do not change, Democrats would have just reached the two-thirds majority threshold in both houses - 54 Assembly seats and 27 Senate seats.
A supermajority would also mean the legislature could override a veto by the governor.
The last time any party enjoyed a supermajority in both houses was 1933, Steinberg said.
“The combination of a strong majority and the passage of Prop 30 gives us all a chance to start a new and better chapter in California,” he said.
Since the 1978 passage of Proposition 13, a landmark measure that capped property taxes, any tax increase legislation requires a two-thirds vote in favor, a threshold that has stymied efforts by Democrats to raise taxes.
The tax measure proposed by Brown, Proposition 30, was a case in point. When Brown was unable to persuade Republican legislators last year to support a plan to increase sales taxes and raise income taxes on those earning over $250,000 a year to avoid education budget cuts, he put the measure to voters.
With 85 percent of precincts reporting, Proposition 30 was winning 53.5 percent to 46.5 percent.
Proposition 32, which would have ended unions' ability to use automatic paycheck deductions for political purposes, was defeated with 56 percent against and 44 percent in favor.
Voters also closed a tax loophole for out-of-state companies by passing Proposition 39 by a 60 percent to 40 percent margin.
Two cattle caretakers were attacked after being accused of taking cows for slaughter in Bhubaneswar.
Two self-styled cow vigilantes or 'gau rakshaks' have been arrested by the Government Railway Police (GRP) personnel in Bhubaneswar for an attack on two caretakers of cows who were thrashed after being accused of transporting the cows for slaughter earlier this week.Sudarshan Biswal, 39, and Sibananda Panda, 25, believed to members of the local Bajrang Dal unit have been booked for unlawful assembly, assault, rioting and deterring a public servant from discharging his duty.According to the caretakers of the cows, they tried explaining to the attackers that they were transporting the cows to Guwahati and then to Meghalaya where they would be distributed by the Meghalaya government at a function to villagers and they were not transporting the cows for slaughter. But the vigilantes did not listen to their pleas and rained blows on them, despite the caretakers trying to explain.The goons then raided the parcel van of the train at the station on Wednesday night after beating the caretakers and offloaded the cows as well. The station superintendent R K Patnaik registered a complaint with the GRP following which the arrests were made. The railway staff who tried to stop the attackers were also assaulted.The two caretakers, Umesh Singh and Bimal Yadav, have now been given security by the GRP."We told them that we are taking the cows from Karnataka to Guwahati. They told us you take the cows for slaughter. We said we have papers but they started beating us," Bimal Yadav told reporters at Bhubaneswar. "We are verifying the CCTV footage of the station. Investigation is on. We will arrest other accused involved in the incident," a senior GRP official told reporters.
Massa insists he wants a decision on his future before the Brazilian GP, and he has implied that the team's dilemma over its second driver for 2018 may not be based solely on who can do the best job in the cockpit.
He has previously made it clear that he doesn't want the process to be dragged out, as he would prefer that the team made an early commitment to him if it wants to keep him.
Massa believes that the engineering staff of the team supports him, but hints that they may be overruled by other considerations.
"To be honest, we are discussing with the team, and the team knows 100 percent my points to stay another year," Massa said.
"I was always a professional driver, and I stay and I will finish as a professional driver, like I started my career. And that's the most important thing for me. The team knows what I can give to the team.
"I would say definitely I have all the people that understand about motor racing on my side inside the team – engineers and everything. That's what counts for me.
"Then you have some other decisions which are not depending on the talent of the driver, or what you can give to the team on the driving point of view. This is not up to me to say anything."
Asked if he meant that elements in the team management did not want to keep him, he said: "I'm just saying what I know, what I believe, and definitely it's not the engineers who decide.
"The people in the management, they have their own way to decide, which hopefully is in the right direction as a top team, a good team."
Massa is adamant that he would be able to do a good job next season.
"I know what I give, I'm totally motivated to carry on another year. I'm staying if the team really wants to have me as a professional side, like I've always been in my career.
"That's the most important thing for me. And I'm quite relaxed. If I stay here next year, I'm sure I will do the best I can to give the best to the team, like I did a lot.
"But if not I'm relaxed to find the different way of my life as well. For sure I will not wait until December.
"I don't put a timeline, but I hope it will be in the next weeks. I don't want to arrive maybe in the last two races not knowing about my future. We'll wait and see what's going to be the decision, and I hope it will be soon."
Massa wants a decision before Brazil, where he made an emotional farewell last year at what was supposed to be his final home race: "It would be nice – I think it would be nice for everybody, even the team."
Half a Billion Dollars. That's how much the California Teachers Association and the powerful Service Employees International Union have spent on California politics since 2000. The unions' return on that “investment”? A legislature totally beholden to them for political support and campaign contributions.
Here's another mind-boggling number: Half a Trillion Dollars. That's an estimate of the unfunded public pension liabilities racked up by California's state and municipal governments due to overly generous pay and defined benefit pension plans lavished on unionized government employees.
If you thought the bankruptcies of Stockton, San Bernardino, and Vallejo were entertaining, break out the popcorn to watch the next fiasco California's famously progressive citizens voted themselves into. That first wave of municipal bankruptcies demonstrated that the odds of the state's public pensions paying out at full value are virtually zero. The donnybrook that breaks out when the rest go sour is going to be a monster movie scale spectacle.
Jim Lacy, former Chief Counsel for Technology at the U.S. Department of Commerce and General Counsel to the U.S. Consumer Products Safety Commission, has been sounding the alarm. His new book, Taxifornia, lays out the numbers and illustrates them in horrifying detail, with stories you just can't make up—like rank-and-file firefighters making $348,000 a year who can retire at age 55 at 90 percent of salary. Meanwhile, California's poverty rate has soared to become highest in the nation (almost one in four Californians now live in poverty, according to the Census Bureau).
As my guest on last week's RealClear Radio Hour, Jim makes the case why the rest of us should care about California's taxpayers becoming ATMs for retired school teachers, bus drivers, police, and firefighters. “Because it's happening throughout the rest of the country,” Jim explains. “The Detroit bankruptcy is based on the same premises.” Coming soon to a theater near you!
California has the highest state income tax in the nation, the highest state sales tax, the highest gas tax, and some of the highest corporate and property taxes. Yet, all that cash is barely enough to cover current expenditures. Governor Jerry Brown's claim of a surplus would disappear in a heartbeat were the state to follow generally accepted accounting principles.
“Why do we have the highest tax rates?” Jim asks. “Because public employee unions have completely swamped the political system. In California, all eight state constitutional officers are liberal Democrats. Liberal Democrats control two-thirds of the state senate and two-thirds of the state assembly.” So what will happen when Baby-Boomer government employees start retiring en masse and drawing on their promised pensions? “Economic chaos.”
The problem goes down to the municipal level. “San Jose, the third largest city in California and tenth largest in the nation, recently announced a city budget of $1 billion,” notes Jim. “Thirty percent of that budget—$300 million dollars—goes exclusively to pay for public employee pensions. The pension obligation is so high that San Jose can't afford to maintain a burglary unit in its police department.”
Sounds grim. Yet far from throwing up his hands in despair, Jim continues his quest, urging Californians to rise up again like they did when Howard Jarvis led the passage of Proposition 13, kicking off a nationwide tax revolt. “I didn't write Taxifornia to get people to leave California. I wrote Taxifornia to get people to reform California.” That's a pretty tall order considering the way the Republican Party has marginalized itself with Hispanic voters and the many Californians who may be fiscally conservative but are socially moderate. But stranger things have happened.
Still, the more likely outcome is for the flight from places like California to continue, with low tax destinations like Texas reaping the benefits. If we really care about saving New York, Chicago, Philadelphia, Boston, and other liberal cities that have mortgaged their future to their government employee unions, the sooner a wave of municipal bankruptcies hits California, the better. When Wall Street finally loses its appetite for government bonds issued by profligate politicians who can't stop borrowing, maybe the hole will finally stop getting deeper.
Don't think that will work? Consider that 1 percent of California's taxpayers pay 50 percent of the state's income taxes. That's fewer than 150,000 households. How much fun will it be for the 6 million Californians mired in poverty if the remaining “rich” decide they've had enough and leave?
Godzilla wrecking San Francisco might seem mild by comparison.
Minutes after John R. Sutton's adopted son was convicted of masterminding the bloody attack that left Sutton blind and his wife dead, a reporter asked if he still considered Christopher Sutton his son.
He paused, saying finally: "I cannot answer that question."
At the same time, jailers whisked Christopher Sutton from the courtroom. He passed within a few yards of his father, never giving him so much as a glance.
The heart-wrenching scene capped an emotional three-week trial that left family, jurors and even the judge choked up.
After 10 hours of deliberations over two days, jurors convicted Sutton, 31, on charges of first-degree murder and attempted murder. Miami-Dade Circuit Judge Stanford Blake immediately sentenced Sutton to three life terms.
Sutton did not address the court or shed a tear.
Prosecutors say Sutton, wanting his parent's wealth and still smarting about being sent to an abusive reform school in Samoa, hired a pal to shoot his parents inside their Coral Gables house in August 2004.
As Judge Blake read the guilty verdicts, two jurors cried. So did Melissa Sutton, Sutton's sister. Both were adopted by the Suttons as newborns.
Even Blake, a family court judge who returned to the criminal courthouse to try the case, teared up as he imposed the sentence.
During trial, prosecutors Carin Kahgan and Kathleen Hoague painted Sutton as a brat who dealt drugs, spoke openly of hating his parents, and pushed pal Garrett Kopp into shooting his well-heeled parents.
"We put on a tremendous amount of evidence," Kahgan said after the conviction.
The state's winning theory: that Sutton believed he deserved his father's wealth after his parents shipped him off to the Samoan Paradise Cove program, where he spent 29 months in the mid '90s.
Testifying in his own defense, Sutton cried when recounting his arrival at Paradise Cove. Jurors heard that boys there were hogtied, left in cages, forced into hard labor and deprived of food. But Sutton testified that the program eased up after a while, and he came to appreciate his time there.
For prosecutors, hired gunman Kopp was the key witness. He previously pleaded guilty to second-degree murder and accepted a 30-year prison term.
On the stand, Kopp told how he committed the shootings and said he was hired by Sutton, who gave him a gun, showed him how to break into the house and gave the green-light on Aug. 22, 2004.
Mitchell Kopp, his father, who was key in convincing his son to cooperate with prosecutors, stayed for the verdict Wednesday and tearfully shook Melissa Sutton's hand after the verdict.
"Both the families lost a son," he said afterward.
Sutton's defense attorney, Bruce Fleisher, had argued that Kopp was a drug-addled burglar who broke into the house on his own looking for a drug stash belonging to Sutton. Jurors did not buy it.
Fleisher said Christopher Sutton thanked him for his work in representing him. "He was upset. He had tears in his eyes. I think everyone had tears in their eyes."
John Sutton stood up in court but did not directly rip into his son. Instead, with the boom of a seasoned lawyer, he praised Fleisher's professionalism and hailed the prosecutors for putting his son away.
"The state has never seen better," he said of the prosecutors.
In the hallway afterward, Sutton said he believed the shooting was a "scheme hatched over a long time," and insisted he and his wife did their best to educate their adopted son.
"Those other people that went to Samoa, they didn't kill people," he said.
By Daniel Cressey of Nature magazine
www.nature.com/news
The world's leading candidate for a malaria vaccine has cleared another hoop on the way to widespread use, proponents say. But the vaccine's low efficacy against severe forms of the disease have disappointed some experts. The latest findings from a Phase III clinical trial in thousands of African children appear today in the New England Journal of Medicine.
This vaccine against the Plasmodium falciparum parasite--called RTS,S/AS01 and funded by GlaxoSmithKline and the PATH Malaria Vaccine Initiative--has carried the hopes of many since rising to the fore in the race to develop a malaria vaccine. If approved by regulators, it would be the first vaccine against malaria, and the first against a parasitic disease, notes Vasee Moorthy, who studies malaria at the World Health Organization's (WHO) Initiative for Vaccine Research.
Beginning in March 2009, 15,460 children split into two age groups--6-12 weeks or 5-17 months--were given either the vaccine or a control. In the first 6,000 children aged 5-17 months, the vaccine had an efficacy against clinical malaria of around 50%. The efficacy of the vaccine against severe malaria in this same group was around 45%.
"The results of this study represent a major scientific achievement, for which WHO congratulates the vaccine development partnership," says Moorthy. "These promising results are in line with the earlier results seen in Phase 2 studies. Malaria has never had a vaccine get this far."
Half-full, or half-empty?
Not all experts are quite as optimistic. The vaccine's overall efficacy against severe malaria in all age groups was around 31%. This was disappointing to researchers--previous, smaller trials had suggested that the vaccine would prove to be more effective against the severe form of the disease than against the clinical definition - a temperature of 37.5°C or higher and significant P. falciparium in the blood.
Adrian Hill, director of the Jenner Institute in Oxford, UK, which develops vaccines against global diseases, says it is a great step that the trial has been done in a large number of children. But "overall, it's really disappointing in terms of what we had hoped", he says, adding that the low efficacy for severe malaria "really is a problem".
Kim Mulholland, a professor of child health and vaccinology at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, says that although the low numbers are surprising and "quite disappointing", researchers should not necessarily rule out RTS,S. The vaccine's higher efficacy in older children is much more promising, he says. "Forty-five per cent of a pretty common condition is something that's really worth going for."
But Tsiri Agbenyega, head of the Malaria Research Unit at Komfo Anokye Hospital in Kumasi, Ghana and chairman of the RTS,S Clinical Trials Partnership Committee, remains optimistic. "Obviously one would want to have a higher efficacy when it comes to severe disease, but we're still hoping we can improve on the vaccine as we go along with the trials."
Enduring questions
Thomas Smith, who studies the epidemiology of malaria at the Swiss Tropical Institute in Basel, says it may be premature to say exactly what the efficacy is based on this early data from the trial, which is still ongoing.
"For me, the main question is how long the efficacy is going to last," he says. "The duration of efficacy is something we're uncertain about. We should see this as a very positive step in that it's the first time a malaria vaccine has made it so far. [But] we shouldn't assume this is going to be widely deployed."
In a year, the study team will have finished collecting and processing the vaccine efficacy data for clinical and severe malaria in the younger group.
The WHO will assess the potential for the vaccine to prevent the spread of malaria when the full trial results come out in 2014. "Depending on the results, WHO may be able to issue a recommendation for use of RTS,S as early as 2015," says Moorthy.
This article is reproduced with permission from the magazine Nature. The article was first published on October 18, 2011.
July 5, 2013
Nicole Colson reports on the disgusting racist and sexist abuse hurled at Rachel Jeantel, a witness in the trial of Trayvon Martin's killer George Zimmerman.
RACHEL JEANTEL isn't on trial--but you wouldn't know it from the way the media is smearing and slandering her.
Jeantel is the 19-year-old woman who was the last person to speak to Trayvon Martin, the Black teenager murdered in February 2012 by George Zimmerman in Sanford, Fla. By now, the story is well-known: Trayvon, on an errand to a convenience store to buy candy, was stalked and finally shot and killed by Zimmerman, the self-proclaimed head of a "neighborhood watch."
It took a national outcry before Zimmerman was finally arrested--a month later--and charged with second-degree murder.
Now, Zimmerman's trial has begun, and Jeantel spent two days on the witness stand last week, testifying to a predominantly white jury--one juror is Latina, the rest are white--about her phone call to Trayvon during the last minutes of his life. The response to her testimony from the media has run the gamut from merely disdainful to outrageously racist and sexist.
Jeantel has been attacked for everything from her attitude while testifying, to her style of speaking, to her inability to read cursive handwriting. Even her weight has been the subject of scrutiny.
Rachel Jeantel on the witness stand Take a New York Daily News story about Jeantel's testimony. Referring to her as "Martin's gal pal," the Daily News declared:
In one especially cringe-worthy moment, the 19-year-old balked at reading a letter out loud in court, saying, "I don't read cursive."... At one point, the key prosecution witness blurted out, "That's retarded, Sir." That came after defense attorney Don West claimed Martin attacked Zimmerman... Jeantel admitted she didn't tell prosecutors, at first, that Martin called Zimmerman a "creepy-ass cracker" before the killing. She didn't want to say "ass" in front of the teen's mother, Sybrina Fulton. Jeantel also admitted she had a friend pen a letter about Martin's death to his mother because she can't write legibly.
Of course, the Daily News and the other commentators don't give a damn about the use of a word with negative connotations about those with intellectual disabilities. They're smirking about a Black teenager and child of immigrant parents acting like a real human being in expressing her anger at the racist murder of her friend.
THE MEDIA'S implications that Jeantel lacks credibility because of her manner of speaking, her inability to read or write cursive, her nickname of "Diamond" or her anger at her friend being shot down provides one more example of how the Trayvon Martin case has exposed racist double standards in today's America.
Those double standards extended to the courtroom where defense attorneys attempted to discredit Jeantel by drawing attention to her style of speaking--she grew up in a family with Haitian and Dominican parents and speaks Spanish and Creole as her first languages--with repeated requests for her to enunciate or speak up.
Dr. James Peterson, director of Africana Studies at Lehigh University, told MSNBC that Jeantel's speech was being "exploited" by the lawyers. "Jeantel is multilingual, comes to English as her second or third language, and speaks in a variety of English that is completely credible in her speech community," he said.
If the mainstream media were bad, social media users were even worse in the storm of racist and sexist hate directed at Jeantel. References to her as "illiterate" and a "thug" were everywhere. Track star Lolo Jones tweeted, "Rachel Jeantel looked so irritated during the cross-examination that I burned it on DVD and I'm going to sell it as Madea goes to court"--a reference to the Tyler Perry movies in which Perry, in drag, plays an "angry Black woman" stereotype.
MSNBC host Melissa Harris-Perry asked the right question on her show, "How is it the first instinct of so many of us to mock [Rachel Jeantel] or be worried about how she represents to others?"
The ugly abuse directed at Jeantel--not to mention Trayvon Martin--shows that Black victims of racism are scrutinized about what they might have done wrong to "provoke" a response. The only victims of racism portrayed favorably are those who conform to a particular image--above all, one of passivity and not anger. As the Orlando Sentinel's Darryl E. Owens--referring to the defense's attempt to cast Jeantel as an "Angry Black Woman"--wrote:
A white woman's fury is righteous. But when a Black woman expresses anger it's somehow scary, dangerous. For a lawyer zealously defending his client, it's brilliant strategy--if morally murky...The jury is out on whether Jeantel hurt or helped the prosecution's case. But...in the court of public opinion, the verdict on Black women already is in: Angry as charged.
IN ONE particularly tense exchange during the trial, a visibly shaken Jeantel testified that Trayvon had told her he was being chased by a "creepy-ass cracker" on the night of his murder. Jeantel said she told her friend to run, and the phone was disconnected. But that's not what attorney Don West asked about next:
"Do people that you live around and with call white people, 'creepy-ass crackers'?" West asked. "Not creepy. But cracker, yeah," Jeantel said. "You're saying that in the culture that you live in, in your community, people there call white people crackers?" "Yes, sir," she said.
Incredibly, the media immediately seized on Jeantel's use of the word "cracker." According to Slate.com's Justin Peters: "On Piers Morgan Tonight, Morgan repeated the phrase 'creepy-ass cracker' as if it were some inscrutable bit of baby talk."
CNN had the nerve to hold a debate about whether the word "cracker" was worse than the "n-word." Thankfully, the panelists seemed to agree the "n-word" is worse, given that it's a term of racist abuse, rooted in centuries of oppression. But it's a travesty that CNN could even ask the question.
But Trayvon Martin has nevertheless been tried and convicted of using a racist term. Thus, CNN's Tom Foreman wrote, "What matters is the jury. And it is hard to imagine how it can help the prosecution for those six Southern women to know Martin spent some of his final moments uttering a racial insult, no matter what he intended."
The idea that Trayvon Martin--who was stalked and murdered by George Zimmerman for being Black in the "wrong place"--could himself be seen as a "racist" for using the term "cracker" to describe the man who would ultimately kill him is both ridiculous and insulting.
Unfortunately, Foreman may very well be right--given that the jury hearing the case contains not a single African American member.
Mychal Denzel Smith, writing at TheNation.com, presented a very different picture of Rachel Jeantel:
Rachel Jeantel isn't a Hollywood actress. She's not a trained professional. She doesn't testify in court regularly. She's a young black woman missing her friend. She showed up to court to give all the information she had as to what happened the night he died. "Are you listening?" she asked West at a highly contentious point her testimony where it seemed he had either lost interest or chosen to ignore the things she was saying. How many young Black women could ask that question to the world daily? We should be listening more. We should hear what the Rachels of the world have to say. It's unclear how Rachel's testimony will affect the jury and the ultimate outcome, whether they'll read her as hostile and uncooperative. No matter what, though, Rachel stood and defended herself and Trayvon (and, frankly, many other Black youth) against the condescension, against silencing and against the character attacks. For that, she should be commended and thanked.
Exactly right. And we might also ask of the media that, instead of focusing on Trayvon Martin's use of the word "cracker" or Rachel Jeantel's diction, they get back to focusing on how an unarmed Black teenager was racially profiled and then murdered by a self-appointed vigilante.
If you thought this “corporations are people” business was getting out of hand, brace yourself. On Tuesday, the Supreme Court accepted two cases that will determine whether a corporation can deny contraceptive coverage to its female employees because of its religious beliefs.
The cases concern two of the most politically charged issues of recent years: who is exempted from the requirements of the Affordable Care Act, and whether application of the First Amendment's free speech protections to corporations, established by the court's 2010 decision in Citizens United, means that the First Amendment's protections of religious beliefs must also be extended to corporations.
The Affordable Care Act requires employers to offer health insurance that covers contraception for their female employees. Churches and religious institutions are exempt from that mandate. But Hobby Lobby, a privately owned corporation that employs 13,000 people of all faiths — and, presumably, some of no faith — in its 500 craft stores says that requiring it to pay for contraception violates its religious beliefs — that is, the beliefs of its owners, the Green family.
In a brief submitted to a federal court, the Greens said that some forms of contraception — diaphragms, sponges, some versions of the pill — were fine by them, but others that prevented embryos from implanting in the womb were not. The U.S. Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit upheld the Greens' position in June in a decision explicitly based on “the First Amendment logic of Citizens United.” Judge Timothy Tymkovich wrote: “We see no reason the Supreme Court would recognize constitutional protection for a corporation's political expression but not its religious expression.”
Tymkovich's assessment of how the five right-wing justices on the Supreme Court may rule could prove correct — but what a mess such a ruling would create! For one thing, the Green family's acceptance of some forms of contraception and rejection of others, while no doubt sincere, suggests that they, like many people of faith, adhere to a somewhat personalized religion. The line they draw is not, for instance, the same line that the Catholic Church draws.
1 of 156 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × The best editorial cartoons of 2013 (so far) View Photos A collection of cartoons from around the country. Caption A collection of cartoons from around the country. Rob Rogers/Pittsburgh Post-Gazette Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
Individual believers and non-believers draw their own lines on all kinds of moral issues every day. That's human nature. They are free to say that their lines adhere to or are close to specific religious doctrines. But to extend the exemptions that churches receive to secular, for-profit corporations that claim to be following religious doctrine, but may in fact be nipping it here and tucking it there, would open the door to a range of idiosyncratic management practices inflicted on employees. For that matter, some religions have doctrines that, followed faithfully, could result in bizarre and discriminatory management practices.
The Supreme Court has not frequently ruled that religious belief creates an exemption from following the law. On the contrary, in a 1990 majority opinion, Justice Antonin Scalia wrote that Native Americans fired for smoking peyote as part of a religious ceremony had no right to reinstatement. It “would be courting anarchy,” Scalia wrote in Employment Division v. Smith, to allow them to violate the law just because they were “religious objectors” to it. “An individual's religious beliefs,” he continued, cannot “excuse him from compliance with an otherwise valid law.”
It will be interesting to see whether Scalia still believes that now that he's being confronted with a case where the religious beliefs in question may be closer to his own.
The other issue all this raises: Where does this corporations-are-people business start and stop? Under the law, corporations and humans have long had different standards of responsibility. If corporations are treated as people, so that they are free to spend money in election campaigns and to invoke their religious beliefs to deny a kind of health coverage to their workers, are they to be treated as people in other regards? Corporations are legal entities whose owners are not personally liable for the company's debts, whereas actual people are liable for their own. Both people and corporations can discharge their debts through bankruptcy, but there are several kinds of bankruptcy, and the conditions placed on people are generally far more onerous than those placed on corporations. If corporations are people, why aren't they subject to the same bankruptcy laws that people are? Why aren't the owners liable for corporate debts as people are for their own?
If corporations are going to be given the freedoms that people enjoy, they should be subjected to people's obligations and restrictions too. I'm not sure how many corporations would think that's such a good deal.
Read more from Harold Meyerson's archive or follow him on Twitter.
Former U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said there is "absolutely evidence" for special prosecutor Robert Mueller to begin a case for obstruction of justice against President Trump.
"I think there is absolutely evidence to begin a case," Bharara, who was fired by Trump in March as the U.S. attorney for the southern district of New York, told ABC's "This Week" on Sunday.
"It's very important to be clear that no one knows right now whether there is a provable case of obstruction. There is also no basis to say there is no obstruction."
FLAG. Preet Bharara: "I think there's absolutely evidence to begin a case" for obstruction of justice against Trump. pic.twitter.com/iFzFohE7dI — Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) June 11, 2017
In an interview with ABC's George Stephanopoulos, Bharara spoke publically for the first time since his firing. He firmly sided with former FBI Director James Comey, who is engaged in a dispute with Trump over the nature of conversations they had related to the Russia investigation.
Comey testified to Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday that Trump said he hoped the FBI would drop its investigation of Mike Flynn, the president's first national security adviser.
In a news conference Friday, Trump, meanwhile, said he would be "glad" to tell his side of the story to Mueller. He said he would "100 percent" be willing to testify under oath that he never told Comey he hoped the FBI would stop investigating Flynn.
"The president seems to have a reputation of saying things that are not true," Bharara said. "Most people would side reasonably with James Comey."
Bharara went on to describe three seperate phone calls he had with Trump while he was president-elect and president, all initiated by Trump. Bharara, who said former president Barack Obama had never called him before, said Trump's phone calls made him feel "a bit uncomfortable."
"It appeared he was trying to cultivate some kind of relationship," Bharara said.
Bharara said he was fired by Trump 22 hours after he refused to return a phone call from the president — the third and last time the president had tried to call him.
"To this day, I have no idea why I was fired," Bharara said. "It doesn't bother me. I am living a great life very happily."
Mike Morrell stands outside the mansion built in the 1970s for evangelists Tony and Susan Alamo. Morrell said he would like to see the mansion fixed up and used as a foster home or perhaps a church ministry. - Photo by Bill Bowden
DYER -- Free to the right charity: mansion built for religious cult leader and his wife, whose embalmed body was kept inside the house for months while he waited for her to rise from the dead.
Needs work.
The two-story, 13,064- square-foot mansion built in the 1970s for evangelists Tony and Susan Alamo is in dire need of repairs, said Mike Morrell, who owns the property on Georgia Ridge north of Dyer in Crawford County.
Click here for larger versions
Photos by Bill Bowden/Democrat-Gazette file
The front rooms have been gutted, the roof leaks, and vandals have stolen copper wiring and plumbing pipes. Teenagers keep breaking in to take photos of themselves.
"They want to be cocky to their friends and say, 'I broke into the Alamo mansion,'" Morrell said. "It's kind of like the old spook house."
Morrell said 75 percent of the trespassers caught have been groups of girls. He plans to install an alarm system.
Built into a hillside, the house is unimposing from the front, but the appearance is deceiving.
"She could seat a hundred and something for dinner," said Shirley Lovett, 82, of Alma, who was a friend of Susan Alamo's. "That's the kind of dining room and kitchen facilities it had. It was all in beautiful taste."
There was even a recording studio in the basement.
Lovett said there were five tables and chair settings in the living room.
"Otherwise, you were hollering across the room," she said.
Now, the concrete floor, support beams and ductwork are visible in the cavernous front room.
Restoration
Morrell said he would give the house away if someone would restore it.
"I would give it to any legitimate Christian charity as long as they can prove to me they have the money upfront, and they would devote the money to renovating it," he said.
Morrell wants something good to become of the place. He would like to see the mansion used as a foster home, which would probably require $500,000 in repairs. Or maybe as a church ministry.
To restore the building to its original condition could cost as much as $1.5 million, Morrell said.
"If you had $1.5 million to put in it, you'd have a $4 million building when you're through," he said.
Morrell said he could tear it down, but that would cost about $30,000 and just doesn't seem like the right thing to do.
"Right now, the building is still salvageable," he said.
The decaying mansion is in the middle of 190 acres owned by Mike and Brenda Morrell. It's within view of their two nightly rental houses, each of which has a $7,000 whirlpool spa on the deck. The Morrells have 53 monthly rental units on their property.
Last year, the Morrells started River Chase Weddings and Events on land adjoining the old Alamo compound. With sweeping vistas of the Arkansas River valley, the business offers four different venues for outdoor weddings. They held 15 weddings last year and hope to do 30 this year.
Mike and Brenda Morrell bought the 122-acre Alamo compound in 2000 for $838,000 from Truman and Opal Hance, according to Crawford County real estate records. The Hances bought the property in 1996 for $300,000.
Several buildings were on the property, which is 16 miles northeast of Fort Smith. A building where Alamo devotees made sequined denim jackets for Hollywood stars is now an 18-unit apartment complex.
The Morrells bought contiguous property over the years.
They have never been affiliated with the Alamo ministry. The Morrells attend church in Van Buren. Both have made mission trips all over the world.
The Morrells have twice given the old Alamo mansion to nonprofit organizations that promised to restore it. Both nonprofits backed out -- one doing so after much of the first floor had been gutted to make room for a banquet hall.
"Two people who took it dropped it and left it worse than they found it," Mike Morrell said.
The building declined in value during that time, according to real estate records. It appraised for $401,750 in 2007 and $213,150 in 2015. Those estimates include 5 acres of land.
Susan Alamo
Susan Alamo died of cancer in 1982. For about six months, Tony Alamo refused to bury her, telling his followers that she would rise from the dead.
Lovett, who owns a flower shop, said Tony Alamo kept calling her to deliver flowers to the mansion while Susan Alamo's body was on display there.
"I saw Susie lying there in her wedding dress," Lovett said.
She said she talked Tony Alamo into having a funeral for Susan, but then he took the body right back to the mansion.
At some point, Susan Alamo was entombed in an above-ground mausoleum near the house and their heart-shaped swimming pool.
In 1991, just before federal agents seized the property, the front of the mausoleum was smashed, and Susan Alamo's body was spirited into the night as Tony Alamo and his followers abandoned the compound.
In 1998, the coffin and remains of Susan Alamo were dropped off one night outside a Van Buren funeral home after Christhiaon Coie, Susan Alamo's daughter, won a legal battle for the body.
"The casket was covered with hay," Lovett said. "Whenever he disappeared, he took her with him for a spell, but I think he knew if he was ever found, they would find her body. I think that's why he put her in a barn somewhere."
In August 1998, Susan Alamo's remains were placed in a crypt in Memorial Park Cemetery in Tulsa, according to the Tulsa World.
Tony Alamo
Tony Alamo, 82, whose real name is Bernie Lazar Hoffman, is serving a 175-year federal prison sentence after being found guilty in 2009 on 10 counts of taking young girls across state lines for sex. Some of them, as young as 8 years old, had been forced to become Alamo's "wives."
Tony Alamo had started a ministry in Los Angeles and later moved its headquarters to Arkansas, where Susan was raised.
Tony Alamo thought of himself as a country-gospel singer. In former President Bill Clinton's 2005 autobiography, My Life, he described Tony Alamo as "Roy Orbison on speed."
In the 1990s, Tony Alamo did prison time for tax evasion. After being released in 1998, he set up a compound in Fouke (Miller County).
Former Alamo followers claimed in a federal court filing that they had been brainwashed, imprisoned, forced to work long hours without pay, were routinely beaten, and starved as punishment for perceived wrongdoing.
Reunion
With Alamo in prison after his 2009 conviction, the Morrells held a reunion for people who had grown up on the Dyer compound. About 60 people attended, including family members.
Rebecca Gay, 42, who now lives in Georgia, lived the first 14 years of her life at the compound near Dyer. She said the rules were strict and public beatings were common.
At the reunion, Gay couldn't make herself go back into the mansion. When she thought about it, she could almost hear the screams of children echoing in her head.
The mansion was where children were taken for mock trials in front of Tony Alamo, Gay said. Afterward, they were often beaten until they bled.
"That house was like a house of horrors," she said.
Gay said she was beaten twice in the mansion and was forced to watch other children be beaten.
A year after the reunion, while in Arkansas to attend a funeral, Gay and other former Alamo followers went in the mansion. She said there was a lot of crying that day.
Amid brainwashing, beatings and child labor, Gay said there were also fond memories of childhood. The kids played kickball, baseball, went swimming, built tree forts, jumped rope and attended picnics.
At the reunion, everyone focused on the good times, and there was a lot of laughing, she said.
Someone asked the others if they remembered a man who would start to doze off during the prayer meetings.
"Then he would sputter 'burrrrr-ber-ber-ber-ber,' pretending he was speaking in tongues to stay awake," Gay said. "We laughed until we cried."
She said the reunion was a healing experience. It was specifically for "the kids of the cult," many of whom are around 40 years old now, Gay said.
"We couldn't believe how amazing it was to see each other," she said. "We didn't know it would be so fulfilling, incredible and healing. ... We didn't want to leave because there's something magnificent about being understood and loved."
"It was just closure for a lot of them," Mike Morrell said. "We know they've been hurt spiritually."
Dorothy Curry, 72, of Fort Smith, was one of the few adults who attended the reunion.
She has fond memories of her time living on Georgia Ridge, where she taught school, did sewing and attended prayer meetings in the mansion. Curry remembers taking students on field trips to Hot Springs, the Tulsa Zoo and the rodeo in Fort Smith.
"We had great times up there," Curry said. "Other than the cruelty that went on and the control and discipline from Tony, it was pretty great. It was Bible-based, but unfortunately the control they exercised over us made it cultish. A lot of people were wounded in that situation, and some people have never recovered from that."
Curry said the Morrells want to help with that recovery.
"What's in their heart is to help people heal," she said.
The Morrells are planning another reunion for sometime later this year. Gay said more people are likely to attend the next one.
Many people didn't go to the first reunion because they were afraid, Gay said. But now they've heard people enjoyed it.
Brenda Morrell said the first reunion helped erase the stigma from Georgia Ridge. It's something they'd been trying to do for years.
"It was good for us too because we had fought really, really hard to get the stigma of that off this property," she said.
There was a time when people weren't allowed onto the property, but that time is past, Brenda Morrell said.
"We want them to know this place is OK now," she said. "It's open to them."
The Morrells ask that visitors call ahead of time so they won't mistake them for selfie-taking mansion trespassers.
Gay said she is looking forward to the next reunion.
"I think love heals everything," she said. "The more love and healing I do for other people, the more it does for me."
SundayMonday on 04/09/2017
CARSON, Calif. (Tuesday, January 7, 2014) – The LA Galaxy announced today that the club has acquired Brazilian forward Samuel on loan from Fluminense of Brazil's Serie A. The 22-year-old joins the Galaxy after spending the past two seasons with Fluminense, tallying 15 goals in 72 appearances across all competitions for the Rio de Janeiro-based side, including one in his last game for the club early last month. Samuel will be added to the Galaxy roster pending the receipt of his International Transfer Certificate (ITC) and P1 Visa. Per club and league policy terms of the loan agreement were not disclosed.
“We are pleased to add Samuel to our roster,” said LA Galaxy Head Coach and General Manager Bruce Arena. “Samuel is a young, talented forward with both size and skill. We are confident his addition will help boost our attack in 2014.”
Samuel debuted for Fluminense during the 2012 Campeonato Brasileiro Serie A season, scoring five goals in 23 league appearances for the club, which won their fourth championship in club history that year. He also made five appearances in the 2012 Campeonato Carioca, which is the regional championship for the state of Rio de Janeiro, helping lead the club to that title as well. Last season, the 22-year-old had nine goals in 45 appearances in all competitions, scoring four times in Serie A play, four times in the Campeonato Carioca and once in the Copa do Brazil. He started in 12 of his 24 league appearances for Fluminense while also appearing in eight games during that year's Copa Libertadores, helping his team reach the quarterfinals of South America's premier continental club competition.
A native of Sao Borja, Brazil, Samuel began his professional career with Internacional in 2009. He won the first of three youth championships with the club that year, helping Internacional claim the Campeonato Gaúcho Under-20 title. The following year, Samuel and the Porto Alegre club won both the 2010 Campeonato Gaúcho Under-19 championship and the inaugural Campeonato Brasileiro Under-23 crown.
Season tickets for the 2014 MLS season are on sale now, starting at just $250. Becoming a Galaxy Season Ticket Member gives fans the opportunity to see every Galaxy home game as well as number of additional benefits such as access to Town Hall meetings with Galaxy leaders, discounts on additional single game tickets, entrance into the club's new Season Ticket Member loyalty program and much more as well as discounts at all TEAM LA locations and on select camps at the Galaxy Soccer Center in Torrance. For more information about becoming a Galaxy Season Ticket Member, please call 877-3GALAXY (342-5299) or visit www.lagalaxy.com/tickets.
Some things are just better bigger. Televisions, hotel rooms, border walls (supposedly), paychecks, wine glasses, hands, and one or two other things I won't mention that come up very quickly when you Google "bigger is better." Oh, and phones.
For several years now, smartphones have marched inexorably toward a size resembling the stone tablets on which our ancestors chiseled their email and calendar appointments. One company found that of the 11 most popular smartphones worldwide, only one had a screen smaller than 4.6 inches.
The exception to the rule? The two-year-old iPhone 5s. As Apple (and everyone else) released bigger phones with bigger screens, a shockingly large number of people held onto their 4-inch slabs of metal and refused to embrace the sun-blocking monoliths. Other people, people who didn't already own an iPhone, bought the 5s long after it stopped counting as high-end. Apple said at its event last week that it sold 30 million 4-inch iPhones in 2015. That's a lot of people buying old phones, and it doesn't include the people who already had them and kept them.
Given all that, what else is Apple supposed to do? Just keep yelling and making ads in which Jimmy Fallon and Justin Timberlake shout "HUGE" until everyone's on board? No. Apple gave the people what they wanted: the guts of the 6s within the comparatively teeny-tiny body of the 5s. It's like Apple took all of Dwayne Johnson's strength and muscle and charisma and stuffed it into the 5-foot-5 frame of Daniel Radcliffe. The result is the iPhone SE. It's $399 (or $499 with a non-pathetic amount of storage). It's small. It's powerful. It feels a lot like this might be the phone Apple always wanted to build, until everyone got dumb ideas about big screens. It's not quite convincing enough that you should hacksaw an inch off the phone you're using now, but it's a serious case for the idea that bigger isn't better after all.
Holding Hands
I should start by saying that I'm an adult male with aggressively average-sized hands. I can use bigger phones with only mild discomfort. Calibrate yourself to my feelings based on the relative size of your hands. Smaller hands equals stronger feelings. OK, onward.
After a week with the SE, I've found I really do use a smaller phone differently. Most noticeably, I've dropped this phone zero times. And my pinkie doesn't hurt from balancing my phone on it, either. Even when I'm using it, the SE's 4-inch screen is less alluring than a bigger display, less likely to draw me so far in I forget the world around me even exists. I'm not saying I use my phone less now; that'll never happen. But even when I do look at the SE, simply by virtue of it taking up a smaller space in front of my eyes I'm somehow more aware of the world around me.
There are really good reasons for a bigger phone, especially as they become the hubs of our productive lives. But the SE convinced me that at the very least, downsizing isn't downgrading.
Far more profound is what happened when I started once again using a phone I can truly handle in one hand. I can touch every corner of the screen with my thumb. That means I can put app icons anywhere, because they're all equally accessible. It means I don't accidentally invoke that moronic Reachability feature, which pushes the screen down so you can touch it. It also means using my phone isn't an all-encompassing activity that requires both hands and undivided attention. I can be doing or holding something else and grab my phone to answer a text or scroll through Instagram. As a result, I'm much more likely to just do the thing I need to do and put my phone away, rather than fall down the "Well I'm already holding my phone, I wonder what's happening on Twitter?" cycle I fall into 600 times a day.
There are big drawbacks to a small phone. Anytime you're typing something, it takes up most of the screen. Life with a small phone involves a lot of scrolling, since Instagram shows less than an entry at a time and any group text is going to disappear into the above-screen abyss almost immediately. Forget about using this phone in Google Cardboard, because that's a blurry mess. Watching movies or YouTube videos is fine. It works, but it's worse. Typing is harder, too, and even after a week I'm still hitting the delete key half the time I go looking for the letter "M." Make no mistake: There are really good reasons for a bigger phone, especially as they become the hubs of our productive lives. But the SE convinced me that at the very least, downsizing isn't downgrading.
Almost everything else about the SE is exactly what you'd imagine. I'd tell you how the phone looks and feels—great, exceptionally well-made and thoughtful, like Apple made the phone it wanted to make rather than having to build something to solve for a giant, unwieldy screen—but you already know that. It's the iPhone 5s. Other than the (don't say chamfered don't say chamfered) chamfered edges that are a little less shiny, the stainless steel Apple logo on the back, and the tiny SE logo underneath the word "iPhone," absolutely nothing has changed. This is exactly the iPhone 5s. Ask anyone: that's really good news.
Little Fist, Big Punch
Inside the old body is a completely new machine. The A9 processor is stupid fast, as well-suited to games and AirPlay mirroring and whatever else you want to do as any smartphone ever made. The 12-megapixel camera takes excellent photos even in bad light. I know, because I took really good pictures of Jason Derulo dancing at a Jason Derulo concert. (I have some regrets.) 4K video look great. So do Live Photos. Almost everything the iPhone 6s does, the SE does just as well.
Almost.
The iPhone SE's battery life is amazing. Like, how-did-they-do-that amazing.
Three things about the 6s didn't make the cut for the SE. The selfie camera's noticeably worse (1.2 megapixels, not 5), which is a bummer especially in bad lighting like at a Jason Derulo concert. There's no pressure-sensitive 3D Touch tech, which doesn't really matter. It's cool tech, and someday will probably be an integral part of how we interact with our phones, but right now it's definitely a feature you can live without. The downgrade I noticed most by far was the slower Touch ID fingerprint reader, which is now just slow enough that I was forever thinking it didn't work and typing my passcode a quarter-second before it kicked in. If you've never used the faster sensor, you probably won't notice the difference. I noticed.
But wait, there's another upside to the downgrade! The iPhone SE's battery life is amazing. Like, how-did-they-do-that amazing. In all likelihood, how they did that was by making processors that are so much more efficient than the ones in the 5s that you can have almost the same size battery (1642mAh versus 1570mAh on the 5s) and much longer life. I'm getting a day and a half from the SE, easily. That's better than the 6s, and at least as good as the 6s Plus. Without so much screen to power, the SE just goes and goes.
Small Talk
Put it all together, and the SE sounds like the perfect smartphone. Great battery life, fast performance, really good camera, all in a pretty package that helps you do stuff without demanding you devote your life to gazing upon its wonders. And, indeed, I really like this phone. I wouldn't call you crazy if you bought it, especially if you're one of the peaceful-protestor iPhone 5s owners, and I wouldn't call you crazy if two years from now you're rooting for Apple to introduce the iPhone SE 2. Or the iPhone SEs. Whatever they call it, I wouldn't be surprised if Apple does keep updating its small phone, giving the people—the new smartphone owners, the resolute one-handers, the small-hands-havers—what they want.
Me? I'm not going back to a small phone. Sure, it's not as easy to hold in one hand, but my gargantuan iPhone 6s Plus is so much better for watching movies, so much more suited to reading books and long articles, so much more pleasant to type on, that I can't give it up. The iPhone 5s, and by extension the SE, are for people for whom the smartphone is a tool, not a lifestyle. And for better and for worse, our phones are becoming extensions of our lives. And as we go forward, into virtual reality and the Internet of Things and the connection of every object and surface on the planet, our phones are only growing more important. I want a phone that does the best job of doing the most things. That means I need a bigger phone.
That said, my 6s Plus now feels comically huge. Hey Apple, can you make this thing a little smaller without making the screen smaller? You know, like the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge? Big screen, small phone.
Now that would be the perfect smartphone.
Image caption The man was hit by a train between Willesden Green and Kilburn stations
A man has died after being hit by a train as he was pursued by police in north-west London.
Metropolitan Police said the man was stopped at 16:25 GMT in Christchurch Avenue, Willesden Green, by officers who thought he had drugs.
He fled on foot after being stopped and was "pursued and observed" by officers for about 40 minutes, the force said.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission is investigating.
The man, who has not been named, was hit by a train at 17:12 near Dartmouth Road, Willesden, and died at the scene.
He is believed to have been aged in his 20s.
The police helicopter and the dog unit were involved in the search for the man, who ran into gardens and climbed over fences before being hit by the train, police said.
Officers from the Met's directorate of professional standards - which investigates all complaints - have been informed.
On February 25, the Dutch Safety Board (DSB) published responses to questions asked by the Dutch Parliament on February 4 and 10, along with its response to a letter written by Oleg Storchevoy, the Deputy Director of Russia's Federal Air Transport Agency. Many of the questions posed by the Dutch Parliament concern the air traffic control primary radar data from Ukraine and Russia at the time of the tragedy. Along with information about the radar data and the investigative process, there were a handful of responses that provided clarification to questions regarding Russian claims regarding the MH17 case. Additionally, the DSB's response to the Russian letter reiterated its stance on a number of Russian concerns regarding the investigation, most notably regarding the Buk missiles type and launch site.
The response of Tjibbe Joustra, the Chairman of the DSB, to the Russian letter is, to put it mildly, succinct. The response letter itself is two paragraphs and refers to an eleven-page appendix letter, along with a note that “none of the information provided can be regarded as new and significant evidence.” In other words, the DSB does not find the “new” evidence provided by Russia and its Federal Air Transport Agency sufficiently reliable or noteworthy to contradict the findings of its final report. In the letter's appendix, the DSB responds every question from Storchevoy by referencing the DSB's final report, and ending with the sentence “The Dutch Safety Board concludes that on the basis of the arguments put forward, there is no new and significant evidence.”
The DSB's response to the Dutch Parliament is more revealing. Here are six takeaways from their responses:
1) As previously reported, the investigation has viewed “satellite data” of a missile launch provided by the United States. But no radar data.
Q: Did you ask for or receive satellite data concerning the firing of the missile? If yes, what kind of information does it concern?
A: Two members of the Safety Board have had the opportunity through the MIVD (Dutch Military Intelligence) to take note of classified information that has been provided to the Dutch security services. The studied information is in line with the conclusions that the Safety Board has taken, based on other research information.
Q: Can it be clarified which United States radar and satellite data has been received?
A: The Safety Board has not requested radar data from the US (see table 8 of the report “MH17 Crash”). With regard to satellite data, the Safety Board is bound to secrecy.
2) The DSB has “explicitly” ruled out the possibility of military aircraft (e.g. a Ukrainian Su-25) within 30km of MH17
Q: Are you familiar with the fact that in the news broadcasts of RTL and Nieuwsuur, TV Zvezda, Russia Today, Channel One (all three from the Russian Federation), Hromadske.tv (Ukraine), BBC Russia, and Paris Match, recognizable witnesses clearly state that they saw one or more military planes near MH17?
A: The Safety Board is aware of this. Based on multiple sources, it has been able to establish the cause of the crash of flight MH17 and has explicitly ruled out other possible causes, including the presence of military aircraft in the immediate vicinity of flight MH17.”
Q: Why is the text about the absence of a military aircraft removed after Russian intervention? Does that mean that there was still the possibility of a military aircraft in the vicinity of MH17 (appendix V)?
A: On page 279, the Safety Board concludes that no evidence has been found that there were other aircraft, civilian or military, in the direct vicinity of flight MH17. On page 136 of the report, it is noted that within 30km of flight MH17 no (military) aircraft were present at the time of the crash.
3) The DSB mapped the front lines of the conflict to determine who controlled the Buk launch site
Q: During the presentation of the report, the chairman of the DSB said that the rocket came from separatist-held territory and that this is apparent from maps. Currently, there are no maps of the front lines in the report. Can the DSB indicate which areas in the potential launch area were controlled by the rebels?
A: Thereby, reference was made in figure 65 in the report, which practically coincides with the area controlled by separatists in July 2014.
The map that the DSB is referring to in its response can be seen below. As we know from various reports of fighting in mid-July, there were numerous pockets of Ukrainian control within the “area of armed conflict,” depicted as orange in the map below. It is unclear exactly where the DSB believes separatist control begins and ends near the launch location.
4) The circular holes on the wreckage are smaller than half the size of 30mm cannon holes
Q: Is there also penetration damage on pieces of wreckage (appendix X) that could have been caused by an on-board cannon?
A: In appendix X it is concluded that the damage that has been detected on pieces of wreckage does not match the damage that is caused by an on-board cannon when it comes to the number of hits, the density of the hits, the direction of the hits, and the type of damage. Concerning the type of damage, it is noted that the armor-piercing projectiles have a diameter of 23 to 30mm. The average size of the impacts is 11mm. An armor-piercing shell of 23 to 30mm cannot produce an impact of 11mm.
5) The DSB used both Google Earth and other satellite imagery, including classified materials
Q: Which countries have been asked for satellite images of MH17 during the crash and what other countries have supplied them to the DSB?
A: In the investigation, an overview photograph of the crash site originating from various satellite images was used. Initially, work was done with images from Google Earth. Later on, the DSB was able to see other (classified) satellite images, with which the images of Google Earth could be verified. The DSB is bound to secrecy when it concerns satellite data.
6) Neither the Ukrainian flight traffic data nor the cockpit voice recorder data (from the black box) were manipulated with
Q: Has it been ruled out that the received transcripts on the contact between the Ukrainian air traffic controller and flight MH17 have been manipulated with in any way?
A: Yes, the Safety Board has been able to rule that out. The Safety Board has the ‘cockpit voice recorder' on which the conversations between the pilot of MH17 and the Ukrainian air traffic controller are recorded. In its research, the Board concludes that there are no indications of manipulation of the recorders. The Board also has copies of the tapes with conversation between the air traffic controller of Ukraine and flight MH17. The information on these tapes matches that of the ‘cockpit voice recorder.'
You have a great startup idea. Enthusiastically, you exercise your technical chops and begin coding. After weeks of long, caffeine-fueled nights, you release your product to the world with anticipation. But no one cares.
advertisement
advertisement
We've heard this story before. Far too often, entrepreneurs build something that does not solve a real problem. Thankfully, Lean Startup provides a guide to help entrepreneurs discover market needs and build a company through validated learning. Its practitioners instrument experiments to test hypotheses and identify what customers truly want. Here are a few common strategies: Talk to potential users
Survey customers
Conduct usability tests using a competitor's product
Build a landing page to collect email addresses
Run ads to measure click-through/conversion rates
Create a fake prototype using manual processes One less known approach is the blog-first method. That's right, a simple blog post is a viable tactic to quickly validate ideas and gather market feedback. Here are a few examples of startups that have successfully used this strategy: Mattermark Danielle Morrill poured her heart out when she announced the death of her startup, Referly. Shortly afterward, she published The Y Combinator Startup Index, using publicly available information to measure and rank the success of YC startups. The post exploded into hundreds of tweets, hitting the front page of Hacker News. She followed with additional posts analyzing 500 Startups, TechStars, Andreessen Horowitz, and other portfolios, all of which received similar attention. The topic clearly struck a cord in the startup and investment community and she continued writing every day. Danielle published 89 essays over 10 weeks, building an audience before announcing her new venture. On May 2nd she announced: “In case it wasn't obvious, this is our startup and these posts are our MVP.” Shortly afterward, Mattermark was launched. Dubbed the “Bloomberg for startup investors,” the product was an expansion of the Startup Index her audience feverishly consumed. Danielle cleverly built a following and proved that people valued the content through her blog before launching her new venture.
advertisement
Silencer In January, Zack Shapiro published an insightful essay on his blog, Why Muting is the next big era of the Internet. In the post, he described a solution to our unfiltered, noisy social feeds, which he called the “Muting API.” Tired of Apple's latest WWDC announcement? Want to avoid Game of Thrones spoilers? Disinterested in reading about who made out with whom on The Bachelorette? The service Zack described would enable people to take control of the content they consume, empowering its users to filter keywords, topics, hashtags, events, and other updates from Twitter, Facebook, and other feeds. The post received enormous interest as readers enthusiastically suggested ways they might use the service, as exemplified by this eager Hacker News commenter: I've been wanting this for a different reason than information overload: to hide spoilers. Whether for TV shows, movies, or sports, it's easy to come across a result you'd rather discover later on, and one shouldn't have to switch off all channels just to avoid coming across it. Inspired and affirmed by the feedback on his idea, Zack sought to turn his blog post into a reality. While working full-time at TaskRabbit, he started building the product during nights and weekends. On May 9th, three months later, Zack released Silencer, a free Chrome extension that empowers users to mute Twitter and Facebook posts that contain specific keywords or hashtags. Today his service filters 6k-10k pieces of content daily and has been featured on Lifehacker, CNET, and The Next Web. Groupon Did you know that Groupon originally launched as a blog? The first version of the daily deal site was “totally ghetto,” according to an interview with founder Andrew Mason. To launch the idea, the team re-skinned a WordPress blog with the Groupon brand. Each day, they manually posted offers for heavily discounted restaurant gift certificates, concert vouchers, movie tickets, and other deals in the Chicago area. Using off-the-shelf software, they generated PDF coupons, emailing vouchers to customers using a script and Apple Mail. Although not the most elegant or scalable solution, the blog enabled Groupon to quickly prove that people would pay for coupons, and helped it measure market demand with little upfront investment. “It was enough to prove the concept and show that it was something that people really liked,” Mason recalls. Once the idea was validated, Groupon expanded its operations and infrastructure far beyond its humble blog beginnings. App.net In June of 2012, Twitter introduced policy changes restricting permissions and access for third-party developers. This affected several businesses that relied on the service, many of which eventually shut down. Shortly after the announcement, Dalton Caldwell expressed his distaste for Twitter's decision to restrict its API and focus on ad monetization. His arguments resonated. The post quickly circulated the web, racking up more than 80,000 page views in just two weeks. People were hungry for a Twitter alternative with an open API and an ecosystem that did not rely on advertising to sustain operations.
advertisement
It turns out his idea wasn't new when he published the rant. Dalton and his team had been working on a relaunch of App.net, their “secret project”, for the past 8 months. However, Dalton was able to validate market demand and publicize the new product through his blog without needing to actually launch it. His writing even inspired supporters who shared his vision to provide feedback for the unreleased product, which his team listened to: It is very rare to be sitting on an idea that manages to capture people's imagination. My understanding of just how rare having an inherently powerful idea is prompted me to pay a great deal of attention to the amount of discussion this blog post generated. App.net went on to raise more than $803,000 from 18,000 customers that shared his vision, only six weeks after Dalton's prolific blog post. Ghost Ghost, a new blogging platform, launched a Kickstarter
campaign in April 2013 that generated massive attention in the open-source community. But it was actually a blog post that kicked off the movement five months earlier. John O'Nolan originally created a concept page describing his vision of the ideal blogging solution. On the concept page, he explains how WordPress, the de-facto self-hosted publishing solution, had outgrown its blogging roots, introducing unnecessary complexity and overhead. Ghost is a re-imagining of what a blogging platform should be, designed specifically for the blogger with ease-of-use at its core. Within a few days of publishing the concept page, O'Nolan told me via e-mail that he received more than 91,000 page views, mentions in Mashable, and an interview with PandoDaily. In addition to the exposure, hundreds of fans and critics offered valuable feedback. Where others struggle to find their customers and gather feedback, O'Nolan received a flood of input and valuable data from the proactive, engaged community. Ghost's supporters are now eagerly awaiting its public appearance, with the teaser site receiving 200,000 pages views each month. While still in development, John built a following of 5,236 paying customers and 19,000 email subscribers growing at a rate of 2,500 emails each week. It all started with a blog post. Why Blog-First Might Be Right For Your Startup The beauty of the Blog-First Startup is that it allows the
entrepreneur to:
advertisement
Validate ideas with minimal effort
Identify their customer
Build a following
Gather early user feedback There is no best method for gathering feedback and validating startup ideas, but add blogging to your lean startup toolbox and before writing code, consider writing a blog post. Ryan Hoover is the Director of Product at PlayHaven and creator of Startup Edition. Visit his blog and follow him on Twitter for more on startups and product design. [Image: Flickr user Sharada Prasad]
An Oklahoma man wanted to show his support of the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgendered community with a vanity license plate, but the state deemed the plate offensive and rejected it.The Oklahoma Tax commission denied John Keefe's request for a license plate with 'LGBTALY' stamped on it, citing that the license plate was sexual in nature. Keefe, who is straight and married with several kids, wanted to support a group he feels his home state unfairly targets for discrimination."I thought that was a load of crap. I thought that was very uneducated, very bigoted, very discriminatory against a population that has long faced an unfair, unethical discrimination," John Keefe told 9News Keefe hired a lawyer to argue his case to the state. He believes his freedom of speech is being impinged upon. The Tax commission says they reject license plates if a reasonable person could find them sexual or offensive in nature, but they are open to a hearing with Keefe to discuss the decision.
She was born into one of Hollywood's most iconic showbusiness families.
But Hailey Baldwin, 20, has admitted that there is a down-side to being related to her outspoken actor father Stephen and controversial uncle Alec.
'The thing that's tough that I still struggle with is any decision that my father makes, his choices personally or publically, it does reflect on me,' the IMG-backed model admitted in a segment on The Morning Show this Tuesday.
Scroll down for video
'It reflects on my whole family': Hailey Baldwin, 20, told The Morning Show that she she 'struggles' with the controversial public comments often made by her father Stephen and uncle Alec
'It reflects on my sister, it reflects on my whole family. Whatever decision my uncle makes, still there's a domino effect,' she continued, before later admitting: 'It's challenging.'
Hailey's father Stephen made waves in November after he took a swipe at his brother Alec for his impersonation of Donald Trump on Saturday Night Live.
Speaking to CBSN after the final presidential debate in Las Vegas last month, Stephen said of his brother's impersonation: 'He's got the voice down very well. I think it's getting a little too nasty right now.'
'Whatever decision my uncle makes, still there's a domino effect': While she did admit that life as a Baldwin can be challenging, she would never turn her back on her family
'I don't think it's very funny': Hailey's father Stephen made waves in November after he took a swipe at his brother Alec for his impersonation of Donald Trump on Saturday Night Live
'I don't want to be a party pooper here, but I don't think it's very funny,' he added.
Stephen, an avid Trump supporter, reportedly skipped the Baldwin family Thanksgiving festivities and joined the Trump family instead.
Meanwhile, Alec has been embroiled in a Twitter war with the president-elect over his TV impersonations.
Jumping ships? Stephen, an avid Trump supporter, reportedly skipped the Baldwin family Thanksgiving festivities and joined the Trump family instead
Twitter feud: Meanwhile, Alec has been embroiled in a Twitter war with the president-elect over his TV impersonations
Following Alec's performance on Saturday Night Live last week, Trump tweeted that the star's 'impersonation just can't get any worse'.
He also slammed the NBC program for being 'unwatchable' and' 'totally biased, not funny.'
Alec responded on Twitter with an offer to stop impersonating Trump on the condition that he release his tax returns.
Trump has yet to respond to the offer.
IoT (Internet of Things) is the latest buzz in the field of technology. Today companies and governments are recognizing the benefits of connecting their devices to the Internet. How did the need of connecting inert devices with the Internet arise?
To know the answer, let's start by understanding what is IoT? What are the benefits of IoT?
The definition is quite literal, it means connecting the things - light bulb to cars with the Internet. Many IoT-enabled devices like Amazon Echo, Google Home has already made its way to our homes.
Almost twenty years ago, many small companies had to change its way towards world wide web or face extinction. The similar kind of situation has arisen for the companies. Now, the time has come to integrate internet of things in business or lag behind in the race. IoT is certainly going to be the next big thing in coming years.
Recently Deloitte in its TMT prediction 2017, stated that market value of IoT in India will touch $9 billion dollars. Companies are also now collaborating with each other on IoT. One such collaboration happened recently when IBM and Seebo joined hands on IoT. This shows how much companies are eager to work on Internet of Things.
IoT is surely going to change the way we do business today. Here lies the question whether your business is ready for IoT? Let's dig deep and find out the impact of Internet of Things on business.
5 ways in which Internet of Things will bring change in business:-
1. Enable Smart Business Operations and Devices
Today, companies are shifting towards creating smarter options for its consumers. A major portion of IoT is about sensors and now these tiny innovations have started to mimic the ultimate sensing machine ie.human being. The sensor technology is now used almost everywhere including smart mobile phones, automotive systems, climate monitoring etc. These tiny chips record and send data back into the cloud. Companies collect these data from sensors and analyze how the products or equipment are used and what users will want in the future.
Rolls-Royce has designed the aircraft engine which contains sensors. Working with these sensors includes - detecting the malfunction in the engine and sending the data back to the monitoring stations on the ground. Microsoft is using a software that constantly collects data to know about the features that are being used for its products. It helps them in evolving their products and focuses on the most popular features.
2. Efficiency and Productivity
IoT has already arrived and things are about to change, mostly for good. Companies will gain tremendous efficiency from IoT. It can also help them in limiting the waste factor in global economics in more effective ways.
Things which are connected to the Internet can communicate how they are being used. This will help the industries to analyze the product and make changes accordingly.
It's all about data, more data, even more data!! Predictive analytics will help the companies to improve the design and minimizing the failure. The feedback will help in increasing the efficiency and value of the products.
IoT is based on location, which gives it potential to render business processes. This gives constant access to geolocation data which makes it easy for businesses to track locations ultimately increasing productivity and efficiency.
3. Internet of Things Business Models
In recent years IoT has evolved as one of the key players in the field of technology. This has urged companies to rethink their business model.
Many big giants like Google, Microsoft, and Apple have already started adopting the IoT-based business model. Gartner survey 2016, showed that 43% of companies had plans to implement or using IoT.
One such business model, fitness bands are new in the market and the products like Fitbit and Jawbone are already collecting health statistics and Fitness habits of individuals, at the same time sharing those with their strategic partners.There are ample amounts of companies who are trying to get that kind of data for marketing and different purposes.
With this expansion of IoT market, many predictions have been made that IoT is likely to explode by 2020. Businesses have started taking advantages of IoT which offers - lowering of operations, increase in production, and developing new market offerings.
4. Practical Enterprise applications of IoT
Ever Imagined - How big is IoT? Stat says it all, according to a Gartner survey by 2020 there will be 20.6 billion connected devices. This survey and predictions give us a glimpse of what impact it is going to have on us.
Coca-Cola has already connected a third of its vending machine to the internet. This will help them to know which machine is the busiest, and through facial recognition and countless payments, they can know about the varieties of drinks which are selling the most.
IoT has found its usage in companies ranging from insurance companies, local authorities, gyms and beverage companies. According to a study done by Aruba, a Hewlett Packard Enterprise revealed that around 85% of businesses have plans to implement IoT by 2019.
Consider reading this post, as it explains some of the best uses of IoT in the enterprise.
5. Inventory Tracking and Management
We are seeing a revolutionary change in the way of doing business. IoT has made it possible and companies have now started tracking and managing their inventory. It will be helpful for those companies whose business relies on warehousing, manufacturing, or storage. According to a trend report published by DHL and Cisco, Internet of Things will give a boost of $1.9 Trillion to Supply Chain and Logistics Operations.
Right now companies are bound to use remote scanners and other high-tech devices for workers to keep track of the inventory. With the integration of IoT, the tracking and communication with the item will increase enormously. Though IoT is still in its early stage, it has a lot of potential for both consumer and company.
See this really lame, boring, plain, and otherwise depressing corner of our office? It just doesn't quite live up to the kick-ass awesomeness that is the rest of our office.
Now that our staff has doubled, we've outgrown our mini fridge and replaced it with a real one, but we need your help to spruce it up! So here's the deal: you send us a magnet for the fridge, and we Elf you! And the first 50 people who send us a magnet will also get a sticker!
Also, we will think warm fuzzy thoughts about you every time we grab a beer out of the fridge. Which, with all these late nights we've been working as we build up to the holiday season, is often.
Sound like an awesome deal? It is. So start sending us magnets! You can address them to:
redditgifts
357 S 200 E Suite 305
Salt Lake City, UT 84111.
(And please include your redditgifts username and your return address so we can give you your goodies in return.)
We hope to hear from you soon! Please rescue us from our boring fridge!
BOWMANVILLE, Ont. — An Ontario zoo that recently came under fire after animal cruelty charges were laid against its owner says it will close its doors this fall.
The Bowmanville Zoo — famous for providing animals for Hollywood movies — says attendance is down “catastrophically” and that there simply isn't enough money to run the facility east of Toronto.
Warning: Video contains graphic language
Zoo spokesman Angus Carroll blamed the drop in attendance on allegations by People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals that led to the charges against owner Michael Hackenberger after video surfaced that appeared to show him hitting a tiger named Uno with a whip during a training session.
“We feel this is a tragic example of being tried in the public court before being tried in the real court,” an emotional Carroll told reporters at the zoo on Thursday.
PETA released the footage in December after sending a member undercover to work at the zoo. The organization released the footage publicly, and the story made headlines worldwide.
“The untrue allegations made by PETA in regards to a tiger incident have created a climate in which the zoo can no longer operate,” Carroll wrote in a statement. “People are staying away because they believe PETA's allegations.”
In April, the Ontario Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals charged Hackenberger with four counts of causing an animal distress and one of failing to comply with the prescribed standards of animal care, all under the authority of the provincial OSPCA Act.
Hackenberger has denied the allegations and is expected to fight the charges. Carroll said the zoo, which was established in 1919 and claims to be the oldest private zoo in North America, supports Hackenberger and believes he is innocent.
Meanwhile, PETA is “celebrating” news of the zoo's demise.
“It's closing around a hundred years too late for the hundreds of animals that suffered there,” said PETA spokeswoman Brittany Peet.
“Any time a zoo closes its doors is time for celebration. None of these people should be in the animal business. It's time for them all to find other jobs and find better homes for these animals.”
It's time for them all to find other jobs and find better homes for these animals.
PETA previously told The Canadian Press the organization began looking into Hackenberger after he was seen on live television in Toronto last summer angrily cursing an unco-operative baboon that resisted riding a miniature horse.
The zoo said it is hopeful it can place all of the animals elsewhere, but expects the process to take up to a year.
It isn't a one-day affair to close down a zoo and dozens of employees will lose their jobs, Carroll said.
Many of the Bowmanville Zoo's animals appeared in a variety of Hollywood movies. One of the zoo's tigers, Jonas, is famous for his part in the movie adaptation of “Life of Pi.” And many of its animals, including tigers, can be rented out for events or private encounters, according to the zoo's website.
Hackenberger is to make his next court appearance later this summer.
He faces a maximum fine of $60,000, two years in jail and a lifetime ban from owning animals if convicted.
AURORA | An Aurora family that's been trying to get its pet back from animal control officers says DNA tests show the dog is not a wolf hybrid.
City officials, who ordered the tests, said they couldn't comment on the status of the blood tests, citing the pending litigation.
“We can't comment about the DNA test because that's part of the ongoing court case,” city spokesman Michael Bryant said Monday.
Bryant said that because the DNA tests are only related to one of the five charges facing the animal's owners, Tracy Abbato and Tito Serrano, “everything is proceeding toward the hearing on this Wednesday.
“All we can say is that there are five charges pending and the ancestry is related to only one of those charges,” Bryant said.
A court hearing and in the case is scheduled for Wednesday afternoon in Aurora Municipal Court.
The five formal charges are: owning an aggressive or dangerous animal, owning a wild, exotic or dangerous animal, having an animal run at-large, keeping an animal without proper registration tags and keeping an animal without rabies inoculation. Serrano's attorney, Aaron Acker, formally entered a not guilty plea on all charges.
Aurora Animal Control picked up the Abbato family pet last month after it escaped from the yard. Officials classified the animal, named Capone, as being part wolf and refused to return him to the family.
But Abbato told Denver station KDVR-TV that tests showed their pet doesn't have any wolf in him.
The animal has been held for weeks and will have to wait at least a few days longer before going home, the family told TV reporters.
After Decades of Decline, A Rise in Stay-at-Home Mothers
The share of mothers who do not work outside the home rose to 29% in 2012, up from a modern-era low of 23% in 1999, according to a new Pew Research Center analysis of government data. This rise over the past dozen years represents the reversal of a long-term decline in “stay-at-home” mothers that had persisted for the last three decades of the 20th century. The recent turnaround appears to be driven by a mix of demographic, economic and societal factors, including rising immigration as well as a downturn in women's labor force participation, and is set against a backdrop of continued public ambivalence about the impact of working mothers on young children.
The broad category of “stay-at-home” mothers includes not only mothers who say they are at home in order to care for their families, but also those who are at home because they are unable to find work, are disabled or are enrolled in school.
The largest share consists of “traditional” married stay-at-home mothers with working husbands. They made up roughly two-thirds of the nation's 10.4 million stay-at-home mothers in 2012. In addition to this group, some stay-at-home mothers are single, cohabiting or married with a husband who does not work.
The economic ups and downs of the past decade likely influenced mothers' decisions on whether to stay home or go to work. The share of mothers staying home with their children rose from 2000 to 2004, but the rise stopped in 2005, amid economic uncertainty that foreshadowed the official start of the Great Recession in 2007. The increase in both number and share eventually resumed: From 2010 to 2012, the share of stay-at-home mothers (29%) was three percentage points higher than in 2008 (26%), at the height of the recession.
Affluent Married Stay-at-Home Mothers Although they are often in the media spotlight, relatively few married stay-at-home mothers (with working husbands) would qualify as highly educated and affluent. This group is sometimes called “opt-out mothers,” although some researchers say they may have been pushed out of the workforce due to work-family conflicts. In 2012, nearly 370,000 U.S. married stay-at-home mothers (with working husbands) had at least a master's degree and family income exceeding $75,000. This group accounted for 5% of married stay-at-home mothers with working husbands. These affluent stay-at-home mothers, who have a median family income of nearly $132,000, are somewhat older than married stay-at-home mothers with working husbands overall, according to 2011-2012 data. Half are ages 35-44, while just 19% are younger than 35. As is true of all married stay-at-home mothers, about half of this elite group (53%) has at least one child age 5 or younger at home. These women stand out from other married stay-at-home mothers in that they are disproportionately white or Asian. About seven-in-ten (69%) are white, and fully 19% are Asian. Only 7% are Hispanic, and 3% are black.
A growing share of stay-at-home mothers (6% in 2012, compared with 1% in 2000) say they are home with their children because they cannot find a job. With incomes stagnant in recent years for all but the college-educated, less educated workers in particular may weigh the cost of child care against wages and decide it makes more economic sense to stay home.
Married stay-at-home mothers are more likely than single or cohabiting stay-at-home mothers to say they are not employed because they are caring for their families (85% said this in 2012). By comparison, only 41% of single stay-at-home mothers and 64% of cohabiting mothers give family care as their primary reason for being home, according to census data. They are more likely than married stay-at-home mothers to say they are ill or disabled, unable to find a job, or enrolled in school.
The recent rise in stay-at-home motherhood is the flip side of a dip in female labor force participation after decades of growth. The causes are debated, but survey data do not indicate the dip will become a plunge, as most mothers say they would like to work, part time or full time.
(Stay-at-home fathers, while not the focus of this report, represent a small but growing share of all stay-at-home parents. )
Demographic Characteristics
The share of stay-at-home mothers has risen since 2000 among married mothers with working husbands and single mothers. Whether married, single or cohabiting, each group of stay-at-home mothers has a demographic profile distinctly different from that of their working counterparts­—and also different from each other's. No matter what their marital status, mothers at home are younger and less educated than their working counterparts. Among all stay-at-home mothers in 2012, about four-in-ten (42%) were younger than 35. This compares with roughly a third (35%) of working mothers. Half (51%) of stay-at-home mothers care for at least one child age 5 or younger, compared with 41% of working mothers.
Fully 49% have a high school diploma or less, compared with 30% of working mothers. In addition, stay-at-home mothers are less likely than working mothers to be white (51% are white, compared with 60% of working mothers) and more likely to be immigrants (33% vs. 20%). The overall rise in the share of U.S. mothers who are foreign born, and rapid growth of the nation's Asian and Latino populations, may account for some of the recent increase in the share of stay-at-home mothers.
One of the most striking demographic differences between stay-at-home mothers and working mothers relates to their economic well-being. Fully a third (34%) of stay-at-home mothers are living in poverty, compared with 12% of working mothers.
There also is substantial variation among stay-at-home mothers. Those who are married with working husbands generally are better off financially than the other groups. They are more highly educated, and relatively few are in poverty (15%), compared with a majority of other stay-at-home mothers. Married stay-at-home mothers (whether their husbands work or not) also are markedly more likely than single or cohabiting stay-at-home mothers to be foreign born. Single or cohabiting stay-at-home mothers are younger than their married counterparts; most are younger than 35, compared with about four-in-ten married stay-at-home mothers.
Among all mothers, the share who are stay-at-home mothers with working husbands fell to 20% in 2012 from 40% in 1970. Among all stay-at-home mothers, those who are married with working husbands make up the largest share (68% in 2012), but that has declined significantly from 1970, when it was 85%. As marriage rates have declined among U.S. adults, a growing share of stay-at-home mothers consists of single mothers (20% in 2012, compared with 8% in 1970). About 5% are cohabiting mothers, and 7% are married mothers whose husbands do not work.
Other significant changes in the nation's demographics since 1970 also have reshaped the profile of stay-at-home mothers. As women's education levels have risen, 25% of 2012's stay-at-home mothers were college graduates, compared with 7% in 1970. And 19% in 2012 had less than a high school diploma, compared with 35% in 1970. In spite of these educational gains, the share of stay-at-home mothers living in poverty has more than doubled since 1970.
This report analyzes the prevalence and characteristics of U.S. mothers living with their children younger than age 18, using data from the Census Bureau's Current Population Survey. The analysis looks at trends from 1970 to 2012, focusing most closely on patterns since 2000, including the years surrounding the Great Recession from 2007 to 2009. In addition, the report compares time use of mothers at home and mothers at work, using data from the 2003-2012 American Time Use Survey. It also explores public opinion findings about mothers at home and at work.
The changing circumstances of mothers have clear implications for the nation's children. About three-in-ten children (28%) in the U.S. today are being raised by a stay-at-home mother. This totaled 21.1 million in 2012 out of 74.2 million Americans younger than 18, up from 17.3 million (24% of children) in 2000. In 1970, 48% of children (34 million) had a mother who stayed at home.
One-in-five U.S. children today are living in a household with a married stay-at-home mother and her working husband. In 1970, 41% of children lived in this type of household. In 2012, 5% of children (3.7 million) lived with a single stay-at-home mother, and 1% (992,000) with a cohabiting stay-at-home mother. An additional 1.5 million children (2% of the total) lived with married parents who were both out of the paid workforce.
Most children today, regardless of race or ethnicity, are growing up with a working mother. Asian and Hispanic children are the most likely to be raised by stay-at-home mothers—37% and 36%, respectively, were in 2012. That compares with 26% of white children and 23% of black children.
Time Use of Mothers
Analysis of time-use diaries finds that mothers at home spend more hours per week than working mothers on child care and housework, as well as more time on leisure and sleep. Time use also varies among different groups of mothers at home: Married stay-at-home mothers put more time into child care and less into leisure than their single counterparts.
Overall, mothers at home spend 18 hours a week on child care , compared with 11 hours for working mothers, a seven-hour difference. The child-care time gap between mothers who work outside the home and those who do not is largest among married mothers with working husbands. There is a nine-hour disparity in weekly child-care hours of stay-at-home married mothers with employed husbands (20 hours) compared with working married mothers with employed husbands (11 hours). The difference for cohabiting mothers is seven hours, and it is five hours for single mothers.
Public Opinion
Public opinion has grown more supportive of working mothers over time. When the General Social Survey first asked in 1977 whether a working mother “can establish just as warm and secure a relationship with her children” as a mother who stays home, only half of Americans (49%) agreed. That share generally rose until 1994, when it was 70%, then declined into the low to mid-60s over the following decade. Since 2008, the share agreeing has reached 70% or more.
However, Americans also continue to think that having a mother (or parent) at home is best for a child. In a recent Pew Research survey, 60% of respondents said children are better off when a parent stays home to focus on the family, compared with 35% who said children are just as well off with working parents.
What will he do once president? (Photo by Drew Angerer/Getty Images)
President-elect Donald Trump is already undermining U.S. national security. From denying Russian meddling in the U.S. election to placing at risk the stability of U.S.-China relations to refusing to fully rid himself of his own conflicts of interest around the world, Donald Trump is making decisions that will endanger the country he is supposed to lead. And he's not even president yet.
Trump is making clear his disregard for the integrity of the system that he was elected to defend. Even before this year's election results were known, the U.S. government made clear that Russia was attempting to interfere in the election. With the CIA's recent conclusion that Russia not only meddled in the election but also might have attempted to tip the scales in favor of Trump, leaders from both parties are coming together to call for an immediate investigation into reports of foreign intervention that "should alarm every American."
And yet, the response of Trump's team to these reports has been to lash out at the career U.S. intelligence professionals working hard every day to keep Americans safe. In a statement released after the CIA's assessment became public, Trump's transition team attempted to delegitimize the agency's findings by stating, "these are the same people that said Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction."
Throughout his campaign, Trump made clear his affinity for Russian President Vladimir Putin, and even publicly asked Russia to hack Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton's email. Meanwhile, Trump advisers have gone so far as to accuse the Obama administration of faking the report of Russian interference. Trump himself has dismissed the reports, calling them "ridiculous." By not joining – and leading, as he should be – the calls for an investigation into this unprecedented interference in a U.S. election by a foreign government, Trump is in effect taking Russia's side against protecting the very Constitution that he will be sworn to defend.
At the same time, although Trump does not yet conduct foreign policy on behalf of the United States, he has already begun to unravel four decades of U.S.-China relations and could throw Asia into turmoil. By talking with the president of Taiwan and then making clear in a Fox News interview that he does not subscribe to the deal struck with China decades ago over how to approach Taiwan, Trump is opening the entire U.S.-China relationship to negotiation. The deal on Taiwan may not be fair, but it has benefited everyone involved – including Taiwan, which since the 1970s has boomed economically and built a strong democracy.
Cartoons on Trump Transition View All 44 Images
Now, Trump is playing with fire. There is no upside for the United States right now in reopening the Taiwan issue, and Trump is seeking leverage with China in the wrong place. From North Korea to the East and South China Seas, trade relations to cybersecurity, China has significant leverage with the United States as well. There are many far more effective policy approaches for the U.S. to pursue to push China to change its behavior in these areas of concern. Moreover, China treats Taiwan as a so-called core interest, seeing it as a matter of sovereignty, and it is unlikely to take Trump's actions lightly.
Perhaps the most dangerous aspect of this delicate issue so far is Trump's clear lack of understanding of what he was doing. His immediate reaction to critics of his taking the call from Taiwanese President Tsai-ing Wen was to claim he was merely taking a congratulatory call, rather than defending it as a supposedly strategic decision, which is how he and his advisers have attempted to portray the call in the days since. The consequences of opening this Pandora's box in Asia could destabilize the entire region.
Finally, Trump may not yet have any formal decision-making power for the U.S. government, but the decisions he makes are already under a cloud of controversy because of his businesses and potential conflicts of interest. A wide range of ethics groups have publicly encouraged Trump to sell his assets and place them in a blind trust in order to protect the integrity of the American government. Trump's business interests around the world would pose a never-ending series of conflicts of interests in his decision-making as president. No one will know whether Trump and his administration officials are prioritizing the interests of the American people or the interests of the Trump Organization.
The danger here is as serious as it is unthinkable. Not only will every foreign policy decision be compromised, but also the very foundations of the U.S. government and its ability to conduct foreign and national security policy will come into question. Countries around the world will not only wonder if U.S. decision-making is up for sale; they also will lose faith in the integrity of the American system.
We have entered uncharted waters. The U.S. president-elect has sided with Russia over his own intelligence agencies; he has endangered 40 years of stability in U.S.-China relations; and he is undermining the very integrity of the government he intends to lead.
And this has all occurred before Trump has even been inaugurated. It is almost impossible to imagine what Trump will do once he has actually assumed the vast powers of the presidency.
Hedy Epstein, the 90-year-old Holocaust survivor who was arrested on Monday in St Louis has accused police in Ferguson of deliberately inciting violence as protests over the death of unarmed black teenager Michael Brown continue across Ferguson.
Ms Epstein was one of eight people arrested and charged with “failure to disperse” during a demonstration outside of the Wainwright building, where Governor Jay Nixon has an office. She is due to appear in court on 21 October.
Ms Epstein, a resident of St Louis, is a political activist and speaker widely known for her vocal support of the Free Gaza Movement. Pictures of her in handcuffs and flanked by police were widely shared across social media, sparking wide-spread outrage.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
Ms Epstein said protesters were there demanding to speak with Governor Nixon during a demonstration calling for him to de-escalate his response to riots in Ferguson, which has seen the area placed under a state of emergency and the National Guard deployed.
After refusing to move away from the door, Ms Epstein said St Louis police “arrested us without further ado, handcuffed us, put us in paddy wagons to the station, booked us, released us, and charged us and gave us a court date.”
The increasing militarisation and the presence of the National Guard has seen tensions between protesters and authorities flare in Ferguson, leading President Obama to warn: "There is no excuse for excessive force by police."
Ms Epstein told The Independent that one of the main issues involved it the riots is the police in Ferguson, who have used tear gas and rubber bullets during the unrest.
"From the beginning, they were inciting the demonstrators who were demonstrating peacefully to become violent so that the police can become more violent in return," she said.
“The police and the guards need to be pulled out and they need to leave it to the people there to sort out. As long as you have riot police and riot gear and military equipment and lethal weapons - that is not going to lead to peace.
"It has to stop, because more lives are going to be lost, more people will be injured and more property will be damaged. It accomplishes nothing"
Anger rose again this week after an independent pathologist hired by the Brown family determined the teenager had been shot six times, including twice to the head. The family's lawyer, Daryl Parks, suggested that the 18-year-old was killed at the moment he was already in a position of surrendering before the police officer.
“Michael Brown was walking down the street with his friend and police said get off the street and get onto the sidewalk,” said Ms Epstein. “They said they would continue walking and then that's when the violence started.
“You don't have to shoot to kill because someone was walking down the street. The officer didn't know that Michael Brown was a suspect in an alleged robbery, he was merely shot because he was not obeying and walking on the sidewalk.”
Mr Brown was shot and fatally wounded on 9 August by police officer Darren Wilson, who is currently suspended with full pay. His death has heightened racial tensions between the predominantly black community and the mostly white Ferguson Police Department.
Ms Epstein added: “There are certain stereotypes with male African Americans walking down the street, who immediately become a suspect just by walking. When I walk down with my white skin I am privileged and no one questions me.
“I hope there will be change, change not only in Ferguson because what is happening there is happening all over the country – racism is alive and well and I think we need as a nation to look at ourselves and we need to change our ways. Violence only begets violence.
“People in Ferguson have the right to live in peace and calm – there has been enough tragedy in Ferguson already. We need peace, justice and equality.”
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
We have seen some interest from individuals who want to make fan art for INFRA and now is a great time for some of you to take advantage of it!
Posted by Lukrieg on Jun 8th, 2013
The Contest
Create a poster that conveys the essence of INFRA. Perhaps you could focus on infrastructure, engineering, and the complexity of it all. You may choose to take a stab at our not yet revealed main character who has a knack for exploration, attention to detail, and making the best of a terrible situation. Better yet, completely surprise us and take INFRA in your own creative direction.
Here is an example we mocked up! Here is an example we mocked up!
The winner will be picked by myself and approved by the rest of the team. This lucky individual is guaranteed a full sized print of their poster shipped to wherever in the world they live. Furthermore, their poster will appear in INFRA itself! Anyone who plays INFRA in the future will have the experience of looking upon your glorious contribution. There may be more rewards but that is what we can currently promise.
The Rules
You can enter multiple times but each entry must have a different original poster.
None of the content in the poster can be trademarked or under copyright.
Loiste.Interactive@gmail.com Your submission should include your name, your preferred method of contact, and your poster. You can include a short summary of the idea behind your piece as well. Email all submissions to
The contest ends on June 18th, 2013.
We will contact the winner once we have gone through all of the submissions.
By submitting your posters you give us the right to use that particular piece in INFRA and for marketing purposes. We will give you credit.
We reserve the right to alter the contest at any point. (We aren't evil so this would only happen if for example we received a single entry and it was done in paint in less than a minute)
Photoset with 426 notes
“We were driving back from the snowboarding hill in Oregon when we ran head first into a storm. Hundred-foot trees battled the elements against 70-mph winds.
I saw a tree begin to fall in front of us and slammed on my brakes. We stopped merely feet from where the tree fell in front of us.
Had we been in any other car, we would be dead. Realizing the gravity of the situation, I put my STI in reverse, intending to spin the car around and head back to the closest town for safety. It was then, outside my window, I saw the worst thing of my life. A tree was falling directly towards our roof. The next second was the longest second of my life. I did my best to gauge where the tree would land while slamming the car from reverse to first. The car shot forward, and I screamed "get down.” Without the acceleration of the STI, we would all be dead. The tree landed on the trunk, cutting the car in half - no more than two inches from where Heather was in the back seat. We were buried under five-inch branches, but alive. The roof had held. There was no way out. I put the STI in first, and it pulled us with two wheels out from under the tree. It saved our lives.“
-Brandon Pearse, Albany, OR
(Posted in DRIVE Magazine)
Milenio Digital
Al norte de la ciudad, un par de edificios grises, impecables, se funden con el paisaje ya conocido de los cerros de la Sierra de Guadalupe que están casi por completo invadidos de casas. Las miradas curiosas de los vecinos estuvieron atentas durante los cinco años que cientos de manos tardaron en levantarlos. Y no fue hasta que la obra terminó, en 2015, que supieron para qué serían utilizados.
Sin embargo, aún hoy, más de dos años después, muy pocos saben que las llamadas torres, a un costado del Reclusorio Varonil Norte, en la delegación Gustavo A. Madero, resguardan a los criminales más peligrosos de la capital del país. Se trata de los Centros Varoniles de Seguridad Penitenciaria I y II, el único penal de alta seguridad que existe en Ciudad de México, y al que, por primera vez, un medio de comunicación tuvo acceso sin restricciones.
Para lograr que este penal se convirtiera de solo un proyecto a una realidad fue necesaria la inversión privada. El gobierno de Ciudad de México se asoció, bajo un esquema de prestación de servicios, con las empresas Infraseg y Cevaseg.
La ciudad puso el terreno y las empresas se hicieron cargo de la construcción y de cada requerimiento de las instalaciones, incluida la tecnología y el mantenimiento, con una inversión superior a los mil 600 millones de pesos. Estas empresas deben garantizar la funcionalidad del penal durante 20 años, y reciben a cambio un pago mensual de la ciudad. Pero la administración, seguridad y control están por completo en manos del sistema penitenciario.
La primera torre comenzó a operar el 22 de junio de 2015, y la segunda a finale de septiembre del mismo año. En su breve historia han cumplido a cabalidad con su función. Hasta ahora en ellas no ha habido motines, enfrentamientos, riñas ni homicidios. Tampoco tráfico de celulares, armas ni drogas ni escandalosas fiestas con bandas de música.
Cada una tiene capacidad para albergar 768 personas privadas de la libertad. En una solo hay secuestradores, y en la otra violadores, homicidas, extorsionadores, narcotraficantes e integrantes de la delincuencia organizada. Hazael Ruiz, subsecretario del Sistema Penitenciario de Ciudad de México, explica que “son para personas con un perfil delincuencial complicado, es decir, líderes negativos, que tienen pronósticos intra y extra institucionales negativos tienen un índice de estado peligroso alto, un riesgo institucional alto y un riesgo social alto. Es decir, son personas de un manejo realmente complicado”.
Que este sea un penal modelo no ha sido cuestión de suerte, sino de trabajo y esfuerzo. Apenas meses después de iniciar operaciones, ambos centros obtuvieron la certificación internacional de la Asociación de Correccionales Americana por cumplir con ciento por ciento de los casi 140 estándares que exige este organismo. La certificación es vigente por tres años y luego debe renovarse, así que las autoridades penitenciarias no pueden bajar la guardia si pretenden mantenerla.
Son esos estándares los que permiten que en este penal el control, la disciplina y el orden sean la regla y no la excepción.
Apenas se pone un pie en la entrada de este lugar, la diferencia entre la seguridad que hay con la desplegada en un reclusorio común salta a la vista. Guardias especialmente capacitados para desempeñar la compleja tarea que implica custodiar a los internos, vigilan armados todos los accesos, siempre alertas, siempre a la expectativa.
En la entrada principal de las torres, que en su arquitectura son idénticas, las reglas de acceso, que aplican no solo para los visitantes, sino para todo el personal que ahí labora, aparecen claras en una manta. Nadie puede entrar con dinero en efectivo, celulares, lentes de sol, alhajas, medicamentos, equipos electrónicos, cámaras, memorias USB, armas de fuego o punzocortantes, sustancias psicotrópicas o estupefacientes, bebidas alcohólicas, ni otro tipo de objetos que pongan en riesgo la seguridad de las instalaciones y las personas.
Pero esa apenas es una advertencia a la que le siguen varios filtros de revisión. Los visitantes, que solo pueden ser familiares directos de los internos, se registran y entregan un documento de identificación personal. Después, atraviesan un primer filtro de seguridad que incluye una revisión de sus pertenencias en una banda de rayos X, y un sello en el anverso de la muñeca que solo es visible con luz ultravioleta.
Posteriormente, son sometidos a un cateo en una habitación privada, realizado por personal de custodia masculino o femenino, dependiendo del género de la visita. A ello sigue echar una mirada directa de tres segundos a una cámara para registrar los rasgos faciales. Finalmente, el familiar del interno es acompañado al área de visita, donde una vez por semana puede convivir por un máximo de tres horas con la persona privada de la libertad.
La mera prohibición de llevar efectivo ha logrado evitar actos de corrupción dentro de este penal. El subsecretario Ruiz explica que “los familiares de la PPL (persona privada de la libertad) depositan una cantidad autorizada semanal, a través del área de trabajo social, y cuando requiere comprar algún artículo de uso personal existe una tienda oficial que maneja la institución con productos que no ponen en riesgo la seguridad de la PPL ni del personal, ni de la misma institución, y se le descuenta de ese depósito”
Una vez adentro, el gris sigue predominando y la limpieza es extrema. Las cámaras y los inhibidores de señal celular predominan en los largos pasillos divididos por esclusas que conducen a la cocina, lavandería, áreas de deporte, consultorios, y dormitorios, donde el día para los internos empieza a las siete de la mañana y termina a las ocho de la noche.
Ahí, lo que menos existe es la intimidad. La arquitectura, como es común en muchos penales, es panóptica. Es decir que un solo custodio puede observar cada una de las celdas que son ocupadas por hasta tres internos. Y ahí, está también el mando que permite abrir los accesos a las celdas.
Las estancias, divididas en dos niveles, están equipadas con muebles antimontines y son ocupadas por huéspedes con perfiles afines. Psicólogos, criminólogos y otros especialistas analizaron los antecedentes y personalidad de cada uno para evitar, como en la química, mezclas peligrosas.
Aquí no se pierde el tiempo, cada uno de los reos debe realizar una o varias actividades, como lo establece el artículo 18 constitucional. Pueden estudiar, hacer deporte y aprender manualidades. “Están acostumbrados en muchos casos a tener participaciones mínimas, mínimas y esporádicas. Aquí no, aquí no pueden ser mínimas, hay un cronograma de actividades, to-dos deben tener las actividades. El plan de tratamiento es general y es para todos, cada uno tiene sus especificaciones dependiendo el perfil, de su peligrosidad o riesgo, pero to-dos deben tener un programa y todos lo tienen que ir cumpliendo”, señala el subsecretario del Sistema Penitenciario.
La comida es elaborada por personal externo de una empresa que incluso instaló una tortilladora y hornos para pan. Contrario a lo que se puede imaginar, los alimentos tienen una alta calidad, garantizada por una certificación ISO-9000 y un distintivo H.
Ahí en la cocina, y en casi todas las áreas del penal, incluyendo las administrativas, cada cosa tiene su lugar y la ausencia de una sin justificación, desata las alarmas. Muchos accesos son a través de controles biométricos y las llaves, herramientas, químicos, uniformes, papelería, y otros objetos son colocados sobre tableros de sombras que hacen evidente a primera vista la ausencia de algo.
Ser enviado a este penal suele ser visto como un castigo por los internos. Aquí no pueden coludirse ni corromper a nadie, no tienen acceso a alcohol o drogas, y no pueden aprender nuevos delitos. Pero, al final, es algo que los propios familiares agradecen. Sin importar si su condena es corta o larga, ven seres humanos con mucha más disciplina, mayores controles, y mejor atendidos que en cualquier reclusorio preventivo.
Los centros varoniles de seguridad penitenciaria, concluye Hazael Ruiz, “son un espacio donde reinan la disciplina, el control, la autoridad totalmente apegada al respeto de los derechos humanos. Son centros con pocas quejas en materia de derechos humanos, contrario a lo que la gente puede pensar por el tema de la disciplina y la alta seguridad. Eso no va peleado, el respeto a los derechos humanos no va peleado con la alta seguridad”.
With 'Sorry' at No. 2 and prior hit 'What Do You Mean?' at No. 5, Biebs boasts simultaneous top five hits. Plus, Taylor Swift tallies a fourth Radio Songs No. 1 from '1989' with 'Wildest Dreams.'
As reported, Adele's "Hello" rockets onto the Billboard Hot 100 (dated Nov. 14) at No. 1, setting a record for the most downloads sold in a week: 1.11 million, according to Nielsen Music.
Adele Says 'Hello' to No. 1 Hot 100 Debut & 1-Million-Plus Sales Record
That's far from the only action in the Hot 100's upper reaches, as Justin Bieber's "Sorry" starts at No. 2. Plus, Taylor Swift collects a fourth No. 1 on the Radio Songs chart with "Wildest Dreams."
As we do each Monday, let's run down the Hot 100's top 10 and more (on the chart dated Nov. 14). Highlights of the airplay/sales/streaming-based Hot 100 post on Billboard.com each Monday, with all charts updated each Tuesday.
"Sorry" starts at No. 2 on the Hot 100, Digital Songs and Streaming Songs charts. It launches with 277,000 downloads sold in the week ending Oct. 29, according to Nielsen Music, and 23.1 million U.S. streams. It enters Radio Songs at No. 37 with 34 million in all-format audience (up 99 percent in its first full week of airplay).
A few key stats regarding Bieber's No. 2 debut:
Two No. 1 Hot 100 debuts in same week: With Adele arriving at No. 1 with "Hello" and Bieber bowing at No. 2 with "Sorry," the Hot 100 welcomes debuts in the first two spots for only the second time in the chart's 57-year history. On the June 28, 2003, chart, Clay Aiken's "This Is the Night" and Ruben Studdard's "Flying Without Wings" landed at Nos. 1 and 2, respectively, in their first weeks. Aiken and Studdard, of course, finished in reverse order in the 2003 season of Fox's American Idol; the songs were recorded as each's potential coronation single ahead of the season finale and made available for purchase following the episode.
Thus, while Adele and Bieber bring the second pair of simultaneous debuts at Nos. 1 and 2 on the Hot 100, "Hello" and "Sorry" mark the first set of Nos. 1 and 2 starters not so obviously related, a la Aiken and Studdard's Idol connection. Adele and Bieber's singles arrive adjacent more coincidentally (perhaps linked most closely by their shared apologetic lyrical themes).
Two top two debuts from same album: With Bieber having debuted at No. 1 on the Hot 100 with prior single "What Do You Mean?" (Sept. 19), "Sorry" (his eighth Hot 100 top 10) is the second song from his Nov. 13 album Purpose to start at No. 1 or 2. Only three other albums have yielded multiple singles that have entered the Hot 100 so high: Mariah Carey's Daydream (1995-96) and Butterfly (1997-98) and Eminem's Recovery (2010). Daydream generated the No. 1 beginners "Fantasy" and "One Sweet Day" (with Boyz II Men) and the No. 2 opener "Always Be My Baby" (which went on to hit the summit), while Butterfly spun off the No. 1 debut "Honey" and No. 2-starting (and No. 1-peaking) "My All." Recovery produced the No. 1-debuting "Not Afraid" and "Love the Way You Lie" (featuring Rihanna), which launched at No. 2 before rising to No. 1.
Two in top five: Meanwhile, "Mean" remains in the Hot 100's top five, dipping 3-5. Bieber is the 20th solo male to double up in the top five, a list that started with Elvis Presley in 1959. (50 Cent holds the record among solo males, with three simultaneous top five Hot 100 hits for two weeks in 2005. He and the Beatles, with a clean-sweep record five on April 4, 1964, are the only acts to have logged at least three concurrent top five tracks.)
Beneath "Hello" and "Sorry" and above "Mean" on the Hot 100, Drake's "Hotline Bling" drops to No. 3 after three weeks at its No. 2 high, and perhaps overshadowed by Adele and Bieber's debuts, The Weeknd's "The Hills" falls to No. 4 after six nonconsecutive weeks on top. "Bling" replaces "Hills" atop Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, becoming Drake's lucky 13th No. 1 on the genre chart. "Bling" tallies a sixth week atop Hot Rap Songs, where it's Drake's record 15th No. 1. "Hills" leads the Hot R&B Songs chart for a seventh week.
Shawn Mendes' "Stitches" slips to No. 6 on the Hot 100 from its No. 4 peak, while Taylor Swift's "Wildest Dreams" drops to No. 7 from its No. 5 highpoint. Still, Swift adds a new honor with the song: "Dreams" darts 2-1 on Radio Songs (150 million, up 2 percent), becoming her fourth No. 1 from her album 1989 and her sixth Radio Songs leader overall. Swift previously topped the chart with 1989 singles "Shake It Off" (for four weeks), "Blank Space" (six) and "Bad Blood," featuring Kendrick Lamar (five). Her first two Radio Songs No. 1s: "You Belong With Me," for two weeks in 2009 (from Fearless), and "I Knew You Were Trouble." (four, 2013, from Red).
Rihanna boasts the most Radio Songs No. 1s (12), dating to the chart's 1990 origin, while Katy Perry has notched the most leaders from one album: five, from Teenage Dream (2010-11).
Canada's Chart Invasion: 'It's an Attitude. Quiet, But Strong'
Rounding out the Hot 100's top 10, Fetty Wap's "679," featuring Remy Boyz, slides 6-8 after reaching No. 4; R. City's No. 6-peaking "Locked Away," featuring Maroon 5's Adam Levine, descends 8-9; and The Weeknd's former three-week Hot 100 No. 1 "Can't Feel My Face" falls 7-10.
Among action outside the Hot 100's top 10, Elle King's "Ex's & Oh's" rises to a new peak (15-12); Meghan Trainor's "Like I'm Gonna Lose You," featuring John Legend, leaps 18-13, also reaching a new best rank; and, Alessia Cara's breakthrough hit "Here" likewise charts new territory (20-15). Find out more noteworthy news throughout the chart in the weekly "Hot 100 Chart Moves" column to post later this week.
Visit Billboard.com tomorrow (Nov. 3), when all rankings, including the Hot 100 in its entirety, will refresh, as they do each Tuesday. The Hot 100 and other charts will also appear in the next issue of Billboard magazine, on sale Friday (Nov. 6).
Twentieth-Century Philosophy of Science by Thomas J. Hickey at www.philsci.com.
Reproduction or distribution for profit of the contents of this web site either wholly or in part in any medium is prohibited.
Libraries may reproduce any contents of this web site including the image of the book cover.
Individuals may reproduce and distribute any contents of this web site including the image of the book cover for personal use or classroom instruction.
All books are downloadable in Adobe .pdf Format.
Contents (Retrieval for display and downloading may take several minutes depending on the number of pages and your connection speed)
PREFACE A PROVOCATIVE PREFACE
6 pages
BOOK I INTRODUCTION TO PHILOSOPHY OF SCIENCE 120 pages
Chapter I - Overview
1.01 Aim of Philosophy of Science
1.02 Computational Philosophy of Science
1.03 Two Perspectives on Language
1.04 Dimensions of Language
1.05 Classifications of Functional Topics
1.06 Classification of Modern Philosophies
Chapter II – Three Modern Philosophies
2.01 Romanticism
2.02 Positivism
2.03 Contemporary Pragmatism
Chapter III - Philosophy of Language
3.01 Synchronic and Diachronic Analysis
3.02 Object Language and Metalanguage
3.03 Dimensions of Language
3.04 Syntactical Dimension
3.05 Syntactical Rules
3.06 Mathematical Language
3.07 Logical Quantification in Mathematics
3.08 Semantical Dimension
3.09 Nominalist vs. Conceptualist Semantics
3.10 Naturalistic vs. Artifactual Semantics
3.11 Romantic Semantics
3.12 Positivist Semantics
3.13 Positivist Thesis of Meaning Invariance
3.14 Positivist Analytic-Synthetic Dichotomy
3.15 Positivist Observation-Theory Dichotomy
3.16 Contemporary Pragmatist Semantics
3.17 Pragmatist Semantics Illustrated
3.18 Rejection of the Observation-Theory Dichotomy
3.19 Rejection of Meaning Invariance
3.20 Rejection of the Analytic-Synthetic Dichotomy
3.21 Semantical Rules
3.22 Componential vs. Wholistic Semantics
3.23 Componential Artifactual Semantics Illustrated
3.24 Semantic Values
3.25 Univocal and Equivocal Terms
3.26 Signification and Supposition
3.27 Aside on Metaphor
3.28 Clear and Vague Meaning
3.29 Semantics of Mathematical Language
3.30 Semantical State Descriptions
3.31 Diachronic Comparative-Static Analysis
3.32 Dynamic Diachronic Analysis
3.33 Computational Philosophy of Science
3.34 An Interpretation Issue
3.35 Ontological Dimension
3.36 Metaphysical and Scientific Realism
3.37 Ontological Relativity Defined
3.38 Ontological Relativity Illustrated
3.39 Causality
3.40 Ontology of Mathematical Language
3.41 Pragmatic Dimension
3.42 Semantic Definitions of Theory Language
3.43 Pragmatic Definition of Theory Language
3.44 Pragmatic Definition of Test-Design Language
3.45 Pragmatic Definition of Observation Language
3.46 Observation and Test Execution
3.47 Scientific Professions
3.48 Semantic Individuation of Theories
Chapter IV – Philosophy of Science Topics
4.01 Institutionalized Aim of Science
4.02 Positivist Aim
4.03 Romantic Aim
4.04 More Recent Ideas
4.05 Aim of Maximizing “Explanatory Coherence”
4.06 Contemporary Pragmatist Aim
4.07 Institutional Change
4.08 Philosophy's Cultural Lag
4.09 Cultural Lags among Sciences
4.10 Scientific Discovery
4.11 Discovery Systems
4.12 Types of Theory Development
4.13 Examples of Successful Discovery Systems
4.14 Scientific Criticism
4.15 Logic of Empirical Testing
4.16 Test Logic Illustrated
4.17 Semantics of Empirical Testing
4.18 Test-Design Revision
4.19 Empirical Underdetermination
4.20 Scientific Pluralism
4.21 Scientific Truth
4.22 Nonempirical Criteria
4.23 The “Best Explanation” Criteria
4.24 Nonempirical Linguistic Constraints
4.25 Cognition Constraint
4.26 Communication Constraint
4.27 Scientific Explanation
BOOK II ERNST MACH AND PIERRE DUHEM ON PHYSICAL THEORY 27 pages
Mach's Phenomenalism
Mach's Philosophy of Science
Mach's History of Mechanics
Duhem on Physical Theory and Metaphysics
Duhem's Stratified Semantics for Physics
Duhem's Philosophy of Science
Duhem's History of Physics
The New Physics vs the Old Philosophy
Comment and Conclusion
BOOK III RUDOLF CARNAP ON SEMANTICAL SYSTEMS AND W.V.O. QUINE'S PRAGMATIST CRITIQUE 82 pages
Logical Constructionalism
Einstein and Mathematical vs. Physical Geometry
The Aufbau and "Rational Reconstruction"
Logical Syntax of Language
Semantical Systems: Definitions and Characteristics
Semantical Systems: Ontological vs. Linguistic Issues
Semantical Systems: Physics and the Reduction of Theo
Semantical Systems: Probability and Induction
Semantical Systems: Information Theory
Shreider's Semantic Theory of Information
The Philosophy of Science
Hempel's Critique of Analyticity
Carnap's Reply to Hempel
Quine's Pragmatist Critiques
Quine's Critique of Reductionism
Quine's Critique of Analyticity
Quine's Rejection of First Philosophy
Comment and Conclusion
BOOK IV WERNER HEISENBERG AND THE SEMANTICS OF QUANTUM MECHANICS 51 pages
Heisenberg's Discovery and Einstein's Semantical Views
Heisenberg's Discovery and Einstein's Ontological Criteria
Bohr's Influence on Heisenberg and Issues with Einstein
Semantical Revision and Heisenberg's Doctrine of Closed-off Theories
Bohr's "Forms of Perception" and Neo-Kantianism
On Scientific Revolutions
Heisenberg's Philosophy of Science
Comment and Conclusion
BOOK V POPPER ON SCIENTIFIC CRITICISM AND THE SEMANTICS OF QUANTUM MECHANICS 49 pages
Einstein's Influence and the Falsificationist Thesis of Criticism, Explanation, Information, and the Growth of Science
Against Psychologism, Induction, and Naturalistic Semantics
On Computers, Induction Machines, and Scientific Discovery
The Schism in Physics and Metaphysical Research Programmes
Lande's New Foundations of Quantum Physics
Popper's Particle-Propensity Interpretation of Quantum Theory
On Crucial Experiments and Scientific Revolutions
The Philosophy of Science
Comment and Conclusion
BOOK VI THOMAS KUHN ON REVOLUTION AND PAUL FEYERABEND ON ANARCHY 114 pages
Conant On Prejudice And The Dynamic View Of Science
Kuhn's Aristotle Experience
Kuhn on the Copernican Revolution
Kuhn on the Structure of Scientific Revolutions
The Evolution of Kuhn's Philosophy
Popper's Criticism of Kuhn's Normal Science Thesis
Feyerabend on Theory Proliferation vs. Consensus Paradigm
Shapere's Criticism of Kuhn's Concept of Paradigm
Kuhn Replies
Kuhn, Normal Science, and the Academic Sociologists
Kuhn's Linguistic Analysis of Incommensurability
Kuhn's Philosophy of Science
Nagel and Feyerabend on Meaning Variance
The Sapir-Whorf Hypothesis
Feyerabend on Semantic Incommensurability
Feyerabend on Scientific Anarchy
Feyerabend on Quantum Theory
Feyerabend on Relativism, Historicism, and Realism
Feyerabend's Criticism of Popper
Feyerabend's Philosophy of Science
Comments and Conclusion
BOOK VII RUSSELL HANSON, DAVID BOHM, AND OTHERS ON THE SEMANTICS OF DISCOVERY 85 pages
Bohm's Early Copenhagen Views
Bohm's Agenda for Future Microphysics
Bohm's Hidden-Variable Interpretation of Quantum Theory
Bohm's Critique of Heisenberg's Copenhagen Interpretation
Bohm and Bell on the EPR Experiment and Nonlocality
Bohm on Perception and Metaphor in Scientific Discovery
Bohm on Mathematics and Scientific Discovery
Bohm's Philosophy of Science
Hanson on the Copenhagen Interpretation and Scientific Discovery
Peirce, Retroductive Logic, and Semantical Constraints in Discovery
Hanson on Perception, Observation and Theory
Hanson's Philosophy of Science
Hesse on Models and Analogy
Hesse on Metaphor
Comment and Conclusion
BOOK VIII HERBERT SIMON, PAUL THAGARD, PAT LANGLEY AND OTHERS ON DISCOVERY SYSTEMS 227 pages
Thagard's Psychologistic Computational Philosophy of Science
Thagard on Conceptual Change, Scientific Revolutions, and System PI
Thagard on Discovery by Analogy and Systems ACME and ARCS
Thagard on Criticism by “Explanatory Coherence”
Thagard on Explanation and the Aim of Science
Herbert Simon and Logic Theorist
Neoclassical Maximizing Rationality and Weber's Ideal Types
Simon's Postulate of Bounded Rationality and "Satisficing"
Bounded Rationality, Institutionalism, and Functionalism
Human Problem-Solving, Cognitive Psychology and Heuristics
On Scientific Discovery and Philosophy of Science
The Theory of Discovery Systems
Langley's BACON and Other Discovery Systems
Simon's Philosophy of Science
Muth's Rational Expectations "Hypothesis"
Haavelmo's Structural-Equations Agenda And Its Early Critics
Mitchell's Institutionalist Critique
Muth's Rationalist Expectations Agenda
Rejection of Expectations Data and Evolution of VAR Models
Litterman's BVAR Models and Discovery System
Hickey's Metascience or "Logical Pragmatism"
Hickey's Linguistic Analysis
Hickey's Functional Analysis
Hickey's METAMODEL Discovery System
Hendry and Doornik's AUTOMETRICS Discovery System
Parsons' Romantic Sociology
Habermas on Weber
Merton's Critique of Parsons
Lundberg's Positivist Sociology
Hickey's METAMODEL System Applied to Sociology
A Pragmatist Critique of Academic Sociology's Weltanschauung
The “Last Sociologist”
Sonquist on Simulating the Research Analyst with AID
Comment and Conclusion Appendix I: A Quantitative-Functionalist Model
Appendix II: Rejections and Rejoinders
Appendix III – Critique of the Sociology Literature
“The reason 99% of all stories written are not bought by editors is very simple. Editors never buy manuscripts that are left on the closet shelf at home.”
– John Campbell
Seeing your work in print for the first time is a unique thrill. But it can feel like a daunting task to submit your writing to a magazine or journal when nobody other than friends and family has ever read it. To make the process somewhat less scary, here are 9 literary magazines that welcome submissions from new and never before published writers.
Brittle Star
For almost fifteen years Brittle Star has been publishing the work of new and early-career writers, many of whom have seen their work in print for the first time. They welcome submissions of literary short fiction (up to 2000 words) and poetry (1 – 4 poems at a time). Brittle Star is published twice a year.
Ricochet Magazine
Based in Melbourne, Ricochet Magazine is an online magazine for aspiring writers and artists, maintained by a group of creatives who want to give others online publishing opportunities. Notably, Ricochet aims to provide editorial feedback to all writers who submit their work, even if it is not accepted for publication.
The Louisville Review
The Louisville Review was founded in 1976 and has proud tradition of fostering the development of new writers. Each poem and story submitted is judged “entirely on its own merit whether the author is already nationally known or previously unpublished”. The Louisville Review also accepts submissions of previously unpublished poetry from students in grades K to 12.
Firewords Quarterly
Firewords Quarterly is a new independent literary magazine with a strong emphasis on design, as well as substance. Launching in Spring 2014, Firewords aims to be a publication where exciting new writers can have their voices heard and remembered.
Phoebe: Journal of Literature and Art
Phoebe prides itself on supporting up-and-coming writers and welcomes submissions of experimental and conventional prose and poetry. Phoebe also runs annual contests for fiction, poetry and creative non-fiction.
Armchair/Shotgun
Armchair/Shotgun publishes fiction, non-fiction, and poetry works as well as photo-essays and visual media. In an effort to ensure that pieces submitted to Armchair/Shotgun are judged entirely on its own merits, all submissions are assessed anonymously, without regard to an author's name or biography. The magazine's website says “we feel that good writing does not know one MFA program from another. It does not know a PhD from a high school drop-out. Good writing does not know your interstate exit or your subway stop, and it does not care what you've written before. Good writing knows only story.”
Litro Magazine
London's Litro Magazine is focused on discovering “new and emerging writers, giving them a platform to be read alongside stalwarts of the literary scene”. The magazine has traditionally published short fiction, literary non-fiction and poetry, though recently have also ventured into interviews, columns, podcasts, reviews, and features on literature, arts and culture.Submissions should be no more than 3000 words.
Boulevard Magazine
Boulevard Magazine will celebrate its 30th anniversary in 2015. This highly regarded magazine strives to publish only the finest in fiction, poetry and non-fiction. While it frequently publishes writers with previous credits, it is very interested in less experienced and unpublished writers: “if you have practiced your craft and your work is the best it can be, send it to Boulevard.”
Bateau Lit Mag
Bateau Press is a letterpress publisher based in Northampton, Massachusetts. It produces high quality, well-designed, environmentally minded literary publications. Submissions for Bateau Lit Mag are encouraged from writers at all stages of their careers: age and previous publication are not considerations for eligibility. Bateau Press also runs two chapbook contests each year.
UPDATE February 9, 2015: According to Jewish tradition a memorial stone is not place on a grave for up to a year after a person dies.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sir Leon Brittan was buried in an unmarked grave in the wake of recent allegations about the former Home Secretary's links to a Westminster paedophile ring.
It is an unmarked grave. I need the permission of his family to take anyone down to the grave - Golders Green Cemetery staff member
Brittan, who died on 22 January aged 75, was buried amid strict secrecy at Golders Green Jewish Cemetery on 28 January. The grave is unmarked and people wishing to visit to the grave must first get the consent of Brittan's family.
According to the Exaronews website Brittan's family, including his widow Diana, are concerned that recent speculation and accusations of Brittan committing sexual assaults may encourage his grave to be vandalised.
A staff member said: "It is an unmarked grave. I need the permission of his family to take anyone down to the grave. We have to respect the family's wishes."
The former Conservative Minister has been named by Labour's Tom Watson and Simon Danczuk as being possibly part of a Westminster paedophile ring in the '70s and '80s. Three men have claimed to police that they were raped by Brittan when they were children.
There are also allegations that Brittan raped a 19-year-old woman at a flat in London in the '60s.
Watson compared Brittan to DJ Jimmy Savile, whose headstone in Scarborough was smashed and removed when the scale of his crimes came to light.
"How those journalists who wrote tributes to Savile must regret them now," said Watson. "Savile was protected by a culture that worshipped at the altar of celebrity. Was Brittan protected by a misplaced sense of deference to the powerful?"
it is a wicked thing to do to make allegations about anybody, even if you don't like their politics - Lord Deben
Brittan's reputation has been defended by those who knew him, including Dominic Lawson and Lord Deben, formerly John Gummer, who said: "I do think that anybody who doesn't have real evidence should recognise that."
The claims against Brittan form part of the focus of two Scotland Yard investigations into historical sexual abuse, Operations Fernbridge and Midland.
Brittan has also been identified as the recipient of the so-called "Dickens dossier", which detailed the allegations of a paedophile ring involving senior members of the Establishment, that disappeared. Brittan said he passed on the dossier to civil servants.
Being a consumer these days sucks. My travel around the mountain west means that I'm pretty much stuck with Verizon for good cell coverage wherever I travel. My profession pretty much ensures that my calls have been "captured" for the NSA. "Affordable" options for cable and high-speed Internet (also a requirement for this job) in my area are severely limited. So I'm stuck with Comcast, which might have been restricting my Internet activity for who knows how long.
Comcast, the AP determined, actively manages data on its network by using software to essentially masquerade as its subscribers' machines. When non-Comcast Internet subscribers request files from your Comcast-connected machine -- as happens in peer-to-peer file-sharing applications -- Comcast's technology steps in and tells the non-Comcast subscriber you're not available. This is a difficult story to explain, but it's quite important. For years, consumer advocates have been demanding that Congress and/or the Federal Communications Commission impose "network neutrality" regulations that would force broadband providers (like Comcast) to treat all data on a network equally. Lawmakers have so far failed to do so. Broadband providers, meanwhile, insist that they do treat all traffic equally, but they reserve the right to use certain technologies to "manage" data on their network. The Comcast plan suggests that broadband providers mean something very broad by "traffic management" -- including, it appears, purposefully stepping into your network sessions to shut them down.
Excellent. Some of the traffic targeted could be illegal file-sharing, but it's also things like highly legal voice over Internet phone service, like Skype, or TV like Joost, or basically any BitTorrent download. Want to get that movie from Netflix to watch on your laptop on your next flight? Only if Comcast decides to let you do it.
Case in point: To test how Comcast is managing traffic, AP reporters tried to download a version of the King James Bible using BitTorrent. The Bible, of course, is perfectly legal to trade; indeed, some people might say that putting the good book up for others to download is a blessed thing. But when AP reporters tried to download the Bible from Comcast subscribers in Philadelphia and San Francisco, they found that the connections were either blocked outright or delayed. (Downloads from other providers worked fine.)
Oh, and btw, Comcast isn't telling you, or the non-Comcast ISPs trying to communicate with it, or anybody else that they're doing this: "We rarely disclose our vendors or our processes for operating our network for competitive reasons and to protect against network abuse."
As the post author--Salon's Farhad Manjoo--points out, it's probably not just Comcast that's doing this, so while canceling your Comcast subscription might be satisfying, your replacement ISP might be doing the same thing. Manjoo is also completely correct in pointing out that what we need is a law. You guessed it, Net Neutrality.
Go to Save the Internet and take action.
Clinton to speak at Wellesley tonight
Hillary Clinton returns to Wellesley College on Thursday for a private question-and-answer session with Wellesley community members.
It's a rare post-election public appearance for the 2016 Democratic presidential nominee, and it's Clinton's first visit to her alma mater in Wellesley, Massachusetts, since Nov. 9.
Story Continued Below
The 90-minute event will begin with a conversation between the former secretary of state and Wellesley President Paula A. Johnson, followed by a “lively” question and answer session in Alumnae Hall, according to a copy of the invitation sent to Wellesley students and staff, obtained by POLITICO Massachusetts.
“It is a pleasure and a privilege for me to take part in a meaningful, unfiltered dialogue with a remarkable alumna and leader — and to be part of a community that values such important interactions between women,” Johnson said in the invitation.
The event begins at 5 p.m. and is closed to press, visitors and guests of Wellesley students.
Clinton will also deliver this spring's commencement address to Wellesley's graduating class.
On this day in 1943, Gen. Dwight Eisenhower publicly announces the surrender of Italy to the Allies. Germany reacted with Operation Axis, the Allies with Operation Avalanche.
With Mussolini deposed from power and the earlier collapse of the fascist government in July, Gen. Pietro Badoglio, the man who had assumed power in Mussolini's stead by request of King Victor Emanuel, began negotiating with Gen. Eisenhower for weeks. Weeks later, Badoglio finally approved a conditional surrender, allowing the Allies to land in southern Italy and begin beating the Germans back up the peninsula. Operation Avalanche, the Allied invasion of Italy, was given the go-ahead, and the next day would see Allied troops land in Salerno.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
The Germans too snapped into action. Ever since Mussolini had begun to falter, Hitler had been making plans to invade Italy to keep the Allies from gaining a foothold that would situate them within easy reach of the German-occupied Balkans. On September 8, Hitler launched Operation Axis, the occupation of Italy. As German troops entered Rome, General Badoglio and the royal family fled Rome for southeastern Italy to set up a new antifascist government. Italian troops began surrendering to their former German allies; where they resisted, as had happened earlier in Greece, they were slaughtered (1,646 Italian soldiers were murdered by Germans on the Greek island of Cephalonia, and the 5,000 that finally surrendered were ultimately shot).
One of the goals of Operation Axis was to keep Italian navy vessels out of the hands of the Allies. When the Italian battleship Roma headed for an Allied-controlled port in North Africa, it was sunk by German bombers. In fact, the Roma had the dubious honor of becoming the first ship ever sunk by a radio-controlled guided missile. More than 1,500 crewmen drowned. The Germans also scrambled to move Allied POWs to labor camps in Germany in order to prevent their escape. In fact, many POWS did manage to escape before the German invasion, and several hundred volunteered to stay in Italy to fight alongside the Italian guerillas in the north.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
The Italians may have surrendered, but their war was far from over.
Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton violated federal ethics statutes by giving “preferential treatment” to wealthy political campaign donors and financial supporters of the Clinton Foundation, according to a formal complaint filed Friday by the Foundation for Accountability and Civic Trust.
The non-profit government watchdog group filed the complaint with the Office of Government Ethics, asking it to conduct a “full investigation” into Clinton's “apparent breach of ethics rules.” A copy of the complaint was exclusively obtained by The Daily Caller News Foundation.
The organization charged Clinton gave “preferential treatment to individuals with which she had financial ties” and “regularly granted access” to rich donors, celebrities, and even powerful foreign nationals.
The FACT complaint follows the State Department's latest release of thousands of Clinton emails that she turned over to the government more than two years after leaving the office in 2013. She used a private email address and a home-brew server in her private New York residence to conduct official government business throughout her tenure.
The emails reveal rich details about how Clinton mixed government work with the worldwide network of wealthy and politically influential donors she and her husband have cultivated for decades. The emails were first publicly reported in March, 2015, by The New York Times. They are being released now in response to Freedom of Information Act lawsuit filed by Judicial Watch, another non-profit government watchdog.
Clinton granted access to such people as billionaire George Soros, philanthropists Bill and Melinda Gates, designer Diane von Furstenberg and her husband Barry Diller, retired Citigroup Chairman Sanford Weill, real estate magnate Walter Shorenstein, former Loral CEO Bernard Schwartz and media mogul Haim Saban, according to appendices attached to the complaint.
Clinton met twice as Secretary of State with Soros and appointed his personal candidate as the U.S. Government's special envoy to Albania during a period of political unrest in that country. Soros has given at least $2 million to super PACs supporting Clinton, according to the Washington Post.
“Georg Soros is anxious to see you before he leaves for Europe next Tuesday,” an aide wrote to Clinton in one of the emails. “Could I fit him in for tomorrow,” the aide asked. “Yes,” Clinton replied.
Melanne Verveer, a top aide who followed Clinton from the White House to the State Department, transmitted to her the views of Victor Pinchuk, a Ukrainian oligarch who married the daughter of former Ukrainian Communist president Leonid Kuchma.
The Clintons met Pinchuk, attending his 2014 annual conference at Livadia Palace, the last Russian czar's summer retreat on the Black Sea. He has given at least $13 million to the Clinton Foundation, according to The New York Times.
Civic reform groups widely criticized Kuchma's presidency as riddled with corruption and nepotism. The former communist leader was tainted with allegations by a Ukrainian prosecutor that he was tied to the grisly murder of a prominent anti-government journalist, whose headless and mutilated body was found in 2000.
FACT founder and former U.S. Attorney Matthew Whitaker charged in an interview with TheDCNF that Clinton “allowed insider access and pay-to-play politics” where donors to the Clinton Foundation and to her political campaigns received “regular access” to her office.
“There's a growing narrative surrounding her in the way in which she does business,” he said. “Essentially if someone wants to have access to her, they need to be a significant donor to her political campaigns or to her philanthropic endeavors.”
Ironically, Title 5 was signed into law by President Clinton. The regulation became effective on Feb. 3, 1993, and was codified in 5 CFR, part 2635, the provision invoked by FACT in its complaint. The law directs OGE to establish a clear set of executive branch standards for ethical conduct and refer any violations to the Department of Justice.
Subpart B of the law cited by the organization prohibits employees “from soliciting or accepting gifts from prohibited sources or gifts given because of their official position,” according to the OGE's website.
“The term ‘prohibited source' includes anyone seeking business with or official action by an employee's agency and anyone substantially affected by the performance of the employee's duties,” according to OGE.
“When ethics officials find evidence that an employee has violated an ethics criminal statute or regulation, they must refer the that evidence to the appropriate authority for action,” according to the law.
Follow Richard on Twitter
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Man detained without charge for two months may be close to death say human rights groups
A Palestinian prisoner who has been on hunger strike for more than eight weeks is being kept shackled to a hospital bed by the Israeli authorities, despite warnings that he may be close to death.
Khader Adnan, 33, has been held without charge under "administrative detention" since mid-December. The Israeli military authorities have refused to tell his lawyer what he is accused of or disclose any evidence against him.
Human Rights Watch (HRW) called for Israel to either charge or release Adnan. "He may be approaching death from his hunger strike, and yet Israel is chaining him to his hospital bed without bothering to even charge him with any wrongdoing," said Sarah Leah Watson, HRW's Middle East director.
HRW cited a 2006 study by the British Medical Association based on a study of the Northern Ireland hunger strikes in 1980 and 1981, in which 10 republican prisoners starved themselves to death. "Death generally occurred between 55 and 75 days," the BMA said. Bobby Sands, who was elected as a member of the British parliament during the strike, died on the 66th day.
Adnan was arrested at 3.30am on 17 December at his home near the West Bank city of Jenin. His wife, Randa, who is expecting the couple's third child, said no reason was given for his arrest. Adnan was later given an administrative detention order for four months, and is currently being detained in an Israeli hospital in Safed.
Adnan has previously been arrested nine times and was convicted of being a spokesman for Islamic Jihad, a militant organisation banned by Israel, his wife told HRW.
According to his lawyer, after his arrest Adnan was kept in solitary confinement for four days, and was subject to physical and verbal abuse, threats and prolonged interrogation.
His family visited him last week, reporting that he appeared to have lost around a third of his body weight. The family, his lawyer and doctors from Physicians for Human Rights (PHR) all said he was shackled to his bed. According to PHR, he has been transferred to five different hospitals over an eight-day period.
A protest over Adnan's detention and in solidarity with his hunger strike at the Ofer military court and prison near Jerusalem on Saturday was met with teargas and rubber bullets fired by Israeli border police. Sixteen people were injured by rubber bullets.
A spokeswoman for the Israeli prison service said Adnan was being dealt with in accordance to his "definition as a security-administrative prisoner" and with humanitarian sensitivity. "As an exception, the IPS allowed the prisoner's family members to visit as well as religious figures and allowed several meetings with representatives and doctors from Physicians for Human Rights. The prisoner is hospitalised in a public hospital and is co-operating with doctors."
More than 300 Palestinians are being held by Israel under administrative detention orders, according to Addameer, a Palestinian prisoners' support group.
November 11, 2009
Kevin Prosen explains why New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg doesn't have much to celebrate about his re-election in last week's vote.
MICHAEL BLOOMBERG can formally claim victory in New York City's mayoral election, but the reality is that the election was a repudiation of the mayor and his agenda for the city.
Despite polls predicting a landslide for Bloomberg, his margin of victory was only 5 percentage points. He won 100,000 fewer votes than in 2005, and only one in four eligible voters went to the polls.
The mass abstention and closer-than-expected outcome shows that despite Bloomberg's high approval ratings and millions spent on the campaign, voters are deeply alienated by his influence-peddling and his anti-democratic manipulation of the City Council to extend term limits, which allowed for him to run for a third term in the first place.
With a net worth upwards of $20 billion, Bloomberg is the wealthiest man in New York City and the 8th richest American. According to the New York Times, he has spent more of his personal wealth in pursuit of public office than anybody else in American history. For this re-election campaign alone, he's estimated to have spent over $100 million. By contrast, his main rival Bill Thompson spent about $6 million.
New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg
THE $100 million figure doesn't include the various ways in which Bloomberg uses his wealth and philanthropy to win support among disparate parts of the city's population. According to the Chronicle of Philanthropy, Bloomberg is the leading individual donor in the U.S. at $235 million in 2008. The money was given to causes ranging from flashy public art installations to donations for small community organizations and churches.
As a result, many prominent Black ministers supported the mayor in exchange for access and funding. For example, Rev. Calvin O. Butts III of the Abyssinian Baptist Church in Harlem endorsed Bloomberg over his longtime friend Bill Thompson. In addition to more than $1 million in private donations from Bloomberg to the Abyssinian Church, the church and its non-profits have received more than $7 million dollars in city contracts, according to the New York Times.
Other prominent ministers have been given posts on important city development boards or received funding for their own projects. The Thompson campaign complained to the Times that many Black religious leaders were reluctant to publicly endorse Thompson, for fear of alienating the mayor.
Even Barack Obama endorsed Bill Thompson under his breath, referring through a spokesman for support for "the Democratic nominee" and not even mentioning Thompson by name. In the past, Obama has praised Bloomberg's "extraordinary leadership." After treating the mayor to a "private breakfast" before his big speech on financial reform last year, Obama joked to the press, "The reason I bought breakfast is because I expected payback. I'm no dummy."
The Thompson campaign made a point of referring to "Republican" Mike Bloomberg, despite the fact that his current political ties are just as close to the corporate wing of the Democratic Party.
Having hosted the Republican National Convention in New York in 2004 and publicly endorsed George W. Bush for re-election that year, Bloomberg put his finger to the wind after the 2006 midterm elections that drove the Republicans out of control of Congress, and calculated that the Republican "brand" was losing its cache. He officially left the party in 2007, though he used the Republican ballot line in 2009.
Bloomberg received endorsements from prominent Democratic leaders like Al Gore, who praised his environmental record, and Newark Mayor Cory Booker. Liberal celebrities like Matt Damon and U2 have endorsed Bloomberg; Bono went so far as to praise the mayor from the stage at U2's recent Madison Square Garden concert.
Further, he hired Hillary Clinton's communications director Howard Wolfson as his campaign spokesperson. Wolfson tried to tone down the mayor's elitist airs and sell him as more of a "regular guy" (changing "Michael" to the presumably more folksy "Mike").
Bloomberg is a liberal on social issues, occasionally speaking more forcefully on questions like abortion than establishment Democrats, with language like: "Reproductive choice is a fundamental human right, and we can never take it for granted...[O]n this issue, you're either with us or against us." That earned him the endorsement of NARAL Pro-Choice New York. Further, prominent activists in the LGBT movement like David Mixner and Lt. Dan Choi have endorsed Bloomberg because of his call for marriage equality for New York.
A self-described independent, Bloomberg brands himself as "post-partisan," "non-ideological," and "pragmatic," but this is merely a superficial justification for his opportunistic politics, oriented on the pursuit of power and influence.
Despite opposing term-limit extensions as recently as 2005, Bloomberg conveniently changed his mind as his second term drew to a close, and pushed an extension of term limits in New York City through the City Council, which extended its own term limits in the process. In doing so, he circumvented the will of the voters in a 1993 voter initiative that supported two-term limits and a 1996 referendum that was decisively in favor of maintaining the limits. A judge threw out a complaint by two members of the City Council arguing that there was an illegal conflict of interest in elected officials voting on whether or not to extend their own terms in office.
This, more than any other single act of the mayor's, fostered the resentment behind the low voter turnout and the narrow election, with people coming to the conclusion that Bloomberg was able to simply buy the mayor's office.
BLOOMBERG CLAIMS that because of his business background, he is uniquely capable of managing New York City in the context of the current financial crisis--and from Wall Street's perspective this is true. As head of the financial data giant Bloomberg LP, his fortunes are intimately connected to the very sectors of finance that caused the current economic crisis.
According to a recent article in Forbes magazine, 90 percent of Bloomberg's profits come from subscriptions to their financial information system, an indispensable tool for the hedge funds, investment banks and other purveyors of obscure financial commodities.
However, because of the current recession, thousands of Bloomberg subscriptions have been canceled. The collapse of Lehman Brothers alone wiped out 1 percent of Bloomberg's subscription, or "installation" base. As the Forbes article continued:
"Bloomberg is brilliant at catering to the masters of the universe. But it tied its fate to the hardest-hit sectors of Wall Street," says an industry analyst who closely follows the company and refuses to be identified for fear of losing access to their data. "Bloomberg's sales have massively slowed down," he says, estimating the company is averaging a loss of 1,000 "installs" a month.
Thus, Bloomberg's fortune is directly tied to the financial and real estate speculation that caused the most recent economic bubble--and that has wreaked so much damage in New York through aggressive gentrification. Low-income housing in the city has been disappearing, replaced by expensive condominiums for affluent professionals. Over 16,000 housing units have been pushed out of rent-stabilization since 2005.
One example of the kind of real estate development recently is the fate of the Stuyvesant Town and Peter Cooper Village housing complexes. Three years ago, mega-developers Tishman Speyer and Blackrock Realty paid $5.4 billion for the property, the largest real estate deal in history.
Both complexes have long been made up of rent-stabilized housing for low- and middle-income workers. In order to make the deal profitable, these people had to be pushed out and replaced with high-income professionals. Last spring, an appellate court ruled that the development's new landlords illegally raised rents after receiving tax breaks for providing rent-subsidized housing.
After the collapse of the financial markets and massive layoffs on Wall Street, effective demand for luxury housing has slowed. The current rental rolls at Stuyvesant Town put its value at less than half of what was paid for it, and the landlords are in danger of defaulting on their loans.
Then there's the question of schools.
Bloomberg has, perhaps more than any other issue, claimed to be a leader on education. Under his administration, the old Board of Education was disbanded and replaced by a system of mayoral control, headed by corporate tool Joel Klein as chancellor. The Bloomberg-Klein administration has imposed a data-driven corporate model oriented on accountability for teachers based on student performance on standardized tests.
In step with the priorities of the Obama administration's Race to the Top program, Klein's project is to weaken and eventually do away with teacher seniority and tenure, and implement a union-busting merit pay system to reward teachers whose students score highly on standardized tests.
Klein and Bloomberg have also aggressively pushed privatization of public schooling through charter schools--currently, they're pressuring Albany to lift caps on charter schools, another criterion to qualify for federal Race to the Top grants, and have vowed to open 100 more charters during their tenure.
The powerful United Federation of Teachers (UFT), one of New York's most influential unions with 200,000 members, has been particularly cowardly in standing up to this attack. Union leaders have been pliant on the issue of charter schools (the UFT actually runs two of its own charter school campuses in the city) and standardized testing.
UFT officials claim that mayoral control is popular with the public, and therefore can't be opposed. Instead of using the union's massive resources to wage a public campaign against the most destructive aspects of Bloomberg's agenda and educate the public around charters, testing and mayoral control, union leaders like Randi Weingarten and Michael Mulgrew have accepted the basic framework of Bloomberg and Klein's project, and played the role of intermediaries, selling concessions to members in exchange for small trade-offs.
The union's contract expired on October 31, and as of yet, no agreement has been reached.
Despite the support of the entire establishment of New York City and his own lavish spending on the campaign, Michael Bloomberg barely squeaked back into office. Building on the sentiment that led to this unexpected victory--growing anger around unemployment, budget cuts, rising rents and more--is the key to building a movement from below that can challenge Bloomberg's corporate agenda for New York.
Dallas Cowboys want DeMarcus Ware to take pay cut - ESPN Dallas
Citing a source, Archer writes that Cowboys have told Ware that they definitely want to keep him, but not at his current salary of $12.25 million and cap number of $16 million. Now the team has to decide just how much they want Ware.
Jason Witten: Tony Romo will return better than ever | Jon Machota, DMN
Witten addressed Romo's health and Romo's restructured contract on Tuesday.
"He's going to come back better than ever," Witten said. "He understands the urgency [to win now]. Most importantly, he's working his tail off to give us the best chance to do that. That's all we can ask at this point, get healthy and come back stronger, so we have a better football team." "It's all about competing for a championship," Witten said. "He's going to do everything that he can. Obviously that's part of the situation we're in with the cap, that we have to get under. Hopefully add a couple pieces to our roster that can give us a chance to make that run."
‘Energized' Jason Witten talks about looking for playoff success in 2014 | Jon Machota, DMN
After the last few seasons, Witten feels a distinct sense of urgency to get back into the playoff s and continue from there.
"At this point, literally every day it's about, ‘How can you do your part to be part of a championship team?' That's the legacy I want to have and one I want to be a part of. This franchise has had a lot of it, but for us, we haven't experienced that. It's been a tough 3-4 years here in the way that we came up short, but it's got to motivate you to come out on the other end."
Dallas Cowboys hope to quiet hamstring issues - Todd Archer, ESPN Dallas
Archer explains that the Cowboys in order to avoid a repeat of the hamstring issues that have plagued them for the last two years, the Cowboys have studied other teams' approaches and injury numbers to come up with a solution. Without gong into specifics, that solution will likely revolve around cutting back on the time spent on the field, especially early in the offseason, and tweaking the daily schedule.
Tyron Smith's Pro Bowl Parting Gift: Tendonitis | Richie Whitt, NBC 5 DFW
Smith is battling tendonitis in his right knee, likely a result of playing in the Pro Bowl after taking a month off from physical activity.
"I think I played the whole game," Smith told me over the weekend. "I was gassed. And I played on the right side. My mind and my body weren't used to that. I mean, it was a great experience and I'm honored to have been chosen, but …"
Woodson Says Cowboys Need Veteran Help Alongside Church - Nick Eatman, DallasCowboys.com
Darren Woodson argues that the Cowboys need some veteran on-field leadership at safety.
"They need a well-rounded guy like George [Teague] was. He was probably the smartest person I've ever played with," Woodson said. "A guy that lines everyone up and calms everything down. That's what they need. It doesn't matter if the guy is cocky or arrogant, it needs to be someone people respect and will say, ‘this guy knows his stuff.'"
Contract killers: Players who hurt their free-agent value in 2013 - SI.com
Chris Burke looks at players who failed to improve their worth to potential new employers in 2013. One of them is Anthony Spencer.
On the plus side for Spencer, he ought to have plenty of cash banked following back-to-back franchise tags from the Cowboys. The negative, though, is that he missed the 2013 season after requiring microfracture knee surgery. Hence players' issue with the franchise tag — had Spencer made it to free agency prior to '13, he would have done so off a breakthrough 11-sack campaign. Now, he's an aging pass-rusher coming off a major injury.
Sorting through Dallas Cowboys' draft needs - Todd Archer, ESPN Dallas
Jerry Jones dropped some pretty clear hints about what the Cowboys are going to do in the draft about corners, tight ends and outside linebackers: Not much.
He said drafting a corner "could be stacking it up," too much with Brandon Carr, Orlando Scandrick and Morris Claiborne. He said tight end would not be a position of need with Jason Witten and Gavin Escobar. He said "not necessarily" wide receiver, either. The Cowboys like DeMarco Murray a lot, but "that doesn't mean we won't bring in another potentially very competitive running back in at all." He said a strongside linebacker would not be much of a need because of its lack of importance in the 4-3. He mentioned liking what they have at safety but would not rule out a draft pick.
Dallas Cowboys, St. Louis Rams facing pressure this offseason - Don Banks, SI.com
Banks formulates a to-do list for the Cowboys with the most important tasks the front office must must get done this offseason.
Hatcher probably will elicit an offer too big for Dallas to contend with, but Spencer and Ware might both make their way back to the Cowboys, leaving defensive tackle the obvious focus in the first round of the draft. Fortunately for Dallas, defensive tackle talents like Pitt's Aaron Donald and Florida State's Timmy Jernigan should be available at No. 16, and safety, another area of need, is also a fairly deep position in this year's draft. Lastly, finding a backup quarterback should Kyle Orton retire is another critical item on the offseason to-do list.
Mayock: Pitt's Aaron Donald now is No. 1 DT in the draft - NFL.com
Pittsburgh's Aaron Donald is the new No. 1 defensive tackle in NFL Media draft analyst Mike Mayock's updated position rankings.
The Notebook: Aaron Donald, master of technique - SBNation.com
Stephen White, former defensive end in Tampa Bay (1996-01) and the Jets (2002) took a closer look at Aaron Donald, only to find a player who will make some team very happy it drafted him. Here's an excerpt of where he calls Donald a "Marinelli guy":
It doesn't much matter where you put this guy on first and second down, anyway. He is going to come out of the gate boosting somebody's pass rush on third down, period. That is why I believe Donald won't make it past the Dallas Cowboys picking at No. 16. Many moons ago the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, on their defensive line coach Rod Marinelli's strong suggestion, drafted Anthony McFarland in the first round even though they already had a future Hall of Famer in Warren Sapp. The ensuing years played out much like the scenario I just explained. Donald would, in many ways, be a perfect fit for the Cowboys. With last year's three technique, Jason Hatcher, likely leaving via free agency, Donald would fill an immediate need. If he lasts until the 16th pick, he will likely be the best player available, anyway. Even with his questionable effort at times, I have to think Marinelli will see a lot of Geno Atkins in Donald and pound the table for the Cowboys to take him so that Donald can be a cornerstone for a new foundation after the defense's wretched performance last season under Monte Kiffin. The more I think about it, the more I believe that Donald should not drop that far. Even with the intermittent effort issues, this guy plays at a level, technique-wise, that I haven't seen from a college defensive lineman in the last decade. Yes, I'm including Atkins, Gerald McCoy, Ndamukong Suh, Marcell Dareus, Nick Fairley and anybody else you can name. None of them had what this kid has at that point in their football lives.
D-Line Is Preferable But Not Opposed To O-Line - Bryan Broaddus, DallasCowboys.com
Broaddus argues that value for defensive linemen can be found in the second and third rounds, and that perhaps drafting an offensive lineman in the first round would be a better option.
Don't get me wrong, I am a fan of Pittsburgh defensive tackle Aaron Donald and he is a perfect scheme fit here but I am also looking at the value of a player like Notre Dame offensive lineman Zack Martin, who could start out as your guard then move to tackle when you are moving on from Doug Free. My plan would be to try and develop an offensive line of young starters that when I have to make that switch at quarterback, my young guy has a chance.
Safety Deone Bucannon's draft stock is rising | The Seattle Times
During his four years at Washington State, Deone Bucannon established a reputation as one of the most-ferocious hitters in the Pac-12 conference and finished his career with some eye-popping numbers.
NFL might experiment with making extra-point attempts longer - NFL.com
The NFL Competition Committee is thinking about placing the ball at the 25-yard line for the extra-point kick -- which would make it a 42-yard attempt -- rather than the 2-yard line, where it is currently placed. A longer extra-point try certainly would make things more interesting and require significantly more strategizing.
An Amtrak sign at Union Station in Washington. (Photo: Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images)
WASHINGTON — The Drug Enforcement Administration paid an Amtrak employee more than $850,000 during the past 20 years to serve as a confidential informant for the agency only to receive information that was always available to the DEA at no cost, an internal Justice Department review found.
The Amtrak employee, who was not identified in an investigative summary prepared by the Justice Department's inspector general, was being paid to assist a task force involving the DEA and Amtrak Police Department aimed at identifying contraband trafficking on the passenger train system.
A second Amtrak employee, assigned to a different task force, was paid a much lesser amount — $9,701 — again for information that was freely available to the DEA, the inspector general found.
Both arrangements, according to the inspector general, violated federal regulations and were regarded as "wasting substantial government funds.''
In addition, the investigation concluded that when DEA officials sought approval to register both Amtrak employees as informants in the "confidential source program," the required documents did not contain information that the informants would be paid.
DEA and Amtrak officials did not immediately respond to requests for comment Thursday.
In a separate finding, the inspector general concluded that the DEA registered a Transportation Security Administration screener in the confidential source program to provide information on passengers who might be carrying large sums of money, even though TSA employees would already be obligated to provide such information to law enforcement officers.
Although the inspector general found that the screener did not provide "any actionable information'' and was not paid by the DEA, the arrangement could have "violated individuals' protection against unreasonable searches and seizures'' had it led to DEA enforcement action.
In the end, the TSA informant was "deactivated for inability to provide any useful information.''
The findings disclosed Thursday come in the wake of the inspector general's stinging rebuke of the DEA's failure to provide proper oversight of some 240 confidential informants.
In a July report, the inspector general concluded that the DEA followed an ad-hoc informant management policy that did not abide by established Justice Department guidelines and exposed the government to "significant risk.''
For a year, ending last June 30, investigators found that the DEA paid more than $1 million in federal benefits to 17 informants or their dependents without proper government controls.
Follow @bykevinj on Twitter
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1RcBkAF
As Newfoundland did not join the Dominion of Canada until 1949, it had its own currency for many decades. It adopted its own decimal currency in 1863. Compared to other pre-Confederation British colonies, it had a wide selection of decimal coinage (including a twenty cent coin). The most important coin in Newfoundland was the Spanish American dollar (the 8-real piece), therefore, the Newfoundland government set its dollar equal in value to this coin. The new decimal cent was equal to the British halfpenny and $4.80 was equal to one pound sterling.[1]
Queen Victoria Laureated Portrait, 1865-1876 [ edit ]
Specifications [ edit ]
Years Designers Engraver Composition Weight Diameter 1865-1876 Leonard C. Wyon and Horace Morehen Thomas J. Minton .95 copper, .04 tin, .01 zinc 5.67 grams 25.53 mm
Mintages [ edit ]
Year and Mint Mark Mintage 1865 240,000 1872H 200,000 1873 200,000 1876H 200,000
Varieties of 1880: Three date varieties exist for 1880. The first has a narrow 0 in the date, while the second and the third have a wide 0 in different positions.[2] Position of the Wide 0 would be either evenly placed or low compared to the other numbers.
Mintages [ edit ]
Year and Mint Mark Mintage 1880 400,000 1885 40,000 1888 50,000 1890 200,000 1894 200,000 1896 200,000
Edward VII 1904-1909 [ edit ]
The reverse design was a slight modification of the Victorian reverse. Instead of the Imperial State Crown, it was replaced by St. Edward's crown. The effigy of King Edward VII was similar to most Canadian coins of the era. The difference with the Newfoundland coinage is that the bust on the effigy is larger and the letter size in the legend is very small.[3]
Specifications [ edit ]
Designer Engraver Composition Weight Diameter G.W. DeSaulles W.H.J. Blakemore .95 copper, .04 tin, .01 zinc 5.67 grams 25.53 mm
Mintages [ edit ]
Date and Mint Mark Mintage 1904H 100,000 1907 200,000 1909 200,000
George V 1913-1936 [ edit ]
The reverse for these coins is exactly the same as those for the Edward VII coins. The effigy of King George V was the same as the effigies for Canadian coins. Any coins that were manufactured at the Ottawa Mint have a C Mint Mark to signify it.[4]
Specifications [ edit ]
Designer Engraver Composition (1913-1920) Composition (1926-1936) Weight Diameter (1913, 1929-1936) Diameter (1917-1920) Sir E.B. MacKennal Sir E.B. MacKennal .95 copper, .04 tin, .01 zinc .955 copper, .030 tin, .015 zinc 5.67 grams 25.53 mm 25.40 mm
Mintages [ edit ]
Date and Mint Mark Mintage 1913 400,000 1917C 702,350 1919C 300,000 1920C 302,184 1929 300,000 1936 300,000
George VI 1938-1947 [ edit ]
In 1937, the government of Newfoundland reviewed the option of converting to a smaller cent. The arguments in favour of it were cost-related. The new reverse would feature the Pitcher plant, a plant very native to Newfoundland, although many felt that the coin was too small and the plant had an unnatural look. During World War II, Newfoundland cents were manufactured in Ottawa rather than in England. This was done to avoid the risks of transatlantic shipping. Although coins manufactured in Ottawa between 1940 and 1947 have a C Mint Mark to signify that the coins were manufactured in Ottawa, the C Mint Mark does not exist on the 1940 and 1942 issues.[5]
Specifications [ edit ]
Designer Engraver Composition Weight Diameter Percy Metcalfe Walter J. Newman .955 copper, .030 tin, .015 zinc 3.24 grams 19.05 mm
Mintages [ edit ]
Date and Mint Mark Mintage 1938 500,000 1940 300,000 1941C 827,662 1942 1,996,889 1943C 1,239,732 1944C 1,328,776 1947C 313,772
The 1940 and 1941 both have re-engraved or repunched varieties. The whole date is sometimes visible as re-engraved and sometimes only the 4 followed by the 0 or 1. Numbers of the re engraved 1940 and 1941 struck are included in the overall mintage figures. Re-engraved varieties are much rarer and are therefore more desirable to collectors.
References [ edit ]
The city of Spokane has filed a lawsuit against the international agrochemical giant Monsanto, alleging that the company sold chemicals for decades that it knew were a danger to human and environmental health, and is at fault for polluting the Spokane River.
The lawsuit, filed in U.S. District Court in Spokane, is similar to suits filed recently by San Diego and San Jose against the Missouri-based agriculture company for compromising municipal water sources with polychlorinated biphenyls, or PCBs.
Marlene Feist, the city's utilities spokeswoman, called the suit “long-term litigation,” acknowledging that the city didn't specify the damages being sought. She noted that the city will spend $300 million in coming years to keep PCBs and other pollutants from entering the river.
Monsanto was the sole producer of PCBs between 1935 and 1979, when Congress banned them under the Toxic Substances Control Act. Until then, the company commonly sold the chemical under the name of Aroclor, which was developed by Monsanto as a coolant in electrical transformers and capacitors. It was soon used in an array of industrial, commercial and household products.
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has said that PCBs are probable carcinogens, and PCBs are linked to inducing many types of cancers, including breast, liver, gall bladder, melanoma and others. Evidence suggests that PCBs impair the immune system, reproductive system, nervous system and endocrine system.
Charla Lord, a Monsanto spokeswoman, said in a statement that the company is “reviewing the lawsuit and its allegations. However, Monsanto is not responsible for the costs alleged in this matter.”
Monsanto only sold PCBs as a “lawful and useful product that was then incorporated by third parties into other useful products,” Lord said. “If improper disposal or other improper uses created the necessity for cleanup costs, then these other third parties would bear responsibility for these costs.”
The Spokane River has long been known to contain elevated levels of PCBs, which have been found in its water, sediments, fish and wildlife. The chemical has entered the river by various means, including through commercial and industrial products such as paint, hydraulic fluids, sealants and inks. Today, PCBs primarily enter through the city's water and stormwater discharges.
The city is trying to meet a 2017 federal deadline to stop pollution from entering the river. It has adopted an Integrated Clean Water Plan, and is adding more levels of treatment at its water treatment plant.
“The package of projects we have to clean up the river is the biggest public works project we've ever done at the city,” said Feist. “We know it's expensive for our citizens to have all that cost covered.”
Feist said it would be a “good outcome” if Monsanto helped pay for environmental remediation related to PCBs.
City Council President Ben Stuckart said the city had a $60 million “donut hole” for cleanup projects that are not eligible for state or federal grant funding because they are not mandated by the Clean Water Act.
“In a perfect world, Monsanto would pay to clean up all the PCB projects,” he said. “Monsanto knew that they were poisoning the environment. It's like the tobacco cases. There are documents that exist that say, ‘We know we are creating an environmental disaster for the rest of the world.' They knew about these but they keep putting them in the environment.”
No other local jurisdictions are party to the lawsuit. Several key officials at Spokane County said they were not aware of the suit.
Rick Eichstaedt, executive director of the Center for Justice and its Spokane Riverkeeper program, applauded the city for working collaboratively and taking part in the Spokane River Regional Toxics Task Force, which includes government, business and environmental representatives.
Eichstaedt said that the acceptable limit for PCBs is currently set at three parts per quadrillion.
“Three parts per quadrillion is like finding $3 bills in Canada,” he said, noting the “impossibility of the task” is recognized by the city and leads to many questions that are still unanswered.
“Where exactly are these things coming from? We just really don't know,” he said. “What stretches of the river are problems? How much is coming from the aquifer? How much is coming from the point problems, like Kaiser and Inland Empire, among others?”
Inland Empire Paper is owned by the Cowles Co., which also owns The Spokesman-Review.
“Nobody disagrees that we need to clean up PCBs,” Eichstaedt said. “And the city is having to bear the brunt of a lot of this responsibility.”
Beside Monsanto, the city's lawsuit names two other companies that spun off from the company in the 1990s, Solutia and Pharmacia, which manufacture chemical and pharmacy products, respectively.
Lord, the company's spokeswoman, noted that the company has produced many products and has gone through many transformations over the years.
“Monsanto today, and for the last decade, has been focused solely on agriculture, but we share a name with a company that dates back to 1901,” Lord wrote in a statement. “The former Monsanto was involved in a wide variety of businesses including the manufacture of PCBs. … The manufacture of PCBs in the United States was banned in 1979, although the former Monsanto voluntarily ceased production and selling before that.”
The outside law firms representing the city – Baron and Budd, and Gomez Trial Attorneys – have experience with PCB litigation, and represent San Diego and San Jose in their suits against the agrochemical company.
Baron and Budd, a national law firm with environmental litigation experience, currently offers free PCB testing to any school built between 1950 and 1980. According to the firm, it specializes in lawsuits designed to help public entities recover the cost of remediation. The company has worked with people affected by asbestos.
Scott Summy, the lead attorney on the Spokane case, has been the force behind much of this litigation, and regularly represents public water providers whose water is contaminated by chemicals. He was also involved in lawsuits arising out of the Deepwater Horizon explosion and oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico in 2010.
Feist said the firms approached Spokane about the lawsuit in the spring after learning of the city's plans to deal with the river's pollution.
by
Photos by Sam Heller // Written by Kevin Quandt //
The War On Drugs with Heron Oblivion //
The Independent — San Francisco
Wednesday April 2, 2014 //
Adam Granduciel has arrived to the next level, as The War on Drugs have broken through the underground in a big way with their latest release entitled, Lost in a Dream. The subsequent, and long awaited, tour has been nothing short of fantastic as an expanded band has led to their most sonically pleasing tour to date. Having sold out nearly their entire run of shows, the anticipation was high for a two-night stand at the Independent. Both evenings were viewed as a treat for longtime fans, but possibly bittersweet as this is sure to be their last time in rooms of this size. However, the capacity crowd on Wednesday was ready to be apart of something special – a sublime evening led by one of our generation's brightest creators.
The second show of the series featured relatively unknown noise-rockers, Heron Oblivion, playing a blisteringly loud set of feedback-heavy rock with sultry female vocals cooed by their drummer. It was lovely and abrasive at the same time, seeming to meld Jefferson Starship with Sonic Youth in a heavy, heavy way.
A quick stage changeover led to Granduciel and band taking the stage promptly at 9:30 as the edges of the venue became tighter and tighter. “An Ocean in Between the Waves” was a pleasant, and rare, show opener as the crowd eased into the new, thicker live sound; much fuller compared to their last performance at the Independent over two years ago. Future Weather standout track “Baby Missiles” led into “Under the Pressure”, a wallop of a pairing, as each track was perfectly extended adding extra moments to bask in the aural beauty that Granduciel churns out like no other current musician. It's not too hard to hear Granduciel's influences when you listen to his various records as The War on Drugs, but his influence from classic artists like Tom Petty, Bruce Springsteen and Bob Dylan are represented through appropriation as opposed to imitation. The combination of these classic rock sounds have never sounded so fresh or revitalized.
At this point in the show, the core 6-piece band expanded by the addition of a pedal steel guitar player for “Suffering”, a pleasant change in sound and tempo had a receptive crowd contently eating out their hands. “I Was There” is always a highlight of any WOD show, and was no different tonight as Granduciel tenderly belted out this classic cut before launching into their latest single. “Red Eyes” had the crowd ‘wooing' along in jubilee with the man who was front and center. One pleasant surprise for longtime fans was the inclusion of older tracks like “Arms Like Boulders” off of Wagonwheel Blues – featuring a favorite lyric of this writer, “Chasing squirrels around your property / Making sure that they know that this is your kingdom.” As the lengthy set drifted on, heavier ambient jams would take flight, eventually leading to set closer, “In Reverse”.
Few attendees made an early exit on this weeknight, and the faithful were rewarded with a big encore that started off with a newer cover being featured this tour. John Lennon's “Mind Games” was a serious highlight, delivered in a manner that few current acts can do. “Disappearing” led into a true War on Drugs classic, “Brothers”. This song has had a long life as it first appeared on Future Weather as a stripped down acoustic track nodding to Dylan before morphing into a full-band cut off of Slave Ambient. It now it sounds almost unrecognizable as the vocal phrasing and music has been altered, demonstrating the skill of song-crafting that Granduciel has become so well known for. Expect big things from The War on Drugs as they are rising stock for all the right reasons.
Advertisements
Proving once again that critics have very little effect on the box office, Melissa McCarthy had yet another “face on the poster” comedy hit, as The Boss topped Batman V Superman for first place. However, the films had a virtually identical total, as The Boss is reported to be in first by just $45K. If that holds, that's one of the closest results ever, though there is a chance that Batman V Superman pulls ahead once the final results are announced.
The Boss was in first with a strong $23.4M from 3,480 theaters. While that is lower than some of McCarthy's other debuts, It's still a very solid result for an April release and the 19% on Rotten Tomatoes. Not to mention, the marketing didn't have a very clear hook or intriguing premise, so it basically relied on McCarthy's inclusion alone. However, word of mouth may prove to be a problem, as the film received a terrible 18% on Rotten Tomatoes, and a C+ Cinemascore from audiences. In comparison, The Heat scored an A-, Bridesmaids and Spy both scored a B+, while Identity Thief scored a B. Only Tammy got the same score, which is never a good sign. However, it has a primarily adult audience who tend to come out more after opening weekend, so look for The Boss to close with over $60M.
In second place, Batman V Superman was down 54% to $23.4M. That brings its domestic total to $296.6M. At this point, it is a very real possibility that Deadpool ends up with a higher domestic total (currently up to $358M), something that would have been impossible to predict a few months ago.
In third, Zootopia had another solid weekend, down 26% to $14M. That brings its domestic total to $296M, just $500K under the total of Batman V Superman. It should top $300M sometime this week.
The most hyped new release of the weekend, Hardcore Henry, failed to garner any attention outside its niche indie crowd. The film opened in 3,018 theaters with $5M. That was below its $8-$10M predictions going into the weekend, but honestly isn't all that surprising. The idea of a first person action movie shot with GoPro's isn't something that's really going to appeal to a general audience, and it was a strange move on the part of STX Entertainment to give this such a massive release. It likely would've been fine being released in 1,500-2,000 theaters which likely would've saved them quite a bit of money. The C+ Cinemascore isn't a great sign, and this film will likely wind up grossing under $15M by the end of its run.
All the way down in 15th place was Demolition, which opened in 854 theaters with $1.1M, for a terrible per theater average of $1.3K. Ultimately, without any real hook in the marketing or any awards season buzz, there simply wasn't much of an audience. Not to mention, a mediocre 50% on Rotten Tomatoes likely turned away much of the arthouse crowd.
Richard Linklater's Everybody Wants Some!! expanded into 63 theaters and took in a solid $510K. The film was originally set to go into wide release in its opening weekend until just a few weeks before, but building up some buzz and specialty market money could likely help build interest towards an eventual nationwide expansion.
Midnight Special expanded into 493 theaters and took in $1.1M. While that isn't a spectacular result, the film didn't have any real marketing, so that result isn't very surprising.
Advertisements
Free Among the Sleep Alpha, now with Oculus Rift support!
We recently published the Oculus Rift-supported version of our free Among the Sleep Alpha! For everyone with devkits, you can now download and test it from this url.
Please keep in mind that it´s still a work in progress though. For example the menu is currently being remade to support the Rift, which means that you will still have start the game and change controller settings etc. outside the Rift. There is also a Oculus Rift toggle on/off in the graphics settings.
Going forward we'll be optimising the implementation a lot, and we have established a good relationship with Oculus themselves to acquire feedback on how to create the best Rift experience for you.
Anyho, please feel free to send us any feedback you might have here, and we'll keep optimising it in the months to come!
[really_simple_share]
British childrens' show Peppa Pig
Did Yorkshire Muslims declare war on music about non-halal animals?
A British couple is claiming that they were accused of anti-Muslim racism and thrown off of a bus for singing a song about a cartoon pig to their autistic baby daughter.
Nick Barnfield and Sara Cleaves said they were singing the Peppa Pig theme song and imitating the character in an effort to calm their crying 15-month-old while returning from a hospital visit in Sheffield to their home in South Yorkshire earlier this month.
Advertisement
Advertisement
According to the couple, a woman then complained to the driver that their behavior was clearly a racist reference to the fact that Muslims cannot eat pork.
“She was saying, ‘You're irresponsible parents teaching your child to be racist. You shouldn't be singing that to your daughter, it's a song about pigs and it's racist,'” Barnfield said.
Barnfield said the driver then ordered them to leave the bus, even though they were still two miles away from home. When the family tried to get onto another bus, he said, the driver immediately told them to leave.
Advertisement
“The driver from the other bus had obviously radioed out to other buses and told them not to let us on,” he said.
Barnfield said it took the family more than two hours to walk home.
Advertisement
Footage of the incident depicts a woman talking to the couple and the driver, as well as the couple leaving the bus.
A spokesperson for the bus company, First, said that the driver has denied that racism accusations were a factor in the incident. The company is still investigating.
— Katherine Timpf is a reporter at National Review Online.
WASHINGTON -- Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) fired a warning shot to Republicans on Friday: Stop blocking President Barack Obama's executive branch nominees or I'll ask him to bypass the Senate and recess appoint all of them.
"If something doesn't break here, I am going to recommend to the president he recesses appoint all these people, every one of them. It's not unique. The power to recess appoint is in our Constitution," Reid said on the Senate floor. "These are the president's nominations and he should have the right to have these people working in his administration."
Reid then proceeded to read through a list of stalled executive branch nominees and, just to make the point that Republicans have no intention of letting them advance, he objected to all of them himself.
"Every one of these I'm going to reject on behalf of the Republicans," he said. "How do you like that?"
Reid's comments came shortly after Republicans told him they would object to the confirmation of nearly 70 noncontroversial executive branch nominees that Democrats planned to bring up for a vote. Reid warned that he'll be watching for "significant action" in clearing that list in March, and if that doesn't happen, he'll recommend to Obama that he recess appoint all of them when Congress adjourns in April. "I mean, I can ask if I want and he doesn't have to respond affirmatively -- but I'm going to ask him to appoint them all," he said.
The Senate won't be in session next week, but it will be holding periodic "pro forma" sessions that Republicans are leaning on to prevent Obama from making recess appointments. Both parties have used that tactic when in the minority.
A request for comment from the White House was not immediately returned, nor was a request for comment from the office of Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.).
Sen. Mike Lee (R-Utah), who has led the charge to block Obama's nominees in protest of controversial recess appointments he made last month, warned of the long-term effects of what Reid is proposing to do.
"It is odd, to say the least, for the Senate Majority Leader to suggest that unless we stop responding to the President's unconstitutional actions, more unconstitutional actions will follow," Lee said in a statement. "Senator Reid has condoned and encouraged further use of President Obama's unprecedented practice of making unconstitutional 'recess' appointments even when the Senate does not consider itself to be in recess. As Majority Leader, Senator Reid has a responsibility to defend the rightful prerogatives of the Senate against encroachment by the President. His failure has the potential to last long beyond this Administration or any partisan gains for the Democrats."
Lee has vowed to delay all nominees -- and to seek Democratic and Republican allies in his effort -- until Obama rescinds four recess appointments he made last month when Congress may not have technically been in recess, a move some say may have been a violation of the Constitution. Those included the appointment of three National Labor Relations Board nominees and of Richard Cordray to head the newly created Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.
"In the coming days, I will join with other Senators to act as a check on the president's unconstitutional conduct by voting against some nominees," Lee said earlier Friday on the Senate floor. "I expect that many of my Republican colleagues, and in time some of my Democratic colleagues, will rise in defense of the Constitution and vote against President Obama's nominees until such time that he takes actions to restore the Senate's full constitutional right to advise and consent to his nominees."
UPDATE: 5:40 p.m. -- White House spokesman Eric Schultz wouldn't say Friday if Obama would recess appoint his nominees en masse.
After Combat Stress, Violence Can Show Up At Home
Enlarge this image toggle caption Tom Williams/CQ-Roll Call, Inc./Getty Images Tom Williams/CQ-Roll Call, Inc./Getty Images
Stacy Bannerman didn't recognize her husband after he returned from his second tour in Iraq.
"The man I had married was not the man that came back from war," she says.
Bannerman's husband, a former National Guardsman, had been in combat and been diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder. He behaved in ways she had never expected, and one day, he tried to strangle her.
"I had been with this man for 11 years at that point, and there had never been anything like this before," Bannerman said. "I was so furious and so afraid."
At first, she thought it was just a problem within her marriage. She called a hotline for military families to ask for help and learned something else she hadn't expected.
"The woman operating the hotline began weeping," Bannerman remembered. "She was getting so many of these calls from military spouses all over the country."
The debate about the relationship between domestic violence and post-traumatic stress disorder has waxed and waned since the invasions of Iraq and Afghanistan, but has never quite gone away. Headlines periodically reignite it, as when the son of former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin, who is an Iraq vet, faced domestic violence allegations earlier this year.
When Stress Gives Way To Aggression
Veterans' advocates are anxious about the stereotype of combat vets as ticking time bombs, which is contradicted by the vast majority of former troops who live with post-traumatic stress and never hurt anyone.
There is a link, however, between PTSD and violence, said Dr. Casey Taft, a top researcher with the Department of Veterans Affairs. Vets with PTSD are three times more likely to be violent, he said.
"When one is exposed to war-zone trauma and combat trauma, they are going to be more likely to assume the worst and assume people are trying to do harm to them — and more likely to respond to that with aggressions," he said.
For many sufferers of post-traumatic stress, the terror and adrenaline of a life-threatening moment won't go away. When that builds into aggression, the target can often be a wife or girlfriend.
More than a third of women and about a fourth of men surveyed in the U.S. have experienced "intimate partner violence" at some point in their lives, according to public health statistics. Studies commissioned by the VA suggest those levels are about the same among active-duty troops and veterans, but more such research is ongoing.
Bannerman wrote a book about her experience, and says that today she hears from the partners of veterans almost every day. The stories tend to be similar.
"He was shrieking with his eyes open. And I went to shake him. He grabbed my wrist and twisted it. ... I knew my wrist was broken," one woman told NPR. "I took myself to the emergency room."
Another woman described how her husband shoved her down just after her son was born, ripping open the scar from her cesarean section.
A third woman found that her husband would sometimes just "go blank," she said. "You could see that he wasn't there."
The three women, all of whom are full-time caregivers to disabled combat veterans, talked with NPR about their experience after requesting that they not be identified in order to protect their privacy and allow them to speak frankly.
They described, among other things, the shock they felt at how different their husbands were after returning home from deployments.
"It really took me by surprise," one said. "It was completely out of his character for the man that I met and fell in love with."
The women described how, initially, they began covering for the men. The woman whose childbirth surgery scar was torn told doctors in the hospital's emergency department that she had tripped over their dog and fell.
"I've never given the ER the correct info," said another woman about her many hospital visits.
Caregiving Burdens
Victims of domestic violence have many reasons for staying in their relationships. In the military, there are more reasons: reporting abuse can end a soldier's career badly, which can mean not only disgrace but no benefits for the family.
Some of the women who talked with NPR also said they thought that their husbands could get better with time and help.
"I wanted to keep my family together," one said. "We had three kids at this time. I didn't want his career to be over because of this — if I could just get him the help that he needs."
Serving as the caregiver for a wounded vet can be its own full-time job, with a stipend from the VA. For women in an abusive situation, leaving can also mean leaving behind that source of income.
"He would still have his pay every month," as one wife told NPR. "He wouldn't have to worry financially. If I were to walk out? I walk out with nothing. No job. I haven't been working since 2012."
All three of the women who spoke with NPR said they wanted to stay, to help their husbands recover from war. They went into their relationships with their eyes open, they said, and felt that caring for their sometimes violent husbands was its own form of service to the country.
"I thought, 'This is my job,' " one said. "He went and did his job, and this is mine. That's a prevalent thought among the wives of wounded soldiers. I see it all the time."
Most veterans with post-traumatic stress are not violent, but the VA is focused on researching those who are. One thing that's clear is that abusing drugs and alcohol makes the problems worse. Taft has set up a pilot program to try to help prevent domestic violence.
One challenge, however, is that the VA is focused on veterans, not their wives. And veterans' groups don't talk much about domestic violence — and most domestic violence groups don't have expertise about veterans and post-traumatic stress.
So even with the commitments and the patriotism that some wives express about riding out rough times with their families, the silence and the lack of support can still break a marriage.
One of the women who talked with NPR eventually left her husband after an incident that she said forced her to have a new perspective about her family.
"He had shoved me down. I looked up and all three of my kids were standing there in tears," the woman told NPR. "I thought, 'If a man ever treats one of my girls like this, or my son ends up like this, I will never forgive myself.' "
Her husband wasn't changing his behavior, she realized — "so I have to be the one who does something. I picked up the phone and I called the police. That was the first time I ever called them."
Another woman interviewed for this story moved with her family to a different state, where her husband found better results with the local VA.
"He's come around," she said. "He's started to become more the man I met and fell in love with. There hasn't been any sort of physical altercation since 2014."
The third woman who talked with NPR left her husband briefly but decided to go back. The problems returned, too, though.
"I haven't regretted anything," she said. "Have there been really hard times since then? Yeah. Have I gotten the s*** kicked out of me since then? Yeah."
The woman helps her husband, a Marine combat vet, get to his VA appointments on time. He has cut down on his drinking and attended a Christian retreat for veterans. Even so, there's no telling when something will come along that can create a potential crisis, as when the GPS navigation device in the car won't work.
He hasn't hit her since last year, the woman said, when he smashed her face in the shower and choked her. It was over something the former Marine acknowledged was "something very stupid. A lot of these things, I can't remember what I was so pissed off about," he said.
The couple was asked whether they felt they'd made it out of the woods.
"No, not even close," the former Marine said.
"And we never will be," his wife said.
The woman acknowledged that people urge her to leave the relationship, but she told NPR that she is staying. She does not blame anyone else who leaves a situation like hers, she said, but she is staying with her husband.
"He is not his post-traumatic stress disorder," she said. "He is not his brain injury. These are things he has gotten from serving his country. And that is what we deal with."
Eliza Bordley looks out the window while waiting to vote at the Durham School of the Arts in Durham, N.C., on March 15. (Kaitlin Mckeown/The Herald-Sun via Associated Press)
Republicans belong to a more ideological party, but ideology has mattered less in the GOP primaries this year than in the race between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders.
Clinton is in a nearly unassailable position to win her party's nomination. But assuming she prevails, her primary fight with Sanders has underscored weaknesses she will have to deal with to win in November.
And Donald Trump's moves toward moderation on social issues last week reflect not only his campaign's understanding that he cannot win as a far-right candidate but also his need to tread carefully to maintain the crazy-quilt coalition he has built in the GOP primaries.
New York and Massachusetts Republicans are quite different from the ones found in Alabama, Arkansas and Tennessee. Trump carried all five states, bringing together some of the most extreme voters on the right end of his party with a large share of those who consider themselves moderate.
As the 2016 primaries reach their decisive moment, the results so far point to a scrambling of alliances inside both parties.
Republican presidential candidates Ted Cruz and John Kasich sent out near-simultaneous statements announcing a collaborative effort to block rival and front-runner Donald Trump in Indiana, Oregon and New Mexico's primaries. (Jenny Starrs/The Washington Post)
To earn her delegate lead, Clinton has built a significantly different coalition in 2016 than she did in 2008. The most important and obvious shift is among African Americans, who formed Barack Obama's base against her eight years ago and are now Clinton's most loyal supporters. They will loom large in Tuesday's primaries, particularly in Maryland and Pennsylvania.
Clinton ran well behind Obama among voters under 30. She's doing even worse among younger voters this year against Sanders.
She has done well among voters over 45, among those with a strong identification with the Democratic Party, and among the rough one-third of primary voters who do not identify themselves as liberal (a group that includes many nonwhites). In her New York victory, she carried moderate and conservative Democrats by 2 to 1. But even where she has lost, this group has come her way. In Michigan, for example, she carried the non-liberals 52 percent to 43 percent.
Sanders speaks of increasing participation in Democratic primaries, but turnout this year has not exceeded the admittedly exceptional 2008. He does, however, seem to have mobilized more progressive voters: A comparison of the exit polls with surveys of Democrats nationally suggests that the primary electorate this year is more liberal than is the party as a whole.
Overall, turnout patterns have been mixed. They were down in many of the earliest states, such as New Hampshire, and sharply down in some later states, including Alabama, Texas and Ohio. But 2008 and 2016 turnouts were roughly comparable in other states, including New York, Massachusetts and Wisconsin.
There is another factor in Sanders's strength that points to a Clinton problem this fall: Even where she has won, she has run poorly among white men. In New York, Sanders got 57 percent of their votes; in Michigan, which Sanders won, he got 62 percent. She has also regularly lost in rural areas.
White men as a whole would likely prefer any Republican over any Democrat this fall, but Clinton would have to find a way to cut her losses. Against Trump, at least, polls suggest she would so overwhelm him among women that she could triumph anyway. This would be less clear if she faced a different Republican.
Democratic presidential candidates Bernie Sanders appeared on three Sunday morning shows on April 24. Sanders said his support for Clinton's nomination is "totally dependent" on whether she takes on a more progressive agenda. (Monica Akhtar/The Washington Post)
An awareness of his need to improve his standing among women may have prompted Trump to insist last week — to the consternation of social conservatives — that the GOP's traditional platform plank against abortion include exceptions for rape, incest and protecting a mother's life. He also spoke out against North Carolina's anti-transgender law.
Trump's willingness to part with social conservatives (for now, at least) also reflects the ways in which his vote defies the old Republican patterns.
In primary after primary, he has split white evangelical voters with Ted Cruz. At the same time, Trump has performed as well among moderates as he has among conservatives. A partial exception is New York, where Trump ran best among self-described conservatives. But even there, the exit polls still showed him defeating John Kasich narrowly, 46 percent to 42 percent, among moderates.
The failure of both movement conservatives and established Republican politicians to stop Trump so far arises from their inability to imagine that someone could appeal simultaneously to moderates — they see Trump more as a manager and leader who could get things done — and to the party's most hardcore right-wingers on immigration and race, and also in the ferociousness of his opposition to Obama.
Trump's GOP foes have six weeks to topple him from his high wire.
Read more from E.J. Dionne's archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.
LARAMIE, Wyo. (AP) — The University of Wyoming is warning audiences about offensive material in a traveling musical after Native American high school students walked out of a performance of “The Fantasticks.”
The walkout happened Thursday during intermission, The Laramie Boomerang reported. It wasn't clear how many students attending the Native American Summer Institute at the campus in Laramie walked out of the show.
The 1960 musical, which is about two neighboring fathers who trick their children into falling in love by pretending to feud, contains a scene in which characters dress up as and villainize Native Americans. Attendees said they were also shocked at the casual use of the word “rape” in the musical's dialogue.
The walkout prompted criticism from UW's United Multicultural Council and a boycott by another summer camp. The Upward Bound group canceled plans to attend Saturday's performance the Department of Theater and Dance.
“The show especially demeans Native American cultures with outdated stereotypes of Native American appropriation by non-native actors wearing headdresses/warbonnets,” according to a statement by the United Multicultural Council. “It also portrays Native American and Latino/Hispanic characters as the villains or antagonists of the show.”
The university prepared a program insert for future performances explaining the scene.
“With historical productions, we see a ‘point in time,' which is different from the one in which we live,” the insert reads. “We see portrayals of characters that are painful to watch as 21st century audiences. The challenge then, in producing historical works, is to help audiences understand the context and/or story for the play without taking undue or illegal liberties with the script.”
The long-running musical, a staple of regional, community and high school theater, plays in four different Wyoming communities this week before closing next weekend in Laramie. The musical, which features the songs “Try To Remember” and “Soon It's Gonna Rain,” closed earlier this month in New York City, having played a total of 21,552 performances in the capital of American theater.
Tim Nichols, who helped set up the Native American Summer Institute, told The Boomerang that the content was unfortunate
“It's a 1960s play, but it was, in my view, inappropriate,” he said. “We shared our concerns with the theater department and we shared our concerns with the students and, you know, we're OK.”
___
Information from: Laramie Boomerang, http://www.laramieboomerang.com
Top ten lists are so 1996. Today we bring you the top 12 upcoming MMORPGs for 2013.
Update: I have an expanded edition of this list here which includes four more MMORPGs that are likely coming out this year (since these things are never delayed) that you should absolutely check out.
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times. It was an age of free-to-play games, it was an age of micro-transactions. It was the epoch of massively multiplayer online RPGs, it was the epoch of slowly fading single player RPGs. It was the season of sandbox MMOs, it was the season of same-old, same-old. We had everything before us, we had nothing before us, we were all going direct to Heaven, we were all going direct the other way- in short, the period was so far like the present period, that some of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received, for good or for evil, in the superlative degree of comparison only.
So it is with the current landscape of MMORPGs, a genre already so congested, so saturated with content, and built on a business model that demands all of our precious gaming time or bust, that it's hard to imagine adding more titles to the already burgeoning list.
Fear not, developers and publishers are not to be dissuaded by such paltry things as market saturation or consumer fatigue. Perhaps that's well and good. 2013 is a year filled with actually interesting looking MMOs, games that promise to deliver something new, that blessed salve, some innovation or other that will propel us into the next generation of the massively multiplayer online gaming experience.
Here are some of them, for your reading pleasure.
Phantasy Star Online 2 should be interesting. It will be available in 2013 on PC, iOS, Android, and the PlayStation Vita.
This is good news for the Vita in particular, which is a great little piece of hardware with far too few games. A free-to-play MMO can only help the little handheld.
The game is action-based, focusing on counter-attacks and real-time battles. I never played the original Phantasy Star Online, but the sequel certainly looks like something I'll download on to one of those very expensive proprietary memory chips the Vita uses.
Developer/Publisher: SEGA
WildStar looks a lot like the love child of World of Warcraft and Borderlands 2. And it has "Star" in the title. That's two games in a row with "star" in the title.
But I digress. The game is a humorous, colorful planet exploration MMO bringing a much-needed dose of science fiction to the fantasy-saturated genre.
Part Western, part sandbox, the game looks like it might bring some neat and much-needed twists to the tired old MMO combat routine.
Developer: Carbine
Publisher: NCsoft
City of Steam is an action-RPG with MMO elements. The steampunk setting separates it from most other MMOs on the market. Even MMOs with some steampunk elements tend to keep those features on the fringe.
The game just left Closed Beta, so an Open Beta should be just around the corner for players to play---in their browsers thanks to the Unity Web Player.
The browser-based game category is getting bigger and bigger, and City of Steam joins already popular MMOs like Drakensang Online sometime in 2013.
They're also trying to get the game Greenlit so it can appear, oh-so-fittingly, on Steam.
Developer/Publisher: Mechanist Games
It's been in closed beta for centuries, but the free-to-play action-RPG Path of Exile is now in open beta, and will soon be released to the public in post-beta form (not sure what we're supposed to call it then.)
The dark, gritty action-RPG isn't really an MMO, but it is online, and you can find massive amounts of other players to quest with. For solitudinous hermits like your humble narrator, outside of town you can adventure solo to your heart's content.
The Third Act was released alongside the open beta, and I haven't played my way to it just yet (my characters were all wiped, as were everyone else's, and I haven't found time to get all leveled up again) but the new Act adds 50% more content to what was already a pretty decent-sized game. Developer Grinding Gear Games plans to continue to release new Acts and content regularly, while funding the game through "ethical" micro-transactions that are, so far as I can tell, almost entirely aesthetic.
Developer/Publisher: Grinding Gear Games
Publisher Bigpoint is no stranger to browser-based MMOs, so I'm hoping the final product for Game of Thrones: Seven Kingdoms is as fun as it sounds.
The sandbox MMO is yet another sandbox style game, pitting three factions (the Baratheons, the Starks, and the Lanisters) against one another. You play as a regular warrior from a minor House and can pledge fealty to one of the major Houses, betray them whenever you like, and engage in massive castle sieges.
It sounds like it could be the very first Game of Thrones video game that might, in some small way, live up to the books. The game will feature some material from and consistency with the HBO show, though how that actually factors into gameplay remains to be seen.
Developer/Publisher: Bigpoint
ArcheAge is one of the coolest sounding MMOs I've read about. Not only is there full-fledged naval combat, there are also hang-gliders. You can race people on your hang-glider. And yeah, they had me at hang-glider. Or maybe at naval combat. Either way, I'm sold (at least in theory.)
The game is a great big sandbox MMO where you can build your own house, work with trade routes, and engage in PvP.
Whenever I start getting actually excited about an MMO I realize that I need to check my expectations, but ArcheAge is certainly doing a good job at making me want to play it.
Developer: XLGames
Publisher: Trion Worlds
Bless reminds me a lot of Guild Wars 2. It's built using the Unreal Engine 3, and it looks gorgeous. It's also supposed to be very story-driven, with a storyline for each of the ten races designed to be emotionally charged.
Whenever I see MMO screenshots that look as good as these, I always check my optimism. Guild Wars 2 looks really good, but the screenshots made it look better (a trick the original Guild Wars was also guilty of.)
After all, bandwidth is an issue when you're playing online, and an MMO can only deliver so much graphical goodness before the pipes get too clogged. But man, that elephant looks amazing doesn't it?
Developer/Publisher: Neowiz Games
I'm not sure you can capture the old Wizardry games in an MMO. Without some severe limits, it's hard to capture any single-player experience in an MMO. Still, I loved the description of this intense-sounding MMO so much I downloaded it immediately.
"Wizardry Online is the most hardcore fantasy MMO ever created," reads the game description. "The difficulty level is insane. The dungeons are brutal. There is no auto-healing. You will earn your levels. Your crimes taint your soul. Your allies could betray you at any moment. And when you die, you die forever."
Permadeath in any game is hardcore, but in an MMO? That takes moxie. Kudos to Sony for taking chances.
I'll report back after I've played the game, which launched on January 30th, one of the few games in this list already available to the public.
Developer: Gamepot
Publisher: Sony Online Entertainment
[Update: I have now played Wizardry Online and it is nothing like what I thought it would be. It is, to be quite plain, a very bad game. Indeed, it's a surprisingly bad game. So strike it from your list. And if you've played it, be glad it was F2P.]
No classes, no levels, and no European medieval setting. In Age of Wushu, you play as a martial artist inside (yet another) sandbox world, though this time it's a beautiful East Asian setting.
The game is billed less than a grind-and-level game and more of a celebration of art and music and, yeah, intricate martial arts combat. You pick a martial arts style and then hone your craft. But you also pick a profession, and live as part of the world.
I like the idea of doing away with levels. I think RPGs in general crutch on the leveling system way too much. Go back to the early days of Dungeons & Dragons, and you'll learn rather quickly how unimportant levels used to be.
Emergent gameplay aside, the game does appear to have a reprehensibly awful cash shop and F2P revenue model that probably won't survive a Western audience.
Developer/Publisher: Snail Games
Speaking of Dungeons & Dragons, though not of Original D&D, Neverwinter may not be the prettiest new MMORPG but it's gotten solid feedback from people like Forbes's Daniel Tack so far.
I'm more interested in the Foundry DIY world-building system, which allows players to create content that is then curated and added back into the Neverwinter universe, than I am in the game.
But even the game, so far, looks to be shaping up into a solid, even slightly old-school, action-RPG.
Developer: Cryptic Studios
Publisher: Perfect World
I'm not actually sure whether this is going to come out in 2013 (and honestly, with the nightmarish development involved in putting together an MMO, maybe none of these will come out in 2013 except the ones that, you know, already have) but it looks really cool.
A big, sandbox world, totally seamless, with sort of absurdly beautiful people apparently modeled after Skyrim mods, Black Desert has been one of the least-marketed games I've ever seen and has still managed to put together one of the most exciting MMO trailers I've ever seen---which you should go watch over here. Even if some of the elves look suspiciously like Orlando Bloom.
Developer: Pearl Abyss
Publisher (Korea): Daum Communications
Finally, we come to the most controversial entry in our long, long list: The Elder Scrolls Online.
Many people worry that this could spell the doom of the single-player Elder Scrolls game. To that, I say pfaw! Bethesda's Elder Scrolls games sell far, far too many copies and expansions to die at the hands of a maybe-successful MMORPG.
Besides, TESO (for short) looks really good. Combat is overhauled, for one thing, and I'm not that big of a fan of the combat in games like Oblivion and Skyrim, so who knows? Maybe we'll see an evolutionary step that will actually translate to better single-player games from the franchise.
Just as importantly, TESO is huge, spanning all the Elder Scrolls realms. I'm not going to be stuck in gray, dreary Skyrim, or boring, generic Cyrodiil. I can go to Morrowind and beyond.
Just like with the rest of these games, there's no telling if it will be any good, or if it's good if it will capture a big enough audience to compete against the princes of the market, but I'm hoping TESO succeeds.
Developer: Zenimax Online Studios
Publisher: Bethesda Softworks
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
After writing this post I'm left somewhat mentally exhausted, a tiny bit hungry, and wondering what I missed. This barely even scratches the surface of the upcoming MMO scene. I probably left out more than I included.
In fact, if you're that commenter who just glances over the list to see if I left out Your Game and then, when you discover that I did---oh nefarious video game journalist of death!---you hop on here and yell at me for not listing Your Game, well I just want to say that I anticipated you. I saw you coming. And I laid a trap. (Okay, not really, but that would have been almost as cool as having the Super Power to reach through your monitor and slap that guy who is wrong on the internet....)
But seriously, if I did miss something that looks neat, innovative, fun, or just plain weird, speak up in the comment section. I know it's bad journalism-with-a-capital-J for me to ask you for your input, but I'm going to risk it. Because I'm brave like that.
Follow me on Twitter or Facebook. Read my Forbes blog here.
Adolf Hitler had a bizarre sexual fetish …. and it is truly disgusting
ADOLF Hitler had a disgusting sexual fetish, according to a top secret spy
report.
The Nazi leader bedroom habits included a love of “poo sex”, claims a dossier
from a US Office of Strategic Services.
The intelligence document says he liked women to stand over him and defecate
because he was turned on by poo.
It also revealed the Fuhrer had a “micro penis” and – as the famous song
suggests – only one testicle.
It also revealed he liked to be brutally kicked by women as part of his sex
games.
The report, by Dr Walter C Langer, was commissioned in the Second World War
because spy bosses wanted to know what made the evil leader tick.
He produced A Psychological Analysis of Adolph Hitler His Life and Legend,
which documents his hideous sex preferences.
READ MORE
Hot
women want: Sorry chaps, our secret sex fantasy survey reveals she's
thinking of someone a little bit bedder
Unfortunate
man appeals for help with this very rude table stain
These
are the ages when Brits are happiest, healthiest and sexiest… and there's
bad news if you're over 32
Dr Langer concluded Hitler was not capable of normal sex and that he was a
coprophiliac – someone who gets turned on by poo.
The doctor wrote: “The practice of this perversion represents the lowest
depths of degradation.”
According to the document, unveiled by the Daily Star, he would lie down to
allow the woman to perform the act on him.
He was even alleged to have indulged in the disgusting act with his niece Geli
Raubal.
She was thought to have told Hitler's Nazi supporter Otto Strasser about the
act and he later fled the regime.
Fellow Nazi Ernst Rhoem also revealed the bizarre fetish during an evening
out, and US spies picked up the information.
Rhoem also revealed Hitler loved “peasant girls”.
He said: “When they stand in the fields and bend down at their work so
that you can see their behinds, that's what he likes, especially when
they've got big round ones.
“That's Hitler's sex life what a man.”
German film star Renate Müller, was reportedly forced to kick Hitler as he lay
on the floor, during a night of sex.
She later committed suicide.
Bruce S. Miller M.D., M.S. guests on “5 questions with CJSM”
November 25, 2013 by sportingjim
Thanksgiving Day is near and, on a personal note, my twin children celebrate their tenth birthday this week. But here in Columbus, all celebrations fade in the face of “Hate Week.”
No it's not something out of Orwell's 1984. It's what my fellow citizens of this fair city call this week when their beloved Ohio State Buckeyes (OSU) play their northern rivals, the Michigan Wolverines (U of M), in their annual college football game. It's one of the oldest rivalries in the sport.
Having grown up in Grand Rapids, Michigan, with family members and multiple friends all attending the University of Michigan, I'm something of a Judas here in Columbus. My paycheck comes from OSU and I even received my MPH from the school, but in the words of the Beatles, those things “Can't Buy Me Love.” My sporting allegiances will stay maize and blue regardless of the fact that I will surround by a sea of scarlet and grey (and hatred) this week.
I thought it high time then to track down one of my dearest friends and have him answer ‘5 questions with CJSM.' I need help from a fellow supporter of the Wolverines.
Dr. Bruce Miller is an Associate Professor in the Department of Orthopaedics at the University of Michigan, and is a Team Physician for the U of M football team as well as USA Rugby. He publishes regularly, with a particular focus on rotator cuff pathology. His accomplishments are legion (including being an All-American in rugby when he was in college), but I know him best as the man with whom I studied helminths back in medical school. From worms to one of the premier positions in sports medicine, my how far he has come.
Here is what he had to say in answer to the questions we posed him:
_________________________
1) CJSM: You are a busy orthopaedic surgeon and team physician, how did you get involved in clinical research?
At the beginning of my academic career, I was doing more basic science research, primarily focusing on articular cartilage and some biomechanical interests. However, I soon learned that the world of basic science can be quite “competitive”, especially in terms of securing funding. I recognized that as a busy clinician, I was at a competitive disadvantage in competing with full-time scientists. In addition, I enjoyed following my patients functional outcomes after surgery. I eventually came to the realization that I could be more successful in pursuing clinical research in the sense that my established clinical practice could serve as my “laboratory” . . . I simply needed to acquire some new research skills. I was fortunate that the University of Michigan School of Public Health offered a Masters program for clinicians, which allowed me to gain a new skill set while allowing me to continue with my clinical practice. I attended classes four days every month for roughly 18 months, and ultimately earned a Masters Degree in Clinical Research Design and Statistical Analysis. Through this program I gained a valuable skill set that allowed me to launch a successful clinical research program.
2) CJSM: We understand your research is focused on clinical outcomes in sports medicine surgery. Can you briefly describe the specifics or what you are looking into (maybe talk about the registry you've developed here, any specific clinical outcome measures you use, etc.)
The primary focus of my research program is in rotator cuff disease. As common as rotator cuff tears are (most people will have one in their lifetime), there is surprisingly very little high-quality evidence to guide the clinician in the management of this disorder. I am following a large cohort of patients with known rotator cuff tears in a “pragmatic” clinical trial in order to help determine treatment allocation (indications for operative versus non-operative management) and functional outcome after treatment. We use a number of patient-reported outcome measures, but I favor the Western Ontario Rotator Cuff Index as my primary outcome measure for most research questions regarding functional outcome.
3) CJSM: You are a team physician for the U of M football team. You have to compose a 140 character tweet on Twitter to share your experience of being the team doc for U of M. What does it say?
Dr. Miller: It is a great privilege to be a part of this storied football program and to work with a world-class team of ATCs in providing care for this group of elite athletes – GO BLUE!
(CJSM: Um, Dr. Miller, you're 35 characters long on that one. How about, “GO BLUE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!” ?)
4) CJSM: We've heard you speak at conferences about the differences between outcomes that are ‘statistically significant' and those that are ‘clinically significant' What measures do you use in your research to distinguish between those concepts?
Dr. Miller: Great question! One of my pet peeves in reading our literature is the blind assumption that if something is statistically significant it must be true and/or important. Not true! I think it is important that we all get more familiar with evidence-based medicine and the concept of the “minimal clinically important difference” or MCID. In short, the MCID is the smallest difference or change in health status that a patient would consider meaningful. A study could report a statistically significant difference after an intervention, but if that difference is so small that it is clinically meaningless to a patient, then we should think twice about adopting the intervention. Many of our validated outcome scores now have established MCIDs –authors should be held accountable for reporting both the clinical and the statistical relevance of their work.
5) CJSM: You are a team physician for USA rugby as well as U of M football. What do you find to be the chief differences in those two roles?
Dr. Miller: Let's start with the similarities. In both roles, I have the opportunity to work together with skilled and experienced ATCs and PTs to help manage the medical needs of a group of elite athletes. As Team Physician for USA Rugby, the venue for competition is often international. As much as I enjoy international travel, providing medical care in a foreign country certainly poses a unique set of challenges, including language barriers and occasionally different styles of medical management. I am working together with a PT and ATC, but as the only physician I wear many medical “hats” – in addition to musculoskeletal injuries, I am expected to manage all medical issues that might arise, including, coughs, colds, skin conditions, concussions, etc. Providing medical coverage at an international rugby match is a thrill. Unlike American football, the play often continues in the face of an injury, so I have free range to enter the field and evaluate and manage injuries during live play. In a recent competition, I wore my GPS watch and logged in nearly 2 miles during a single match! In addition, I am in direct radio communication with the coaching staff as we need to make quick decisions and clear communications regarding an injured player's disposition.
My role as Head Orthopaedic Team Physician for University of Michigan Football is quite different. The player roster is significantly larger than rugby, as is the medical staff – in addition to a veteran ATC staff, we also have an internal medicine physician and even a neurologist on board. In this role, I focus exclusively on the diagnosis and management of musculoskeletal injuries. The patterns of injuries between the two sports are roughly similar, which facilitates my ability to make the quick “game time” decisions that are necessary in this role. Supporting University of Michigan football is a year-round job, as the athletes have significant commitments to training before, during, and after the season. This allows for greater “continuity of care” of our athletes. A unique aspect of this role is the opportunity to observe an injury as it occurs, evaluate the injury in the acute setting, and then provide definitive (often surgical) care. It is a remarkably rewarding professional experience to have the opportunity to perform a surgical procedure and then guide an elite athlete through rehabilitation and ultimately back to competition.
______________
Thanks Bruce, you covered a lot in 5 questions! Good luck at ‘The Game,' and to everyone in the blog world, Happy Thanksgiving!
A ban on shark finning in UK waters is to be introduced by the government, ministers will announce this week. The practice, which involves slicing fins from sharks at sea and dumping their bodies overboard – often while still alive – has been heavily criticised by campaigners and blamed for pushing many shark species to the brink of extinction.
Shark finning was banned by the EU in 2003 but loopholes in the legislation have allowed fishing boats in UK waters to continue finning. It is estimated that hundreds of tonnes of shark fin have been landed since the European "ban" was introduced.
The government has decided to close this loophole, following the passing of an early day motion in the House of Commons. MPs demanded that "on no occasion should the UK government approve any derogation from the shark finning legislation in order to allow UK-registered vessels to remove shark fins at sea". The government has agreed to follow the example set by MPs, a decision that will be warmly received by wildlife groups, who have long campaigned for the UK to introduce a ban on finning.
Shark fins are used as an Asian delicacy – mainly as the key ingredient in shark fin soup – and sell for more than £200 per kilo. And it is this high price that has led to the spread of shark finning. Instead of taking the entire body of a shark back to port, fisherman hack off the animal's most lucrative parts, its fins, and then throw the rest of it away. The sharks can no longer swim and either starve to death or are eaten alive by other fish. Species targeted this way in UK waters include the shortfin mako, blue, smooth hammerheads and thresher sharks, as well as species such as Portuguese dogfish and gulper sharks.
Finning these species is officially banned by the EU. However, a derogation scheme allows member states to grant special permits that allow their fishing vessels to remove shark fins at sea provided the quantity of fins on board is kept below 5% of the weight of shark bodies. Many scientists say this figure is too high and allows fishermen to land two or even three fins for every shark carcass they land. Hundreds of tonnes of shark fin have been landed by the UK fleet under these permits since the EU shark finning regulation was adopted. But now UK fisheries ministers have decided to halt the issuing of these permits, a move that will ensure the UK fishing fleet complies with the original intent of the EU finning ban – that sharks are landed with their fins naturally attached. As Sonja Fordham, policy director of the Shark Alliance, recently told the BBC: "Requiring that sharks be landed with their fins attached is by far the most reliable means of enforcing a ban on shark finning."
The move should also ensure that fishermen catch far fewer sharks in UK waters and will be seen by campaigners as a significant step to help prevent many shark species being driven to extinction.
"Right now, the oceans are being emptied of sharks, and the scale of the problem is global," Dr Julia Baum, of the Scripps Institution of Oceanography in California, told the American Association for the Advancement of Science conference earlier this year. "If we continue, we are looking at a really high risk of extinction for some of these species within the next few decades."
With Britain agreeing to the ban on shark finning, attention will focus on Spain and Portugal, who are now considered the main shark finning nations in Europe and the primary obstacles to an effective EU finning ban. As part of this campaign, UK ministers are to write to Joe Borg, the European commissioner for fisheries and maritime affairs, to request an urgent review of shark finning regulation throughout the EU.
French parliamentarians have passed a law banning fossil fuel extraction. President Macron says he wants France to lead the world with switch to renewables
France bans fracking and oil extraction in all of its territories
France's parliament has passed into law a ban on producing oil and gas by 2040, a largely symbolic gesture as the country is 99% dependent on hydrocarbon imports.
In Tuesday's vote by show of hands, only the rightwing Republicans party opposed, while leftwing lawmakers abstained.
No new permits will be granted to extract fossil fuels and no existing licences will be renewed beyond 2040, when all production in mainland France and its overseas territories will stop.
Socialist lawmaker Delphine Batho said she hoped the ban would be “contagious”, inspiring bigger producers to follow suit.
France extracts the equivalent of about 815,000 tonnes of oil per year – an amount produced in a few hours by Saudi Arabia.
But centrist president Emmanuel Macron has said he wants France to take the lead as a major world economy switching away from fossil fuels – and the nuclear industry – into renewable sources.
His government plans to stop the sale of diesel and petrol engine cars by 2040 as well.
Above all the ban will affect companies prospecting for oil in the French territory of Guyana in South America, while also banning the extraction of shale gas by any means – its extraction by fracking was banned in 2011.
Persona 5, Unannounced Titles, And More From Popular Series In 2016 Says Atlus CEO
By Sato . January 12, 2016 . 6:00am
Atlus CEO Naoto Hiraoka shared some information in an interview in this week's issue of Famitsu magazine on plans his company has for this year. [Thanks, Hachima.]
“In 2015, we were able to develop existing IP on the side, such as Persona 4 Dancing and Etrian Mystery Dungeon,” said Hiraoka. “As for 2016 we'll start out with Odin Sphere, then plan to release numerous titles.”
“This summer will have the long-awaited Persona 5,” he continued. “And of course, there are several unannounced titles, and it will surely be a year of gathering for Atlus' popular series. While the release period is still undecided, I also hope you look forward to 13 Sentinels: Aegis Rim by VanillaWare.”
[Illustration by Ilya Kuvshinov.]
WAVE is going to release the Treasure Figure Collection Beach Queens Premium Katyusha ( カチューシャ ) 1/10 Polystone figure from the anime “Girls und Panzer” ( ガールズ&パンツァー ). Will be released in May 2015. Around 160mm tall, 9,500 yen. Be-J store exclusive.
Beach Queens Premium Katyusha, Nonna, Kay (left to right)
Here come Beach Queens Premium Katyusha, Nonna, and Kay!! Just like all of the other BQP figures, they're Be-J store exclusive. So for those of you who want to get them, you can pre-order Katyusha HERE and Nonna HERE with your proxy service before January 13, 2015; and Kay HERE with your proxy service before January 20, 2015.
I know all of us hate to pay extra $$$ for using proxy service. Here comes good news! WAVE is going to open a “Wave Overseas Direct” store for us who live outside of Japan!! =D
**Beach Queen Premium Nonna sold separately**
Hi guys, I'm Yueshen.
Chinese players and their decks are kind of unknown to the world, but there are still some good players and interesting decks. You may be heard about the Chinese Priest that Savjz used, and also you may know the Freeze Aggro Mage made by Tiddler that Gosugamers posted before. I will share some interesting decks in CN servers in future. Hope you can get what you what.
The Chinese player called (life is a trip)#5671 used this Mage deck easy climb to Legend #62 in CN Server.
We can see there are a lot of spells to work with Flamewaker.
This Aggro Mage is strange with its playing style. As the Aggro Mage you should clear your opponent's board and go face at the same time. You also can find some Tempo Mage's cards such as Unstable Portal and Mad Scientist-Secret combo in this deck to help you to get advantage early.
Ice Blockcan help you to survive one more turn then you may, can draw enough damage to win the game.
I will not say a lot about how to play it, in my perpective it must be better for people to understand after trying it.
Thanks to everyone who took the time to read this. I plan to continue sharing Chinese Decks in future.
Edit: 4/29/2015
"Life is a trip"#5671 changed a little bit and used this hit Legend #7 in CN Server.
Matchup:
Favorite matchup:
Oil Rogue: You have a lot of damage, just think yourself is a Face Mage. Easy win for this. (2-0 100% winrate against Rogue.)
Midrange Druid: You are faster than Druid. If you can play Flamewaker or Antonidas with your cheap spells, you have a huge chance of winning.( 9-2 78% winrate against Druid)
Midrange Hunter/Face Hunter: You can clear Hunter's board and deal damage at same time. 100%winrate against Face Hunter, and Midrange Hunter is much less than Face Hunter in China. (13-3 81%winrate against Hunter.)
Handlock: Easy win. (11-4 73% winrate against Warlock)
Priest: Priest is kind of passive. If you can deal some damage with your minion, it will be easy for you to win the game against Priest. (3-0 100% winrate against Priest)
Normal matchup:
Grim Patron Warrior, Paladin, Freeze Mage
Not good matchup:
Control Warrior: Too much armor, and it is easy for warrior to clear your board. If Control Wrrior doesn't Draw good, you still have chance to win. (9-6 60% winrate against warrior)
Zoo: Too many minions, some times you will worry about to use spells clear the board or go face.
Mech Mage: Same reason as Zoolock.
Go face as much as you can usually. Try to deal damage with your minions at the early game.
Hope you guys can have fun with this made-in-china deck. haha
Thanks for taking time to read this!
NY State Employee Demands Death For Trump Supporters, And His Bosses Seem Cool With That The Conservative Tribune reports that, New York State Employee Demands Death For Trump Supporters, Still Employed. "To all my friends that live in red voting states," the screed began. "You have 2 months to move. After that, if you don't do not consider us friends. I want you dead. I want your families dead. I want your wives, husbands children and grandchildren dead. Not just dead but horrible painful deaths." Let's give this maniac credit, he was not a typical mealy-mouthed, latte-drinking wimp. He said what he was thinking. Let's give this maniac credit, he was not a typical mealy-mouthed, latte-drinking wimp. He said what he was thinking. Oh, he works for the New York State Office for People with Developmental Disabilities. That makes me feel wonderful about the care these folks are getting. Oh, he works for the New York State Office for People with Developmental Disabilities. That makes me feel wonderful about the care these folks are getting. Posted by: CBD at 06:59 PM
MuNuvians MeeNuvians Polls! Polls! Polls! Frequently Asked Questions The (Almost) Complete Paul Anka Integrity Kick Top Top Tens The Greatest Hitjobs News/Chat
Teenager invents £23 solar panel that could be solution to developing world's energy needs ... made from human hair
A new type of solar panel using human hair could provide the world with cheap, green electricity, believes its teenage inventor.
Milan Karki, 18, who comes from a village in rural Nepal, believes he has found the solution to the developing world's energy needs.
The young inventor says hair is easy to use as a conductor in solar panels and could revolutionise renewable energy.
Hair-raising: Science student Milan Karki with his innovative solar panel made with human hair while a friend holds a light bulb above his head
'First I wanted to provide electricity for my home, then my village. Now I am thinking for the whole world,' said Milan, who attends school in the capital, Kathmandu.
The hair replaces silicon, a pricey component typically used in solar panels, and means the panels can be produced at a low cost for those with no access to power, he explained.
In Nepal, one of the poorest countries in the world, many rural areas lack access to electricity and even in areas connected to power lines, users face shortages of up to 16 hours a day.
Milan and four classmates initially made the solar panel as an experiment but the teens are convinced it has wide applicability and commercial viability.
Close shave: Milan (second from right) demonstrates his solar panel in a tiny barber shop in Kathmandu
'I'm trying to produce commercially and distribute to the districts. We've already sent a couple out to the districts to test for feasibility,' he said.
The solar panel, which produces 9 V (18 W) of energy, costs around £23 to make from raw materials.
But if they were mass-produced, Milan says they could be sold for less than half that price, which could make them a quarter of the price of those already on the market.
Melanin, a pigment that gives hair its colour, is light sensitive and also acts as a type of conductor. Because hair is far cheaper than silicon the appliance is less costly.
Hair today: A detailed shot shows the human hair used as an alternative to silicon
The solar panel can charge a mobile phone or a pack of batteries capable of providing light all evening.
Milan began his quest to create electricity when he was a boy living in Khotang, a remote district of Nepal completely unconnected to electricity. According to him, villagers were skeptical of his invention at first.
'They believe in superstitions, they don't believe in science. But now they believe,' he said.
Cost effective: The solar-hair panel is estimated to be four times cheaper than an industrial made solar panel of comparable capacity
He first tried to use water currents hydro power on a small scale, but said the experiment became too expensive.
'I searched for new, other renewable, affordable sources. People in these places are living the life of the stone age even in the 21st century,' he said.
Milan, whose hero is the inventor Thomas Eddison, describes himself as lucky because his family could afford for him to receive a proper education while many other villagers are forced to work from an early age. Most of those from his village are illiterate.
He was originally inspired after reading a book by physicist Stephen Hawking, which discussed ways of creating static energy from hair.
It's got the power: A digital multimeter shows the voltage generated by the innovative panel
'I realised that Melanin was one of the factors in conversion of energy,' he said.
Half a kilo of hair can be bought for only 16p in Nepal and lasts a few months, whereas a pack of batteries would cost 50p and last a few nights.
People can replace the hair easily themselves, says Milan, meaning his solar panels need little servicing.
Three years after first coming up with the idea, Milan says the idea is more important than ever because of the crucial need for renewable energies in the face of finite power sources and global warming.
'Slowly, natural resources are degrading so it is necessary to think about the future," he said.
'One day we will be in a great crisis regarding this fuel so it is a good thing to do today.
'This is an easy solution for the crisis we are having today. We have begun the long walk to save the planet.'
Media playback is not supported on this device MotoGP legend Valentino Rossi looks forward to joining Yamaha next season
Australian MotoGP
Venue: Phillip Island, Victoria, Australia Saturday 27 October: Qualifying: 03:55 BST - 07:05 BST, Red Button Sunday 28 October: Moto2 & 3 races online and on Red Button 01:55 - 04:05 GMT; MotoGP race on BBC 2 04:30 - 06:00 GMT and online. Repeated on BBC 2 12:45 - 14:00.
Valentino Rossi has called MotoGP "boring" and said that the sport has to change.
Jorge Lorenzo and fellow Spaniard Dani Pedrosa have dominated this year's championship, winning 12 out of the 16 races so far between them.
"Now is the worst moment in MotoGP since I joined in 2000," Rossi told BBC Sport.
Analysis "I expect Rossi to be back on the podium regularly and in the hunt to win races again which, with Casey Stoner leaving the sport at the end of the season, will be much needed." Read more from Steve Parrish here
"It is the most boring moment. Races are quite bad and it is very difficult to stay awake."
Defending champion Casey Stoner - - is the only other man to win this season and seven-time MotoGP champion Rossi believes the sport needs to change.
He said: "You look at Moto3, the races are very exciting, Moto2 is fantastic and then MotoGP is boring. So they have to change the product."
Rossi, 33, believes he can return to winning ways next season as he prepares to return to Yamaha. He won four world championships with Yamaha before leaving for Ducati at the end of 2010, but has not won in the last 37 races.
He told BBC Sport: "This is not the time in my career to be struggling every weekend like this.
"It will be difficult but I think that I have the potential to win some races next year."
Valentino Rossi's MotoGP record 2000 : 209 points, Honda, 2nd in championship
: 209 points, Honda, 2nd in championship 2001 : 325, Honda, 1st
: 325, Honda, 1st 2002 : 355, Honda, 1st
: 355, Honda, 1st 2003 : 357, Honda, 1st
: 357, Honda, 1st 2004 : 304, Yamaha, 1st
: 304, Yamaha, 1st 2005 : 367, Yamaha. 1st
: 367, Yamaha. 1st 2006 : 247, Yamaha, 2nd
: 247, Yamaha, 2nd 2007 : 241, Yamaha, 3rd
: 241, Yamaha, 3rd 2008: 373, Yamaha, 1st
373, Yamaha, 1st 2009 : 306, Yamaha, 1st
: 306, Yamaha, 1st 2010 : 233, Yamaha, 3rd
: 233, Yamaha, 3rd 2011 : 139, Ducati, 7th
: 139, Ducati, 7th 2012: 148, Ducati, 6th (current)
Rossi last won a grand prix in Malaysia in 2010, and has managed just three podium finishes in his two seasons on a Ducati.
to return to Yamaha earlier this year but admits he regrets not being able to be competitive for Ducati.
He said: "It is a great pity for me at Ducati.
"It was a dream, it was a great and important bet to try and win for Ducati but unfortunately we have no way. It has been two very difficult seasons.
"We try lots of things but we were never able to fix the problems. We had some good races and a few good results but not what everyone expects. We lose the bet."
Rossi will be in the unusual situation of being the second rider in his Yamaha team next season, as he partners Lorenzo again.
Lorenzo is on course to win his second championship this season and will be the team's number one rider, but Rossi is determined to be at the front again.
He said: "I am at a certain age and I don't know how many years I will continue in MotoGP, so I have to race with the best bike that I can.
"Fortunately during my career I have won more or less everything so I need to enjoy it to have the right motivation. I need to arrive at the circuit every weekend with the chance to fight for the victory. It will be difficult but that is why I change teams."
With only months to live, just sharing Oscar's story may help his family and spread awareness: http://t.co/8GWzeVVDyI #oscarug #49ers — 49erswebzone (@49erswebzone) April 7, 2015
What would you want if you had just months to live? Oscar Garcia, who goes by the handle oscarug in our forums, has been a member of this site since July of 2005. He is now facing that very question after his long battle with Sarcoma Cancer, a rare form of cancer that impacts about 10,000 people a year, appears to be nearing an unfortunate end.Oscar has been fighting this cancer since 2011 with multiple major surgeries and numerous aggressive treatments. He has now started hospice, which is end of life care. Doctors at UCSF, Kaiser, and UCLA are out of options and believe that he has one or two months to live.Oscar, who is only 33 years old, is now looking to help his family with the financial burden of what lies down the road. He is hoping to raise money to help with funeral costs and has started aHe also hopes that his story will help spread more awareness of this cancer and help raise money for research against it. This type of cancer is so rare that, according to Oscar, almost no research is being done to combat it.Traditional surgeries to remove tumors have only resulted in the growth of more. The cancer has grown resistant to other treatments and radiation was not an option because of where the tumors are located."Got a bucket list going on now and going to live each day like it's my last," said Oscar while informing his fellow 49ers fans within our forums. "I've seen the power of the Webzone do some special things," he added.We are asking that you spread the word to help a 49ers fan in need. If you can give, great. If not, please share his story. At the very least, it may help bring some more awareness to the rare form of cancer that is destroying his body.Our prayers and thoughts go out to Oscar and his family during this very tough time.As of this writing, Oscar has raised $1,810 of his $15,000 goal. 21 people have donated since he started the campaign 10 days ago.Oscar has a wife named Heather and two young children named Bradley and Morgan.In an effort to help him reach his goal, we will be keeping an eye on this page and try to estimate and donate any revenue made from this story to Oscar's cause.
What do you do if you and your partner were both Christian when you got married… but you no longer believe in God?
It's a really difficult situation. Not just because it's unforeseen, but because you're no longer the same person your partner married when it comes to a really important issue. You can't blame your partner for being upset about it; if you were both atheists and your partner suddenly became a born again Christian, you might not know how to handle it either. And if young children are involved, it's even more complicated.
Seth Andrews recently met an atheist in that very situation — he and his wife were both Christians when they got married — so he “wrote a letter” to the Christian spouse:
Seth, who became an atheist later in life, makes the case that the husband wasn't trying to ruin their relationship by becoming an atheist.
I didn't decide to have doubts. I simply decided not to ignore the doubts that were already there. I didn't decide that the Bible was problematic. I simply was honest with myself when I finally read the Bible objectively. I wasn't angry at God. I was angry and frustrated that I was being blamed for the crime of simply asking hard questions and not being satisfied with the catch-all answer of “just take it on faith.” … If we wanna live truthful lives, what do we do at this point? Do we lie to our life partners, to our loved ones, and tell them what they want to hear? If you felt strongly about something, how would you feel if your family and culture threatened to cut you off for just being honest about it? Is it fair to expect your husband to constantly silence his own voice while everybody else in the room gets to speak as loudly as they want?
Seth eventually asks the wife point-blank: “Do you love your husband because he believes in God or do you love your husband because of who he is as a person?”
There's so much from this video I could quote, but it's all really good. Watch it.
(Thanks to Melissa for the link)
There is no avenue left for advocacy, grievances or redress in a system dominated by global corporations.
In the original version of feudalism, peasants armed with pitchforks knew where to go for redress or regime change: the feudal lord's castle on the hill. Though you won't find this in conventional narratives of the Middle Ages, peasant revolts were a common occurrence; serfs weren't always delighted to toil for their noble masters.
In the present era of corporate dominance, where can serfs go to demand redress and financial freedom from the neofeudal system? Nowhere.The global corporations that own the land and the productive assets have no castle that can be stormed; they exist in an abstract financial world of stock shares, buybacks, bonds, lobbyists and political influence.
When the agribusiness corporation fouls the local water supply with animal waste, where do the local peasantry go to demand restoration of their water quality? The corporation? What if the headquarters are thousands of miles away?
What impact will 100 serfs gathered outside the modern-day castle have on water quality in a distant land? Zero, because the corporation has rendered it illegal (via lobbying the local political flunkies desperate for "jobs" and campaign contributions) to even take photos of their vast animal-waste output or their inadequate disposal.
Where do oppressed serfs go to advocate for transparency in America's private Gulag prison system? If you go to the prison to protest, you'll be arrested and will soon be looking at the world from inside the privately operated gulag.
Once again--where is the castle on the hill? It's not there. The corporate operators of the private Gulag are far away, and security will disperse any troublesome serfs who travel hundreds of miles to air grievances.
Documenting abuses in the privately owned and operated Gulag is illegal.Corporate lobbying and campaign contributions have ensured that any attempt to document neofeudal exploitation by corporations is illegal.
And of course if documentation is impossible to obtain, then the exploitation doesn't exist. The mainstream media's default setting is to dismiss first-hand accounts as "he said, she said": the imprisoned serf says this, and the private prison spokesperson says that, and without any proof that can stand up in court, the grievance vanishes into thin air.
Try telling the African peasant who is unhappy with the Chinese owners of the land he tills to take his grievances to the owners of the land--a corporation in distant China that is owned by the Chinese army.
The reality is there is no avenue left for advocacy, grievances or redress in a system dominated by global corporations. The castle on the hill doesn't exist; it is diffused all over the planet, and well protected by state minions controlled by neofeudal corporate interests.
Do you really think it's mere coincidence that small business growth has imploded in the era of corporate dominance? As I explained yesterday in As I explained yesterday in Governments Change, the Corporatocracy Endures , central banks dropping interest rates to near-zero for financiers and corporations sealed corporate dominance of finance and governance. There are few opportunities for small businesses when the financial and political structures serve neofeudal corporate interests.
Corporate power destroys democracy. That is the heart of neofeudalism.
A Radically Beneficial World: Automation, Technology and Creating Jobs for All is now available as an Audible audio book.
My new book is #14 on Kindle short reads -> politics and social science: Why Our Status Quo Failed and Is Beyond Reform ($3.95 Kindle ebook, $8.95 print edition) For more, please visit the book's website.
NOTE: Contributions/subscriptions are acknowledged in the order received. Your name and email remain confidential and will not be given to any other individual, company or agency.
The Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health conducted a survey of potential weapon purchasers recently and it seems to have been clearly designed to produce an intended result rather than some clear eyed exploration of the subject matter. The topic under study was the new generation of so-called “smart guns” and how willing people would be to purchase one if they were made available. According to this survey at least, plenty of folks were “willing” to give it a whirl. (NBC News)
Many Americans would consider “smart” or childproof weapons if they were to buy a new gun, a new study by Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health finds. Fifty-nine percent of respondents to the Web-based survey of nearly 4,000 people indicated interest in the tech-infused guns, which use fingerprint detection or wireless signals to limit use of the weapon to its owner.
I love how they work in caveats about the weapons being “childproof” in the description. Also, the analysis of the results provided by the study's authors speaks lovingly about how it could lessen the toll of gun deaths in the United States. It could have come straight out of a Hillary Clinton stump speech.
Of course, there are some poison pills baked directly into their results if you read the full report. For example, who were they asking about possibly buying such weapons?
Non-owners of guns and people identifying as “liberal” were most likely to consider buying smart guns, while owners of multiple guns were least likely.
Why were you even asking liberal, non-gun owners who are probably never going to buy a gun of any type? Of course they'll say yes to this because it supports their agenda, but they also have no idea what they're talking about and would be among the most likely to accidentally blow their heads off because they wouldn't know what to do with a weapon if they had one.
A better study was commissioned by the National Shooting Sports Foundation in 2013. It's an actual, scientific survey, and the results were as different as you probably imagine.
Asked “How familiar are you with efforts to develop a firearm that will only fire for a specific authorized person(s)?”, only 20 percent of respondents said they were very or somewhat familiar with the concept of “smart gun” technology. When told that such firearms would incorporate biometric or radio frequency identification (RFID) with an activation system that would rely on battery power, 74 percent of respondents said that these firearms would not be reliable at all or very reliable. Only 16 percent thought “smart guns” would be very or somewhat reliable. Some 10 percent responded “don't know.” Gun owners overwhelmingly (84%) believed a smart gun would not be reliable, while a clear majority (60%) of non-gun owners also believed they would not be reliable.
As you can see, gun owners tend to either be better informed already or at least have a sense of how far the technology has come along. Their skepticism over the readiness of this technology is fully justified, too. You may recall that I wrote last year about the results of some field testing of the Armatix iP1 “smart gun” and the results were not pretty.
The Armatix pistol initially required a full 20 minutes to pair with the watch, even with the aid of an IT pro trained in its use. Without pairing, the Armatix functions like any other handgun, capable of being fired by anyone. Once paired, a “cold start” still requires a minimum of seven push-button commands and a duration of 12 seconds before the gun can be fired. The pistol must be within 10 inches of the watch during “start up.” This slows and complicates the use of the pistol if one hand is injured or otherwise unavailable.
The Armatix is a fun looking toy with lots of gadgets to play with, but it's still pretty much a disaster in terms of being ready to use as an effective home defense weapon. It's also far from foolproof in terms of stopping any and all criminals from using it if they manage to snag one. (Details in the linked performance study.) The rest of the current crop of smart weapons are not much better, assuming they work at all under real world conditions.
That Johns Hopkins Bloomberg survey was done to stoke some political fires, not to provide any new scientific data. Sure, there are a lot of people (primarily liberals who are clueless about weapons to begin with) who would be “willing to try” a smart gun. But if they actually spent the massive amount of money required to purchase an unreliable and under powered weapon they would be highly disappointed.
University of California, Davis “pepper spray incident” reports made public
By Jack Hood
17 April 2012
Last Wednesday, two groups tasked with the responsibility for investigating the “pepper spray incident” at the University of California, Davis issued their reports. The documents focus entirely on the smallest of details of the incident and completely avoid framing the situation as a clash between students protesting brutal austerity and the coercive arm of the state responding with violence.
The evidence revealed in the reports shows, however, that police and administrators did not hesitate to attack students and used unauthorized means of violence and a quasi-legal rationale to break apart the students' tent encampment. The reports conclude by focusing on how UC administrators can prevent and control future protests so that they can avoid being embarrassed in the future.
Both investigative reports were made at the request of high-ranking UC Davis administrators and were produced by groups from a political and social layer that supports the wave of austerity that has struck California's public services, including its schools and universities. Their primary purpose, therefore, is to relieve pressure that had been mounting on Chancellor Linda Katehi, Vice Chancellor Fred Wood, Police Chief Annette Spicuzza, Lt. John Pike, and other administration and police officials.
On November 18, Lt. Pike sprayed the faces of a dozen students as they sat protesting peacefully on the ground. The assault, which generated outrage internationally, came amidst a nationwide wave of police repression of the Occupy Wall Street encampments, and in California, the crackdown on student opposition to Democratic Governor Jerry Brown's attacks on education. Police also beat peaceful student protesters with truncheons at UC Berkeley, and met demonstrators in Oakland with tear gas and rubber bullets.
The day after the UC Davis incident occurred, an estimated 8,000 students and faculty gathered on the Quad in the largest protest in recent UC Davis history. Only hours later, hundreds of students formed a picket and successfully broke up a spin-doctored press event being held in a secret location by the administration. Tens of thousands had signed an online petition demanding the resignation of the Chancellor. Video of Katehi's “walk of shame” past silent students circulated through the national press.
Kroll Inc., a New York firm headed by former LAPD Chief William Bratton, issued one report. Bratton's past in leading unconstitutional mass arrest raids in South Central Los Angeles, criminalizing homelessness and poverty through his “Broken Windows” theory of policing, and in consulting the London Metropolitan Police in vicious crackdowns on rioters and their families in North London underscores the biased nature of this report.
Former California Supreme Court Justice and “progressive” Democrat Cruz Reynoso heads the 13-member task force which issued the second report. Both reports were relatively similar in character and failed even to demand the resignation of any administrator or police officer.
Though the reports call attention to the obvious fact that the use of pepper spray “does not appear to have been an objectively reasonable use of force” and criticizes Chancellor Katehi for failing to request that police not use violence against students, they blame the incident on the lack of police organization and call for UC Davis to develop stricter rules as to how to regulate campus protests. This most likely means that police and administrators will be forced to grow more clandestine with their operations, as they have done in the past. In 2010, it was discovered that administrators and police had established a secret network to infiltrate peaceful student demonstrations, which included the use of undercover police officers.
The reports mistakenly blames the police response on fear—a ridiculous assumption when one considers fully-armed police officers with guns, tasers, pepper spray, truncheons, helmets, bullet-proof vests, steel-toed boots, and vehicles facing off against several dozen students sitting on the grass.
Lt. Pike, the officer caught on video pepper-spraying students, is reported to have used MK-9 spray on the students. MK-9 is a high-pressure, high-intensity spray that UCDPD is not authorized and was not trained to use. The report criticized Pike and Police Chief Spicuzza for allowing the substance to be used at a distance “much closer” than the recommended 6 feet.
It is almost certain that no changes will come from the issuance of these findings, vindicating the perspective of the Socialist Equality Party and its youth organization, the International Students for Social Equality, which called not only for the immediate resignation of Chancellor Katehi and Chief Spicuzza, but for uniting students and workers against all forms of austerity. Only in this way can tuition hikes, budget cuts, and cuts to social services be reversed or prevented. (See the ISSE's statement, “The police attack at UC Davis: The working class and the defense of democratic rights”)
As the various protest groups involved in the Occupy UC Davis protests have revealed, there is no use in pressuring the administration to change course. Chancellor Katehi was brought to UC Davis to oversee an era of privatization, and she has made it clear that she is not afraid to use violence to impose her reactionary agenda upon students and their families. Popular anger has not dissipated, but cynical calculations of the UC administration have proven correct as tensions have fallen to more manageable levels on campus.
In a statement issued last week, UC President Mark Yudof echoed the blatant hypocrisy of other UC administrators by proclaiming that “free speech, including nonviolent protest, is part of the DNA of this university, and it must be protected with vigilance. I implore students who wish to demonstrate to do so in a peaceful fashion, and I expect campus authorities to honor that right.”
Though President Yudof has issued this tired “DNA of the university” statement on multiple occasions, including long before the pepper spray or the violent UC Berkeley incident, he and other administrators are more than satisfied that this report has allowed UC the time to carry out the damage control necessary to prevent the slowing of their regiment of austerity and privatization.
President Trump talks to several members of the news media as he prepares to board Marine One on the South Lawn of the White House on Dec. 2. (Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post)
Media columnist
When Houston Chronicle reporters want to use information from an unnamed source in a news story, they have to jump through a few hoops first.
A senior editor has to approve it, and know who the source is. A single unnamed source is rarely enough to go ahead with a story — there must be two sources with the same firsthand knowledge. And one of a handful of top editors must sign off on its use before publication.
"The one exception to the two-source rule is when we have a 'golden source' — for example, the police chief talking about an investigation," said Nancy Barnes, the Chronicle's executive editor.
The vetting process is similar at many large news organizations — and it's just one of the practices that journalists assume, perhaps incorrectly, that news consumers understand.
Anonymous sourcing is one of the least-understood of the mysteries.
"A lot of people seem to think that when we use anonymous sources, we don't even know who they are — that they're anonymous to us," said Washington Post reporter Wesley Lowery.
That's definitely not the case. Anonymity is granted to known sources under tightly controlled circumstances because they can't speak on the record with their names attached for a variety of reasons.
News organizations try to limit their use, embarking on crackdowns and then sometimes backsliding.
Peter Baker, a reporter in the Washington bureau of the New York Times, said (to a surprised reaction) at a journalism conference last week that Times Washington reporters no longer may use "blind quotes" — direct quotations with no names attached.
I asked a few prominent journalists to describe what they wish news consumers knew about our business, but probably don't. I was prompted to do so after the undercover provocateurs known as Project Veritas released a video featuring a Post reporter and then crowed about their supposed exposé: The video showed him describing how harshly critical of President Trump he has found The Post's staff-written editorials.
That's hardly a secret — the editorials, which represent the consensus of the paper's editorial board, are published, after all. (Last year, a group of such critical editorials was a Pulitzer Prize finalist.)
But Project Veritas was taking advantage of the fact that news consumers don't make a distinction between news reporters and editorial writers. Inside The Post's building, though, that split is clear. News reporters and news-side editors strive for impartiality — they want to keep their opinions out of their work. By contrast, editorial writers and columnists are not only allowed to have an opinion, it's in their job description.
So, what would some of these experienced news people like you to know?
Ben Smith, editor-in-chief of BuzzFeed, told me he wishes readers would understand that sourcing isn't always simple. A high-profile source isn't always a hero and may have motivations that have little to do with serving the best interests of democracy.
"I have always wished the public understood how complex and messy sourcing is, and how often sources' motives are personal or complex. While I appreciate the romantic portrayal of reporters and sources in movies like 'The Post' — and while whistleblowers from Daniel Ellsberg to the #MeToo voices are truly heroes — Mark Felt is a much more typical source," Smith said, referring to the former FBI official who became the Watergate source known as "Deep Throat," in part because he had an ax to grind within the Nixon-era Justice Department.
Smith added that reporting is "an ethically complicated business whose responsibility is singularly to deliver true stories to the audience." But how journalists get there can be discomfiting, he observed. BuzzFeed's recent exposé of alleged sexual misconduct by Rep. John Conyers Jr. (D-Mich.) told readers that its information was supplied by Mike Cernovich, the far-right media personality who has promoted conspiracy theories.
Richard Tofel, president of the nonprofit investigative reporting organization ProPublica, told me he wishes the public would get how seriously journalists take errors.
"I don't think people widely understand how hard journalists work to get stories right," he said. "Accuracy is the first requirement journalists have of each other, for instance, when considering hiring or promotion. Corrections (and even uncorrected mistakes) are badges of dishonor."
Tofel noted that even small mistakes frequently disqualify long stories from prestigious awards. Journalists do make mistakes, of course, and we've seen far too much of that recently. "But," he said, "reporters these days work very hard to get stories straight, and accurate, and fair."
Frank Sesno, director of George Washington University's media school, told me he wishes people understood the "the vetting process, the checks and balances that viewers never see that television networks do (or should) as a matter of course."
Sesno, a former Washington bureau chief for CNN, added: "At CNN, a whole group, the Row, exists to vet scripts, to make sure sound bites are used in context, to fact-check. They send scripts back when there is any question."
There is far more checking, corroborating, debating, arguing, vetting than any viewer could possibly know, Sesno said.
"It belies the prevailing narrative of 'fake' news — because the very systems in place are there (when used and used correctly) to generate skepticism about stories and sources, to put the brakes on confirmation bias and leaps of journalistic faith."
Of course, journalists do mess up sometimes. They can fall prey to confirmation bias, allow anonymous sources to run amok, fail to be fair and impartial. Perhaps most often and most foolishly, they can move too fast to publish in a highly competitive environment.
And then, in a business based on credibility, there's a price to pay.
For more by Margaret Sullivan visit wapo.st/sullivan
The self-described “rogue journalist” who wished John McCain dead on Monday explains to Breitbart News that she sticks by her story in the aftermath of the Arizona senator publicizing his brain-cancer diagnosis on Wednesday.
“I stand by what I wrote,” Caitlin Johnstone tells Breitbart News.
The Australian writer posted a piece called “Please Just F—ing Die Already” on Medium.com on Monday.
The former prisoner of war underwent surgery to remove a blood clot from behind his left eye three days earlier on Friday. On Wednesday, McCain revealed a brain-tumor diagnosis. Glioblastoma, the specific type of cancer, kills about 96 percent of the men between 55 and 64 that it afflicts within five years. John McCain turns 81 in late August.
Johnstone maintains that her prolonged social-media silence that followed news of the grim diagnosis came as a coincidence.
“I was on a day trip with my husband,” she explains. “As you know I'm in Australia, and by the time we got home and read the news most of the Americans were asleep.”
She followed up the uncharacteristic hush with a bombastic die-real-soon convalescence card. “John McCain has cancer,” she wrote Thursday. “Good.”
The words followed a GIF showing the munchkins from The Wizard of Oz singing “Ding-Dong! The Witch Is Dead.”
“John McCain loves death, and very soon he will get his wish,” Johnstone writes Thursday. “McCain has spent his political career pushing for the deaths of hundreds of thousands if not millions of people. I simply hope that stops. Why would anyone pray for that to continue? Why would you wish health and recovery for that? Why would you offer your lifeforce for this agent of death to continue his grisly work?”
Johnstone titled the Thursday piece “Good.”
She cites the 2008 Republican presidential nominee's support of various military interventions as the rationale for the deathwish.
Johnstone notes that her initial post generated a glut of polarizing responses from readers.
“As it is becoming the norm for my work the reaction was largely positive from the anti-establishment right and the anti-establishment left,” she informs Breitbart News, “and extremely negative from Republican and Democrat establishment loyalists.”
The Army reportedly tied a protester to a jeep in Jammu and Kashmir to prevent stone-pelting from a mob.
Highlights Man was tied to jeep after polling officers faced mob of stone-throwers Incident took place on the day of Srinagar by-elections Mehbooba Mufti sought a report from the police on the incident
The police in Jammu and Kashmir have filed a First Information Report or FIR against the Army for tying a man to a jeep allegedly as a "human shield" against protesters who took on security forces in the Valley over by-elections held last week.After a video of the incident went viral this week, drawing widespread condemnation, Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti had sought a detailed report from the state police. The Army also began an internal investigation into the incident. Asked about it, Home Minister Rajnath Singh had said he would look into it.Police sources said that the charges being considered against the Army include kidnapping and endangering the man's life.Security sources said the video was filmed when polling officers faced a mob of stone-throwers on April 9, when by-polls were held for the Srinagar parliamentary constituency. "They would have been lynched by 400 people," the sources said, saying that the man tied to the fender of the jeep acted as a shield and was not harmed.Officials investigating the incident said that the man was identified as Farooq Ahmad Dar, a resident of Sitaharaan village in Khag tehsil of Budgam district in central Kashmir and the army unit involved is 53 Rashtriya Rifles.During the investigation, Mr Dar claimed he was picked up when he was a on way to his sister's house, where a relative had died, after casting his vote. He alleged he was picked up by an Army contingent that wanted to enter Beerwah village with the polling staff.Eight people died and nearly 100 were injured in unprecedented violence during the Srinagar by-polls held in the shadow of threats and a boycott call by separatists. Electronic Voting Machines or EVMs were damaged and burnt and the voters' turnout was the worst in 30 years. An earlier video that went viral showed a mob kicking and slapping a jawan of the Central Reserve Police Force or CRPF, who keeps walking without reacting to any provocation. Five persons were arrested for the incident
Baltimore Mayor Catherine Pugh Caves to NIMBYs, Hacks Away at Protected Bike Lane Pugh altered a bikeway as it was being constructed, endangering the physical safety of people on bikes to appease parking-obsessed complainers.
Baltimore Mayor Catherine Pugh has given in to bikelash, downgrading a new protected bike lane while the city was in the process of installing it. Now, the bikeway will be redone as a patchwork of unprotected and too-narrow paths that fail to meet engineering standards — while resulting in dangerously wide car lanes that encourage speeding. Just six months after she took office, once-hopeful advocates are left questioning the mayor's commitment to installing safe, properly-designed streets.
The bike lane, along a half-mile of residential South Potomac Street in the Canton neighborhood just east of downtown, connects Patterson Park with the Patapsco River. Construction began about four weeks ago, before it was halted two weeks later after some residents complained to the city.
“It sort of ran the gamut as to why constituents did not like the cycle track, but I would say that the majority of people in my district — in Canton and outside of Canton — supported it,” said Councilman Zeke Cohen. Some opponents didn't like losing 10 parking spaces, he said, while others thought it was ugly.
But it was one particular objection that ended up turning Pugh against the bike lane, despite efforts by Cohen and others to save it. “There are firefighters that live on Potomac Street that used their knowledge of the International Fire Code to lobby the fire marshal,” said Liz Cornish, executive director of advocacy group Bikemore. “That really puts the city in a difficult position.”
Specifically, the code mandates 20 feet of unobstructed width for full-size fire trucks to navigate a street — a suburban-style requirement that's sometimes cited by urban fire departments to argue against safer street designs.
Somehow, the insistence on 20-foot widths for fire trucks was not an issue until bike lane opponents discovered it. In recent years, the city has been converting streets from parallel to angled parking to squeeze in more spaces — a change that reduces a street's unobstructed width to less than 20 feet. Then there are the historic streets throughout Baltimore that are less than 20 feet wide, with or without parked cars.
“Why is this lane not acceptable, but we have other streets throughout my district, including the one I live on, that are less than 20 feet?” said Cohen. “We are an old port city with small streets and alleys.” If the 20-foot rule is truly an issue, he said, it's up to the city to purchase right-sized equipment so firefighters can do their job. “I have a lot of respect for our firefighters, and I believe that they would be able to figure out a way to fight fire even with less than 20-foot clearance.”
Bike advocates worry the city will start using the 20-foot rule against other street safety projects. If the city doesn't apply it in other instances, they say, it proves that the rule was a fig leaf to appease a handful of cranky neighbors. On Potomac Street, Bikemore proposed that the city maintain a 20-foot width by removing parking instead of sacrificing the bikeway, Cornish said, but the administration rejected the idea.
Ironically, with its sudden devotion to the smallest details of the fire code, the city is now disregarding a different set of design guidelines — those for bike lanes. The revised bike lane includes unprotected sections that will become magnets for double-parking. Other sections have widths below what's recommended by both the Federal Highway Administration and the National Association of City Transportation Officials.
The new substandard design might throw federal funds for the project into jeopardy, Cornish says, because it could require approval from the state. Streetsblog asked the Baltimore DOT whether its new design needs sign-off from the state and whether it will be re-evaluating all streets in Baltimore that have less than 20 feet of clear width.
A spokesperson replied with a statement that answered none of those questions. “Mayor Pugh is committed to making Baltimore a bicycle and pedestrian-friendly multi-modal city, while at the same time making safety a top priority for all citizens,” the agency said. “The Baltimore City Department of Transportation has re-evaluated the Potomac Street Cycle Track and will be implementing necessary changes to the configuration of the cycle track. The new structure takes into consideration the concerns of the bicycle community, residents of Potomac Street, the Canton community, and emergency responders.”
Cornish said advocates have also been unable to get answers, and are still waiting to see detailed engineering drawings for the slimmed-down bike lane. “It concerns me that they were ready to be public with a redesign without being able to provide thoughtful responses to those pretty practical questions,” she said. “We don't believe that the fire department should have carte blanche when it comes to transportation engineering decisions.”
This is the closest thing I have come across with ports of games to a new console from the older consoles. Not only is this package from Megaman's heyday, but the colors are actually brightened in a special way that is suitable for a screen. This is what people have been considering an HD port of this game. The game is still 256x240, that will always be the case. However, the images are actually enlarged nicely, but are not stretched. The enlarged picture feels natural.
This is also the first Megaman port onto another console that emulates the NES sound chip perfectly. On Megaman Anniversary Collection, the noise channel was too loud with pulse 1 and 2 sounding static-like. On the Wii VC versions, they had different issues where the games would unnaturally slow down like the Wii was either busy doing a different process or couldn't handle NES hardware emulation. On the 3DS, it seems that the game is either acting as an onboard NES emulator or that the games can run on a 3DS script making it act like a real NES.
The package of games is just fantastic. The golden Megaman Amiibo makes a VERY nice display. I actually just bought this game for this Amiibo. The Amiibo itself unlocks a few more challenges in the Amiibo Reader section. Most of them are boss rushes from all the games.
Speaking of challenges, I was actually disappointed with these. The challenges seem to have no rhyme or reason. They were just random sections of the games that were thrown together. Even this would be OK, but the fact that when you reach the end of a defined section indicated by a black space ball, you are brought to the next part. The game pauses for briefly, however, the screen remains dark until the game resumes at which case, you have no idea what is coming up next. This makes sections involving Quickman's beams a real pain. The challenges are reasonable, but don't really make any sense. I was hoping for extra or modified stages. A stage editor would have been the best addition to the game.
Overall, this is a great game, just don't expect too much from the challenges section.
Litecoin Full Node on RBP3
Damian Mee Blocked Unblock Follow May 19, 2017
This guide assumes you're on macOS, comfortable with terminal and want to run a headless, non-pruned Litecoin Full Node on Raspberry Pi 3 and set it up w/o attaching any peripherals to RBP.
Note
All lines starting with  are run on macOS. All lines starting with π are run on Raspberry Pi 3.
Things you need:
Raspberry Pi 3;
MicroSD card (16GB+) — make sure it's big enough to store Litecoin Blockchain (~8GB as of May 2017) and some fluff (~2GB) — note that the more free space you have on it, the longer your SD card will live;
a way to plug the micro SD card into your MacBook;
ethernet cable;
a router with a spare ethernet port.
Prepare SD card
Get Raspbian Lite image
Either via torrent or by abusing Raspberry Pi Foundation servers.
Put image on the SD card
# extract .img file from .zip archive
 ~> unzip 2017-04-10-raspbian-jessie-lite.zip
Plug the SD card into your computer and run below to identify the disk of your SD card:
 ~> diskutil list | grep external
Assuming it's /dev/disk2 :
# Unmount it
 ~> diskutil unmountDisk /dev/disk2
# Copy image to the SD card
 ~> sudo dd bs=1m if=2017-04-10-raspbian-jessie-lite.img of=/dev/disk2
For other OSs see here.
Enable ssh
Starting with Raspbian 2016–11–25 SSH is disabled by default. To enable it, a file named ssh needs to be created in the root of the SD card.
 ~> diskutil mountDisk /dev/disk2
 ~> touch /Volumes/boot/ssh
 ~> diskutil unmountDisk /dev/disk2
More about it here.
Connect & secure Raspberry
Once above is done, put the card into your Raspberry, plug it into the router and power it up.
After a minute or two it should boot up. Now it's time to find its IP address.
There are multiple ways to do that, the easiest one would probably be logging into your router interface (ex. https://192.168.1.1) and trying to find it there.
If that doesn't work you can also try:
# MAC prefix 'b8:27:eb:' is reserved for RBP Foundation
# see more: http://hwaddress.com/?q=B827EB000000
 ~> arp -a | grep 'b8:27:eb'
Or, if that doesn't work, you can try nmapping your local network for open 22/tcp ports:
 ~> nmap -A 192.168.0-1.* -p T:22 --open
Assuming the IP of your Pi is 192.168.1.101 , ssh to it (default password: raspberry ):
 ~> ssh pi@192.168.1.101
Change user password
If you'd rather decrease the chances of your Pi joining the IoS party, change your password right away:
π ~> passwd
π ~> exit
Use keys to auth with ssh
Now that we've located the RBP and changed its password, let's make things more secure.
I use Ed25519 keys and I strongly encourage you to do the same. Here's an easy why & how to switch guide. That being said, you can pass a path to any key in the command below.
 ~> ssh-copy-id -i ~/.ssh/id_ed25519.pub pi@192.168.1.101
Next we need to disable password authentication. Either manually:
# edit ssh daemon config file
π ~> sudo nano /etc/ssh/sshd_config
# Find `#PasswordAuthentication yes` & below it add:
PasswordAuthentication no
# To save and exit press ^x + y + enter
Or using a oneliner:
π ~> sudo sed -i '/#PasswordAuthentication yes/a PasswordAuthentication no' /etc/ssh/sshd_config
Listen to ssh-audit.py
It's a good tool that offers good advice. If you want to see recommendations it gives, run:
 ~> git clone git@github.com:arthepsy/ssh-audit.git
 ~> cd ssh-audit
 ~> ./ssh-audit.py 192.168.1.101
I won't go into details here, but to follow its recommendations put this into /etc/ssh/sshd_config file on RBP3:
# make sure these are in the file and NOT commented out:
HostKey /etc/ssh/ssh_host_rsa_key
HostKey /etc/ssh/ssh_host_ed25519_key
# make sure these are either gone or commented out:
#HostKey /etc/ssh/ssh_host_dsa_key
#HostKey /etc/ssh/ssh_host_ecdsa_key
For Termius to work on mobile, you need to add diffie-hellman-group-exchange-sha256 to KexAlgorithms and hmac-sha-256 to MACs 😭.
For ConnectBot to work on mobile you only need to add hmac-sha2-512 to MACs , as it supports Ed25519 curves.
Reload config of the ssh daemon:
π ~> sudo service ssh reload
Note: if you disconnect now you will need to remove line containing 192.168.1.101 from ~/.ssh/known_hosts on your Mac before connecting again.
Configure the Raspberry
Localization, Time Zone, etc…
Run the below and feel free to play with the wizard there. You might want to change time zone and WiFi country. Also, “expanding the filesystem” is no longer necessary, as it happens automatically on the first boot (ref: scroll this to 2016–05–10).
π ~> sudo raspi-config
# And if it didn't ask you to, run:
π ~> sudo reboot
Get all the shiny updates
π ~> sudo apt-get update
π ~> sudo apt-get upgrade
Disable SWAP
Constant writing to an SD card can kill it in 30 days (according to the internet), so to minimize writes let's:
# disable SWAP
π ~> sudo swapoff --all
# remove package that manages SWAP altogether
π ~> sudo apt-get remove dphys-swapfile
# I had some orphans left and this helped
π ~> sudo apt-get autoremove
Use WiFi instead (optional)
Since RBP3 has WiFi, and ethernet cables are so 90's, let's switch to WiFi instead:
# gotta do it as root
π ~> sudo su
# will generate network={} structure and save it to the right place
π (root)~> wpa_passphrase "SSID" "password" >> /etc/wpa_supplicant/wpa_supplicant.conf
# exit the root shell
π (root)~> exit
# Run to make Pi acknowledge changes
π ~> sudo wpa_cli reconfigure
After a couple of seconds Pi, should automatically connect to the specified network. To find the new IP you can:
π ~> ip a show wlan0 | grep inet
inet 192.168.1.111/24 brd 192.168.0.255 scope global wlan0
inet6 fe80::9ac9:a0:e042:2da0/64 scope link
Or…
π ~> hostname -I
192.168.1.111
In both cases above the IP is 192.168.1.111 , so:
π ~> exit
 ~> ssh pi@192.168.1.111
If that succeeded you can get rid of the ethernet cable and from now on just use 192.168.1.111 .
Whether you followed this step or not, everything that follows remains the same.
Finally, the good stuff
The below steps are mostly, but loosely, based on the official UNIX BUILD NOTES.
Dependencies
Before we start, we need to install all required dependencies.
π ~> sudo apt-get install git build-essential libtool autotools-dev automake pkg-config libssl-dev libevent-dev bsdmainutils libboost-system-dev libboost-filesystem-dev libboost-chrono-dev libboost-program-options-dev libboost-test-dev libboost-thread-dev libminiupnpc-dev libzmq3-dev jq
Get Litecoin Core
Go to https://github.com/litecoin-project/litecoin/branches and see what's the newest non-dev branch. As of May 2017 it's 0.13 , so:
π ~> cd ~
# use https instead of ssh to avoid adding rbp3 key to gh account
π ~> git clone -b 0.13 https://github.com/litecoin-project/litecoin.git
Berkeley DB (optional)
This very specific version (4.8) of Berkeley db is still needed if you want to have your client with wallet capabilities.
π ~> LITECOIN_ROOT=$(pwd)/litecoin
π ~> BDB_PREFIX="${LITECOIN_ROOT}/db4"
π ~> mkdir -p $BDB_PREFIX
π ~> wget 'http://download.oracle.com/berkeley-db/db-4.8.30.NC.tar.gz'
π ~> echo '12edc0df75bf9abd7f82f821795bcee50f42cb2e5f76a6a281b85732798364ef db-4.8.30.NC.tar.gz' | sha256sum -c
# -> db-4.8.30.NC.tar.gz: OK
π ~> tar -xzvf db-4.8.30.NC.tar.gz
π ~> cd db-4.8.30.NC/build_unix/
π ~> ../dist/configure --enable-cxx --disable-shared --with-pic --prefix=$BDB_PREFIX
π ~> make install
Build Litecoin Core
π ~> cd $LITECOIN_ROOT
π ~> ./autogen.sh
# run this if you want wallet or…
π ~> ./configure LDFLAGS="-L${BDB_PREFIX}/lib/" CPPFLAGS="-I${BDB_PREFIX}/include/" CXXFLAGS="--param ggc-min-expand=1 --param ggc-min-heapsize=32768" --enable-cxx --without-gui --disable-shared --with-pic --enable-upnp-default
# …this if you don't
π ~> ./configure CXXFLAGS="--param ggc-min-expand=1 --param ggc-min-heapsize=32768" --enable-cxx --without-gui --disable-shared --with-pic --enable-upnp-default --disable-wallet
# this might take a short forever - ~1.5 hr
π ~> make check
π ~> sudo make install
Configure
Probably the best way to get a well optimised ~/.litecoin/litecoin.conf file is to use the generator that Jameson Lopp was kind enough to create.
That being said, here's the stuff you need to put there:
daemon=1
dbcache=100
maxorphantx=10
maxmempool=50
maxconnections=40
maxuploadtarget=5000
Run
π ~> litecoind
Litecoin server starting
Make sure it works
It might take a few minutes to start. You can watch progress by running:
π ~> tail -f ~/.litecoin/debug.log
And here are a couple of other handy commands that you can use later:
π ~> litecoin-cli getinfo
π ~> litecoin-cli getnetworkinfo
π ~> litecoin-cli getwalletinfo
π ~> litecoin-cli getblockchaininfo
π ~> litecoin-cli getpeerinfo
Now wait…
Now, that the node is running it will download and process the entire Litecoin blockchain. This process will take days or possibly weeks. Just leave it running and it will get there eventually.
Run on reboot
To avoid starting the node manually after each reboot add this to your cron file:
π ~> which litecoind
/usr/local/bin/litecoind
π ~> crontab -e
# add this line to the end:
@reboot sleep 8; /usr/local/bin/litecoind
The sleep 8 part is necessary to avoid:
Binding RPC on address 127.0.0.1 port 8332 failed.
Other thingies
Add some scripts to make the sync bearable
While the sync takes place, to soothe your agitation, you can either monitor the progress value in ~/.litecoin/litecoin.conf file or append some aliases to either ~/.zshrc or ~/.bashrc :
# shows % of blocks processed
alias blocks='BLOCKS_FILE=~/.cache/blocks TOTAL=$(curl -s https://ltc.blockr.io/api/v1/block/info/last | jq -r '.data.nb') CURRENT=$(litecoin-cli getblockcount) && BLOCKSF=$(printf "%.5f%%" "$((100.0 * CURRENT / TOTAL))") && printf "%s → %s
" "$(cat $BLOCKS_FILE)" $BLOCKSF && echo $BLOCKSF > $BLOCKS_FILE'
# turns logged `progress` into %
alias progress='PROG_FILE=~/.cache/progress PROG=$(grep UpdateTip ~/.litecoin/debug.log T -n1 | cut -d " " -f 12 | cut -d = -f 2) PROGF=$(printf "%.2f%%" "$((PROG * 100))") && printf "%s → %s
" "$(cat $PROG_FILE)" $PROGF && echo $PROGF > $PROG_FILE'
And run:
π ~> mkdir -p ~/.cache && echo "0%" > ~/.cache/{progress,blocks}
Now, running either progress or blocks on RBP will show output in the form of:
<value-when-previously-run> → <current-value>
Make ssh welcome message pretty
There's no reason to see that awful block of text every time you log in. Making it prettier was inspired by stuff from here.
First, you need to create a file somewhere ex. /tmp/rbp-motd.sh and paste the below to it.
#!/bin/bash
logo="$(tput setaf 2)
.~~. .~~.
'. \ ' ' / .'$(tput setaf 1)
.~ .~~~..~.
: .~.'~'.~. :
~ ( ) ( ) ~
( : '~'.~.'~' : )
~ .~ ( ) ~. ~ $(tput sgr0)Raspberry Pi$(tput setaf 1)
( : '~' : ) $(tput sgr0)Litecoin$(tput setaf 1)
'~ .~~~. ~'
'~'
$(tput sgr0)"
if [ `whoami` != "root" ]; then
echo "$logo"
echo "Run as sudo to update your motd."
else
echo "$logo" > /etc/motd
/etc/init.d/bootlogs
echo "Updated MOTD. Log in again to see the new logo."
fi
Then:
π ~> chmod a+x /tmp/rbp-motd.sh
π ~> sudo /tmp/rbp-motd.sh
Or, if you're naïve enough to trust me:
π ~> wget -qO- https://gist.githubusercontent.com/meeDamian/9a98f7ae5aba2090872835e21217fb9e/raw/b8905b48f6aaea49cc4d988e8337c320c0528ef3/na%25C3%25AFve.sh | sudo sh
After either, just log in again, and you should be greeted with:
Improvements? Mistakes?
If you've found anything incorrect in this guide, or have an idea on how to improve it, feel free to either leave a comment, btc [AT] meedamian.com or @meeDamian me.
Happy?
If you want to get me a coffee or some AC time in the hot climate of Thailand 🇹🇭 you can send your appreciation to 1DamianM2k8WfNEeJmyqSe2YW1upB7UATx or LPqQ6QNbwB5T27K8XmRQ61rMfTbZZinTwS.
Other Guides…
This is a first guide in a series of planned:
Two men died in a separate avalanche in Glencoe earlier this week Two skiers from the Edinburgh area have survived being swept 2,000ft (610m) down a mountain by an avalanche. Police, the local mountain rescue team and a Royal Navy rescue helicopter were called to Glencoe at 0945 GMT after receiving an emergency call. The two men, who were aged 26 and 23, were found in the Cam Ghleann area of Glencoe and airlifted to safety. They were taken to Belford Hospital in Fort William where they were treated for leg injuries. It is understood the skiers managed to dig themselves out of the snow before rescuers arrived. They had been almost at the top of the 3,600ft (1,097m) summit of the ski area on the peak when a huge slab of snow gave way under their feet. It took them 2,000ft down the hill and they virtually rode down on top of it most of the way down. That saved their lives
John Grieve
Glencoe Mountain Rescue John Grieve, leader of Glencoe Mountain Rescue Team, said: "They were near the summit at Cam Ghleann, on Meall a' Bhuiridh, when the avalanche happened. "They had skied to the edge of the ridge and had gone about 2ft to 3ft (0.6-0.9m) when the whole slope just went. "It was a big, big avalanche from which they are lucky to have survived. It took them 2,000ft (610m) down the hill and they virtually rode down on top of it most of the way down. That saved their lives. "When they came to a halt they were partially buried, but amazingly dug each other out despite serious injuries." The alarm was raised when the men managed to call 999 from a mobile phone. Mr Grieve said: "We did not know exactly where they were at first and were out looking for them with telescopes. "Because it was a massive and very dangerous avalanche, I called in the Royal Navy rescue helicopter from Prestwick and they located the pair and airlifted them off the mountain to safety. "The helicopter received another call and dropped the pair off at a nearby road where they were picked up by ambulance and taken to Belford Hospital in Fort William." Hazard assessment The mountain rescue team leader added: "These guys are very fortunate to have survived. This was a huge avalanche, about 200m (650ft) wide and consisting of hundreds of tonnes of snow. "If they had been buried we would only have had a matter of minutes in which to save them. "It is extraordinary how they rode on top of the snow, but they are two experienced skiers." Northern Constabulary said the rescue had been complicated by the unstable snow conditions in the area. The force reminded anyone planning on going onto the mountains to use the Scottish Avalanche Information Service before setting off. The service warned on Saturday that the avalanche hazard assessment in the Lochaber area generally, and in particular Glencoe and Creag Meagaidh, was high. A total of six people have been killed on Scottish mountains this winter, including two men whose bodies were recovered by a mountain rescue team after an avalanche in the Buchaille Etive Mor area of Glencoe on Wednesday.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The soccer players whose names appear in the Mossack Fonseca files hail from Brazil, Uruguay, the United Kingdom, Turkey, Serbia, The Netherlands and Sweden, among other countries. Most seemed to have used the law firm's services to create offshore companies to hold the money they earned selling their image rights to athletic shoe companies and other advertisers.
Advertising
Lionel Messi and his father, who served as his son's agent, are slated to stand trial on tax fraud charges starting May 31. Accused of shortchanging the government out of nearly $6.5 million in taxes by shielding his image rights in an offshore network, Messi has paid the back taxes the government said he owed for the years 2007-2009. Messi denies that he deliberately tried to deceive anyone.
Mega Star Enterprises , the offshore company owned by Messi and his father at least as far back as 2013 , is not mentioned in the Spanish government's 2014 and 2015 indictments against the pair. The leaked records show Messi signed at least one document reflecting his ownership of Mega Star, but that his father, Jorge Messi, took over sole ownership of the company in December 2015. The company remains active in Panama's company register.
Watch | Explained: What Do The Panama Papers Reveal
Messi isn't alone when it comes to using offshore havens.
One of the biggest soccer figures named in the documents is Michel Platini, a former French soccer great and a key figure in the 2015 FIFA scandal. Platini relied on Mossack Fonseca to help him administer an offshore company created in Panama in 2007, the same year he was named president of UEFA, the European soccer association. Platini was given an unlimited power of attorney for Balney Enterprises, which was still an active business as of March 2016, according to Panama's commercial register.
Platini, a longtime member of FIFA's executive committee, has already been banned from the sport for six years because of a questionable $2 million payment he received from FIFA in 2011.
Leaked documents reveal that the law firm of a FIFA ethics watchdog had business relationships with three men who have been indicted in the world soccer association's corruption scandal.
Watch | Panama Papers: A Peek Into India Express' 8 Month Long Investigation
The confidential files disclose previously unknown dealings between the three men and Juan Pedro Damiani, a member of FIFA's Independent Ethics Committee, which has handed down a series of bans against high-level executives at the organisation. The records show that Damiani and his law firm did work for at least seven offshore companies linked to Eugenio Figueredo, a former FIFA vice president who has been charged by US authorities with wire fraud and money laundering.
Among the others named:
Leonardo Ulloa, a top scorer for Leicester City, the surprise team of the season for fans of the Premier League. In early 2008, when he was playing for San Lorenzo de Almagro in Argentina, Leo Ulloa signed over his economic and image rights to Jump Drive Sport Rights LLC, a company registered in New York. On paper, Jump Drive's director and shareholder weren't people but instead two companies based in the South Pacific nation of Samoa. “I don't have a good relationship with him now, but I don't want to talk about it,” Ulloa said.
Advertising
Gabriel Iván Heinze, who is from Argentina and played with Manchester United and Real Madrid. In 2005, while he was with Manchester United, Heinze created the Galena Mills Corp, also in the British Virgin Islands. Heinze's mother was listed as the company's owner.
Police on Monday arrested two students suspected of planning a mass school shooting that targeted teachers and students at South Pasadena High School.
School officials reported the suspected plot to police on Thursday, but did not say how they learned of it. The pair had been under surveillance since the report, South Pasadena police Sgt. Brian Solinsky said.
He would not elaborate on the plans or what form they took, but Solinsky said they were “very specific” and included named targets.
“This is a prime example of school officials recognizing suspicious behavior,” Solinsky said in a statement. “It was this information that helped prevent a horrific tragedy.”
Police found no weapons in either of the student's possession or in their homes, authorities said.
“Any time something like this comes up, it certainly causes great concern, not just for South Pasadena, but public schools across the country,” South Pasadena Unified School District Superintendent Geoff Yantz said.
Police said they did not find guns or other weapons in the boys' homes. However, officials said the boys had been researching weapons on the internet.
A spokeswoman with the Los Angeles County District Attorney's office said she was uncertain if charges had been presented by police.
Sgt. Robert Bartl said the suspects researched rifles, handguns, submachine guns, bombs and explosives, specifically propane.
“They were researching weapons and how to fire and assemble them,” Bartl said.
Bartl said a submachine gun can fire several rounds per second and can “cause catastrophe.”
The boys told police during the investigation what they had researched. Police did not know when they were planning to carry out the shooting.
Bartl said detectives obtained evidence where the boys listed the names of three teachers and two students who they wanted to kill.
Their identities were not available.
Los Angeles County criminalists Monday searched the suspects' computers' for files and history, Bartl said.
South Pasadena Police officials plan to hold a news conference Tuesday morning to discuss the arrests.
“I don't know how it was reported to (the school), they got knowledge from some source and then it was reported to us,” he said.
Patrol officers were immediately sent to the school to take an initial crime report and detectives followed leads and tips, Bartl said.
“Detectives served warrants at each of the suspect's homes,” officials said. “Enough evidence was discovered, and based on that evidence the suspects were arrested at their homes.”
One of the suspects was arrested without incident.
The second suspect resisted arrest and officers had to force entry into his house, officials said. Reportedly, he was captured in the home as he tried to run away from the arresting officers.
“School doesn't start until Thursday and that was one of our goals — to make sure the investigation was moving very quick,” Bartl said. “(We) had detectives working nonstop the last four-to-five days since we received the actual report so that we could put a stop to this prior to school starting.”
“(We're) pretty confident that we're going to find more evidence on the computers, and through their statements to us, that they were using their computers to research weapons,” Bartl said.
Detectives have not spoken to any students, but spoke with the teachers who were named on the suspects' list, Bartl said.
Yantz did not know how long the three teachers have been employed with the school.
“We will be providing support services to students, faculty and employees who feel the need to have such support,” Yantz said. “As a precautionary measure there will be additional police presence on campus to start the school year.”
Yantz did not comment on whether or not the school had past issues with the suspects.
A letter was sent out Monday night via email to parents notifying them of the incident and offering counseling for students.
Bartl said the boys planned to carry out their attack for personal reasons.
“They may have been crossed by one of the students or teachers, maybe by how the teacher taught or a grade (one of the suspects) received,” Bartl said. “It was definitely directed toward people they weren't happy with.”
On May 6, 1940, a South Pasadena school principal, angry about being fired by the district, shot and killed five school officials in what is now considered a mass school shooting.
No additional suspects are being sought in connection with the recent planned shooting, Bartl said. Police said they will give an update at a news conference at 10 a.m. Tuesday.
Anyone with more information is asked to call South Pasadena Police Department Detectives at 626-403-7297.
About
Welcome to Case Marvel, we set out with one goal in mind and that is to deliver the absolute best cases and vinyl decals on the market. Not only did they have to look amazing and feel great, we wanted them to be 100% made in the USA.
We started out by looking at our competition and what we found was both interesting and confusing. We realized that 100% of cases sold in the customization and retail markets were manufactured abroad. We wondered if it was even possible to make a product right here in the US and still have the ability to compete with foreign manufacturers. After all, it's fixed in our minds that anything made in the US is more expensive than any product coming from overseas. This raised many questions; was it the low cost of labor, less expensive material or cheaper equipment that drove this decision to outsource production? To better understand “why” we decided that we would visit factories around the world. We made numerous trips and visited dozens of manufacturers that specialize in case production and what we found was astonishing. Nearly all of the manufacturers are using equipment and raw materials that are made in the USA. If it wasn't the material or equipment cost it had to be low cost of labor that drove the decision to outsource, right? Wrong. The process to produce cases is nearly 100% machine driven. There would be a small cost savings in labor but not big enough to justify the added cost of freight and taxes on imported goods. We realized that there was no significant or competitive advantage to manufacturing overseas. We can make this product right here at home in the US for a fraction of the price. We can create opportunities for our local communities and bring back manufacturing jobs, which are so desperately needed.
Whether you want to take a piece of artwork and display it on your phone or personalize your virtual reality headset, Case Marvel is here to deliver the highest quality product at the lowest price.
We are asking for your help. A successful kickstarter will allow us to grow our existing 2,000 square foot customization facility into a 10,000 square foot manufacturing, print, pack and ship facility. It will give us the ability to purchase the raw material, new molds, injection molding machinery and coating equipment needed to produce everything in-house. It will allow us to hire manufacturing, design and assembly workers and will help us expand into creating the biggest spectrum of personalizable accessories for virtual reality headsets.
(PHP has || and OR . JS only has || .)
JS. According to MDN || has higher precedence than = . So this doesn't work:
a || a = 1;
because it's evaluated as:
(a || a) = 1;
which results in an "Invalid left-hand side in assignment". I understand that. That makes sense.
PHP. According to PHP.net it works the same for PHP: || before = . However, I use this all the time:
$a || $a = 1;
Why does it work in PHP?? And to top it off: PHP's OR has lower precedence than = , so these shouldn't do the same:
$a || $a = 1; $a OR $a = 1;
but they do... https://3v4l.org/UWXMd
I think JS' || works according to MDN's table, and PHP's OR works like PHP's table, but PHP's || shouldn't work like it does.
Is this yet another weird PHP quirk?
The manual also mentions this:
Although = has a lower precedence than most other operators, PHP will still allow expressions similar to the following: if (!$a = foo()) , in which case the return value of foo() is put into $a .
The precedence table dictates PHP should evaluate (!$a) = foo() , which makes no sense and should fail, but PHP evaluates it as !($a = foo()) , because it loves exceptions.
OGSeries is back again in Trackmania 2: Stadium in this second season. There will be a lot of individual and team competitions. The team tournament will have +200€ in prizes, so be attentive and join in your team. Further each week you will be able to play a individual tournament where too will win some prizes.
To help us, you must send some maps where you will be able to win some sweet prizes and enjoy with your team.
Map requirements
Tech maps
maps Name of the map: $FE0$l[www.ogseries.com]TWC$l $FFFTrackname
Difficulty: Easy - Medium
Day mood
mood Not offending names
No special signs in the name
Length: 35-45 seconds
Use of the OGS Signs. Necessarily you must place signs from HP and Intel.
Blockmixing is allowed , if it does not produce graphical glitches or driving bugs
, if it does not produce graphical glitches or driving bugs Mediatracker is forbidden
No limits map/player
maps/player The scenery is up to you (make sure it does not produce lags, lighting problems or graphical bugs!)
The tracks were not used in any competition before
The tracks are only known by yourself
SEND MAP IN A ZIP
Deadline: 13rd February
Signs OGSeries_2015
Maps should be sent to the email address Cristian@ogseries.com with the following parameters:
Donald Trump arrived in Cleveland on the third day of the Republican National Convention.
CLEVELAND — The keys to the Republican Party now belong to a onetime Democrat, a man who has lambasted top Republican Party leaders, a man who diverges from the party's longstanding orthodoxy on an array of central issues.
It's Donald Trump's party now.
And his party is one of anger and division, one that is sick and tired of the status quo and skeptical of all elected officials. It is one that is proudly vulgar, one that peddles in innuendo and conspiracy, and one whose members will speak of shooting the presumptive Democratic nominee for treason or chant in unison, “Lock her up!” It is one that is short on specifics but adamant about bumper sticker promises about building a wall to keep out illegal immigrants and about making America great.
Advertisement
“The party's DNA has been rearranged,” said Nicholas Kemper, a 20-year-old delegate from Texas who supports Trump. “This is the new era right now.”
Get Ground Game in your inbox: Daily updates and analysis on national politics from James Pindell. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
“He's taken some unconventional stances,” Kemper added. “He seems to be indifferent about abortion and marriage. It's going to be an adjustment. It will attract new voters but will also certainly repel some.”
Some Republicans fear that they could lose voters for decades, and that the grip Democrats have on the growing segment of minority voters will only get firmer. They worry that the Republicans' majority in the Senate is at risk, and possibly the House majority, too.
Others no longer recognize what their party is becoming.
“I've made the decision not to watch except for highlights on the morning news,” said Seth Klarman, a Boston billionaire who was the biggest donor to Republicans from New England in the 2014 election cycle.
Advertisement
“What I've read and seen has reinforced my decision neither to support Republican candidates who have supported Trump, nor the party itself, because so many Republicans have chosen to put party ahead of country. Donald Trump is completely unqualified for the highest office in the land.”
Klarman, who is an independent, just cut a $5,400 check to Hillary Clinton's campaign.
One day after Trump officially secured the nomination, Republican delegates in Cleveland Wednesday spoke openly with pride — as well as apprehension — about their party's new standard-bearer, illustrating the divide that's plagued the primaries ever since Trump glided down an escalator in Trump Tower last year and announced he was running for president.
Some continued to criticize Trump's negative tenor and divisive rhetoric and expressed concerns about the party's ability to attract younger voters, especially minorities and women.
Melissa Richmond, a 29-year-old delegate from Virginia who is Mitt Romney's former director of donor relations, fears that under Trump, “the trickle-down racism and misogyny that Romney talked about will come to fruition.”
Advertisement
“He uses language that tears down other people and appeals to our basest instincts,” she said. “He doesn't set a good tone for our country. It's not the Republican Party I know. It's super discouraging.”
Richmond, vice president of Running Start, a nonpartisan organization focused on encouraging young women to run for office, said about half the people she trains are women of color. She worries that a Republican Party led by Trump will not only discourage minority women from joining the GOP, but also turn them off to politics, period.
“I wish I could be more excited being here at the convention,” said Richmond, who plans on writing in a candidate in November, probably Romney.
“I would love to feel proud to be able to say, ‘Oh, I wish you'd been at the convention. It was the best thing ever.' But I'm not.”
More than halfway through the convention, the party seems to be what Trump might have called “low energy,” the phrase he once used to describe Jeb Bush. Some attendees have already left, and the seats have never been completely full in the arena where the NBA champion Cleveland Cavaliers play.
During the first two nights, most delegates had filed out by the time the final speakers took the stage.
After months of opposing Trump, House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell both took the stage Tuesday night, declaring their support for the nominee. McConnell was booed, and Ryan — a onetime wunderkind of the Republican Party — was received tepidly as he gave a speech rich on policy. And on Wednesday, former rival Ted Cruz spoke, but declined to endorse Trump.
While each day has had a theme, there is little cohesion among the speakers, and the name Clinton is uttered far more often than the name Trump.
Ben Carson, one of the Republican speakers, said the presumptive Democratic nominee had sympathy for Lucifer. A top RNC official blamed Clinton for not standing up for those who accused Bill Clinton of sexual improprieties. One of the most animated moments of the convention came when delegates chanted over and over: “Lock her up! Lock her up!” and “Guilty!''
Yet, in an interview this week, Anne Copp, a New Hampshire delegate from Danbury, pushed back on the notion that Trump is sexist and racist.
“I'm offended by that,” Copp said. “I'm not an uneducated, low-class woman, and I'm for Trump.”
In fact, she said, Trump is making the GOP more inclusive.
“He's widened the party,” she said. “It's no longer going to be leaning toward the establishment.”
Other delegates credit Trump for expanding the party base to appeal to blue-collar union workers who have traditionally voted Democrat by focusing on international trade and prosperity, as well as voters disenchanted with the Republican establishment.
“I didn't get the appeal at first,” said Chris Ager, a New Hampshire delegate from Amherst who had supported Scott Walker and Marco Rubio.
But Ager said his two sons, ages 26 and 30, who had never voted in their lives, quickly became Trump fans because he's a brash, straight-talking “billionaire who can't be controlled by anyone.”
Some social conservatives say they are even willing to overlook Trump's more moderate positions on traditional Republican stances on gays and abortion because they would rather see the next Supreme Court justice appointed by Trump than his Democratic rival.
In other words, they agree with him on enough to make him acceptable, especially when compared with Hillary Clinton.
“I have opinions that differ from Donald Trump in socially conservative ways,” said Steve Goddu, a New Hampshire delegate from Salem who had originally supported Cruz. “But if you get 80 percent, that's a good day.”
“I am very hopeful in the direction that Trump can take the party,” said Curtis Hill, the Republican nominee for Indiana attorney general. “He has captured a movement and brought energy to the campaign and he wants to make America great again. What is wrong with that?
“He is different than most Republicans and his campaign is different, but this country is stuck and we need a new direction.”
Georgia activist Debbie Whelchel is concerned about what direction Trump will take the party.
“Yes, of course I am worried,” said Whelchel, who backed Marco Rubio in the presidential primary. “He is a loose cannon, and who knows what he will do or say?. He is an outsider, but we are a conservative party. We like tradition and rules, and he doesn't.”
Annie Linskey and James Pindell of the Globe staff contributed to this report. Matt Viser can be reached at matt.viser@globe.com
[TRANS] http://bit.ly/2rBQxRS ㅡ Hyoyeon GRAZIA (June) Interview
"It's SNSD's 10th anniversary this year. I still can't believe 10 years have passed already. The members are working hard at preparing to spend this year meaningfully, so please look forward to it!"
Q: You looked like you were enjoying the shoot. What score would you give for your mood today?
A: A perfect score! I feel happy just wearing pretty clothes. If I like the outfit, along with shoots, I'm able to practice with a happier heart. Today is that kind of day.
Q: Every person has their own style, what kind of style do you prefer?
A: In the past, I liked clothing styles that were flashy and colorful. I boldly mixed and matched primary colors. Some people probably thought, 'How can she attempt things like that?' (laughs). Nowadays, I like styles with toned down colors than before, with simple patterns like stripes. Kind of like a street style that is a bit more refined and mature? Even if it's expensive, if it's a style I don't like, it doesn't look good.
Q: You've done various individual activities recently. What do you have the most affection for out of them all?
A: I especially remember 'Hyoyeon's 10 Million Likes'. Revealing my life to fans was really enjoyable. If 'Hyoyeon's 1 Million Likes', done prior, was centered around me, 'Hyoyeon's 10 Million Likes' was more about me and my people, so it was a lot more diverse. Also, something I worked really hard on, as it was that much more burdensome, was 'Hit the Stage'. I was the senior out of all the other singers on the show, so there was a lot of pressure to show a great stage. I was proud of the good results that followed all my hard work.
Q: Your first solo promotions with the single 'Mystery' was successful, too.
A: It's an unforgettable time for me. More than anything, I was able to feel how different solo promotions were from group activities. There was pressure from having to fill a 3-minute long stage alone, and there were a lot more things I had to pay attention to because I was alone. After finishing it, there was a lot more I wanted to do. It made me think that I'd want to consistently release singles for fans, who are currently waiting for SNSD, don't get bored. And so I want to be someone who is always ready.
Q: Maybe that's why I feel like you're absorbed in managing yourself both externally and internally.
A: After solo activities, I've definitely put an effort into managing myself more. I recently started English lessons, too. And I'm consistently doing vocal practices. Because I know that having things prepared one by one, it will help to perfect SNSD and solo activities more.
Q: It's not easy maintaining a group for 10 years. Seeing members uphold your teamwork by supporting other members' solo activities, as usual, is impressive.
A: Is it because we see each other occasionally (laughs)? There's a fondness that wasn't felt when we spent 24 hours together when we lived in a dorm. Because we enjoy just seeing each other. It's something that's magnified after doing solo activities. When you go on music shows, singers around you are in groups and are gathered in pairs. There's a bit of an empty feeling being left by myself. I felt that it would feel reassuring if my members were just next to me. So after doing solo activities, I wanted to see 'SNSD', so I watched a group stage, and it was amazing. Us putting on a flashy performance, and how it's already been 10 years.
Q: Is there a personal method of yours to spend the summer in a hot way?
A: How about spending this summer listening to my second solo single releasing in this hot summer (laughs)? I'm working hard on preparing for it, so please look forward to it!
"While preparing my single album, the thing I put most emphasis on is being 'Hyoyeon-like'. I thought a lot and worked hard in order to show my own music, song, and performance that I could not through SNSD's stages. I'm also anticipating this 'hot' stage I will be returning with this summer!"
Reply · Report Post
Over 200,000 marijuana plants have been destroyed in two regions of Peru. During the five-day operation, police burned 17 times more dope than during the all of 2011.
­A total of 34.5 hectares of marijuana crop were torched during an operation in the La Libertad and Huanaco regions, Director of the National Police General Raul Salazar announced.
Estimates of the US black market value of the drugs could reach $15 million, the Ministry of the Interior said in a press release.
Peru is not listed as a major marijuana producer in the 2012 United Nations World Drug Report, but reports of increased seizures and the destruction of crops indicate that marijuana production in Peru is on the rise.
In early July, Peruvian authorities destroyed another 34,000 marijuana plants ready for harvest in a remote jungle region in Chinchao.
Meanwhile, the US Office of National Drug Control Policy announced that Peru is currently the top producer of cocaine on the planet, with Bolivia and Colombia far behind.
AFP Photo / Mininter AFP Photo / Mininter
­
AFP Photo / Mininter AFP Photo / Mininter
­
Nigel Bailey has been an Eagle Scout since he was 12-years-old. Back then, from the beginning, he set his sights on earning all of the Scouting merit badges. Now, in just two weeks, he'll receive his 137th badge at a ceremony October 24. Earning so many merit badges means his sash is extra, extra long -- and now, there are no more badges to earn until the Boy Scouts create more.
For Nigel, some badges had more merit than others.
“Definitely scuba diving. Scuba diving was a really great merit badge,” said Bailey, “And I'm now scuba certified. I actually got to shadow a veterinarian and we did a bunch of surgeries. We took a tumor out of a cat.“
Eagle Scout Nigel Bailey of Troop 962, St. Andrews Methodist Church has earned all 137 merit badges.
5 On Your Side contacted the Boy Scouts to find out if they track scouts who earn every badge, but got no response. The website MeritBadgeKnot.com says it has confirmed that 352 Scouts have that distinction, fewer than 20 scouts a year nationally.
Nigel is the second oldest of seven siblings. When he's not scouting, he's a wiz at Rubik's Cube, and home schooled by his mom, Erika Bailey.
“He set his mind to doing something. He chipped away at it every day, a little bit at a time, one thing for one merit badge every day,” said Erika. “In six years, he was able to get them all. He did exactly his goal and I'm proud of him.”
Eagle Scout Nigel Bailey of Troop 962, St. Andrews Methodist Church has earned all 137 merit badges.
As for the news that girls may soon be allowed to join the Boy Scouts, Nigel is like many 16-year old boys when it comes to girls: bewildered.
“I could not understand what was happening. I was very confused, but it could have some promise.”
The same could be said for Nigel Bailey; a young man with promise.
With all of the controversy among the media regarding Christian Ponder's ability to do the job as Vikings quarterback, new offensive coordinator Norv Turner was asked his opinion of the 2011 first-round draft pick.
“The hard thing in this league is you can be playing good and doing a lot of good things and at that position, if you have a negative play or a sack, fumble or interception, a play like that at the wrong time, it takes away all of the good things you've done,” Turner said. “I've been impressed with Christian and the things he does in terms of his movement. He moves extremely well on the run. He's made a lot of big plays. The starting point with any quarterback to me is eliminating those [bad] plays. That would be one of our starting points.”
Turner was asked if he believes an offense can succeed without an elite QB.
“The guys I have been around that are so-called franchise quarterbacks, weren't considered franchise quarterbacks until they started winning,” Turner said. “You have to get a guy in that everyone believes in and you start out and put good people around him and find out how far you can go.
“But you know I was with Brad Johnson in Washington and we went to the playoffs, won the division, and people were convinced he couldn't win a Super Bowl and we let him go to Tampa and the next year he won the Super Bowl. So I think you get a really good player and you give him a really good team and you find out how far you can go.”
There has been a lot of speculation that the Vikings need to take a quarterback in the draft this year, maybe even using their first-round pick at No. 8 on the position.
Brad Johnson had a good year for Norv Turner with Washington in 2000 before winning a Super Bowl the following year. Turner, now the Vikings offensive coordinator, pointed to Johnson as an example that a team doesn't need a franchise quarterback to succeed.
“I don't have the answer for questions like that,” Turner said when asked about drafting a quarterback early. “I'm sure [General Manager] Rick [Spielman] and [coach] Mike [Zimmer] have been talking about it a lot.”
He then referenced Russell Wilson's victory for the Seahawks in the Super Bowl, saying: “One thing that has been proven, and all you have to do is go back to Sunday's game, is quarterbacks come from lots of different spots. A third-rounder wins the Super Bowl and there's some pretty good players that weren't drafted high. I think everyone is in agreement that we're trying to add a young quarterback to this organization. You just have to make sure it's a good one wherever you get him.”
Turner also said he believes the most important thing for a QB is getting time to grow.
“No question, it's a tough position and there are some guys that get put in a unique situation and have success right away,” he said. “There's not a lot of them. Most guys it's a process and there are some struggles along the way to becoming the player they want to become.”
Judging from this conversation, you get the impression that Turner is at least willing to give Ponder an opportunity to see if he can do the job for the Vikings.
Taylor disappointed
Owner Glen Taylor said he expected a lot more victories from his Timberwolves when the season started.
“I'm disappointed. My expectations were that we would have a better record at this particular time,” Taylor said. “We've all seen that we've just lost way too many close games, and that's disappointing that we can't finish off games.”
The 98-91 loss at New Orleans on Friday was another game where the Wolves had a large fourth-quarter lead only to lose.
“We've had times when we've just played terrifically and also in games where we've had quarters that we played really just almost like perfect, and then we just have had our troubles in the fourth quarter,” Taylor said.
No doubt the loss of Nikola Pekovic has hurt. They are 2-4 without the center.
“We were just playing better here and then he has been improving all year long, that has been a positive, and for him to end up with a sore foot and missing games will hurt us for a little while,” Taylor said.
Taylor also talked about the remodeling of Target Center. “I think that is moving along on time,” he said, adding that the Wolves and Lynx will sign a lease through 2032 once the remodeling is set. “Now that we have the approvals, I think it's just a matter of us working with the architect and agreeing with the city on what things will be changed and the priority.”
And Taylor is very excited about moving the Wolves and Lynx offices and practice facilities to a basketball building in Block E, as well as the fact that the deal will include a partnership with Mayo Clinic. In fact, the Block E space will be called the Mayo Building once the remodeling is done.
Sid's Jottings
• Rarely does our state have even one player perform in the McDonald's All-American Game, the premier high school basketball all-star game in the country. However, this year's game will have three from the Twin Cities: Apple Valley's Tyus Jones will play for the East and DeLaSalle's Reid Travis and former Cooper athlete Rashad Vaughn are on the West. Travis has committed to Stanford and Jones to Duke. Vaughn will announce his college choice this week, although unfortunately the Gophers are not being considered.
• Gophers coach Richard Pitino had 6-10 Senegal-born Abdoulaye Gueye, who is playing in Alabama, and Dujuan Piper of Seattle at the Indiana game on Saturday. Piper has offers from a number of schools, including Southern California, Washington and Washington State. Gueye has offers from Auburn, Texas Tech, Memphis and Tennessee.
• Sunday, the third-ranked Gophers wrestling team faces No. 1 Penn State at the Sports Pavilion. Coach J Robinson believes that if the Gophers win this match, they might have a good chance to win the national title and rank with the best teams Robinson has coached in his 28 years here.
• Minneapolis/St. Paul Business Journal reported that Vikings tackle Matt Kalil has been granted the Pieology Pizzeria franchise for the whole state of Minnesota and plans to make this area his home year-round with his involvement in the operation of several restaurants.
• Justin Morneau is going back to wearing No. 33 with Colorado, even though the number is retired for Larry Walker. Morneau's boyhood idol, Walker gave the former Twins star permission to wear it.
• Tommy Hannon, who played basketball at St. Thomas and is a St. Paul native, has signed a one-year contract with the Goldfield Giants, a semiprofessional squad in Kalgoorlie-Boulder, Australia.
Nicole Carty was one of two people convicted today for lying down in the sidewalk in April.
When seven people lay down in the sidewalk across from the New York Stock Exchange in April, holding up signs, they thought they were acting within their rights.
A ruling by Judge James Burke today suggests that they were wrong. Burke found two of the protesters guilty of two counts each of disorderly conduct for blocking the sidewalk and disobeying a police order to disperse.
Prosecutors say the guilty ruling was necessary to maintain order and safety. Occupy Wall Street protesters see it as one more nail in the coffin of the right to protest in public in New York City.
Some context: Last spring, Occupy Wall Street protesters were increasingly frustrated by what they considered the arbitrary and constantly changing actions of police. Evicted from their camp in Zuccotti Park, they were finding it increasingly difficult to gather in public without running into trouble with the cops.
When some tried to meet in Union Square, which had historically been open all night, hundreds of officers were deployed to garrison new barricades closing the park to the public every night.
Another group, relying on a 2000 federal ruling in Metropolitan Council v. Safir, which held that lying in the sidewalk is legal so long as it's part of a political protest and doesn't block more than half the sidewalk, began “sleepful protests” across from the New York Stock Exchange. Police tolerated that for about a week, then reversed themselves and began arresting the protesters.
Against this backdrop, some occupiers decided to find out just how far the police would go to shut down dissent. They planned a series of actions they called Cardboard Roses, designed to stay within their understanding of the law while taking their message to the heart of the financial district.
“We wanted to create a controlled environment in which people could talk about how Wall Street had affected their lives, right in the center of that power,” says Nicole Carty, a 24-year-old Brown graduate who was one of seven people involved in the action.
On Friday, April 20, Carty drew up a cardboard sign that read “I have two jobs and I still have to chose between groceries and the doctor.” Then she and her fellows, all equipped with signs, walked to the corner of Broad and Wall Streets, across from the stock exchange, and laid down, holding their signs aloft for passers-by to see.
Within minutes, police responded, cordoning off the area with metal barricades. Lt. Frank Viviano then read a statement prepared for him by the NYPD Legal Office: “Anyone who is sitting or lying down must now get up or be subject to being arrested.”
The protesters didn't move, and were arrested. Here's video that shows the demonstration:
The seven protesters were charged with two counts of disorderly conduct: obstruction of pedestrian traffic and refusing to comply with a lawful order of the police to disperse.
In court today, attorney Martin Stolar argued on behalf of Carty and Kareem Youssef that since his clients only took up a fraction of the sidewalk and video showed pedestrians walking past them unimpeded, they were innocent of the first charge. “How can one be found guilty of blocking pedestrian traffic if pedestrians were moving freely?” he asked.
As to the second charge, Stolar argued, there's no obligation to comply with an unlawful police order, and ever since the Safir ruling in 2000, “demonstrators expressing a political message are allowed to be on the sidewalk as long as they're not blocking pedestrian traffic.”
The prosecution argued otherwise. Assistant District Attorney Bill Furber said case law holds you don't have to actually be blocking traffic to be guilty of disorderly conduct — only risking the possibility that you might block traffic.
“Laying down gets you arrested,” Furber said. “That's the law.”
As to disobeying the police order, Furber said, you're only allowed to do that when the order is clearly arbitrary. Since the police had refrained from arresting demonstrators involved in other actions earlier in the afternoon, he argued, their targeted arrests of the sign-holders couldn't be called arbitrary.
“This isn't about thwarting someone's first amendment rights,” Furber concluded. It's about the police officers who did their job that day.”
Judge Burke found the prosecutions arguments persuasive, returning guilty verdicts for both Carty and Youssef within minutes of the closing arguments. He sentenced both to three days of community service, $240 surcharges, and a conditional discharge. If either gets rearrested in the next year, they could face the full sentence their current charges carry: 15 days in jail.
Outside the courtroom after the ruling, Stolar said he intends to appeal the decision. “If this is the standard, it's giving extraordinary leeway to police officers,” he said after the ruling. “Not every police order is lawful.”
Carty said she was disappointed by the ruling.
“At this point, it seems like there's almost no action that we can take that couldn't lead to arrest at the discretion of the police,” she said. If you're an average person and you have a problem with what's going on on Wall Street, what can you do? You can't vote them out. We've seen that you can't bring them to justice through the legal system. Now it looks like you can't even communicate with them directly on the sidewalk.”
The five other protesters arrested April 20 are scheduled for trial in early November.
A group of ambitious skateboarders may be in hot water after they built their own skateboard spot in a very unlikely place. The skaters hauled their own building materials and put the ramp on a tiny island in the middle of Seattle's Green Lake.
It was part of a contest sponsored by Nike that encouraging skateboarders to build their own skate park or an extension onto a skate park and make a video about it. The video shows the group skating on the small ramp that they put island.
Kayak and Canoe instructor Margaret Buzard said she first heard the skateboarding sounds in June and didn't know what to think. “You hear many different things on Green Lake, you're not supposed to hear skateboards” she explained.
The Seattle Parks Department said the skate ramp was not authorized and they would now try to figure out how they would take it apart and get it off the island. The island provides habitat for birds and it might require some rehabilitation.
“They're not supposed to be out there” Buzard explained. “I work with my kids out there and they come out and say can we go out there and I'm like no it's a bird sanctuary.”
On the Nike website, the entry is tied to 35 North, a capitol hill skate shop. Workers there said they weren't involved in building the ramp but felt like there are not enough places in Seattle for skateboarders to ride.
Copyright 2017 KING
Several states are wrestling with one of the key aspects of ObamaCare: keeping premiums low, which the administration wanted to boost enrollment.
But that also meant consumers had fewer providers to choose from, since the doctors needed to be willing to accept lower reimbursements.
Now consumers may find themselves searching more networks for hospitals and doctors than ever before.
"They're going to find that they can't see the doctor they want to see or the hospital they want to go to, because a lot of the best hospitals and the best doctors are not in their network," said John Goodman of the National Center for Policy Analysis.
Bob Rusbuldt, president of the Independent Insurance Agents and Brokers of America, voiced consumer concerns, such as saying "Ok, I can't use this hospital, which is two miles from my house. I have to go 20 miles to another county to another hospital, because mine is not in the network."
That scenario could mean it will be harder to find and get an appointment with a doctor who is in the exchange.
At the same time, with fewer doctors and hospitals and more patients, lines are likely to grow, which many argue means patients could face rationing by waiting – akin to the current situation uncovered at the Veterans Administration.
"We're all in the VA now," said Merrill Matthews of the Institute of Policy Innovation. "The things that are happening in the VA are similar to what are happening, what will happen in ObamaCare."
However, with ObamaCare, unlike the VA, insurance is through private companies.
But for ObamaCare, the government specified a list of required and expensive benefits and enacted more than 20,000 pages of regulations -- all while urging companies to keep down the cost of premiums -- which could lead to more patients than the system can handle.
"So you have rationing by waiting, you have issues of never having the resources that you need to address all the problems," said Matthews.
Rusbuldt added, "there has to be a balance there and we're seeing that balance come out in higher deductibles, higher premiums and, of course, less choice."
Although narrow networks may lead to long waits, they appear to be key to holding down costs.
Bob Laszewski, of Health Policy and Strategy Associates, said the narrow networks are "worth a 25 percent reduction in the premium. So when you go to a narrow network, as a consumer you're giving something up. You're giving up access to doctors and hospitals."
In at least one respect, ObamaCare is more onerous that VA health care because to keep prices down, the less expensive exchange plans also have higher deductibles, something veterans do not face.
Show full PR text
Apple Updates Safari 5
Users Can Add New Features Through Extensions
CUPERTINO, California-July 28, 2010-Apple® today released Safari® 5.0.1, turning on Safari Extensions and introducing the Safari Extensions Gallery. Apple introduced extensions support in Safari 5 in June so developers could begin creating extensions with HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript web standards. With Safari Extensions Gallery, users can quickly find extensions that add powerful new features to Safari, from toolbars that display live web feeds to sophisticated programs that filter web content. Safari 5.0.1 allows users to download and install extensions either from the Safari Extensions Gallery or directly from a developer's site.
"Safari 5 has been a big hit, and user response to the innovative new Safari Reader has been fantastic," said Brian Croll, Apple's vice president of OS X Product Marketing. "We're thrilled to see so many leading developers creating great extensions and think our users are going to love being able to customize Safari."
"Millions of our customers already use Amazon Wish Lists to store items they want to buy for themselves or receive as gifts," said Gianna Puerini, vice president of Worldwide Design and Community at Amazon.com. "With Safari 5, we were able to quickly build the Add to Amazon Wish List extension that lets customers add items from any website to their Amazon Wish List with the click of a button."
"We're excited to continue working closely with Apple to bring visually compelling Bing experiences to Safari," said Jeff Henshaw, general manager of Bing User Experience. "The Bing Extension for Safari brings Bing search intelligence to everyday browsing with Safari. When a user selects text in Safari, Bing instantly recognizes what they might need and pops up helpful, informative tips, from real time maps and driving directions to real time translations to direct web search results."
"Using web standard technologies and Safari's extension builder, we developed an MLB.com extension to give fans another way to consume up-to-the-moment baseball content, including live look-ins to games, right from the Safari toolbar," said Noah Garden, executive vice president, Commerce and Sponsorship at MLB.com.
"Our extension for Safari is a great way for readers to get all of the latest breaking news and all the important stories, blogs and columns they want to see," said Denise Warren, general manager, NYTimes.com at The New York Times Company. "While you browse other sites in Safari, our extension checks for updates and slides in new headlines and thumbnails, so you won't miss a thing."
"Creating our Twitter extension in Safari couldn't have been easier," said Jason Goldman, vice president of Product at Twitter. "By providing features like the ability to tweet about a page and view trending topics, we've created a simple way to deliver relevant, interesting content to people regardless of where they are on the web."
The Safari Extensions Gallery is accessible from the Safari menu or at extensions.apple.com. Users can download and install extensions from the gallery with a single click, and there's no need to restart the browser. Extensions can be automatically updated and are easily managed within Safari. Users can enable or disable individual extensions, or turn off all extensions with one click.
Safari Extensions are built with HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript web standards, and can have all the power and functionality of advanced web applications. Every Safari Extension is signed with a digital certificate from Apple to prevent tampering and to verify that updates to the extension are from the original developer. Safari Extensions are sandboxed, so they can't access information on a user's system or communicate with websites aside from those specified by the developer. For increased stability, Safari Extensions run solely in the browser.
Safari 5 also features Safari Reader, which presents single and multipage articles on the web in a new, scrollable view without distracting content or clutter. The Nitro JavaScript engine runs JavaScript up to 30 percent faster than Safari 4.* Built on the open source WebKit engine developed by Apple, Safari 5 includes more than a dozen powerful new HTML5 features for creating media-rich experiences, like full screen playback and closed captions for HTML5 video.
Pricing & Availability
Safari 5 is available for both macOS® X and Windows as a free download at www.apple.com/safari. Safari 5 for Mac OS X requires Mac OS X Leopard® 10.5.8 or Mac OS X Snow Leopard® 10.6.2 or later. Safari 5 for Windows requires Windows XP SP2, Windows Vista or Windows 7, a minimum 256MB of memory and a system with at least a 500 MHz Intel Pentium processor. Full system requirements and more information on Safari 5 can be found at www.apple.com/safari. The Safari Extensions Gallery is available at extensions.apple.com. The Safari Developer Program is free to join at developer.apple.com/programs/safari.
*Performance will vary based on system configuration, network connection and other factors. All testing conducted by Apple in May 2010 on an iMac® 3.06 GHz Intel Core 2 Duo system running Mac OS X 10.6.3, with 4GB of RAM. JavaScript benchmark based on the SunSpider 0.9.1 JavaScript Performance test.
Apple designs Macs, the best personal computers in the world, along with OS X, iLife, iWork, and professional software. Apple leads the digital music revolution with its iPods and iTunes online store. Apple is reinventing the mobile phone with its revolutionary iPhone and App Store, and has recently introduced its magical iPad which is defining the future of mobile media and computing devices.
The time had come for the national telecom we'll call Communicommco to shed its legacy systems and move into the future. In fact, calling them "legacy systems" is perhaps too charitable – these things were freaking dynasty systems. The dusty green screen terminals and ancient interface were being replaced with a cutting-edge the-future-has-arrived VB6 frontend. There was just one problem: the existing data had to be migrated in somehow.
Having just graduated from college, Joe B. had a lot of free time on his hands. He had a job lined up, but that was six months away, and he was still too wet behind the ears to sell his services as a contractor. After seeing a lot of late-night commercials that made data entry sound pretty lucrative, he decided to try to get a position on Communicommco's migration project.
Joe didn't really know what to expect. He figured that it was a telco, so there would be supergeniuses wandering the halls, discussing cool stuff like 100 gigabit hubometers capable of transfer speeds up to 5 quantumleaps a parsec. In actuality, he was seated with five college-age gentlemen that sat in a zombielike trance in front of their computers, slowly whittling away at reams of paper as they entered the data into the new interface.
Hands On
The six of them fought a battle of attrition against an insurmountable foe; a flow of paper that never seemed to end. Each morning they'd retrieve a big stack of printed customer records, which would represent their work for the day. There was another staff member dedicated to printing, and yet another whose sole task was to staple the records together.
The new VB app they used to enter the data was so crappy that it must have come from the lowest of the low bidders. From craigslist. In the casual encounters section.
No two form elements were aligned on the same axis vertically or horizontally. The tab order was so bizarre and random that Joe had to either use his mouse or remember "ok, five tabs from here, then shift+tab twice, then three tabs" for the thirty-odd controls on the form, or click through with his mouse (making the process much slower than necessary). Sometimes hitting tab wouldn't even appear to highlight a control, perhaps because it was hidden behind another.
Plus the application was buggy. In one case, he was entering a business, say "Papadimoulis & Sons". The application helpfully turned that into "Papadimoulis Sons". That's because & is the escape code to underline the next character (think "&File > E&xit"). They were able to coordinate a fix for this one by adding escaping before the frontend (that is, training the users to type "&&" instead of "&"). Always a good idea to remind users to do the same with single quotes, too.
Joe befriended some team members on the more technical side, and at lunch one day he learned that the old database format was essentially a flatfile text dump. If this was true, Joe couldn't even begin to imagine how this went unnoticed through the whole process of bringing in data entry people when one developer could've hacked something together to import all the data.
Process Automation
Later that day, he sat down with his boss to discuss an alternate strategy. "Garrett, you know you were saying how slow this data entry's going? I'm pretty sure I could just write a quick script that could take the customer info straight out of the old database and dump it into the new one. It'd be a thousand times faster than doing it like this too. Any chance I could talk to someone about that?"
Garrett thought for a moment, before leaning forward in his chair to respond. "They wouldn't go for it. They've only just spent all this money on the new front end, and besides, we've got the person printing out the old record, the person stapling them together, and then the 6 processing people... you'd be putting them all out of a job!"
Garrett leaned back in his chair again and continued. "Besides, we've already spent all the budget for any more changes to the software. We can only spend money on the manual migration."
Joe decided to have a personal "manual migration" away from that company the following day.
With Hillary Clinton almost assuredly running for president in 2016, Monica Lewinsky‘s Vanity Fair piece today set off a lot of people's conspiratorial alarm bells, with some suspicion anti-Clinton forces might have been behind it. But on The O'Reilly Factor tonight, Lynne Cheney suggested it might have actually been pushed by Clinton's team themselves.
Guest host Laura Ingraham talked with Cheney about liberal attacks on the Bush administration, and Cheney briefly addressed it before pivoting to Lewinsky's piece and making an observation. She said, “I really wonder if this isn't an effort on the Clintons' part to get that story out of the way. Would Vanity Fair publish anything of Monica Lewinsky that Hillary Clinton wouldn't want in Vanity Fair?”
Cheney pointed out that Rand Paul had been bringing up Monicagate earlier this year and looked like it would be a big issue further on, so, she said, maybe the Clintons are “getting it out of the way” so they can call it “old news” by the time 2016 comes around.
Watch the video below, via Fox News:
[image via screengrab]
— —
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter: @feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
The Xbox app on Windows 10 is a huge deal for gamers and hardcore PC users alike since it allows everyone to take screenshots as well as record video of any past actions on the OS. However, remembering the keyboard shortcuts for these actions can become a headache, not to speak of the way some make you play Twister with your fingers. Well, lo and behold, you can actually change the keyboard shortcuts to your own liking. Here's how.
1. Open up that Xbox app
Type in Xbox in the search bar and it should be the top option. Click it to open the app. 2. Navigate your way to the settings
Once the app is open, look on the left-hand side for a gear or cog and click it to open the settings. 3. Game DVR When in settings, there are two tabs up top; General and Game DVR. Click on Game DVR. This is your one-stop shop for all things that allow you to record gameplay.
4. Changing your keyboard shortcuts Once in the Game DVR tab, you will notice a header titled Keyboard Shortcuts which is exactly what we are looking for. Here, it shows you what the existing keyboard shortcuts are for Open Game bar, Record that, Start/stop recording, Take a screenshot, and show/hide recording timer. I suggest that you try these out so you know exactly what they do and if they're important to you. For the ones that are important to you and that you would like to change the keyboard shortcut for, click the gray area next to it and enter your keyboard shortcut. For example, I know I will only use the middle three options so I'm only going to change those. To make things super easy, I'd change them to something like ctrl + alt + 1 and work my way to 3.
5. The most important step of them all Click SAVE. Otherwise all your precious keyboard shortcuts that you think will work, will not work whatsoever.
Once you've saved your settings, hop on over to the dashboard and test out your new shortcuts. If they work, you should see a nifty little notification stating so.
The six-second “bumper” ads YouTube launched in 2016 have become a core part of its pitch to advertisers, and the super-short pre-roll spots are expected to remain a big point of emphasis during next week's YouTube Brandcast in New York City. Ahead of that event, the video site's owner has shared some details about how well bumper ads have been performing. On Google's Ads blog, a post notes that in 70% of cases, bumpers caused a “significant lift” in awareness of the attached brand.
For Google, “significant” is defined as an average bump of 9%, according to an in-house meta-analysis performed last year. The bumpers performed well in other areas as well. “On ad recall, [bumpers] perform even better,” reads Google's blog post. “Over 9 in 10 drove ad recall globally, with an average lift of over 30%.”
The post also includes testimonials from brands like Under Armour and Busch, which have woven bumpers into recent campaigns. YouTube's Brandcast will surely feature more plaudits from the site's most dependable partners as a way to woo additional advertisers to the platform.
YouTube has also made sure to remind potential advertisers of the creative potential bumpers offer. Its most notable initiative in that area came around the time of SXSW, when it challenged brands to retell classic works of literature in just six seconds. The one pictured above condenses Hamlet, as does the one embedded below.
Given all the reasons YouTube loves its bumpers, it should not be surprising that the video site is phasing out its unskippable 30-second ads in favorite of those that are short in runtime but big in impact. We expect to hear YouTube shower more praise upon its six-second spots when its execs take the Brandcast stage during NewFronts at 6 PM EST on Thursday, May 4th.
Atheists are more accepting of trans people than every other Christian group.
Researchers have discovered that religion has a major impact when it comes to the fact people's gender identity sometimes does not correspond with the sex they were assigned at birth.
The majority of Christians in the US (63%) say a man or woman is determined by their sex.
That number goes up to 84% when it comes to white evangelicals.
7 in 10 atheists accept trans people exist
However when it comes to atheist or agnostic people, 71% accept trans people exist.
Hermant Metha, the ‘friendly atheist' writing for Patheos, said: ‘[Saying] only 29% of us reject the idea that someone can be transgender is nothing to celebrate.
‘The number should be much, much lower.
‘To be in that group means categorically denying everything trans people have ever said about their gender.
‘It also means falling into the trap of saying people choose to be a man or a woman. That sentiment was wrong when it came to gays and lesbians and their sexual orientations, and it's wrong now when talking about gender identity.'
How many people personally know someone who's trans?
Pew Research also found how many people who say they personally know someone who's transgender.
It found 50% of atheists/agnostics know a trans person, compared to only 25% of white evangelicals who say the same.
Metha continued: ‘We have a long way to go before being trans is accepted by society, rather than dismissed as some sort of mental illness, but I have no doubt that these numbers will move in the right direction in the years to come.'
Image copyright AFP Image caption MEP David McAllister is a special representative of Chancellor Merkel
A top German politician has warned that UK Prime Minister David Cameron's call for a four-year delay before EU migrants can claim certain UK welfare benefits is "highly problematic".
David McAllister, adviser to Chancellor Angela Merkel on the negotiations with the UK, said some of the UK's other EU reform proposals looked achievable.
But the benefits limit risks violating EU non-discrimination rules, he said.
The UK is to hold an in/out referendum on EU membership by the end of 2017.
Restricting the rights of EU workers in the UK, such as tax credits, is an especially thorny issue. Poland in particular - with a large diaspora working in the UK - has voiced strong opposition.
Freedom of movement for EU workers is a core value of the 28-nation bloc, and national restrictions can be challenged in the European Court of Justice (ECJ).
Mr McAllister said the four-year qualification period for British in-work benefits, such as tax credits, was the trickiest part of the reform package put forward by Mr Cameron.
And "we cannot have quotas for EU workers", he stressed.
But he said there was understanding in Germany regarding UK concerns about abuse of the benefits system by some migrants.
The son of a British civil servant who was based in Berlin, Mr McAllister is an MEP for Mrs Merkel's conservative Christian Democrats (CDU). He was speaking in London, as a guest of the Association of European Journalists.
'Fighting like mad'
Reducing the incentives for EU migrants to move to the UK is seen as a way to cut immigration - something that Mr Cameron has pledged to do.
Image caption Mr Cameron says he wants the UK to stay in a reformed EU
In the year to March 2015, net migration to the UK reached an all-time high of 330,000, of whom 183,000 were EU citizens.
Speaking in Bulgaria on Friday, Mr Cameron said changing the way the EU operated was "hard, it takes time".
"I expect us to have a full discussion in December but it is going to take longer to get the deal that Britain wants, that Britain needs," he said.
"I want to get the substance right before we hold our referendum and I am fighting like mad to get that done."
EU leaders will meet on 17-18 December, but their discussions are expected to focus on Europe's migrant crisis and terrorism threat.
European Council President Donald Tusk said the summit "should pave the way for a deal in February" for the UK. He said he would be writing to all EU leaders on Monday with his assessment of Britain's proposals.
Besides the restrictions on EU migrants' benefits Mr Cameron's other key demands are:
Protection of the single market for Britain and other non-euro countries
Boosting competitiveness by setting a target for the reduction of the "burden" of red tape
Exempting Britain from "ever-closer union" and bolstering national parliaments
UK's EU referendum in-depth
Image copyright Getty Images
Q&A: What Britain wants from Europe
Guide to the UK's planned in-out EU referendum
BBC News EU referendum special report
Today's topic is the following rule from the Ruby Style Guide:
Favor the use of Array#join over the fairly cryptic Array#* with a string argument.
Array#join and Array#* (with a string argument) behave exactly the same:
%w(Bruce Wayne) . join ( ' ' ) # => "Bruce Wayne" %w(Bruce Wayne) * ' ' # => "Bruce Wayne"
So, considering they both do the same thing why should you opt to use join instead of * ? Here are a few reasons:
* behaves totally differently when passed an integer argument:
[ 1 2 ] * 3 # => [1 2 1 2 1 2]
Personally, I'd expect this to be only behavior of such an operator method and find the alternative one (with a string argument) to be pretty much counter-intuitive.
It's not always clear what * means without additional context. Take a look at this short snippet:
# a and b are variables a * b
Without some knowledge of a and b we cannot be certain what this code is going to do. It's hard even to speculate what the code is going to do. Obviously better variable names would certainly help, but the point still stands.
a.join(b)
While we still cannot be absolutely certain, it's highly likely that a is an Array and b is a String .
* does not carry much of a semantic value in it.
Unlike String#% , Array#* with a string argument carries pretty much no meaning. It's absolutely beyond me how this came into existence. On the other hand the behavior of Array#* with an integer argument is pretty reasonable. Here we see a classic example of the notion that too much operator overloading can be a bad thing, leading to some pretty unreadable code. An operator should be employed only when it's use would add clarity to the code, not take clarity away.
Array#* has one thing going for it, however - the fact that few people know about its use as a substitute for Array#join . I hope they realize that some unknown features are unknown for a reason - because it's bad idea to make use of them.
As usual I'm looking forward to hearing your thoughts here and on Twitter!
NOT Made in America: Top 10 Ways Walmart Destroys US Manufacturing Jobs
UPDATE: Read the Demos study on the retail sector at large and how low wages impact workers and the economy.
Why is it that America no longer makes things the way we used to? Between 1980 and 2011, the United States lost 7 million manufacturing jobs,[i] many of them middle-class positions that enabled workers to support their families with dignity. Today, the nation's largest employer is not a manufacturer, but mega-retailer Walmart – which is celebrating its 50th anniversary this week. Walmart pays its associates just $8.81 an hour on average.[ii] In this economy, a quarter of full-time working-age American adults are not earning enough money to meet their families' economic needs.[iii] While the decline of American industry was caused by a variety of complex factors, the actions of the nation's biggest corporation and largest retailer play an under-estimated role.
As America's biggest company, Walmart wields tremendous market power. Walmart could use this might to help build up the American economy, offering good jobs to its own employees, encouraging contractors to do the same, and helping to strengthen U.S. manufacturing through its relationships with its suppliers. Instead, Walmart has wielded its market power to eliminate good-paying manufacturing jobs and lower labor standards in the retail sector and throughout its entire supply chain. On this Fourth of July, here are 10 ways Walmart has facilitated America's industrial decline:
1. Buying billions of goods that weren't made in America.
The vast majority of merchandise Walmart sells in the U.S. is manufactured abroad. The company searches the world for the cheapest goods possible, and this usually means buying from low-wage factories overseas. Walmart boasts of direct relationships with nearly 20,000 Chinese suppliers,[iv] and purchased $27 billion worth of Chinese-made goods in 2006.[v] According to the Economic Policy Institute, Walmart's trade with China alone eliminated 133,000 U.S. manufacturing jobs between 2001 and 2006 and accounted for 11.2 percent of the nation's total job loss due to trade.[vi] But China is hardly the only source of Walmart goods: the company also imports from Bangladesh, Honduras, Cambodia, and a host of other countries.
2. Pushing U.S. companies to move their factories overseas.
With $419 billion in annual net sales, Walmart's market power is so immense that the even the largest suppliers must comply with its demands for lower and lower prices because they cannot afford to have their goods taken off its shelves. Companies that used to manufacture products in the United States, from Levi's jeans to lockmaker Master Lock, were pressured to shut their U.S. factories and moved manufacturing abroad to meet Walmart's demand for low prices.[vii]
3. Making it easier for other U.S. retailers to buy from foreign factories.
Walmart was a leader in sourcing goods overseas, establishing a centralized purchasing system, technological infrastructure, and linkages to foreign factories that other companies imitated and built on. While researchers find that Walmart still imports disproportionately more goods than other apparel retailers,[viii] its innovations accelerated the use of offshore suppliers by its competitors, speeding the loss of American manufacturing jobs.
4. Forcing layoffs among its U.S. suppliers.
Even when Walmart products are made in the United States, manufacturing jobs still get eliminated as suppliers cut costs to meet Walmart's demands for low prices. A spokesman for the National Knitwear and Sportswear Association noted that producing goods for Walmart “forces domestic manufacturers to compete, often unrealistically, with foreign suppliers who pay their help pennies on the hour.”[ix] A Walmart spokesperson admitted that this was the point of the company's efforts to buy domestic goods: “one of our big objectives was to put the heat on American manufacturers to lower prices.”[x] Even as manufacturing costs increase, Walmart demands that suppliers' prices go even lower, a dynamic that helped push Kraft Foods to plan the closure of 39 factories and lay off 13,500 workers. [xi]
5. Promoting domestic sweatshops.
Layoffs aren't the only way manufacturers contrive to meet the low prices Walmart demands. Walmart's domestic suppliers lower wages, cut benefits, aggressively fight employee efforts to unionize and bargain collectively, and skimp on worker comfort and safety. For example, Louisiana seafood processor C.J.'s Seafood, which sells an estimated 85 percent of its processed crawfish to Walmart, has recently come under scrutiny for allegedly abusing employees working in the U.S. on temporary immigrant visas (known as guestworker visas).[xii] A complaint to the U.S. Department of Labor claims that the Walmart supplier “engaged in extremely coercive employment related actions, including forcing guestworkers to work up to 24-hour shifts with no overtime pay, locking guestworkers in the plant to force them to continue to work, threatening the guestworkers with beatings to make them work faster, and threatening violence against the guestworkers' families in Mexico after workers contacted law enforcement for assistance.”[xiii]
I'm an 81-year-old retired apparel manufacturer. I had five factories, and all of them were here in Texas. I was producing apparel for JC Penney's, Sears, Montgomery Ward's, and a multitude of independent stores, small chains. I had a business and I built it up to $50 million a year, which was a pretty good size back in the 60's, 70's and 80s. When I started my companies, I said we're going to do everything possible to make conditions as good as possible and wages as good as possible. Not out of the goodness of our heart, but I believed if we treat people right and pay reasonable wages and have good working conditions that we'll have good, productive workers. And it worked for us. I hired the best engineering firms in the country to come in and make my plants the most modern plants in my industry: productive, efficient. I'm out there competing with the rest of the manufacturers in this country—I probably had a thousand competitors. But we had the best, most efficient plants, I could be priced efficiently. Walmart would squeeze you so much on prices that you couldn't do these things and remain manufacturing in this country. I was president of the Southwestern Apparel Manufacturers Association. There was a meeting sometime between 1985 and 1990. Walmart had contacted our organization and asked if they could meet with us at our beautiful Apparel Mart we had here in Dallas, which has now been razed, because all the independent merchants don't exist that used to come to it. Two people from Walmart came down and they said they were going to be sourcing goods from overseas and we would have to meet those prices for consumer products and to get ready for it—we are going to be sourcing the world. Walmart was the only company that came out and said this. It was sort of shocking: I was selling them some merchandise at the time. On the back of their trucks it was saying “Bring it Back to America!” They had the big “keep it in America” program going at that time on the big signs in the stores. Meanwhile when I reminded the buyer of that, she told me, “that is just for domestic consumption, we're going to buy at the cheapest we can anywhere on earth.” I could see that if you're going to be a player in the apparel industry you're going to have to sell Walmart: they were just too big a user. Their orders were like telephone numbers— the quantity. You don't negotiate prices with Walmart because they can just tell you what they're going to pay and that's it. You got to make it cheaper than you did last year. People didn't start importing from overseas because they wanted to. They did it because they had to, to survive. Those that didn't join in the club are not around anymore. I could see the handwriting on the wall.
6. Squeezing U.S. manufacturers out of business.
Walmart's unrelenting push for low prices eats into the profit margins of its U.S. suppliers, often weakening companies in the process. Journalist Charles Fishman provides a vivid example: Walmart provided 30 percent of Vlasic Pickles' overall business and insisted that if the company did not allow Walmart to sell a gallon jar of pickles for the ruinously low price of $2.97, they would stop buying Vlasic's other products. “The pickle maker had spent decades convincing consumers that they should pay a premium for its brand. Now Walmart was practically giving them away.”[xiv] According to Fishman, Vlasic's profit margin from pickles shrunk 25 percent or more. Nor is Vlasic alone in seeing its business cannibalized by Walmart: of the top ten companies supplying Walmart in 1994, four sought bankruptcy protection by 2006.[xv]
7. Discouraging American innovation.
By squeezing its suppliers, Walmart leaves companies without the resources to make new investments in research and development. And once companies become dependent on Walmart as a massive purchaser, their greatest incentive is to keep producing the products Walmart has decided to sell, making it unnecessary and unprofitable to innovate.
8. Driving competitors to squeeze manufacturing.
If discount retailers like Target and Kmart want to remain competitive with Walmart, they must demand similarly low prices from suppliers. As a result, the pressures pushing down costs and propelling the elimination of American manufacturing jobs are magnified.
9. Lobbying for policies that make it easier to move U.S. jobs overseas.
According to the non-profit Center for Responsive Politics, Walmart spent $7.8 million on lobbying in 2011 alone.[xvi] While this money was paid to influence a range of legislation, from promoting corporate tax cuts to opposing a bill to guarantee paid sick time to working people, trade policy was among the issues Walmart lobbied on most aggressively. In fact, Walmart has lobbied to make it easier to push American jobs out of the country for years, playing a key role in in lobbying for NAFTA in the early 1990s.[xvii]
10. Making growing inequality the accepted norm
Walmart has set the template for today's economy: one in which increased economic productivity is not shared with working people, and the vast inequality that this creates is seen as normal. Today the six members of the Walton family who inherited the Walmart fortune enjoy wealth equal to that of the least-wealthy 30 percent of Americans combined.[xviii] These billionaires are the ultimate beneficiaries of Walmart's push to cut costs, condemning retail employees to work in poverty and American factory workers to unemployment.
Walmart is the nation's largest employer and one of America's most profitable companies, netting $15.7 billion in profits in 2011.[xix] With the great resources at its disposal, Walmart could afford to take the high road, supporting good manufacturing jobs in America by allowing for higher wages and more investment in its supply chain and paying its own employees – from retail “associates” to warehouse workers and cleaning contractors – a living wage. That would set the template for a new American economy, one in which Americans might once again “make things” and also find greater dignity and stability in selling them.
[i] Demos calculations based on data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics. [ii] John Nichiols, “Supreme Court Decides That Walmart's a 'Too-Big-for-Justice' Corporation,” The Nation, June 20, 2011. Citing independent market research group, IBIS World. [iii] “Living Below the Line,” Wide Opportunities for Women (2011). http://www.wowonline.org/documents/WOWUSBESTLivingBelowtheLine2011.pdf [iv] “Walmart China Factsheet,” Walmart Corporation, http://www.wal-martchina.com/english/walmart/index.htm. [v] Nelson Lichtenstein, The Retail Revolution: How Wal-Mart Created a Brave New World of Business. Metropolitan Books: 2009. p 159. [vi] Robert E. Scott, “The Wal-Mart Effect,” Economic Policy Institute, 2007.http://www.epi.org/publication/ib235/. [vii] For an account of this history, see: Charles Fishman, “The Wal-Mart You Don't Know,” Fast Company, December 1st, 2003, http://www.fastcompany.com/magazine/77/walmart.html [viii] Emek Basker and Pham Hoang Van, “Wal-Mart as Catalyst to U.S.-China Trade,” working paper, Department of Economics, University of Missouri, Columbia, MO, 2007. http://economics.missouri.edu/working-papers/2007/WP0710_basker.pdf. [ix] Nelson Lichtenstein, The Retail Revolution: How Wal-Mart Created a Brave New World of Business. Metropolitan Books: 2009. p 158. [x] Nelson Lichtenstein, The Retail Revolution: How Wal-Mart Created a Brave New World of Business. Metropolitan Books: 2009. p 157. [xi] Barry Lynn, “Breaking the chain: The antitrust case against Wal-Mart,” Harper's Magazine, July 2006. http://www.harpers.org/archive/2006/07/0081115. [xii] Richard Rainey, “Striking guest workers from Breaux Bridge crawfish plant protest Sam's Club in Metairie,” Times-Picayune. June 06, 2012. http://www.nola.com/business/index.ssf/2012/06/striking_guest_workers_from_br.html [xiii] Jennifer J. Rosenbaum, “Complaint To The Wage And Hour Division: Violations of The Fair Labor Standards Act And H-2B Regulations By CJL Enterprises, Inc. Dba CJ's Seafood and Michael Leblanc,” National Guestworker Alliance, June 2012. http://www.guestworkeralliance.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/CJL_DOL-complaint.pdf [xiv] Charles Fishman, “The Wal-Mart You Don't Know,” Fast Company, December 1st, 2003, http://www.fastcompany.com/magazine/77/walmart.html [xv] Barry Lynn, “Breaking the chain: The antitrust case against Wal-Mart,” Harper's Magazine, July 2006, http://www.harpers.org/archive/2006/07/0081115. [xvi] “Lobbying: Wal-Mart Stores Summary 2011,” Center for Responsive Politics, http://www.opensecrets.org/lobby/clientsum.php?id=D000000367&year=2011. [xvii] Bethany Moreton, To Serve God and Wal-Mart: The Making of Christian Free Enterprise. Harvard University Press: 2009. [xviii] Sylvia Allegretto, “The few, the proud, the very rich;” The Berkley Blog, UC Berkley, December 5th, 2011, http://blogs.berkeley.edu/2011/12/05/the-few-the-proud-the-very-rich/. [xix] See CNN's Fortune 500 list http://money.cnn.com/magazines/fortune/fortune500/2012/snapshots/2255.html
Tesla Motors Inc.'s inability to roll out its new Model X quickly led to a big cut in J.P. Morgan's estimate for fourth-quarter earnings, and the carmaker's stock dropped to its lowest price in months Monday.
Tesla TSLA, -0.30% declined 3.1% to $196.38, the lowest closing price since April 2015. The move came after J.P. Morgan auto analysts chopped estimates for Tesla's profit by more than half because the company did not sell as many of its newest cars as the analysts expected.
“We estimate that the slower than expected ramp in Model X vehicle production will pressure gross margin,” analysts Ryan Brinkman and Samik Chatterjee wrote.
Tesla Chief Executive Elon Musk showed off the first Model X units delivered to customers at the end of the third quarter, after the second electric car fully designed and manufactured by the company suffered a string of delays.Tesla recently sued a manufacturer that was supposed to make the car's signature “falcon wing” doors, an indication that the flashy rear doors were a major reason for the delays.
Earlier this month, Tesla detailed its fourth-quarter deliveries, which included barely more than 200 Model X cars. The company seemed to take a cautious early approach to the Model X release, reportedly keeping early deliveries near to its Palo Alto, Calif., headquarters to ensure a quick response to any problems after the carmaker was dinged for a series of issues by Consumer Reports.
J.P. Morgan analysts had predicted Tesla would deliver 4,000 Model X cars in the quarter, though the shortfall was almost filled with greater-than-expected deliveries of the company's previous offering, the Model S. In total, Tesla missed J.P. Morgan's deliveries estimate by less than 500 cars, but the concerns about effects on gross margin led the analysts to decrease their quarterly earnings estimate from 26 cents a share to 10 cents.
J.P. Morgan maintained its $180 price target on Tesla stock, far below the average analyst price target of $276.41, according to a FactSet average of 19 analysts surveyed. The revised earnigns estimate is also below consensus analyst projections, which call for an adjusted profit of 17 cents a share on sales of $1.84 billion, according to FactSet.
Tesla announced Monday afternoon that it will release earnings for the fourth quarter and full year after the market closes on Feb. 10.
I drafted and sewed the jacket myself, including the patches. All other clothing items (shirt, tie, pants, gloves and boots) were purchased.
I made both the bonesaw and medipack myself, primarily out of foamcore. The gas bottle on the medipack is a 2l Coke bottle that was paper-mâchéd, and attached with spare bits of balsa wood. The rest of the detailing on the medipack were various pieces of plastic and garden tubing.
Estimated cost of the costume: ~$90-100AUD, most expensive item being the boots ($50)
Estimate time to make the costume: 5 weeks, mostly due to procrastination. The medipack alone took 3-4 days of solid work, as it was the first time I'd ever worked with foamcore.
Firsts for this costume:
First non-Japanese cosplay
First cosplay of a game I've not played
First time working with foamcore
First prop made in over 2 years (bonesaw - last prop I'd made before this was Mirelle's staff in 2005, I think)
First cosplay with a major prop component
First professional studio shoot
Photo credit: Neil Creek
Rest of shoot: Neil Creek's Gallery
HI2U, Reddit!Team Fortress 2 - RED Medic with Bonesaw, Studio Shoot with Elias Lopez and Neil Creek About a month ago, I received an exclusive invitation from two of my favourite cosplay photographers to do a full-day studio shoot with them! Of course, Medic was my first choice to bring... though not a small part of that decision was that it required the least amount of repair to bring back up to snuff. After eGames, part of the valve and the hose broke off the medipack, and the bonesaw was looking a bit worn and tattered. Nothing that a hot glue gun wouldn't fix, anyway.Medic was also my first costume shot during the day, since he required the least amount of makeup. The only thing I wasn't 100% happy about was my hair (I'd already packed the good comb, and didn't want to dig it out), and how the jacket kept riding up (nothing I can do about that). I considered binding properly, but decided not to, since the other costumes I chose to bring on the day wouldn't need it.
Follow the staff of an insurance company, specialising in products to protect defenseless bystanders from the collateral damage of Superheroes and Supervillains. – IMDB
Powerless, starring Vanessa Hudges as Emily Locke, Alan Tudyk as Van Wayne (Firefly, Conman), Christina Kirk as Jackie, Ron Funches as Ron, Danny Pudi (Community), and Atlin Mitchell as Crimson Fox is set in the DC multiverse.
Emily Locke is a brand-new employee of Wayne Security, run by Van Wayne at the behest of Bruce, moving from a quiet “fly over town” (where superheroes never stop) to Charm City. On her first day into work riding the train, Jack-o-Lantern attacks the city and the train are derailed, only to be stopped by Crimson Fox. An amazing experience for Emily, but an annoying and all too common experience for everyone else on the train. She's the new head of R&D, but everyone appears to lack motivation, it will be up to Emily to make this team successful.
I thought the opening title sequence was pretty clever, showing classic superhero panels and zooming in on citizens in the background. Emphasizing that this show is about the everyday citizen, and not the super-powered people around them. Superman and Batman are explicitly named, so we know they exist in this DC universe, but I imagine we'll never see them. Most of the funny lines were spoiled in the trailer, but there were still a couple of clever things that I hadn't already heard. Danny Pudi delivers his familar deadpan lines, and the other team working for Emily appear to all have something to contribute to the humorous mood.
Overall, I think this might be the nice lighthearted superhero comedy it is trying to be.
Nearly everything about high-energy physics research is big—the thousands of scientists on a single experiment, the miles-long accelerators, the stories-high detectors. Yet “big” doesn't begin to describe the torrent of data that gushes out of high-energy physics experiments every day. Out of sheer necessity, particle physicists are virtuosos at plying vast troves of data into meaningful physics.
Consider CERN's Large Hadron Collider. A year of collisions at a single LHC experiment generates close to 1 million petabytes of raw data. If they kept it all, scientists would be looking at enough data to fill roughly 1 billion good-sized hard drives from a computer retailer.
“You can think about walking into a Best Buy with a big checkbook and saying, 'Give me 10,000 disks,'” says Argonne National Laboratory scientist Tom LeCompte, a collaborator at CERN's ATLAS experiment. “It's expensive, but it's not unimaginable.” But walking in and saying, “Give me a billion disks”? That, he says, would be inconceivable.
Filtering and managing large data sets is of course not exclusive to particle physics. Researchers in all fields of science, government and industry are mapping ever-increasing amounts of information in ever-greater detail. The trend is known as big data.
The work of the experimental science community is to bring those volumes of complex data within the scale of the imaginable.
It's a goal particle physicists have been working on for decades.
In 1930, Ernest O. Lawrence, the father of particle accelerators, built the first hand-held cyclotron to accelerate protons. Each decade since has seen larger and more powerful accelerators that produced heavier and more exotic particles. By colliding speeding particles into stationary targets or into one another and then analyzing the complex byproducts, researchers learn about the structure of the universe and the forces that govern it. As the questions they addressed became more complex, experiments grew and so too did the data—and the behind-the-scenes work needed to make that data manageable.
“You do what you have to do in order to get the physics done,” says physicist Tom Nash, who created Fermilab's Advanced Computing Program in 1981.
At first, that meant tweaking off-the-shelf technology, from the intelligent application of small microprocessors for routing information to the design and construction of computer farms that would accommodate the large data volumes.
By the 1990s, computers for Fermilab's CDF experiment were processing hundreds of terabytes a year—enough to fill thousands of today's highest-storage iPhones and a huge amount of data in the era before Google's ascendancy.
As off-the-shelf technology was rarely up to the task of handling data from the experiments, high-energy physicists developed ways to make the data more manageable. They began recording only a small subset of the particle collisions. They started building their own storage solutions. They came up with new ways to transmit data around the globe. And they learned to share the load among many research institutions and groups.
One of the simplest ways to lessen the load of big data is to make it smaller.
Since the 1950s, high-energy physicists have had to contend with culling data immediately after each particle collision. By the 1970s they had come up with highly sophisticated and automated ways—called triggers—to separate interesting collisions from the more common ones.
For example, at the Large Hadron Collider, where proton bunches collide 20 million times in a single second, only a few out of every 1,000 collisions produce the sought-after physics. So researchers set up a trigger system that examines every particle collision to conclude, based on pre-determined criteria, whether the collision produced particles of interest. If so, the data from that collision continue on to be recorded. If not, they're discarded.
Over the years, physicists have improved trigger systems to the point that they can evaluate all the data from a collision and discard the information they don't need in millionths of a second. At that rapid pace, no unwanted data ever clogs the pipes.
At the LHC—and all modern high-energy physics experiments—three levels of trigger discard, on average, all but 1 in every 100,000 particle interactions in the detector.
“You can't afford to keep it all,” said Vicky White, Fermilab's chief information officer and computing architect for the second run of Tevatron experiments. “Sometimes the success is the data you didn't collect.”
Even after the trigger system filters out the vast majority of data, there's still an awful lot left.
When confronted in the 1990s with the amount of data the Tevatron's Run II was expected to produce, scientists realized they would need 20 times more storage than for the first run. Commercial systems couldn't handle it, so White's team made room for the anticipated data explosion by building a homegrown data storage and caching system. The system automatically sorted the information into data that scientists would dip into often and data that could be stored in a place without regular access. The system cached the vast majority of data on tape—the less expensive option—and sent the slice of oft-needed data to disks, allowing scientists far easier access to it.
They also built pipes to move data around the world. The web that connects the world's information is a complex environment, in which countries and institutions have different networks and plug-ins for moving their own data locally. Data transmitted from an experiment to other regions or to the rest of the world has to move through pipes that are compatible with the networks of everyone who wants to analyze it. So scientists built a multi-network domain that would play nice with the world's variety of networks.
“Big data is no use unless you can move it around,” White says.
With a network that began in the 1980s and grew, Fermilab partnered with other institutions to share data coming out of the collisions. Anyone on this grid could access data and contribute to high-energy physics analyses, no matter where they were located.
The LHC experiments took the concept of grid computing to the next level, building a globe-spanning network of distributed computing.
In short, says Amber Boehnlein, who leads scientific computing at SLAC, “CERN made an integrated, seamless system that allowed them to take advantage of global resources.”
Today the Worldwide LHC Computing Grid comprises some 200,000 processing cores and 150 petabytes of storage distributed across more than 150 computing centers in 36 countries. (Learn more about this distributed system in Deconstruction: big data.)
By sharing the load of storing, distributing and analyzing the LHC's staggering data set, the grid allows each member to focus on only part of the data. This is especially important because once a researcher begins to analyze a piece of raw data to recreate particle collisions, that process creates new data, increasing the size of the entire data set exponentially. It's helpful for this to happen only after the mammoth LHC data set has been chopped up according to collaborators' needs.
The LHC Computing Grid also allows researchers to access LHC data a little closer to home.
“You don't want all the thousands of scientists to pounce on the one data set that's in Geneva,” says Jacek Becla, one of the main designers of the database for the BaBar experiment at SLAC. “It's much better if you have your own subset that interests you in your own machine. It balances the load.”
Particle physicists' need to create, process and share their data around the globe helped turn potentially unyielding data sets into dynamic, high-velocity and widespread information.
High-energy physicists' success at conquering big data is paying off not only for their field, but for astrophysics as well. As they quickly approach the petabyte threshold of data collection, astrophysicists too are beginning to form a federation of research institutions that share the weight of an enormous computing job.
Traditionally, astronomers tended to work in small, separate groups of two or three. This began to change with the Sloan Digital Sky Survey, which in 2008 completed its analysis of one quarter of the night sky. With SDSS, a 200-strong group of scientists at 25 institutions produced 70 terabytes of images of stars and galaxies. Based at Fermilab, SDSS collaboration members built storage systems from scratch. They also quickly figured out how to build and engineer a database of eight years' worth of collected images, one that could be mined endlessly.
In a matter of years, the Large Synoptic Survey Telescope, which will see first light in 2020, will take astronomy into the petabyte range, producing more than 100 petabytes over 10 years. SLAC is building software that will manage all those petabytes of images as well as the database containing trillions of observations of astronomical objects. Many petabytes, including calibrated images, won't be stored forever; it would be far too much to keep. Instead, like particle physicists using data from collisions to reconstruct an event, those accessing the LSST database will process images on the fly based on the stored raw data—raw images of celestial objects.
The LSST group may also adopt the LHC tier system of data distribution to share the load among its 200 collaborators.
“We think it's a good model,” says Becla, who leads the LSST database effort. “It's likely we'll accept it for LSST.”
Particle physicists have conquered the collection of big data, the management of complex data and the global distribution of data. Now, together with particle astrophysicists, they're working on the next step: data democratization.
The CMS experiment at the LHC is organizing its petabytes of data into several tiers of access so almost anyone with an inkling of what to look for can do his or her own analysis.
“One of our goals is to make sure that anybody with a good idea, independent of the resources of a university or lab, has access to the data,” says Lothar Bauerdick, the US CMS computing and software manager.
This mission is similar to that of SDSS and nearly all US space missions. Users download 10 terabytes from the SDSS every month. SLAC's Instrument Science Operations Center delivers processed data from the Fermi Gamma-ray Space Telescope to NASA's Fermi Science Support Center, which then makes the data available to the public mere hours after it's collected.
“It pays to be open and work in collaboration,” says Fermilab's Brian Yanny, who oversees the SDSS database. “A wider audience will find new ways of getting more out of your data than you had ever imagined.”
The proliferation of information will always push at the limits of our imaginations. But as particle physicists and astrophysicists together work to make data more open, computing technologies more capable and science communities more connected, collaborators become more adept at bringing their gargantuan data sets down to earth—to something accessible, manageable and imaginable.
Once they manage that, scientists can then interpret the data, giving it physical meaning. The 0s and 1s become answers to pressing questions about the universe—new understandings, new parts of the universe to imagine. Big data becomes knowledge.
“The people who are successful at big data are the ones who don't get overwhelmed by it. They're managing the data—the data's not managing them,” says Rob Roser, head of Fermilab's Scientific Computing Division. “By managing, interrogating and interpreting it, we come to understand the subtle nuances of how this universe works.”
I live in Stockholm, Sweden. A hundred years ago, one of the largest employers in the city was a company named Stockholm Ice. Their business was as straightforward as it was necessary: help keep perishable food edible for longer by distributing cold in a portable format.
They would cut up large blocks of ice from the frozen lakes in the winter, store them on sawdust in huge barns, cut the blocks into smaller chunks and sell it in the streets. People would buy the ice and keep it with food in special cupboards, so the food would be in cold storage.
(This is why some senior citizens still refer to refrigerators as “ice boxes“.)
When households in Stockholm were electrified in the first half of the last century, these distributors of cold were made obsolete. After all, what they distributed was the ability to keep food cold, and everybody could suddenly do that themselves.
This was a fairly rapid process in the cities. With the availability of the refrigerator from circa 1920, most households had their own refrigerator by the end of the 1930s. One of the city's largest employers — distributors of cold — had been made totally obsolete by technical development.
There were many personal tragedies in this era as the icemen lost their breadwinning capacity and needed to retrain to get new jobs in a completely new field. The iceman profession had often been tough to begin with, and seeing your industry disintegrate in real-time didn't make it any easier.
But here are a few things that didn't happen as the ice distribution industry became obsolete:
No refrigerator owner was sued for making their own cold and ignoring the existing corporate cold distribution chains.
No laws were proposed that would make electricity companies liable in court if the electricity they provided was used in a way that destroyed icemen's jobs.
Nobody demanded a monthly refrigerator fee from refrigerator owners that would go to the Icemen's Union.
No lavishly expensive expert panels were held in total consensus about how necessary icemen were for the entire economy.
Rather, the distribution monopoly became obsolete, was ignored, and the economy as a whole benefited by the resulting decentralization.
We're now seeing a repeat of this scenario, but where the distribution industry — the copyright industry — has the audacity to stand up and demand special laws and say that the economy will collapse without their unnecessary services. But we learn from history, every time, that it is good when an industry becomes obsolete. That means we have learned something important — to do things in a more efficient way. New skills and trades always appear in its wake.
The copyright industry tells us, again and again and again, that if they can't have their obsolete distribution monopoly enshrined into law with ever-increasing penalties for ignoring it, that no culture will be produced at all. As we have seen, equally time and again, this is hogwash.
What might be true is that the copyright industry can't produce music to the tune of one million US dollars per track. But you can't motivate monopoly legislation based on your costs, when others are doing the same thing for much less — practically zero. There has never been as much music available as now, just because all of us love to create. It's not something we do because of money, it's because of who we are. We have always created.
What about movies, then? Hundred-million productions? There are examples of garage-produced movies (and one even has beat Casablanca to become the most-seen movie of all time in its native country). But it may be true that the argument is somewhat stronger with the blockbuster-type cinema productions.
I'm going out on a limb here and say, that even if it is true that movies can't be made the same way with the Internet and our civil liberties both in existence, then maybe it's just the natural progression of culture.
I spend quite a bit of time with teenagers through my work with the Pirate Party. One thing that strikes me is that they don't watch movies, at least nowhere near the quantity I did when I was a teenager. Just like I threw out my TV set 15 years ago, maybe this is just the natural progression of culture. Nobody would be surprised if we moved from monologue-style culture to dialogue- and conversation-type culture at this point in history.
After all, we have previously had operettes, ballets, and concerts as the high points of culture in the past. Even radio theaters (and famous ones). Nobody is particularly concerned that those expressions have had their peak and that society has moved on to new expressions of culture. There is no inherent value in writing today's forms of culture into law and preventing the changes we've always had.
Everywhere I look, I see that the copyright monopolies need to be cut down to allow society to move on from today's stranglehold on culture and knowledge. Teenagers today typically don't even see the problem — they take sharing in the connected world so totally for granted, that they discard any signals to the contrary as “old-world nonsense”.
And they certainly don't ask for a refrigerator fee.
— — —
Rick Falkvinge is a regular columnist on TorrentFreak, sharing his thoughts every other week. He is the founder of the Swedish Pirate Party, a whisky aficionado, and a low-altitude motorcycle pilot. His blog at http://falkvinge.net focuses on information policy.
Follow Rick Falkvinge on Twitter as @Falkvinge and on Facebook as /rickfalkvinge.
Hello, I'm Ben Steele, one of the creators of Deliriant. It's a visually beautiful slice of the 1970s that takes a subtle approach to the exploration of serious topics like abuse, coping mechanisms, and familial relationships. Today we're announcing our upcoming launch on May 23, and would like to use this opportunity to reflect on our journey through school that has led to one of the first student-made games to successfully self-publish on PS4.
We're a diverse team of 12 students working from the Entertainment Arts and Engineering graduate program at the University of Utah, one of the top academic game design programs. We are given relative autonomy in regards to the development, ownership, and publication of our own work, but it's a bit of a double-edged sword. Where most student games are able to focus their efforts on pure development, we took on a lot more of the process you might see out of a professional studio, like creating our own dev business (Manic Interactive) and self publishing on our favorite console while still trying to do something experimental; a huge creative benefit of student games.
Going to school for a game development degree can, in some ways, be a risky decision. Games are a talent-packed, intensely competitive industry of entertainment. People are so passionate about making games! Meanwhile, our budget was $20 that each team member generously donated in order to pay the fee to register our company and make a website.
So how to stand out? The people, for one. That same passion that drives the video game industry is stamped into the essence of every member of our team. Our ambitions weren't necessarily focused on school as much as success in our field. In large part, that's possible due to the freedom our school afforded us.
It's that autonomy that led us to the decision that our small game needed to be something kind of different. I'm hesitant to even call it a game in the traditional sense. More of an experience. We began with the idea of “gaslighting,” a subtle form of psychological manipulation in which one person uses the other person's reliance on their relationship to make them doubt their perceptions and reality. Inspired by the emotional power of Fullbright's Gone Home, the beautiful non-traditional presentation of TGC's Journey, and influence from the original Myst, we combined this theme of psychological abuse with our own developed concept of nontraditional storytelling.
What emerged is an experiment in empathy. A victim of intense suffering cannot get over their trauma because their mind re-lives that event again and again, keeping it inescapably cemented in their thoughts. So what if your own home — every room, every object, every person who lives there — was the very prison of obligation that trapped you within your suffering? How would you escape? Could you?
With Deliriant, we ask the player for some reflection. When trauma is shared with you, you experience some fraction of it yourself, and that creates understanding. We're definitely offering something out of the box and asking a lot of the player, but my greatest hope is that someone's perspective will be positively impacted by our game. That by itself would be success.
Thank you for reading, and we can't wait to see all of you on May 23!
Aries Mar 21 - Apr 20 Maybe you are right but perhaps you need to put your views across more subtly. If you try to force your beliefs on others, read more
Taurus Apr 21 - May 20 You do have an uncanny knack of knowing where to put your energy for the best results. Though you can be a real law unto read more
Gemini May 21 - Jun 21 You want to be accepted by people who are on the way up. Partly this comes from a desire to skim the surface rather than read more
Cancer Jun 22 - Jul 23 You will find it much easier than usual to focus on tiny details and the broad sweep of any project. But you may overload read more
Leo Jul 24 - Aug 23 Your social self-confidence is soaring. Your relationships with loved ones will be tolerant. You adore looking important, read more
Virgo Aug 24 - Sep 23 At home, you should find more of a sense of peace where there recently has been tension. You have a sense that outer achievements read more
Libra Sep 24 - Oct 22 You seem to know a little about many things but not too much in depth about anything. Your versatility will astonish even read more
Scorpio Oct 23 - Nov 22 You should be attracting money, security and the better things of life. Accumulating possessions is important to your sense read more
Sagittarius Nov 23 - Dec 22 Overconfidence could lead you to overstretch yourself since you assume your guardian angel will be around to pull you out read more
Capricorn Dec 23 - Jan 20 You won't always be able to trust what your hunches tell you. You could lose sight of vital details because you're so read more
Aquarius Jan 21 - Feb 19 You will be unusually confident about the long term and optimistic where planning is concerned. But do double-check that read more
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The explosion was filmed by London Fire Brigade, whose crews were on standby in case anything went wrong
A film stunt that saw a London bus blown up was larger than expected, transport bosses have said.
People involved in the 7 July London bombings said the sight of the bus exploding as it crossed Lambeth Bridge on Sunday was "insensitive".
Transport for London said it gave permission for road closures but were starting a review as the blast was bigger than indicated by filmmakers.
The bus scene features in forthcoming Jackie Chan movie, The Foreigner.
David Videcette, a former counter-terrorism officer who investigated the 7/7 attacks, which included 12 people being killed as a double-decker bus was blown up in Tavistock Square, said he first saw Sunday's stunt on social media.
"My initial reaction was of horror and shock, and I thought, 'Oh my god, it's happened again'," he said.
"I understand a letter was sent to residents and there was permission from the council and perhaps the mayor's office, but it was very insensitive not to tell people what was going to happen in advance."
Image copyright PA Image caption Transport for London apologised for any distress caused by the stunt
Footage of the explosion was captured by London Fire Brigade, whose crews were on standby if anything went wrong.
John Taylor, whose 24-year-old daughter Carrie was killed at Aldgate Station on 7/7, also told The Mirror the stunt was "insensitive" and more care should have been taken to inform people about the explosion.
Transport for London's Garrett Emmerson said: "Permission for the road closures for filming on Lambeth Bridge on Sunday was agreed in consultation with a number of partners including the relevant London boroughs.
"The explosion that took place was far larger than the film company had originally indicated.
"We apologise for the distress that this has caused and have launched a review of filming protocols with our partners."
BBC London has approached the film company for a comment.
No matter how you slice it, we live in a world of consumerism, waste and foolish PLM or ‘Product Lifecycle Management'. Back in 2007, Annie Leonard and her friends at Free Range Studios decided to do something about this and create awareness for those of us blind to our own choices and actions. They created a short film called ‘The Story of Stuff‘ which you can watch below. It is just over 20 minutes long and well worth viewing. After you watch it, feel free to continue down the page to read my further thoughts.
If the movie portrays it right, we are on a tread-mill of sorts converting natural resources into ‘stuff' which we consume, toss and acquire more of. And, since our economy depends on the production of more stuff, exponentially, we keep doing this faster and faster, essentially nuking our planet until…? Apocalyptic visions aside, we do consume a lot and many of us essentially burn what the writer of the Book of James calls, “a vapor”of time here on earth on this vicious cycle. Are we ‘getting ahead'? Or just killing time and resources needlessly?
Perhaps it IS impossible to remove ourselves entirely from this cycle of consumption. But, here are a few ways we can slow down the cycle and perhaps elimante a few cogs from the gears:
Reduce the need for disposable plastic “stuff”. Did you ever buy a plastic mixing bowl and a compare it with a stainless steel one? The stainless steel bowl will last indefinitely while the plastic one will slowly become brittle over time and eventually crack, necessitating the purchase of a new one and the tossing of the old. And so, the cycle continues. Don't buy bottled water. Really? Yes. Unconvinced? Watch the story. Just bring your water with you in a reusable, re-washable water bottle. Well, OK in airports, purchasing bottled water is a necessity since security thinks your Eco-friendly water bottle contains explosives and will snatch it from you. Everywhere else, simply pack your H2O-to-go and save some serious coin while you're at it. Buy quality electronics, ignore marketing and watch that recycling. Again, watch the story. Who needs the latest tech? Most times it boils down to a case of need vs want, driving us to endlessly ‘upgrade' while tossing the ‘ancient' three year old devices we once drooled over. Put bluntly, e-waste is a nasty blight on our planet. The problem is, we don't even get to see it since we ship all our waste to the ‘invisible' developing world. But in a global village, those distant locations are actually our back yard. It will come back to bite us. When you do buy electronics, buy quality and buy devices with replaceable components when hardware failure occurs. Finally, when it is time to retire your favorite electronics, take them to a local non-profit recycler who pulls it apart responsibly, re-using the materials for the next innovations in tech.
What have you done to avoid the consumer-driven cycle of ‘Stuff'?
anabol british dispensary
link
Indian Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has claimed that the government of India is yet to recognize Bitcoin as a legal tender in the country as of late November 2017. He did not point out that the recommendations regarding the possible legalization of Bitcoin and other virtual currencies in India are being worked on by the government.
In an interview with the Economic Times, Jaitley said that he has already informed the Indian parliament that The country's central bank, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), has yet to issue any license to operate with digital currencies within its jurisdiction.
"Recommendations are being worked at. The government's position is clear, we do not recognize this as legal currency. .
Efforts to regulate cryptocurrencies in India
The Indian government has been working to regulate the use of virtual currencies in the country for the few
In April 2017, the government established an interdisciplinary committee to assess the possible drafting of regulations covering digital currencies. The RBI, the Department of Financial Services and the Ministry of Revenue.
In October 2017, however, the Indian Supreme Court issued a notice to the RBI and other related agencies to get an answer to the petition filed on the cryptocurrency regulation issue. The original petition expressed the possibility of using cross-border transactions, making them as attractive tools for cybercriminals and tax evaders.
Part of the petition read:
"The lack of any concrete [control] mechanism pending the regulatory framework in said unaccountability and unregulated bitcoin trading and transactions."
Despite the increasing appetite for cryptocurrencies in the country, regulators have not yet decided how to regulate Bitcoin and other virtual currencies. Until then, Bitcoin will be considered a legal tender in India. In a previous report, a chief economist predicts that it will not become legal in India
Ok this is really one PC request I got...
It was on the same dark night that Abraham Lincoln was shot that Colonel Zed McPhee was embraced by a Nosferatu elder with an aching loneliness and foul temper. Zed McPhee's introduction to the world of vampires was swift and cruel, soon enough he was feeling a dead sire and a blood hunt for the open spaces of the American West. He moved as quickly as he could, feeding off other travelers when he could and occasionally sating himself on the blood of animals. His only companion for that long journey was a mule named Elmo. To keep the beast going he mixed his vitae with its feed making a first a ghoul then a kindred of it in a desperate attempt to keep moving. At night he would meld with the earth dragging the panicked undead beast down into the deep dark with him. Soon enough exhaustion and madness left Zed in the throes of torpor when he awoke years later he found himself alone in a world that had passed him by. Zed McPhee traveled on this his destiny. Who knows what became of him? All I know is I want to play Elmo the mule as my character...
30 Jaw-Dropping Photos of Mount Rainier
Falling in love with Mount Rainier is easy. Just one glimpse and you understand how millions have become enchanted by the mountain's splendor.
We scoured the web for spectacular images of the gorgeous Mt. Rainier in Washington State. After gazing at these breathtaking photographs, we think you'll be ready to pack up the car and join us at the mountain.
Aerial Photos of Mount Rainier
1. View of beautiful Mount Rainier on a flight to Seattle by Partha Chowdhury
2. Mount Rainier photographed by an Expedition 15 crew member on the International Space Station by NASA's Marshall Space Flight Station.
3. Aerial of downtown Seattle and Mount Rainier at sunset, 2000 by Seattle Municipal Archives.
Photos of Mount Rainier Meadows
4. In the meadows of Sunrise by Aaron Eakin
5. Mt. Rainier at sunset by Andy Porter.
6. End of the day by Dan Mihai.
7. Wildflowers in the meadow by Mount Rainier National Park.
8. From Skyline Trail by Pedalhead'71.
9. Just above the Paradise Visitor Center by Ray Palmer.
10. First light by Aaron Eakin.
11. Mazama Ridge by David Irons Jr.
Photos of Mount Rainier's Extreme Weather
12. Lightning over Mount Rainier by Kevin Bacher.
13. Storm's a-brewing at Mount Rainier by Steve.
Photos of Mount Rainier and Water
11. White River by Thomas Franta.
14. Reflection Lake by Chung Hu.
15. Sunrise at Mount Rainier Tarn by Chip Phillips.
16. Wildflowers by the Water by Kevin McNeal.
17. Edith Creek at Paradise by Bob Noble.
18. Cool Summer Flow by Pedalhead'71.
19. Reflection Lake by Mark Zealor.
20. Gorgeous stream in meadow by Anupam_ts.
21. Rainier sunset over lake by Ben Grey.
Photos of Mount Rainier from Seattle
22. Seattle, My Valentine by Aaron Eakin.
23. Mountain over the city by Stephan.
24. Kerry Park skyline featuring Mount Rainier by Carl Larson.
25. Seattle sunset by Dan Mihai.
Mount Rainier Black and White Photos
26. Mount Rainier Lenticular Landscape by Troy Mason.
27. House in Rainier meadow (undated) by simpleinsomnia.
28. Vista Point by Shawn Semmler.
Photos of Mount Rainier in Winter
29. Tipsoo in winter by Andrew E. Larsen.
30. Mount Rainier National Park winter sunset by Mount Rainier National Park.
Adding fire to the raging 'Bharat Mata Ki Jai' controversy, yoga guru Ramdev has said that but for the rule of law he would have "beheaded" lakhs of people for refusing to chant the slogan, drawing sharp condemnation today from opposition parties.
Slamming the call for "violent action and public intimidation", Congress spokesman Sanjay Jha said Prime Minister Narendra Modi must take action against Ramdev while CPI-M general secretary Sitaram Yechury said it was a "deliberate diversionary tactic" to take the attention away from the problems faced by people, especially the farmers.
Ramdev's outburst came against the backdrop of AIMIM chief Asaduddin Owaisi's recent remarks that he will not chant 'Bharat Mata ki Jai' even if a knife is put to his throat.
"Koi aadmi topi pehan kar ke khada ho jaata hai, bolta Bharat Mata Ki Jai nahi bolunga, chahe meri gardan kaat do. Arrey is desh mein kanoon hai, nahi toh teri ek ki kya, hum toh lakhon ki gardan kaat sakte hain (Some person wearing a cap stands up and says that he will not say Bharat Mata Ki Jai even if you decapitate him. Look, there is rule of law in this country, otherwise let alone one, we can behead lakhs," Ramdev said in a veiled attack on Owaisi but he did not name anyone.
He also said that there is a rule of law and he respects the Constitution of this country.
"Hum is desh ke kanoon aur samvidhan ka samman karte hain, nahi toh koi Bharat Mata ka apmaan kare, ek nahi, hum hazaron, lakhon ke sheesh kalam karne ka samarth rakhte hain (We respect this country's law and the Constitution, otherwise if anybody disrespects Bharat Mata, we have the capability of beheading not one but thousands and lakhs," he said.
Chanting 'Bharat Mata Ki Jai' is an affirmation of citizens' faith in their country, their motherland and if a religion preached otherwise, it was against national interest, he said.
"If any religion prohibits chanting of Bharat Mata Ki Jai it is against national interest," Ramdev said addressing a 'Sadbhavna Sammelan' in Rohtak yesterday, holding that the chant is about the motherland and not any religion.
Chanting the slogan is not worship of any religion, the yoga guru said. "It is a matter of national honour, pride, prestige. We may be Hindu, Sikh, Muslim, Christians, but we are Indians first)."
"Narendra Modi needs to tell India what action will he take against both Baba Ramdev and the RSS," Jha tweeted.
"Baba Ramdev's threat to 'cut heads off'...is a call to violent action & public intimidation. Mr Modi, await your action. Now!," he said in another tweet.
CPI-M leader Brinda Karat alleged that the Modi government has given a "virtual license" to Hindutva elements to selectively use slogans which divides the country instead of uniting it.
"Baba Ramdev seems to have alicense to say and do what he likes merely because of his proximity to BJP and RSS," said JD(U) leader Pavan Varma.
Don't expect Donald Trump to make his way to Galifianakis' Funny or Die series.
Zach Galifiankis has two big fall comedies on the horizon — Friday's “Masterminds” and October's “Keeping Up With The Jonses” — and he got a major jump on publicity last week thanks to the blockbuster return of his Funny Or Die web series “Between Two Ferns.” Featuring a memorable appearance by Presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, the episode broke records for the series as it earned more than 30 million views in its first 24 hours. Having Clinton appear on the series was a major get for Galifianakis, and it's forced everyone to ask if Donald Trump may be next in line. If the host is to be believed, then we shouldn't hold our breath.
READ MORE: Presidential Debate 2016: Hollywood Reacts to Trump and Hillary
“No. That doesn't interest me,” Galifianakis recently told the L.A. Times about hosting Trump on “Between Two Ferns.” “He's the kind of guy who likes attention — bad attention or good attention. So you're dealing with a psychosis there that's a little weird. I wouldn't have somebody on that's so mentally challenged. I feel like I'd be taking advantage of him. And you can print that.”
As for how Clinton landed her much publicized guest appearance on the show, director Scott Auckerman revealed that the nominee's team actually reached out to do the show, as opposed to Funny Or Die courting her. Clinton was a fan of Obama's appearance back in 2014 and was eager to film a spot.
“A lot of times with ‘Between Two Ferns' if it's someone in entertainment, their publicist will reach out,” Aukerman told The Daily Beast. “In the case of Obama, the White House reached out, and you never quite know if the person knows that their people are reaching out about it. But in this case, Mrs. Clinton is the one who reached out about doing it, as she was a big fan of the Obama one.”
You can watch Clinton's appearance by clicking here. “Masterminds” opens in theaters this Friday.
Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.
Sign Up: Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.
Intro
There are several demos out there that show obviously scanned models of people or physical objects used in HoloLens applications. I think it was fellow MVP and Dresdener 3D genius René Schulte who first used his bust in a demo or at least went public with it. Unfortunately I have not been able to find very much about the actual process used to do the scanning and get to this result, so I have been trying to kludge together a procedure to make a full color 3d scan of a physical object – myself – and show it in a HoloLens.
Shopping list
For this you will need the following hardware:
And the following software:
Setting up the hardware
The Kinect adapter, when you remove it from the box, seems to be quite an intricate contraption of two boxes and three wires, one of them permanently connected to one of the boxes. That box – I'll call it box #1 - is about the size of a package of cigarettes, and is the power supply. There is a wire with a mains plug that needs to be connected to this box. The other wire – that is permanently attached to box # 1– has a round plug on the other side.That plug goes into box #2 (the one without fixed wire). It's about the size of an overly thick Mars bar. Now we have one wire unaccounted for – one with a weird squarish plug on one side, and a USB-3 plug on the other side. The squarish part also goes into box #2, next to the round plug coming from the power supply. Now there's only one hole unaccounted for - on the other side box #1 is another hole – that's where you need to connect the actual Kinect 2.
Plug in the mains connected to box #1, and connect the USB plug coming from box #2 to your computer's USB3.0 port. This will start the installation of a couple of drivers, and I seem to recall it also automatically installed the 3D Scan app that you also can find in the store here.
Downloading additional software
If the 3D scan app did not install automatically, you will need to install it from the Windows Store. Also, download and install CloudCompare. Finally download the shader. That's a zip file – we will need that later in the process. So store that in your downloads folder and unblock it.
The actual scanning
The 3D Scanning app is actually rather straightforward. You can set a few options, and I noticed that you have to fiddle a lot with the settings to get the effect you want. A higher scan resolution gives a lower depth, for instance. Also, Kinect sometimes just loses track of the object it tries to track. What you do have to make sure is that there is plenty of light and prevent shadows, because although the actual object tracking is done via Kinect's magic sensors, the overlaying of color is using the camera and that just needs light. And move slowly. Very slowly.
I scanned myself sitting on a rotating chair and a 120 seconds settings, rotating very very slowly. For this I used the “Kinect Sensor-stationary” setting. When it's done, it will open the 3D builder app. That usually complains about invalid geometries that need to be fixed. Click the popup, prepare to wait for quite a while, and then finally the 3D object will be ready for the next step
Converting to a format usable for Unity
The annoying thing is that although the 3D builder can save the scanned object as a WaveFront Object (obj) file – that is readable by Unity - it will strip any color from it. So we will need to take an in-between step. To that effect, don't save the file in OBJ but in PLY format. Then start CloudCompare, and open the PLY file in that you just created. Hit file/save as and save the file now as an FBX file. That gives you a number of options – I usually just use FBX binary.
Importing in Unity and showing the colors
When you import this into Unity and drag the scanned object on the canvas, you will soon notice a few things about me
I'm rather large – like statue-of-Roman-emperor-with-overly-inflated-ego large
I seem to hang at a random place at a random angle in the sky, even if position and rotation are 0,0,0
I am … rather pale.
Getting to let me look less like a roman statue uses requires the special shader. Using my standard folder structure, I added a folder “Shaders” and copied the contents of the UnityVC zip file into it. Net result:
Then in your assets folder, go to the folder where you have imported the scanned model into. In my case that's App/Models:
In that you will find a Material ColorMaterial
Select that Material, go into it's properties in the Inspector over on the right and select either “Standard (Vertex Color)” or “Standard Specular (Vertex Color)”
And boom. There I am, in full color color and glory looking like a zombie .
Now to make me appear in front of the HoloLens view and not seem like some giant ancient, balding and grey god of… whatever descending from Heaven, I used the following settings on the scanned Hologram:
And then you get a more or less life-sized floating ghost/zombie/Borg me-like appearance
I had the dubious pleasure of walking around myself, noticing the back part was missing.
Lessons learned
First of all – already mentioned in passing, make sure there is enough light, and prevent shadows. This is harder than it sounds. You will notice scanned Holograms tend to look rather pale when created with insufficient light.
The handheld setting is way harder to use than the stationary setting. Consider placing objects on a rotary platform rather than moving around it with the Kinect
Move or rotate the object you want to scan slowly (or move the Kinect slowly)
You will have to fiddle a lot with settings before you get the result you want
Larger objects (like humans) are way easier to scan than small objects
Make anything you don't want on the scan as black as and non-reflective as possible
Concluding remarks
Unity will complain regularly about an error in the shader in the editor, but it still seems to work fine. Having no clue about shaders and how to write them yet, I tend to ignore it. The resulting project, although containing no code written by me at all, can be found here.
Bearded lady Conchita Wurst has split the Eurovision community into two camps: those who love her drag persona and those who hate her.
The 25-year-old Austrian song contestant has received an outpouring of support from people who believe her drag queen alter ego hits at the vein of what makes the Eurovision Song Contest relevant today, a musical forum for cross-cultural unity and understanding. But Wurst, whose real name is Tom Neuwirth, has also been slammed with some of the contest's harshest ridicule and anti-LGBT (Lesbian Gay Bisexual & Transgender) rhetoric.
Vitaly Milonov, one of the driving forces behind Russia's anti-gay promotional laws, has called her “a sick person” and asked his country to boycott the entire broadcast if Ms. Wurst is allowed to perform. An anti-Wurst Facebook page, with more than 38,000 likes, has also called for her to be excluded from the contest. Ms. Wurst is due to take part in the semi-final on Thursday night to sing for a place in the final on Saturday.
This is it: the only Game of Thrones dream cast you'll ever need.
Hearing the people's cries for more quality Nicolas Cage content, Reddit user CarlosDanger100 Photoshopped Cage's face onto 30 separate Game of Thrones characters — making your day 30 times better than it was before. Nic Cage with Jon Snow's luscious locks? Done. Nic Cage channeling Cersei's judgmental glare? Pour some wine; that's done too. If you're still smarting from that brutal season finale, let these photos take you to a world where no one is dead because everyone is Nicolas Cage. Here's a sampling; you can check out the full collection over at Imgur.
HBO/ Getty
HBO/ Entertainment One
HBO/ Hemdale Film Corporation
HBO/ Getty
Related Stories
•Game of Thrones: Emilia Clarke thinks Jon Snow might return
•Game of Thrones star defends the show's female violence scenes
•Game of Thrones: Lena Headey's nude Walk of Shame body double speaks out
Sen. John McCain John Sidney McCainGOP lobbyists worry Trump lags in K Street fundraising Mark Kelly kicks off Senate bid: ‘A mission to lift up hardworking Arizonans' Gabbard hits back at Meghan McCain after fight over Assad MORE (R-Ariz.) cast the crucial surprise vote that killed Senate Republicans' last-resort ObamaCare repeal bill early Friday morning in a shocking moment that at least temporarily ended the GOP's hopes of eliminating the former president's signature law.
Voting shortly after midnight, McCain — who returned to the Senate on Tuesday after being diagnosed with brain cancer the week before — joined GOP Sens. Susan Collins Susan Margaret CollinsHouse to push back at Trump on border Hillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration MORE (Maine) and Lisa Murkowski Lisa Ann MurkowskiHouse to push back at Trump on border GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration Pence meeting with Senate GOP ahead of vote to block emergency declaration MORE (Alaska) and all Democrats in opposing the measure that would have repealed key parts of ObamaCare.
McCain cast the no vote two days after a dramatic return to the Senate floor during which he called on his colleagues to work together on major issues, which has long been a Senate tradition until the upsurge of partisanship in recent years.
ADVERTISEMENT
The vote cements McCain's status as the Senate's maverick, a role he relished earlier in his career when President George W. Bush occupied the White House.
McCain, who was defeated in the 2008 presidential election that brought Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaWith low birth rate, America needs future migrants 4 ways Hillary looms over the 2020 race Obama goes viral after sporting black bomber jacket with '44' on sleeve at basketball game MORE to power, has emerged this year as one of President Trump's most outspoken critics in Congress.
The two feuded during Trump's presidential campaign; at one point, Trump mocked McCain for being a prisoner of war, saying he liked war heroes who were not captured.
That history simply added to the drama of Friday morning's vote.
The bare-bones healthcare proposal, dubbed the “skinny” repeal because it left untouched big sections of ObamaCare, would have resulted in 16 more a million people being without insurance over a decade, according to the Congressional Budget Office.
The CBO also estimated that it would increase premiums by 20 percent compared to current law.
Given those statistics, there was speculation early in the week about whether McCain would vote with his party given his own health news.
McCain did vote with Republicans to start debate on Tuesday but warned he was opposed to the current version of their repeal-and-replace legislation.
He further warned on Thursday that he did not want the skinny bill to become law and asked for assurances from Speaker Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe's allegations against Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE (R-Wis.) that there would be a conference and that the House would not just pick up the skinny bill and pass it.
Other senators aligned with him seemed reassured by a Ryan statement and backed the skinny bill. But McCain appeared to feel differently with his own vote.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison (Mitch) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy: Climate protesters storm McConnell's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE (R-Ky.) pushed the skinny bill as a backup proposal after Republicans failed to agree on a bigger bill that repealed and replaced the pillars of ObamaCare or on a repeal-only measure that passed both chambers in 2015.
He appeared almost distraught after McCain's surprise vote and seemed close to choking up on the floor after falling short of his promise to repeal ObamaCare.
“This is clearly a disappointing moment,” he said.
“I regret that our efforts were simply not enough this time. Now, I imagine many of our colleagues on the other side are celebrating. Probably pretty happy about all this. But the American people are hurting, and they need relief.”
Many Republican senators, however, did not support the substance of the skinny legislation. They decided to vote for it as a way to prolong the healthcare negotiation by setting up a conference negotiation with the House.
Still, McCain's vote surprised many Republicans, including Sen. Bill Cassidy (La.), who said he thought the Arizona Republican was in favor of the legislation.
Sen. Ron Johnson Ronald (Ron) Harold JohnsonWhite House, GOP defend Trump emergency declaration GOP senator says Republicans didn't control Senate when they held majority GOP senator voices concern about Trump order, hasn't decided whether he'll back it MORE (R-Wis.) told reporters, “I'm shocked at this.”
Vice President Pence was spotted lobbying McCain on the Senate floor shortly before the crucial vote. He also worked on Collins while other GOP leaders focused on Murkowski.
But those efforts fell short.
Senate Republican Conference Chairman John Thune John Randolph ThunePolls: Hiking estate tax less popular than taxing mega wealth, income Will Trump sign the border deal? Here's what we know Key GOP senator pitches Trump: Funding deal a 'down payment' on wall MORE (R-S.D.) said McCain was wrestling with the decision all day but in the end would not budge.
“He had made up his mind and I'm not sure there was much that could have been done about it,” he said.
McCain declined to outline his thought process when reporters asked him about his vote.
Whatever he may have thought about, the diagnosis of brain cancer he received from doctors last week hovered over his decision.
None of his colleagues mentioned it explicitly, but many Democrats thought it would be a sad irony if the lawmaker voted for legislation the CBO projected would cause 16 million more people to be without health insurance at a time when he was depending on doctors in his fight against cancer.
In addition, McCain was never a big fan of the Senate healthcare reform effort, which would have cut billions of dollars in Medicaid funding for his home state of Arizona, one of 30 states that expanded enrollment under ObamaCare.
He raised Republican suspicions and Democratic hopes shortly before the vote when he declined to tell reporters how he would vote on the latest idea from the GOP leadership, the skinny repeal.
One Republican leadership source predicted earlier in the day that it had a “nine out of 10” chance of passing.
But McCain's defection became apparent when he began huddling with Democrats on the Senate floor.
He complained earlier this month after Senate GOP leaders left out three Medicaid-related amendments that Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey (R) asked to be included in the bill.
McCain joined Johnson, Cassidy and Sen. Lindsey Graham Lindsey Olin GrahamHouse to push back at Trump on border Trump pressures GOP senators ahead of emergency declaration vote: 'Be strong and smart' This week: Congress, Trump set for showdown on emergency declaration MORE (R-S.C.) at a press conference a few hours before the vote, during which they asked for assurances from House GOP leaders that the skinny bill would be revised substantially in a conference negotiation with the House.
Ryan tried to provide some assurance by telling senators that he was willing to work with them, but a Ryan spokesperson earlier in the day described a conference negotiation as an “option” but not a certainty.
“If moving forward requires a conference committee, that is something the House is willing to do,” Ryan said in a statement.
But McCain told reporters that pledge did not go far enough.
“I would like to have the kind of assurances he did not provide,” he said.
Updated at 7:12 a.m. Jordain Carney, Rachel Roubein and Peter Sullivan contributed.
Cranbrook Schools is a private, PK–12 preparatory school located on a 319-acre (129 ha) campus in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan. The schools comprise a co-educational elementary school, a middle school with separate schools for boys and girls, and a co-educational high school with boarding facilities. Cranbrook Schools is part of the Cranbrook Educational Community (CEC), which includes the Cranbrook Institute of Science, the Cranbrook Academy of Art, and Cranbrook House and Gardens. (Nearby Christ Church Cranbrook remains outside this formal structure.) The Cranbrook community was established by publishing mogul George Booth, who bought the site of today's Cranbrook community in 1904. Cranbrook was designated a National Historic Landmark on June 29, 1989 for its significant architecture and design. It attracts tourists from around the world.[1][2] Approximately 40 acres (160,000 m2) of Cranbrook Schools' campus are gardens.
As of 2015, Cranbrook Schools had an endowment of $233 million, among the fifteen largest held by America's boarding schools.[3] In addition, the Cranbrook Educational Community, of which the Schools are a member, has an endowment in excess of $300 million.[4]
History of Cranbrook Schools [ edit ]
The Quad in the Cranbrook Campus
In 1915, George and Ellen Booth opened a portion of their property to the general public with the construction of a small Greek Theatre. In 1918, the Booths built the Meeting House, which became the Bloomfield Hills School, opening for local children in 1922 (grades 1–12).
Subsequently, the Booths decided to build a middle school and a college preparatory school. Cranbrook School for Boys, which began operations in 1927, was designed by world-renowned Finnish architect Eliel Saarinen. Completed in 1928, it was Saarinen's first executed architectural work in the United States.[5] The name "Cranbrook" was chosen since Cranbrook, England was the birthplace of George Booth's father. Kingswood School Cranbrook (for girls), also designed by Saarinen, opened in 1931. Cranbrook and Kingswood enrolled students from grades 7–12. The Bloomfield Hills School became an elementary school and was renamed Brookside School Cranbrook in 1930.
Unlike the Cranbrook School for Boys, which has several buildings, the Kingswood School has only one building, which includes supporting facilities. It houses dormitories, a dining hall, an auditorium, classrooms, lounge/common areas, a bowling alley, and a ballroom. The education at Kingswood School Cranbrook was initially primarily viewed as a "finishing school".
For the Booths and Saarinen, the conception and design of the Cranbrook and Kingswood schools were greatly influenced by the Arts and Crafts Movement, which began in 19th-century England.[6]
In 1923, Booth founded an Episcopal church to serve the nascent Cranbrook community, as well as surrounding communities. He chose the firm of Goodhue Associates to design the church. Groundbreaking took place in 1925, and Christ Church Cranbrook was consecrated on September 29, 1928.[7] Originally Cranbrook and Kingswood schools were affiliated with the Episcopal Church, but they have since secularized. However, special occasions are still celebrated at Christ Church Cranbrook.
Cranbrook School, Kingswood School, and Brookside School operated separately until 1970, when it was decided to govern them together. This was followed by the creation of the Cranbrook Educational Community. In 1985, Cranbrook and Kingswood schools were merged to create a co-educational upper school institution.
The middle school did not become co-educational; it was divided into gender-specific campuses in 1984. The Community acquired Vaughan School to house the boys' middle school. The basement of Kingswood was at one point the girls' middle school. A new Middle School building opened in 2010. For boys and girls of grades 6–8, all classes are separate. The exceptions are those for the performing arts (Symphonic Band, Orchestra, and Choir). English, religion, and history classes are taught separately to boys and girls through the 10th grade.
Architecture critic Paul Goldberger of The New York Times called the Cranbrook campus "one of the greatest campuses ever created anywhere".[8][9]
Cranbrook Schools today [ edit ]
In 1985, Cranbrook School and Kingswood School were merged to create a coeducational upper school, the Cranbrook Kingswood Upper School. While the majority of the classes are coeducational, Conceptual Physics and 9th and 10th grade English and History classes are taught separately to gender for educational purposes. Classes are taught on both the original Cranbrook and Kingswood campuses.
Frequently, the school is referred to as "CK" by its students, faculty, and alumni. Cranbrook Kingswood now lays claim to 70 athletic teams, which have recently[when?] won state championships in hockey, tennis, lacrosse, golf and swimming. As of 2011, there were 795 students, approximately 1/3 of which are boarding students who live in single-sex residence halls. Cranbrook Kingswood accepts slightly fewer than half of all applicants, placing it in the most selective 25% of preparatory schools in the United States.[10]
Several programs offered at Cranbrook have won awards and recognition. The student newspaper The Crane-Clarion has been recognized by the Columbia Scholastic Press Association and the National Scholastic Press Association.[11] In 2009, the Upper School's student literary arts magazine, Gallimaufry, received a Gold Crown award from the Columbia Scholastic Press Association.[12] The robotics and forensics team have also won several state and national awards. Their Model United Nations team has also been placed in the top 75 in North America as of Spring 2012.[13]
Total enrollment at Cranbrook during 2007–08 was 1626, with 780 enrolled in the upper school, 333 in the middle schools, and 513 at the lower school Brookside. (Brookside's numbers include children enrolled in pre-kindergarten, junior kindergarten, and kindergarten at the Vlasic Early Childhood Center, which opened in 1996.)[14] Approximately 11% of Cranbrook Kingswood's students are international students. Traditionally, Cranbrook School also has an exchange program with Cranbrook School, Kent, a boarding school in Cranbrook, Kent, England in honor of George Booth's heritage.
Summer programs [ edit ]
During the summer months Cranbrook Schools conducts a variety of day and boarding programs on their campus. These include day camps, a soccer clinic, a filmmaking seminar, a compensatory educational program for students from low-income families, a jazz ensemble, ice hockey, lacrosse, and tennis camps as well as the Summer Arts Institute and the Cranbrook Theater School. The actor Robert Englund taught one summer at the theater school.[15]
Iconography [ edit ]
The Archer, the symbol of Cranbrook school, is based on an episode in Book V (Latin) of the Aeneid, by Virgil, line 519:
...tamen aerias telum contendit in auras... ...he aimed an arrow high into the breezes of the air...
In an archery contest, a bird is tethered to a cord, and there are four archers. The first three in turn miss, then hit the bird, while the fourth, Acestes, instead shoots his arrow into the air, where it bursts into flames. For this miracle, Acestes is declared the victor.
The design was chosen by William Oliver Stevens, the first headmaster of Cranbrook School, who sketched it. The actual logo was designed by Eero Saarinen.[16]
Traditions [ edit ]
Although Cranbrook School for Boys and Kingswood School Cranbrook merged in 1985 to become a single co-ed institution, the school reflects in many ways its history as separate, single-sex entities. (Alumni and alumnae who were enrolled prior to the merger consider themselves graduates of either Cranbrook or Kingswood.) Cranbrook Kingswood Upper School has two different hymns: The Cranbrook Song and the Kingswood Song, which are sung at many school events. Only the boys are invited to attend the Cranbrook Senior Pageant. Freshmen year science, and Freshmen and Sophomore English and history are single-sex, and boys and girls have separate graduation ceremonies (although they do share in the same Baccalaureate service).
Since 1971 sophomores have taken part in the Wilderness Expedition , a 10-day backpacking and wilderness camping trip in March that takes place in the Smoky Mountains along the North Carolina-Tennessee border
, a 10-day backpacking and wilderness camping trip in March that takes place in the Smoky Mountains along the North Carolina-Tennessee border Junior leadership ceremonies to celebrate the transition of the juniors to the senior class: A Junior Ring ceremony for girls and the Passage of Leadership ceremony for boys is held at Christ Church Cranbrook
for girls and the for boys is held at Christ Church Cranbrook Cranbrook Kingswood Upper School maintains a relatively strict dress code: Jeans and sweatpants are not allowed on any day and on Wednesday (the so-called Dress Day) boys have to wear a dress shirt with a tie and girls have to wear dresses or dressy tops with skirts.
A convocation ceremony is held at the opening of the school year.
Popular references [ edit ]
Notable alumni [ edit ]
Cranbrook has many notable alumni, including designer Florence Knoll, former U.S. Senator Alan K. Simpson, Heisman Trophy winner Pete Dawkins, Pentagon Papers whistleblower Daniel Ellsberg, Utah Senator and 2012 Presidential candidate Mitt Romney and his wife Ann Romney (née Davies), columnist Michael Kinsley, Sun Microsystems founder Scott McNealy, co-founder of Pandora Radio Tim Westergren, former professional soccer player Alexi Lalas, Big Bang Theory Producer Bill Prady, actress and Tony award winner Renée Elise Goldsberry and actress Selma Blair.
Notable faculty include George Laskowski, whose science fiction fanzine Lan's Lantern won a Hugo Award for Best Fanzine.
Athletics [ edit ]
Hockey-B State Champions: 1979, 1983, 1985, 1986, 1987, 1988, 1991, 1997, 2000, 2001, 2004, 2006, 2007, 2009, 2010, 2013, 2015 [20] Hockey-G State Champions: 1998, 2002, 2005, 2010, 2013 [21] Lacrosse-B State Champions: 1980, 1981, 1982, 1984, 1987, 1991, 1995, 2006, 2013, 2015 [22] Lacrosse-G State Champions: 2017, 2018 [23] Midwest Champions: 2009 Tennis-B State Champions: 1972, 1973, 1980, 1981, 1982, 1983, 1984, 1985, 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 2008, 2010, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018[24] Tennis-G State Champions: 1979, 1980, 1981, 1982, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1999, 2004, 2008, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015 [25] Golf-B State Champions: 1980, 1997, 1999, 2012, 2014 [26] Golf-G State Champions: 2001, 2006 [27] Track and Field-B State Champions: 1966, 1972 [28] Swimming & Diving-B State Champions: 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017 [29] Swimming & Diving-G State Champions: 2011, 2012, 2017 [30]
Gallery [ edit ]
Cranbrook Campus impression (3)
Dining Hall
Natatorium
Hallway to Keppel Gymnasium
Kingswood School Building
Eponymously engraved archway
Dining Hall
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Breakfast. It's the most important meal of the day. It's what fuels us for those long boring hours in the office or school. But sometimes, it's just too hard to get up at 5AM and cook yourself breakfast, eat it thoroughly, enjoy it, clean the dishes, and then go to work. No, the average household is more like (well if lucky), slather some type of jam on to a burned piece of toast, grab flask of coffee while putting on coat, and sprinting out of the house. Sadly this is the reality. However, this is a recipe that can be used for those times when you don't have to barge your way to work or gulp a bowl of cereal before school. These recipes are for those wintry Saturday mornings where you can create wonderful memories with your children together. It's a simple breakfast: pancakes and eggs. But it's enough to make it a breakfast of champions for you and your loved ones.
In a rare post-election speech, Hillary Clinton blamed FBI Director James Comey and Russian President Vladimir Putin for her loss.
“Swing-state voters made their decisions in the final days breaking against me because of the FBI letter from Director Comey,” Clinton said to donors Thursday night, the New York Times reports, referring to Comey's announcement 11 days before the election that the agency would be examining additional emails related to her use of a private email server while she was Secretary of State.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
On Russia, Clinton said the nation wanted to “undermine our democracy” and that Putin has a “personal beef” with her because she said the 2011 Russian parliamentary elections were rigged.
“Putin publicly blamed me for the outpouring of outrage by his own people, and that is the direct line between what he said back then and what he did in this election,” she said.
Clinton's comments came as President Barack Obama vowed to “take action” against Russia for its suspected attempts to interfere in the U.S. election. President-elect Donald Trump and his team have pushed back on the accusations against Russia, saying the focus on pre-election hacks are an attempt to undermine Trump.
Write to Tessa Berenson at tessa.berenson@time.com.
The best selling spy book on Amazon.com isn't some thriller from Tom Clancy or Ian Flemming. It's an electronic edition of the Senate's report on the CIA's brutal interrogation program, the so-called torture report.
The report, released Tuesday, costs $2.99 on Amazon (AMZN) for a Kindle edition.
Overall, it ranks 2,640 in the Kindle bookstore and is the best seller in Amazon's "intelligence & espionage" section.
The grisly report beats out other non-fiction books in the section, such as the No. 2 book, Pay Any Price, written by Pulitzer Prize winner James Risen, as well as works of fiction, such the new Kindle edition of "The Diamond Smugglers," a 1957 book by James Bond author Flemming.
Related: Torture report reveals CIA spent $300 million
That's despite the fact that there are free electronic versions of the report available from numerous sites, including CNN and the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, which prepared and released the 499-page report.
For those who don't want electronic versions, publisher Melville House announced Tuesday that it plans a print edition of the book to be in stores on Dec. 30. It did not announce the planned price of the book.
On February 16th Team Dignitas ventured into CSGO by picking up our current All-Danish roster. We've had a relatively stable roster all this time with only Aizy replacing Cajunb, only for Cajunb to return a few months later. However, today we regret to announce that we have decided to say farewell to one of our core members and make another roster change to strengthen our lineup.
Leaving the team is Henrik 'FeTiSh' Christensen, the team captain and also shotcaller of the team. The reason for this is that our team has been struggling to improve and fix certain issues for some time and the players all agreed that a big change was necessary to overcome this. The team decided that replacing FeTiSh is the right call to make if they wish to improve their game.
We wish Henrik the best of luck with his future decisions and want to thank him for his time with us, it was a pleasure having him in the team.
Teammate Andreas 'Xyp9x' Højsleth had the following to say:
"It saddens me that we have to let go of Henrik after a great journey with somewhat great results. Over the last 6 months we have been stuck in development, and while we have tried to solve our issues it hasn't been enough. We strive to become the best team, and there is no reason to believe that we don't have the player material to become that.
The team feels that we need a change in our playstyle in order to be a candidate to get to the grand finals. I wish Henrik the best of luck, he is a great person and I'm sure he will succeed in whatever he will do in the future. As for our replacement, we are finalizing things and we will announce him soon."
Keep an eye on team-dignitas.net for announcements regarding our new CSGO player soon.
WHY IT MATTERS
Magee writes at length, but always chooses his words carefully, as he does with phrases like “joint ventures”, ”combining resources” and “learning together while having a blast doing it” rather than "acquisition" and "competition." There's quite a bit of cleverness at work that tends to obscure the business benefits that consumers might be turned off by. You can't really blame the guy, except that he's constantly blaming others for the same thing.
In an interview with the Chicago Tribune, Magee speaks differently and candidly, citing the advantages and importance of “affinities,” local relationships, and “expanding” the market rather than “consolidation,” which is a term he uses to cast a spell over his competitors AB-Inbev, MillerCoors and others who have previously acquired craft breweries and taken a public whipping from Magee for it. In the interview, Magee seems almost resigned to their subsequent success.
Citing the new brewpubs from Goose Island and 10 Barrels as examples of his competitors working the “local” angle around the country, Magee seems compelled to follow in their footsteps as he has in the past — but puts a different spin on it. As much as he derides his largest competitors, he tends to follow their lead often, as he does with his efforts to consolidate distribution and control store shelves and retailers' buying behaviors by creating recommended "shelf sets." But in this case, Magee is nervous about watering down the Lagunitas brand by appearing to do the same things that Goose and 10 Barrel have. So it's through these local brewery acquisitions that Magee hopes to earn local relevance and growth, which positions him in a role more akin to AB-Inbev than Goose Island in his own metaphor.
The “community rooms” are where Magee most attempts to thread the needle on community relevance and business benefits in his language. Having seen the uproar of a 10 Barrel brewpub in San Diego, a tight, discerning beer city if ever there was one, Magee has opted to run non-profit tasting rooms that benefit local charities instead. And while that model has precedence in his existing tasting rooms in Chicago and Petaluma (they both offer charity takeover nights) the real benefits here are for the business. As Magee states in the Tribune interview: “it's a big expense, and there's the risk of not being in the right neighborhood, and the question of whether retailers will rebel because you're invading their territory…we wont even have liquor licenses at them.”
These community rooms will provide a critical brand presence for Lagunitas, enable them to compete directly with San Diego breweries and bars (many of whom will have removed Lagunitas tap handles after the Heineken acquisition), and require almost no investment in the property, licensing, or many other factors that can be handled by the charity partners. In this competition, Lagunitas doesn't even need to turn a profit, but rather, will intentionally, by design, run at a major loss. How someone in San Diego competes with that is beyond me.
“We're just renting the space to make it available. We'll provide the staff and the beer and the room for free.” says Magee. Of course, these are all major business write-offs as Lagunitas works to establish an actual taproom or brewpub in the area down the road after mitigating the risk and monitoring their acceptance in the community.
The language used by Magee is careful not to use terminology that indicates how much of a stake he has invested in each of these operations and what his company stands to get out of it. It's reported that the decision to make these acquisitions was made entirely by Lagunitas without the involvement of its partner Heineken — which is easy to believe considering the relatively low relevance any of these brands could have to the larger partnership. But as we've seen with the AB-Inbev and SAB merger, breweries who thought they made one deal can quickly end up in stranger places.
And then there's Charleston. Like AB buying Rolling Rock and shutting down the plant that an entire town took pride in (an example of AB's evil ways often cited by Magee) Charleston may be disappointed to learn that a local business appears to be having its identity wiped out entirely in favor of a Lagunitas outpost.
Magee says this is just the beginning. What's next?
— Matthew Curtis + Michael Kiser
The top burning and contentious issue of late has been the massive job losses that have been taking place in the IT sector or are anticipated to take place in near future. Recently, a controversy was sparked by an audio clip of Tech Mahindra HR executive that found its way into the public and soon became viral. In this audio clip, the executive is heard saying: “This is a corporate decision. If you read the offer letter carefully, there is a clause that states – the company reserves the right to revoke your services at any moment by paying the basic salary. I can ask you to leave the company today end of the day as per the conditions mentioned on the offer letter, which you duly accepted when you joined Tech Mahindra. Why did you sign the offer letter if you were not in agreement with the termination clause that was clearly mentioned in there?”
It might seem at first glance that the HR's argument, although rude and insensitive, is justifiable. Because the employee agreed to the terms of employment in the offer letter, including the termination clause, out of free will and under no pressure, he/she does not have a case in his/her favour. But is it really so? I find it strange that no one has yet bothered to explore the legal options around this issue.
The government legislation that deals with the termination of employees by firms can be found in the Industrial Dispute Act, 1947 (the “ID Act”). This act deals with the ‘retrenchment' of employees, and the term ‘retrenchment' is defined in section 2(oo) as: ‘retrenchment' means the termination by the employer of the service of a workman for any reason whatsoever, otherwise than as a punishment inflicted by way of disciplinary action, but does not include –
(a) voluntary retirement of the workman or
(b) retirement of the workmen on reaching the age of superannuation if the contract of employment between the employer and the workman concerned contains a stipulation in that behalf; or
(bb) termination of the service of the workman as a result of the non- renewal of the contract of employment between the employer and the workman concerned on its expiry or of such contract being terminated under a stipulation in that behalf contained therein;
(c) termination of the service of a workman on the ground of continued ill-health.”
Simply stated, retrenchment means termination of employment of a “workman” by the employer for any reason other than the ones listed above. Firing for financial reasons, poor performance etc. fall into the definition of ‘retrenchment.'
It is crucial that an employer must carry out ‘retrenchment', as per the regulation is section 25F, ID Act. It states that no workman employed in any industry who has been in continuous service for not less than one year under an employer shall be retrenched by that employer until-
the workman has been given one month' s notice in writing indicating the reasons for retrenchment and the period of notice has expired, or the workman has been paid in lieu of such notice, wages for the period of the notice:
the workman has been paid, at the time of retrenchment, compensation which shall be equivalent to fifteen days' average pay for every completed year of continuous service or any part thereof in excess of six months; and
notice in the prescribed manner is served on the appropriate Government or such authority as may be specified by the appropriate Government by notification in the Official Gazette.
The condition given under section 25F(c) states requires the employer to give notice to appropriate government in addition to the other two conditions. What is important to note is that the notice must state the reason for retrenchment of the employee and the notice must be issued as is prescribed in the rules framed under the Act.
Moreover, the employers of industrial units, who have employed one hundred workmen or more on an average per working day for the preceding twelve months are required to comply with additional conditions. Unlike the notice requirements of section 25F, the employer is required under section 25N to make an application along with the reasons of intended retrenchment to the State Government for seeking its prior permission to retrench the employee. The State Government has the discretion to grant or withhold such permission after making enquiries. Hence, a simple termination as per the contract of employment can prove disastrous in the event the termination is challenged.
The definition of the term ‘workman' is central to the ID Act because only a ‘workman' is protected under this act. Section 2(s) defines workman as any person (including an apprentice) employed in any industry to do any manual, unskilled, skilled, technical, operational, clerical or supervisory work, for hire or reward, terms of employment be express or implied and includes any such person who has been dismissed, discharged or retrenched in connection with, or as a consequence of dispute. It excludes persons:
who is subject to the Air Force Act, 1950 (45 of 1950), or the Army Act, 1950 (46 of 1950), or the Navy Act, 1957 (62 of 1957); or who is employed in the police service or as an officer or other employee of a prison; or who is employed mainly in a managerial or administrative capacity; or who, being employed in a supervisory capacity, draws wages exceeding INR 10,000 per month or exercises, either by the nature of the duties attached to the office or by reason of the powers vested in him, function mainly of a managerial nature.
The employer might try to invoke point (4) arguing that since the employee is drawing more than INR 10,000 per month in wages, he/she does not qualify as a workman, and hence is excluded from the purview of the ID Act. However, as stated in the act, only those people in managerial or supervisory roles and drawing more than INR 10,000 per month are to be excluded. All technical employees, irrespective of their income, qualify as a workman. Hence, most of the IT technical staff who have spent over one year in the company qualify as ‘workman' and cannot be dismissed without taking prior permission from the state government. Even if permission is granted, retrenchment must be carried out on the principle of “first-in-last-out.”
It is hhardlythe case that a state will give permission to an industrial unit of a firm to retrench employees. The ‘offer letter', which the HR executive is referring to in the leaked audio clip, has no legal binding whatsoever. In most cases, the employers prey on the fears and ignorance of their staff members. They will usually ask the employee for resignation first, stating that non-compliance will lead to firing. Believing that “being-fired” will be a stain on their CV most of the employees concur to avoid jeopardising their career. If one can overcome this fear or has secure backup, he/she should rest assured that his/her employment cannot be LEGALLY revoked by the firm.
Advertisements
At least 14 people were arrested at a free speech rally in Portland, Oregon after anarchist antifascists (or “antifa”) showed up to counter-protest, resulting in violent clashes between the two groups.
The pro-Trump free speech rally was a pre-planned conservative event in Portland. It featured Kyle Chapman, aka “Based Stick Man,” who became internet famous for hitting an antifa protester on the head with a stick.
Antifa is a far-left group committed to fighting what they see as “fascism,” including the fascism of some Trump supporters. Antifa, usually masked and in all black, regularly engages in violence and intimidation against those they disagree with. (RELATED: Berkeley Mayor Publicly Belongs To Violent Leftist Group)
Antifa, other anti-Trump protesters and Trump supporters clashed in Portland's Chapman Square, and Portland police were reportedly attacked by the anti-Trump protesters:
Bricks, motors, and other projectiles are continuing to be thrown at officers in Chapman Square. — Portland Police (@PortlandPolice) June 4, 2017
Fourteen people were arrested, KOIN6 reports.
One reporter at the scene tweeted videos of flash bangs being used by police to disperse a crowd:
Tasting some sort of gas, hearing apparent flash-bang grenades. pic.twitter.com/dNZtsGLN4F — Jim Ryan (@Jimryan015) June 4, 2017
Breaking 911 reported that an antifa member may have been on the roof with “bags of bricks,” but were stopped by police before they could attack others:
#BREAKING: ‘Antifa' Attack Foiled By Police In Portland, Unidentified Suspects on Rooftop Had Bags of Brickshttps://t.co/0QNOXmYaXS pic.twitter.com/Km0wUQI1sF — Breaking911 (@Breaking911) June 5, 2017
Recently, Portland was the site of a horrific crime after Jeremy Christian allegedly killed two men who intervened after he began yelling anti-Muslim slurs.
Christian is being portrayed by some liberal media outlets as Donald Trump supporter or conservative extremist.
In fact, Christian's Facebook posts indicate he didn't vote for Trump in the 2016 election, and actually posted about supporting Bernie Sanders and Jill Stein, as well as wanting to “reign in the Prison/Military Industrial Complexes.” (RELATED: Portland Killer Is An Anti-Circumcision, Bernie Sanders Supporter)
Follow Justin on Twitter
(RNS) The easy availability of guns did not make 6-year-old Jacob Hall safer. It helped make him dead.
We ought to remember this boy, who was fatally shot at his elementary school in Townville, S.C., just as we ought to remember the brilliantly applicable teaching of Jesus when he famously quipped, “Live by the sword, die by the sword.”
Swap in “gun” for “sword” and you have an apt description of what's happening to us.
The mental and emotional problems of the teenager who shot Jacob last month turned lethal because a gun was available — probably in his household, which was known to keep firearms.
The 14-year-old shooter first used the weapon on his father, leaving him dead at the family home, before driving to Jacob's school and resuming shooting. The teen injured another child and a teacher in addition to firing the fatal shot that struck an artery in Jacob's leg.
When will our culture wake up to the reality that the guns we get to keep us safe only make society — and thus each of our lives — more dangerous?
It's heartening to hear a growing chorus of activist voices, including those connected with churches, clamoring in protest against our insane proliferation of guns. Earlier this month, the venerable Riverside Church in New York hosted 100 clergy and lay people for a two-day “God and Guns” training. The assembled ministers weren't trained how to use guns; they learned how to shoot down the lie that guns are the best way to protect ourselves from … guns.
“Our faith teaches us to support policies and programs that protect life, but instead Christians have been complicit for too long in allowing our country to be guided by the rhetoric of fear,” Riverside's senior minister, the Rev. Amy Butler, said.
Because most of us watch movies, we can picture the scenario conjured by the Second Amendment enthusiasts: You and your family are menaced by a weapon-toting bad man. He is intent on robbing or killing you. But you whip out your gun and turn the table. He flees or, if he does not, you shoot him. You and your gun have saved the day.
Or maybe you come upon a mass shooting in its early stages. Thanks to your gun, you take down the evil shooter and keep the casualty count to, say, two, rather than two dozen.
Fair enough. In situations like these, guns can protect lives. The problem is, these are perfectly framed scenarios that are more the stuff of movies than real life. When we examine the more complex and large-scale realities around the circulation and use of firearms, we can see how our reliance on guns and our commitment to making them widely available contribute dramatically to the widespread violence from which we seek protection.
Take, for instance, the rash of highly publicized cases of police shooting unarmed black men. Officers invariably justify their unnecessary use of lethal force by saying they feared for their life; they thought the suspect had a weapon. Implicit racial bias plays a role. But it stands to reason that the ubiquity of weapons also contributes. Guns are everywhere and easy to get, greatly increasing the likelihood that the person being confronted by an officer might actually be armed.
Just as fear can give a police officer an itchy trigger finger, psychological research shows that fear can make us foolish. It activates the fight-or-flight instinct and shuts down our capacity for calm, rational thinking. Seems like a good explanation for why we continue to rely on guns for safety when the guns are so much a part of why we are not safe.
Fear's cousin, impulsiveness, also leads to the guns in our homes being turned on us, whether by suicide, domestic killing or fatal accidents. This type of violence kills 92 Americans each day on average. A new investigation by The Associated Press and USA Today shows that every other day a minor is killed by accidental shootings in this country.
One would hope that a country so steeped in the Christian tradition would take its cue not from the National Rifle Association and its fear-based pro-gun arguments, but from Jesus. How instructive that when the guards came to arrest him, and one of his entourage prepared to fight, Jesus told the disciple: “Put your sword back in its place, for all who draw the sword will die by the sword.” (Matthew 26: 52)
If we want to be safe from guns, the answer is not more guns. The answer is transformation — the long-overdue, difficult but necessary transformation where we find safety in solutions that are a lot more “surefire” than guns: trust, solidarity and the cultivation of a healthy society in which there is much less of the desperation, anger and dis-ease that fuel violence.
It's a long way from here to there, and sensible measures are needed in the meantime — like the ones voters in several states will consider in next month's elections. Among those proposed laws is the extension of would-be-buyer background checks to far more gun sales than are currently covered.
Let's hope these pass. More important, may we please stop falling for the illusion that the way to keep the wolves at bay is to get our own wolves. They have a nasty habit of turning on us and our communities.
(Tom Krattenmaker is communications director at Yale Divinity School and the author of a new book, “Confessions of a Secular Jesus Follower”)
When Frito Lay describes its Flamin Hot Cheetos as "dangerously cheesy," apparently it's not joking. The addictive snack is landing some overindulgent kids in the ER.
ER doctors say they're seeing kids (and some adults) coming in with gastritis, an inflamed stomach lining and other bad tummy troubles after eating bags of spicy snack foods.
Doctors say these very spicy snacks can change the pH balance in the stomach, making it painfully acidic.
Continue Reading
Dr. Martha Rivera, a pediatrician at White Memorial Medical Center in Los Angeles, told ABC News she sees between five and six cases of children with gastritis daily.
"We have a population who loves to eat the hot spicy, not real foods, and they come in with these real complaints," she said. "[The kids are being] set up for ulcerations, erosions and ... peptic ulcer disease."
Dr. Robert Glatter, an emergency room physician at Lenox Hill Hospital in New York, told ABC that he believes it is the flavoring coating the chips and snacks that might be causing the stomach pH to change, rather than just the spiciness. He said he hasn't seen people coming in doubled over from eating too much spicy salsa, for example.
"I've seen a number of children who eat four or five bags and come in screaming in pain," Glatter told ABC. Not exactly the "unique combination of great taste and good fun" Flamin' Hot Cheetos maker Frito Lay promises.
Some school districts (including L.A. Unified) have actually banned the sale on campuses of Flamin' Hot Cheetos, which have a high fat and sodium content and no nutritional value. (They come in Xxtra Flamin Hot, too.)
It's hard to pin down from the ingredients list what makes Flamin Hot Cheetos so "dangerously" hot. There is onion powder, garlic powder and MSG, but beyond that there is only vague "natural flavor." Natural battery acid, perhaps?
Frito Lay says it is "committed to responsible and ethical practices, which includes not marketing our products to children age 12 and under."
Which is why, of course, every bag of the neon-red treat features a cartoon cheetah wearing cool shades and sneakers and breathing fire.
Glatter recommends that parents keep an eye on their children so they don't eat too many spicy snacks, saying something along the lines of, "Don't eat too much of that or you'll get a stomachache."
"Parents should be aware of this. These products are not healthy and some children seem to become addicted," Glatter told ABC.
For God's sake, stop the kids before they Flamin Hot CheetOD.
Want more Squid Ink? Follow us on Twitter or like us on Facebook , and follow Samantha Bonar at @samanthabonar
As retired Gen. and ex-CIA Director David Petraeus was about to speak in New York City last Oct. 30, someone decided to spare the “great man” from impertinent questions, so ex-CIA analyst Ray McGovern was barred, arrested and brought to trial, prompting McGovern to ask some questions now in an open letter.
Dear Gen. David Petraeus,
As I prepare to appear in New York City Criminal Court on Wednesday facing charges of “criminal trespass” and “resisting arrest,” it struck me that we have something in common besides being former Army officers – and the fact that the charges against me resulted from my trying to attend a speech that you were giving, from which I was barred. As I understand it, you, too, may have to defend yourself in Court someday in the future.
You might call me a dreamer, but I'm not the only one who believes there may be some substance to reports last month that Justice Department prosecutors are pressing to indict you for mishandling classified information by giving it to Paula Broadwell, your mistress/biographer.
No doubt, whatever indiscretions were involved there seemed minor at the time, but unauthorized leaks of this sort – to casual acquaintances – were strongly discouraged in the Army in which I served five decades ago. Remember the old saying: “Loose lips sink ships.” There were also rules in the Universal Code of Military Justice for punishing a married soldier who took up with a mistress, an offense for which many a trooper spent time in the brig.
Yet, I don't imagine there is much sweat on your brow regarding legal consequences for either offense. And you may be correct in assuming that, just as the Army looked the other way about the mistress indiscretion, our timorous Attorney General Eric Holder or his successor will likely do the same on any disclosure of classified information. Some influential members of Congress and various Washington talking heads have already opined that you have suffered enough.
Still, I find myself wondering if it does not bother you to be assigned to the comfortable, “don't-look-back” compartment for excusing one class of violators, including CIA torturers and reckless investment bankers who were “too big (or well-connected) to jail.” I still want to hold out hope for even-handed, blind justice rather than give up completely on the system of justice in our country.
You may not be surprised to know that, try as I might to feel some empathy for you, Schadenfreude at your misfortune is winning out, since I am convinced that you had a lot to do with other far-more-serious offenses, including aiding and abetting illegal “aggressive war.” And, I suspect you also many have aided and abetted the circumstances that gave rise to the bizarre charges against me.
I refer, of course, to my violent arrest, causing pain of my fractured shoulder, and my jailing in The Tombs, simply because I wanted to hear you speak last fall at New York's 92nd Street Y and possibly pose a question from the audience.
Why the Police Alert?
No doubt, your acolytes/adjutants have told you how, despite my ticket for admittance, I was denied entry, brutally arrested by the NYPD, handcuffed behind my back, jailed overnight and arraigned the following day. I'm still trying to figure it all out – including the enigma as to how it became known that I was coming.
“You're not welcome here, Ray,” was the greeting I got from Y security as I came in the outer door. The NYPD was prepositioned and ready to pounce.
Were you, your entourage and the Y authorities afraid that during the Q & A might ask an “impertinent” question of the kind I posed to your patron, promoter and protector, former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld, during a Q & A after he spoke in Atlanta six-plus years ago?
Speaking of Rumsfeld, you and I know him as your partner in some very serious crimes, relating to the illegal invasion of Iraq and the horrific violence that followed as well as the slaughter of so many innocent people in Afghanistan. For over a decade, I have closely observed your behavior and consider it nothing short of a media miracle that most Americans believe your worst sin to be that of adultery.
Since denial can be a very strong motivation, let me refresh your memory and remind you of the bad companions you fell in with. I am reminded of the egregious ways in which you did Rumsfeld's bidding – winning promotions and richly undeserved fame by condoning the unspeakable – torture, for example.
Your third star came when you were dispatched to Iraq in June 2004, committed to carrying out Rumsfeld's instructions to encourage Shia-on-Sunni torture and other human rights crimes. The all-too-predictable chickens are now coming home to roost from that unconscionably stupid attempt to defeat Sunni opponents of the U.S. occupation through such ignoble means – those chickens being what we now call ISIL or ISIS or simply the Islamic State.
What amazes me is that the Teflon is still clinging to you and Rumsfeld, given the bedlam in that entire area today. You're not even held to account for the performance of the tens of thousands of the Iraqi troops that you crowed about having trained and equipped so well. They dropped their weapons and ran away early last year when the ragtag militants of ISIL attacked.
Back in April 2004 when the graphic photos of torture at Abu Ghraib in Iraq were revealed, Rumsfeld claimed he was shocked, even though the International Red Cross had been complaining about abuses there for more than a year before the revelations.
The Senate Armed Services Committee eventually concluded without dissent, in a major investigative report on Dec. 11, 2008, that Rumsfeld bore direct responsibility for the abuses committed by interrogators at Abu Ghraib, Guantanamo and other military prisons.
The Committee added that the abuse of prisoners at Abu Ghraib “was not simply the result of a few soldiers acting on their own” but grew out of interrogation policies approved by Mr. Rumsfeld and other top officials, who “conveyed the message that physical pressures and degradation were appropriate treatment for detainees.”
Four years before the Senate report, in May 2004, Gen. Antonio Taguba came close to revealing precisely that, when he led the Pentagon's first (and only honest) investigation of the abuses at Abu Ghraib. Rumsfeld promptly fired him. Yet, throughout all this scandal and mayhem, you were maneuvering your way up the high-command ladder without any indication that you were objecting to any of this.
Dangerous Orders
Mid-2004 was a significant watershed for torture in another way. Official messages given to WikiLeaks by Pvt. Chelsea (Bradley) Manning show that FRAGO (Fragmentary Order) 242 of June 2004 went into effect the month you arrived in Iraq to oversee its implementation.
The WikiLeaks documents indicate that you followed Rumsfeld's order to encourage Shiite and Kurdish commandos to torture suspected Sunni militants. Examining those documents as well as your actions at the time, investigative reporter Gareth Porter saw that as the deeper significance of FRAGO 242 – significance somehow missed by your ardent admirers in the “mainstream media.”
Porter, too, believes it was part of the larger Rumsfeld/Petraeus strategy to exploit Shia sectarian hatred of Sunnis in order to suppress the Sunni attacks on U.S. forces. But that strategy had some very negative long-term consequences that we are still encountering.
It inflamed Sunni opposition to the U.S. and its puppet government in Baghdad, and gave rise to the massive sectarian warfare of 2006 in which tens of thousands of civilians – mainly Sunnis but many Shiites as well – were killed. The violence was so widespread that U.S. field generals, such as Generals John Abizaid and George Casey, and sensible experts on the region, such as former Secretary of State James Baker, urged a new strategy late that year, essentially minimizing the American footprint in Iraq.
Instead, President George W. Bush enlisted your help in doubling down on the U.S. military presence in 2007 with the so-called “surge,” lest he be forced to concede defeat in Iraq before leaving office. You agreed and sacrificed the lives of almost 1,000 more American troops to secure what one might call an “indecent interval” that let Bush get out of Dodge without an outright loss hung around his neck.
As the growth of ISIL/ISIS and the chaos in the area today have made clear, your famous “surge” did little more than achieve a temporary lull (after a lot more killing). It failed to achieve its most significant stated purpose – to create space for a political resolution of the Sunni-Shiite civil conflict. It did, however, have one very important benefit. The “surge” got you your fourth star.
On the issue of torture, it seems clear that the straight-arrow Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Marine General Peter Pace, did not get the memo for how to rationalize away these disgraceful crimes. For 18 months, he was apparently unaware of FRAGO 242, which became obvious when Pace and Rumsfeld gave widely different answers to a question at a Pentagon press conference on Nov. 29, 2005.
Gen. Peter Pace: It is absolutely the responsibility of every U.S. service member, if they see inhumane treatment being conducted, to intervene, to stop it.
Rumsfeld: But I don't think you mean they have an obligation to physically stop it; it's to report it.
Pace: If they are physically present when inhumane treatment is taking place, Sir, they have an obligation to try to stop it.
Needless to say, Pace did not get the usual second term as JCS Chairman.
Selective Prosecution
These grave crimes are the ones for which you should stand trial. Personally, I might even be inclined to give you a pass on your marital infidelity and possibly even on sharing classified information with your mistress, if so many true patriots weren't being prosecuted and imprisoned for sharing evidence of U.S. government misconduct with the American people.
And there is one other sore point regarding your esteemed career. According to a Washington Post report by Joshua Partlow, datelined Kabul, Feb. 11, 2011, you shocked aides to then Afghan President Hamid Karzai when you suggested that Afghan parents had deliberately burned their own children in order to exaggerate claims of civilian casualties from U.S. military action in Konar Province.
Partlow quoted two of Karzai's aides who met with you in a closed-door session at the presidential palace and found your remarks “deeply offensive.” They said you had dismissed allegations by Karzai's office and the provincial governor that many civilians had been killed and that you claimed that residents of Konar had invented stories, or even injured their children, to pin the blame on U.S. forces as a ruse to end the operation.
“I was dizzy. My head was spinning,” said one participant, referring to Petraeus's remarks. “This was shocking. Would any father do this to his children? This is really absurd.”
You declined comment at the time. So I will add my own assessment, borrowing a famous line from another dark chapter of American history: “Have you no sense of decency sir, at long last? Have you left no sense of decency?
Yours truly,
Ray McGovern
Ray McGovern works with Tell the Word, a publishing arm of the ecumenical Church of the Saviour in inner-city Washington. He is a 30-year veteran of the CIA and Army intelligence and co-founder of Veteran Intelligence Professionals for Sanity (VIPS). McGovern served for considerable periods in all four of CIA's main directorates.
Reprinted with permission from Consortium News.
A reader writes:
Optics, not reality, is what matters. Everything can be massaged with a Mission Accopmlished banner, a sympathetic interview on Fox News, or a whisper campaign that your opponent is a faggot.
Wilson's catcalling was only part of it. This is the party of Colson and Segretti, Atwater and Rove, Kristol and Norquist. It is the party of Joe Wilson and the odious Patrick McHenry, the latter a bad caricature of a South Park or Simpsons character. Just look at them, with the "What bill?" signs around their necks, waving the copies of their "bill" in the President's face as he patiently explained to them why they are so very full of shit.
Yes, the GOP of 2009 is the party of torture and fiscal recklessness. But as Joe Wilson's outburst last night made clear, it is every bit as much the party of the College Republicans.
Juvenile, manipulative, impossibly smarmy, hateful - or at least more than willing to use the weapon of other people's hate - and, above all, relentlessly cynical. To these (mostly) men, politics is not the "art of the possible", not a means for peaceably grappling with the most difficult and complex issues of the day, or for attempting to improve the lives of people you will never meet. It is nothing but a game, one where the object is not just to win but to destroy your enemies with a weird mix of angry slander and junior high insults - and to have a good chuckle while admiring your handiwork.
It is an attitude that enables one to label a respected judge who worked with disadvantaged children a pedophile (as Rove's minions did in an Alabama Supreme Court race in 1994), or to put Sarah Palin on a presidential ticket.
Just as for the neocons it is always 1938, for the professional College Republicans in the House GOP, it is always the annual convention, with the hotly-contested race for treasurer or secretary between one guy from Michigan State and another from Clemson. Accusations of fraud abound, frat boys and bookworms alike go berserk as they see their chances of interning with the RNC slip away, and desperate calls are made to worshipped alumni with the hope that some measure of revenge can be exacted. Nerd libido harnessed to cynical rage.
Welcome to the House the College Republicans Built. For our benefit, President Obama is more than happy to let them live in it.
A row has broken out over records showing almost all top two climate and energy officials' lobby meetings were with fossil fuel and heavy industry companies
A row has broken out over claims that the vast majority of lobbyists met by the EU's top two energy and climate officials have been from the fossil fuel sector, big energy firms and heavy industry, since they took office six months ago.
Calendar records show that 94% of the EU climate commissioner Miguel Arias Cañete's meetings have been with business lobbyists, mostly representing the heavy industry and fossil fuels sectors. For the vice president for energy union, Maroš Šefčovič, the figure was 70%.
Sources close to Cañete say that in practice, he held five group meetings with NGOs – rather than the two listed in the calendar – and gave five group updates to civil society groups at last December's UN climate summit in Peru, bringing the true figure closer to 83%. They say he has championed climate action in informal dialogues, and improved upon the access record of his predecessor.
But Pascoe Sabido, a campaigner for Corporate Europe Observatory, complained of undue corporate influence.
“These lists of meetings show unrivalled privileged access for the most polluting industries, while public interest groups have barely featured,” he told the Guardian. “How the EU acts over the next few years both internationally and regionally will be key in deciding whether we avoid catastrophic climate change. But on this evidence, Cañete and co are too close to the fossil fuel industry to stop us careering head-first into a climate disaster.”
Cañete has had a mountain to climb in gaining the trust of European environmental groups, after the Guardian revealed that he held hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of shares in two oil companies, shortly before his appointment.
To some, the former oil mogul set an example by divesting himself of the holdings, and many green NGOs in Brussels say they have been impressed with his record.
“We have had more meetings with Cañete than with his predecessor, Connie Hedegaard,” Wendel Trio, the director of Climate Action Network (CAN) Europe told the Guardian. “In Lima it was quite exceptional. We never had that kind of access to Hedegaard during climate negotiations. We have no reason to complain at the moment.”
“The commissioner has a regular and ongoing dialogue with environmental groups in Brussels and during his international trips,” a spokesperson for Cañete said. “The very fruitful collaboration with the NGOs does not lead the commission to believe that other interest groups have a privileged access.”
However, among Cañete's cabinet, 171 meetings with “business stakeholders” are listed on the official calendar, compared to nine with NGOs, eight with PR firms and think tanks, and nine with others. Commission sources say that in reality, they meet with NGOs two or three times a week, in talks considered so mundane that they may not be noted.
Other commissioners have stirred more ire from environmentalists than Cañete. In a meeting on Wednesday about carbon market reform, 10 industry groups backed by economic ministry officials from across Europe faced off against CAN and the European Environmental Bureau. The commissioner who organised the meeting, Elżbieta Bienkowska, has met with only one non-industry group – the European Trades Union Confederation – out of 23 listed meetings in her first six months.
Mark Johnston, a senior advisor to the European Policy Centre think tank described Cañete as a skilled bridge-builder and backroom operator, who had carefully assembled an expert team around him, in stark contrast to other commissioners.
But he said that plans for a new electricity directive showed that Cañete and Šefčovič had been ‘captured' by the ‘Magritte Group' of big energy utilities such as GDF Suez, E.On and Enel, who feature prominently in the commissioners' calendars.
“It is dangerous as they have already set the agenda, captured the commission and the commission is doing their bidding,” he said. “Now the firms just have to watch and follow it through. If the UK scheme of operating subsidies – or ‘capacity payments' – for legacy plants, such as coal, nuclear and gas is extended across the EU, which is what Cañete and others explicitly talk about, it will fundamentally slow down the energy transition.”
A consultation paper for a new electricity market design will be presented in July before legislation is brought forward by the two commissioners next year.
A spokesman from Šefčovič's office stressed that the vice president was receiving good advice from trade unions and environmental groups, as well as industry. “This will provide a balanced input from all policy areas concerned by energy and climate issues,” the official said. “It is important to have first-hand impressions from various stakeholders and to listen to a wide range of voices from all parts of society.”
Nonetheless, some environmentalists fear that lop-sided inputs may affect the commission's output when it comes to crunch policy decisions.
“Access is currency in the lobby game and there is no denying fossil fuel companies have deeper pockets and more influence,” said Brook Riley, a spokesman for Friends of the Earth Europe. “This dangerous imbalance could prevent us from making the urgently needed transition to a safe, clean and fair energy system.”
In the Dordogne village of Montignac sur Vézère, the story of how one boy and his dog discovered one of the most haunting examples of prehistoric art has gone down in local folklore.
On 8 September 1940, Marcel Ravidat's black-and-white mongrel, Robot, dived into a hole in the ground in pursuit of a rabbit. The 17-year-old Ravidat retrieved his pet, and returned a few days later with three friends to explore what appeared to be an underground cave. Dropping into the rocks, they entered a grotto where the flickering light of their oil lamp lit upon a painting of a red bull. The rest is prehistory.
Don't fall for a fake: the Chauvet cave art replica is nonsense Read more
Ravidat and his friends had stumbled across what became known as Lascaux, an extraordinary network of subterranean caves decorated with drawings and engravings dating back 22,000 years to the palaeolithic era.
The depictions of horses, bulls, bison, goats, deer, cows, as well as lions, a bear, a rhinoceros and even a unicorn were so strikingly beautiful that the local abbot, a historian, declared the grotto was a “prehistoric Sistine chapel”.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Some of the paintings in the Lascaux caves. Photograph: Denis Nidos/Département 24
Today, Lascaux is closed to the public and has been for more than 50 years, after it was discovered visitors were unwittingly destroying the Unesco world heritage site simply by breathing in the caves. But next week, French president François Hollande is expected to open a meticulous €57m (£48m) replica of the grotto that attempts to recreate the magic and detail of the original.
Germinal Peiro, the local MP, said it was the first time such an ambitious project had been attempted. “Lascaux is chez nous, but it doesn't belong to us and we have always wanted to share these spectacular paintings with the world. This is the first copy of a grotto of this size in the world and it is a work of art in itself,” Peiro told the Observer during a pre-opening tour of the project, known as Lascaux-4.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest An exhibition space in Lascaux 4. Photograph: © Casson Mann
Stepping into the replica grotto, built 800 metres down the hill from the original with the same sombre, humid atmosphere, visitors are greeted with paintings of herds of animals, overlaid on earlier older paintings or etched into stone, that have taken a dedicated team of modellers, sculptors and artists three years to reproduce, as near to the Cro-Magnon original as possible.
Archaeologist Jean-Pierre Chadelle described it as a work of art in itself and said work on the replica had enabled experts to discover new details about the original Lascaux, which he admitted had still not given up all its secrets. “We know the paintings were done with natural colours found in the earth around here, but we cannot exactly date the pigment so we cannot exactly date the paintings,” he said. “Lascaux is still a mystery, even today.”
Rock school: World's best-preserved prehistoric rock art recreated in €55m replica cave in southern France Read more
He added: “We also know the paintings were done by tribes of hunter-gatherers, but there is no moon, no sun, no depictions of the countryside, or even pictures of reindeer, which we know they depended on for food.”
Chadelle points out that there is also only one semi-human figure: a naive stick figure drawn in black, with four fingers, and the head of a bird, who is either dead or injured. “Is this a man? We don't know for sure. What we do know, given the time and effort involved in making them, is that the paintings represented something very important to the people of the time.”
Experts believe the Lascaux caves were not used as shelter but were more likely a spiritual sanctuary. The drawings, they say, were almost certainly created by skilled tribal painters, as opposed to the prehistoric equivalent of roaming graffiti artists.
In the excitement following the discovery of the Lascaux grotto in 1940, little heed was paid to the long-term conservation of the paintings. Workmen blasted through the hole in the rocks Ravidat and his friends had entered, to bring electricity and air filtration. Without a second thought, they lowered the floor to make a passage for visitors. Inevitably, they upset the delicate natural balance of the atmosphere within.
Between 1948 and 1963, when the caves were open to the public, thousands of visitors traipsed through the grotto. They brought with them bacteria, as well as moisture and carbon dioxide in the air they exhaled, setting off a biological chain reaction that caused fungus to spread across the paintings. First came the “green malady”, then the “white malady”, then “black stains”. The original grotto is being left to “rest” to find a natural balance. Only a handful of scientists are allowed inside to check on its health, and only with special permission.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The experts at work in Lascaux. Photograph: Denis Nidos/Département 24
Nicolas St-Cyr, artistic decorator of Lascaux-4, officially known as the International Centre for Cave Paintings, is one of the few to have visited the real Lascaux. “It's very special. You have the feeling you are in the presence of man 22,000 years ago when you see the paintings. These were talented artists, working by the light of animal oil lamps, and it's like they were done yesterday. I was trembling when I came out.”
A partial copy of the original grotto – Lascaux-2 – was opened in 1983 and has attracted 8 million visitors, and a travelling exhibition – Lascaux-3 – is currently touring Asia. Lascaux-4, which has received funding from regional and department authorities, the French state, the EU and public donations, is expected to attract 400,000 visitors a year. Award-winning London design company Casson Mann was responsible for creating the exhibition space, which includes a cinema, an interactive picture gallery and a theatre.
St-Cyr added: “It's impossible for anyone to see the original now, but this is the next best thing. What is lost in not having the real thing is balanced by the fact people can see so much more of the detail of the wonderful paintings and engravings.”
One reservation that the organization may have about disciplining Weinstein is that doing so would create the expectation that it would adjudicate the behavior of other members caught up in scandals — among them Mel Gibson, Roman Polanski and Bill Cosby.
In the wake of the allegations of sexual assault committed by Harvey Weinstein, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences has released a statement, calling the disgraced mogul's behavior "repugnant" and calling for an emergency board of governors meeting to address the issue.
"The Academy finds the conduct described in the allegations against Harvey Weinstein to be repugnant, abhorrent and antithetical to the high standards of the Academy and the creative community it represents," the Academy said Wednesday in a statement. "The Board of Governors will be holding a special meeting on Saturday, Oct. 14, to discuss the allegations against Weinstein and any actions warranted by the Academy."
Weinstein, a member of the Academy for more than 20 years, long has been a major player at the Oscars. The two companies he founded, Miramax and The Weinstein Co., have distributed five best picture winners — The English Patient, Shakespeare in Love, Chicago, The King's Speech and The Artist — and Weinstein himself has personally taken home one statuette, as a producer of Shakespeare in Love.
A growing number of people, both inside and outside of the Hollywood community, have begun asking the Academy to revoke Weinstein's membership. Meanwhile, the National Organization for Women currently is gathering signatures from the public for a petition calling for Weinstein's ouster. And BAFTA, the British Academy of Film and Television Arts, which presents the U.K.'s equivalent of an Oscar, on Wednesday suspended Weinstein's membership.
Academy CEO Dawn Hudson and newly elected president John Bailey were traveling in Europe on Academy business over the past few days, and, in their absence, the issue of what to do about Weinstein was not formally addressed. But after returning to Los Angeles and consulting with members of the Academy's 54-person board of governors, they have clearly conveyed that they are taking the issue seriously — but have not yet determined what, if any, further action they will take.
While Weinstein's behavior has drawn condemnation, it may not specifically violate Academy rules, which mostly govern Oscar campaigning. The 8,427-member organization has only expelled one person in its 90-year history: Carmine Caridi, an actor who was found to have violated the Academy's no-loaning screener policy after copies of movies that had been sent to him turned up online. But the Academy, as a private organization, technically does have great leverage over who it does and does not include in its ranks.
The Academy stopped short of kicking Weinstein out of the organization on Wednesday, but it left the door open in its statement to taking "other actions." One reservation that it may have about disciplining Weinstein for his personal behavior is that doing so would then create the expectation that it would adjudicate the behavior of other members caught up in scandals.
The Academy, which admits members for life, does not make public a list of its members' names, but The Hollywood Reporter has independently confirmed that Mel Gibson, Roman Polanski and even Bill Cosby are on the rolls. Woody Allen never became a member. (Meanwhile, the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences numbers Donald Trump among its ranks.)
The only prior occasion on which the Academy got into the business of adjudicating the personal behavior of its members was during the Red Scare, when it briefly banned blacklisted writers who were reported to be, or had been in the past, supporters of the Communist Party from being eligible for Academy Awards. That is now considered one of the black marks in Academy history. Several of those writers, working under pseudonyms, actually won Oscars, but not all lived to see the day when the organization apologized to the real writers and presented them with the statuettes that were rightfully theirs.
Democratic presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE is denouncing the long lines Arizona voters faced during Tuesday's primary, calling the situation "a disgrace."
"People in the United States of America should not have to wait five hours in order to vote. We do not know how many thousands of people who wanted to vote yesterday in Arizona did not vote," Sanders said during a press conference in San Diego, according to ABC News.
ADVERTISEMENT
"What happened yesterday in Arizona is a disgrace," the Vermont senator added.
According to the Arizona Republic, many voters in Maricopa County, which includes Phoenix, waited in line for five hours due to a reduced number of polling locations. The county had just one polling site for every 21,000 voters.
But Sanders locked up two wins Tuesday night, beating Clinton in the Utah and Idaho caucuses.
HTC CEO Peter Chou has revealed that the company has plans for the tablet market in 2012, stating that the company is still looking to make slate-shaped waves.
Speaking to Reuters, Chou explained its keen focus on smartphones won't stop it from releasing a new tablet in 2012, but the company is wary of releasing an iPad-a-like product for the sake of it.
"Tablet is a market we would like to try and test, to see whether we can make ourselves stand out and prevent a me-too product," he said.
Flying visit
HTC unveiled its first tablet, the HTC Flyer, at Mobile World Congress 2011, when many column inches were spent discussing the company's decision to include a stylus, dubbed the HTC Scribe.
The stylus is definitely not a feature that comes with an iPad, but despite that plucky little addition, the Flyer hasn't exactly enjoyed the Apple tablet's rip-roaring success.
Since then, although HTC has seen fit to release the 10-inch LTE HTC Jetstream in the US, the UK hasn't seen a hint of a new tablet, not even in the run-up to the Christmas spend-fest.
Chou also spoke of the company's intentions towards emerging markets which will be a key focus for HTC in 2012, promising to avoid the cheap-and-bountiful strategy that others have pursued, instead clinging to its 'premium' brand.
"Customers are willing to pay more, that's why we have grown nearly five times in China this year. It shows that customers support our philosophy," he said.
From Reuters
New Football Outsiders content for top Week 13 performances is live. If you're not quite sure how the Football Outsiders program works, check out our news post that breaks everything down.
The Football Outsiders stars for Week 13 are:
RE Olivier Vernon , MIA (24-HOUR HERO): 2.5 sacks, 5 QB hits.
2.5 sacks, 5 QB hits. QB Carson Palmer , ARI: Led all quarterbacks in DYAR Week 13 (356 passing yards, 2 TD vs. Rams defense ranked sixth against pass by DVOA)
Led all quarterbacks in DYAR Week 13 (356 passing yards, 2 TD vs. Rams defense ranked sixth against pass by DVOA) RB Darren Sproles , PHI: 83-yard punt return touchdown, plus 14 carries for 66 yards.
83-yard punt return touchdown, plus 14 carries for 66 yards. RT Mike Remmers , CAR: Panthers RB had 7 carries for 82 yards on the right side, plus no sacks allowed.
Panthers RB had 7 carries for 82 yards on the right side, plus no sacks allowed. MLB Stephone Anthony , NO: 10 combined tackles, 7 of which were for 2 yards or fewer, plus a forced fumble and the first defensive two-point conversion in NFL history.
You can read more about this week's selections directly from Football Outsiders here.
Roxas103 says: I was born to a Mormon household and when I was five up to when I was about ten or sooner I went to the Mormon church. But as I was attending church, I never understood why I was there. I was baptized and went through the rituals and what not of the church, but I never understood them. I found it to be rather boring. I'm sure Hell was brought up at some point, but I could never wrap my head around the idea. I never believed but I told everyone that I did believe. I didn't even know not believing was an option until about halfway through my high school years when I started watching videos on YouTube about religion. And then it kinda hit me that I wasn't a Mormon, I wasn't a Christian. I started to call myself an Agnostic, but that wasn't right either. I was in fact an Atheist and I was okay with that.
All bets are on which smartphone maker will be the first to use the Snapdragon 821, and according to new reports it will be Xiaomi with a double whammy.
This mornings news is dominated by reports that Xaomi are planning to use the latest Snapdragon 821 chipset in their Xiaomi Mi Note 2 and a slightly upgraded Mi5 known as the Mi5S.
What's more interesting is that the Xiaomi Mi Note 2 and Mi5S are rumoured to share more than just the same chipset but also a pressure sensitive display (ala Huawei, ZTE, Meizu and Apple).
In fact the spec sheets continue with reports also mentioning the use of Qualcomms Ultrasonic fingerprint technology, as much as 8GB RAM, dual cameras, HIFI audio and fast charging.
Dual cameras are set to make an appearance too, well at least on the Mi Note 2, but only on the more expensive models. 3 variants of Mi Note 2 are believed to be coming to the market, a basic with single camera and two other versions with dual cameras.
The Mi Note 2 is also thought to be the first Xiaomi phone to get a 3D curved display, so it is going to be quite the spec sheet monster should these details prove to be accurate.
Of course these are just rumours and we need to take the details with a pinch of salt, but these are also quite detailed reports and sound a little more plausible than some of the more pie in the sky rumours we see in Chinese tech sites.
Texas educators selected by the State Board of Education (SBOE) and the Texas Education Agency (TEA) to review textbooks for adoption in November 2013 are insisting upon changes to major science and biology instructional materials that would contradict the widely established international scientific consensuses on the subjects of evolution and human-caused climate change.
If major education publishers such as Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, Pearson and McGraw-Hill Publishers buckle under the pressure of religious fundamentalists in Texas aiming to cast doubt on two of the most widely supported scientific concepts in history, the changes that will affect Texas public schools for the next 10 years could become part of a larger trend affecting science education across the nation. Texas could set this national precedent because major publishers typically cater their educational materials toward the large Texas market first then make small changes to those materials for smaller markets around the country.
The Texas SBOE goes through a process of review and adoption of classroom materials every 10 years and throughout the decades the process has come under fire regarding the amount of influence reviewers have in convincing publishers to make crucial changes to science and biology texts.
Members of the SBOE can nominate individuals for the review panels, but individual citizens can nominate themselves to serve. The TEA then looks at the list of nominees and assigns the selected individuals to review teams for specific instructional products. These appointed panels have been evaluating drafts of mostly electronic classroom materials and negotiating the content with publishers since July, with much of the review process taking place in private.
The SBOE had its first public hearing Sept. 17, 2013, regarding the textbooks under consideration, in which some of the reviewers pressing for changes expressed their views regarding evolution and climate change.
That same week the watchdog group Texas Freedom Network (TFN) released documents obtained through an open-records request that provide some transparency in the review process and confirmed that some of the appointed reviewers are pushing creationism and theories that promote skepticism about the human causes of climate change.
The documents also revealed the reviewers contested information relating to fetal development that recently has been used by anti-abortion activists in the state pushing the recent omnibus abortion overhaul expected to close the vast majority of clinics in the state.
“[The reviewers'] objections shape the content of the textbooks because the publishers have to decide how they're going to respond to those objections,” said TFN Spokesman Dan Quinn. “Do they cave and include these junk science arguments against evolution or do they stand firm and take the risk that their textbook will get rejected?”
TFN believes the TEA selected largely unqualified individuals who do not have a background in biology or any kind of science and, in some cases, are themselves conservative political activists to serve on the review panels.
But TEA spokeswoman Debbie Ratcliffe contends that the individual comments from reviewers on these panels can't impact the review process as much as has been claimed because what the publishers consider is really the majority report from a review panel. She told Truthout that because a majority of the instructional material is online, the agency performed some of its work virtually.
“We did get comments from individual reviewers, and those were bundled up and forwarded on to the publishers,” Ratcliffe told Truthout. “I think the publishers understand that it's the consensus reports that give them direction.”
Ratcliffe also said that some of the reviewers' job titles don't reflect their qualifications on a subject up for adoption, such as one biology reviewer who is a retired dean of business school but who has advanced degrees in chemistry.
But it may not even matter whether or not the SBOE adopts a publisher's textbook. Texas passed a law in 2011 that allows the state's public school districts to decide which textbook and instructional materials they want to purchase, even if those materials haven't been adopted by the SBOE. The current review process is the first since the law's passage.
Pearson and other publishers are not required to make their changes public until May 2014, even after the changes are voted on and possibly adopted in November, according to Joshua Rosenau, who is programs and policy director at the National Center for Science Education (NCSE). NCSE has been working closely with TFN to monitor the review process.
Rosenau told Truthout that publishers may choose to forgo any changes to their science and biology materials because Texas school districts already are using their textbooks and can choose to buy the updated editions anyway. He thinks publishers potentially could see the review process as politicized and use that as a selling point. But that doesn't appear to be the case for Pearson, at least.
“We're following the state's process and submitted changes that improved our coverage of the state's standards but did not compromise the integrity of the science. We are now awaiting the final evaluation report from the state,” Pearson spokeswoman Susan Aspey wrote in an email. She was not explicit about the changes submitted to the SBOE.
“It's very important that publishers know that people are watching this,” Quinn told Truthout. “We want solid science in these textbooks and not junk science arguments that have been discredited by scientists now for decades.”
Although it was written in December 2013, this piece has already become the tenth most popular post of 2013. My obituary articles are usually enjoyable to write because they give me time to reflect on the contribution (or in other cases the lack of contribution) of certain people to history. 2013 was interesting insofar as two world historical figures, whatever their problems, died: Mandela and Giap, and I regret missing the opportunity to reflect on the life of the former.
This hastily article was reposted on various sites, stirring up some debate that I felt was somewhat tangental to what I was actually problematizing. Had I known that it would be as popular as it was I probably would have expended more energy in making my position clear and working to transform it more it into a stronger and clearer argument. Due to the nature of this blog, and my propensity to slip more into ranting than writing proper essays (I write the former as part of my academic life and the blog is supposed to be "fun"!), I am sometimes in the awkward position of having to clarify positions that some people misunderstand due to the broad gestures of my 12 am blogging.
Some enjoyed my series on the phenomenon called (rightly or wrongly) "Stalinism" and some hated it, though the latter group's spite was based primarily on the fact that they only read the first entry of a three part series and made some bizarre assumptions about what I was claiming. For example, on the liberalism reddit––oops, I mean the socialism reddit––some ortho-trots complained that I was arguing for the old position that Trotskyists were "wreckers" when, in fact, I only brought up this argument as a counterpoint to the argument that Stalinists betrayed the Russian revolution and that both claims are problematic.
Moreover, there were those dodgy liberal bloggers who sometimes read my blog only to complain about it (one person in particular who likes to blog, now and then, about how stupid I am and yet has never succeeded in making a very good argument against my positions either on this blog in the past or on their own bland website), who thought that my refusal to accept the discourse of Stalin-as-mass-murderer was tantamount to genocide denial. Of course, my refusal is based on acceptable academic research and not a "common sense" pop-culture discourse that is hegemonic at the centres of capitalism. And no, you aren't really counter-cultural to claim that you are defying some normative position about Stalin when you endorse the Robert Conquest position that is pretty much the ruling class view promoted in US high school textbooks; if you think there is some pro-Stalinist conspiracy out there in the world then you are living in a magical land of unicorns and rainbows… Generally your problem is that you don't like proper historical scholarship (for this is where there is an agreement that the Stalin-as-mass-murderer discourse is problematic) and confusing academic scholarship with popular ideas, or at least demanding that the former coincide with the latter. There is a similar logic here to thinking that there is a feminist conspiracy to silence men, etc.
In any case, would that people would have read through to the end of the series rather than focusing only on the introduction…
This post was a PDF download of one of my aborted piece of writings that came out of a manuscript I was (and still am) working on. Originally I didn't know what to do with it, but didn't want it to completely die, so I posted it on this blog in order to give it some life. Since then I have discovered what I want to do with it, and it is being reincorporated back into the manuscript from which it was extracted (though in a somewhat retooled form), so I might end up removing it from this blog whenever I finish the manuscript and submit it for publication.
Connected to a successive (but much less popular) post about making communism hip , this was a semi-humorous piece about accumulating revolutionary forces. Part of it was aimed at lampooning the preponderance of some internet marxists to complain about the "irrelevance" of historical communist symbology (i.e. the hammer and sickle) and their obsessive search for new "relevant" signifiers.
Written due to a rather annoying trend of non-marxist communists to complain that Marx appropriated the term, that Marxist-Leninists are "squatting" on the term, and that the concept is broader than Marxism. While there is some truth in this claim, I decided to write an article that, in the words of Althusser regarding his young/old Marx scission, attempted to bend the stick back too far in the other direction in order to correct a philosophical problem. The general point of this article is connected to one of my long-standing academic concerns in my own discipline (and one we philosophers obsess too much about): the distinction between name and concept and the belief that communism only becomes a significant world historical concept, breaking from the previous and similar concepts connected to the same name, when it is inscribed by the content of Marx and Engels' Communist Manifesto.
This piece was written in the wake of Thatcher's death, inspired by all the liberal lefties angered by those who were celebrating this reactionary scum's demise. Intended to critique a liberal conception of morality that is sometimes imported into socialist discourse––a moralism that believes the strength of socialism rests in its moral high ground––I also examined the problem of liberal humanism and the need to move beyond this way of thinking about the world.
But not to liberals and reactionaries! No, seriously, this piece was somewhat self-critical in that it was meant to identify a problem many of us leftists exhibit, particularly to each other and the masses, that needs to be overcome. None of this is to say that we shouldn't be principled, or that our critique should not be sharp and pointed when necessary, only that our behaviour towards the masses and activist cliqueishness could do with a dose of humility. Otherwise I'm all for the polemical snark and have little patience for the smarm
Good lord people, try to read more than just the title of a piece before deciding you know what the position of an article actually is! But it was rather funny to see this posted on several comment sites and read comments that were clearly based only on the title (and even then didn't seem to get that the words "sometimes" and "might" should have grammatically indicated that I wasn't claiming "gulags are a good idea") since they were all outraged: "this asshole is seriously arguing that we need to have prison camps?" No, I wasn't: hey you, mainstream internet leftist, get a sense of humour and learn how to read! Besides the occasional tongue-and-cheek aspect of this post was meant to address the fact that sometimes all of us would like to banish our class enemies to execution squads and prison camps and, though I definitely do not think this is a good idea, I was interested in interrogating why such a "solution" is conceptualized in the first place as it was historically.
Also, since I mentioned MRA reactionaries as people I sometimes think should be gulaged, I received yet another glorious comment (where I was called a "faggot" and a "mangina") that kind of proved my point.
I think this piece is pretty self-explanatory since it has been posted/reposted all over the place and discussed in multiple comment strings. For those coming to it for the first time, however, I would like to qualify that this is a summation of a lot of earlier articles that provide more substantial background to my position––a summation intended to present a way forward and a succinct summary of the problematic presented by so-called "identity politics". I would urge people to read the back-links (they are in there for a reason) as well as realize that, as should be clear from these back-links, my critique and rejection of identity politics is not premised on the assumption we should lose ourselves in some "white boy" marxism with an idea of class that is yet another form of identity politics (as I argue in this piece and elsewhere) but rather to learn from the emergence of identity politics––to accept that it actually has something to teach us––but realize it cannot answer the questions it is posing according to its own theoretical foundations.
Clint Eastwood is one of the most gifted filmmakers in the history of the medium. Bradley Cooper is an extraordinarily capable actor. On the evidence of the teaser trailer for “American Sniper,” Eastwood and Cooper — who stars in the title role, and served as a producer — have produced a masterpiece of War Party propaganda.
Cooper stars as the late Chris Kyle, generally (and, perhaps, unreliably) considered to be the most lethal sniper in US military history.
The teaser clip shows Kyle and his spotter doing overwatch as a Marine patrol occupies a devastated Iraqi neighborhood, kicking in doors in pursuit of local residents who might pose problems for the foreign military force that had invaded their country in an act of Liberty in Eclipse William Norman Grigg Best Price: $4.99 Buy New $58.85 (as of 06:35 EST - Details) criminal aggression.
Kyle notices a woman and a young child emerging from a building. The woman hands the child an object that appears to be a grenade. As Kyle draws bead on the youngster, the viewer is shown a brief montage of scenes of the sniper at home with his lovely wife and beautiful children, briefly interrupted by a shot of Kyle surrounded by flag-draped coffins.
“They'll fry you if you're wrong,” the spotter says as Kyle's haunted eyes focus on his target, and his finger prepares to pull the trigger.
The audience is prompted to empathize with the anguished and reluctant sniper, who is caught in a horrible dilemma.
For that dilemma to exist, the sniper would have to face irreconcilable moral absolutes. That is not the case here: Neither he nor the Against the State: An ... Llewellyn H. Rockwell Jr. Best Price: $12.99 Buy New $9.21 (as of 07:10 EST - Details) troops he is protecting had any right to be where they were, and the Iraqis in that neighborhood — including the child — had every right to use any means at their disposal to force the invaders to leave.
An authentic patriot would instinctively sympathize with the child who was defending his neighborhood, rather than the sniper who was poised to murder him. However, the scene is engineered to elicit a nationalist response from the viewer — that is, one informed by the conceit that American lives are innately more valuable than those of Iraqis, and that it is an act of irredeemable evil for an Iraqi to kill an American invader.
That was certainly Kyle's view, at least as it was expressed in the version of this incident (which occurred in Nasiriyah in March, 2003) found in his memoir.
“I looked through the scope,” Kyle recalled. “The only people who were moving were [a] woman and maybe a child or two nearby. I watched the troops pull up. Ten young, proud Marines in uniform got out of their vehicles and gathered for a foot patrol. As the Americans organized, the woman took something from beneath her clothes, and yanked at it. She'd set a grenade.”
Kyle shot the woman twice, displaying none of the cinematic anguish depicted in the trailer. The woman was the first of the 255 “kills” recorded in Kyle's career as a government employee who specialized in killing people from a distance.
“It was my duty to shoot, and I don't regret it,” Kyle insisted, describing the woman as “blinded by evil” because she “just wanted Americans dead” for reasons he apparently couldn't understand, or wouldn't acknowledge. “My shots saved several Americans, whose lives were clearly worth more than that woman's twisted soul.”
Unfiltered nationalistic bigotry of that variety plays well with the Fox News demographic, but it makes for problematic cinema. Even audiences who share those prejudices would find it difficult to sympathize with a “hero” who expressed such sentiments candidly. Accordingly, Cooper was transformed into an uncanny physical Doppelganger of the late sniper, while the character was re-purposed as a tragic figure who heroically overcame his instinctive reluctance to kill on behalf of a grand and glorious historic purpose (which in practical terms meant clearing away any obstacles to the rise of the most recent CIA-abetted “threat,” ISIS).
As Hannah Ahrendt might say, we've seen this movie before.
“What stuck in the minds of these men who had become murderers was simply the notion of being involved in something historic, grandiose, unique (`a great task that occurs once in two thousand years'), which must therefore be difficult to bear,” wrote Ahrendt in her study Eichmann in Jerusalem, referring to the SS. “This was important, because the murderers were not sadists or killers by nature; on the contrary, a systematic effort was made to weed out all those who derived physical pleasure from what they did….”
The problem confronted by the National Socialist State's hired killers, Ahrendt continued, “was how to overcome not so much their conscience as the animal pity by which all normal men are affected in the presence of physical suffering. The trick used by Himmler — who apparently was rather strongly afflicted by these instinctive reactions himself — was very simple and probably very effective; it consisted in turning these instincts around, as it were, in directing them toward the self. So that instead of saying: What horrible things I did to people!, the murderers would be able to say: What horrible things I had to watch in the pursuance of my duties, how heavily the task weighed upon my shoulders!”
Cooper's performance is meant to give cinematic expression to this inversion of pity — and to impart that attitude to the audience.
The Best of William Norman Grigg
The dad of a former Premier League star who died after being tasered by police has said his son was "very agitated" and "upset" before someone called police.
The dad of a former Premier League star who died after being tasered by police has said his son was "very agitated" and "upset" before someone called police.
Former Aston Villa star Dalian Atkinson was in a 'booze-fuelled' rage before being Tasered by police - father
Speaking to the Birmingham Mail Ernest Atkinson (85) said the former Aston Villa star flew into a "booze-fuelled rage".
The 48-year-old, named locally as Dalian Atkinson, died around 90 minutes after he was hit by a stun gun in Meadow Close in the Trench area of Telford, Shropshire, at around 1.30am on Monday.
Officers were called to the home amid concerns "for the safety of an individual", and a Taser was used.
Ray Houghton and Dalian Atkinson react after score Mandatory Credit: David Rogers/ALLSPORT
Speaking from his home, Ernest Atkinson told the newspaper: "He [Dalian] was in a real state.
"I don't know if he was drunk or on drugs but he was very agitated and his mind was upset.
"The last thing he said to me was ‘don't move' when the police came to the door.
"He was threatening and very upset. I didn't call the police but someone else did.
Aston Villa's Dalian Atkinson scores a goal (Photo by Bob Thomas/Getty Images)
"He got Tasered in the street outside in the road. I didn't see him but I saw a flash. I haven't had any sleep and cannot take it in.
"The police are dealing with this now."
A neighbour, who did not want to be named, said: "I had known him since he was a little boy, he was a famous footballer at one time. He was friendly, he had no trouble that I know of."
Read More: John Aldridge: 'I'm struggling to come to terms with it. Dalian and I were close'
Aston Villa's Dalian Atkinson (right) celebrates with his Manager Ron Atkinson as they hold the League Cup trophy (Photo by Bob Thomas/Getty Images)
The police force put a statement on its website which read: "West Mercia Police can confirm that officers responded to a report for the concern for the safety of an individual at approximately 1.30am this morning at an address in Telford.
"Upon arrival Taser was deployed and a 48-year-old man, who subsequently received medical attention, was pronounced dead at approximately 3am.
"West Mercia Police are unable to comment any further as the incident has been referred to the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) as is normal procedure, and will assist the IPCC with their inquiries."
Read more: Football world in mourning following tragic death of former Aston Villa legend Dalian Atkinson
This follows the death of ex-soldier Spencer Beynon in June, after he was Tasered by police in Llanelli, South Wales, after stabbing a dog and then himself.
Friends said he had suffered mental health problems after leaving the military.
Last year police use of Tasers, which are intended as a non-lethal weapon, went up slightly towards the end of 2015 with 10,329 uses by forces in England and Wales, a 2% rise on the previous year.
Read More: Dalian Atkinson profile: Old fashioned No 10 who won the hearts of Villa fans with passionate displays
However, of those, 19% (1,921) were discharges; a decrease of 3% from the previous year.
A West Midlands Ambulance Service spokesman said: "We were called by West Mercia Police to an address in Meadow Close in the Trench area of Telford at about 1.45am this morning.
"An ambulance was dispatched and upon arrival found a man who had been Tasered.
"As he was being conveyed to Princess Royal Hospital, his condition deteriorated and he went into cardiac arrest.
"Despite the efforts of the crew and hospital staff, it was not possible to save him and he was confirmed dead at hospital, shortly after arrival."
Atkinson was a top flight striker in the 1990s, with a goal for league runners-up Aston Villa against Wimbledon, which followed a mazy run from inside his own half, being voted 1992-1993 goal of the season.
He went on to score at Wembley in 1994 as Villa beat Manchester United to lift the League Cup.
Starting his career at Ipswich he played for Sheffield Wednesday and Spanish side Real Sociedad before moving to Villa.
He scored more than 20 Premier League goals for the Birmingham side between 1991 and 1995 before going on to play less successfully for teams including Turkish side Fenerbahce and Manchester City.
He ended his playing career playing in South Korea in 2001.
Ipswich Town paid tribute on its Twitter feed, saying: "Terribly sad news about our former striker. Our thoughts are with Dalian's family and friends at this tragic time."
Sheffield Wednesday said on the social media site: "The thoughts of everyone on Wednesday are with the friends and family of Dalian Atkinson this morning. RIP".
Former team-mate Tony Daley, who played for Aston Villa at the same time as Atkinson, tweeted: "Devastating news...RIP Dalian" with an image of a broken heart.
Another ex-player, Ian Taylor, said: "Just heard news re my old teammate Dalian. Deepest condolences to his family. Only spoke to him last week as well. Sad sad news."
Former England defender Sol Campbell tweeted: "What?! Former @AVFCOfficial footballer Dalian Atkinson tasered?! Shocked & saddened by this news. Thoughts with friends & family. #RIPDalian".
Mr Atkinson's father, thought to be in his 80s, lives in Meadow Close and the footballer was believed to have been visiting him when police were called.
Neighbours said the retired star, who drives a Porsche, was well-known among people in the street, making frequent visits to the short cul-de-sac.
Speaking at a cordon set up by police to prevent people entering the street, local residents Matthew and Tina Bothwell said they were deeply shocked at Mr Atkinson's death.
Mr Bothwell, 43, told reporters: "Every time he would come he would have crowds around him. It's close-knit community.
"I just can't bear to think what his family are going through."
Mrs Bothwell added: "He was loving, caring and got on with everybody in the street. He always got on with the kids because they absolutely loved his car."
Local resident Paula Quinn said Mr Atkinson appeared to be "almost staggering" in the street before he was Tasered.
Miss Quinn, who lives in a first-floor flat above a barber's shop, claimed Mr Atkinson went down "like a lead balloon" after being hit by the Taser.
The witness added: "I heard shouting and something smashing, which is what alerted me to look out of the window.
"I am feeling a bit sick knowing that the poor lad has passed. I don't care what anybody has done. Nobody deserves to die as a result of something like that."
Press Association
At E3, Axiom Verge creator Tom Happ said he was looking into a potential 3DS port. That's something which still hasn't been ruled out, but technical challenges could prevent it from happening.
Dan Adelman, who has worked with Happ, was asked by Nintendo World Report for another update on Axiom Verge possibly coming to 3DS at Gamescom last week. Here's the latest on that front:
“We would love to, but we're looking into the technical feasibility. Even though the graphics/artstyle is very retro-looking, there's actually a lot that's technically going on under the hood. It's always funny when people look at it and say ‘Oh, you could run that on the NES', and I laugh because there's no way you could run that on a NES. It really pushes the Wii U hardware. We're investigating what it would take to bring it to the 3DS. We probably wouldn't be able to, if we were able to do it at all, there would have to be some compromises made. We don't know what those compromises would be, and if it's not going to be a great experience we don't want to do it. We're looking into it now, if I had a magic wand and could make it play perfectly on the 3DS, absolutely we'd love to do it.”
Axiom Verge is coming to Wii U on September 1. According to Happ, it'll be the game's best version.
Source
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Google
More
Email
Print
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Pocket
Bread that goes moldy is the bane of consumers and bakers alike, ruining appetites and wasting food and money. Now, researchers in Spain report development of a new type of paper packaging made with cinnamon oil that appears to prolong the freshness of bread and other baked goods by up to 10 days.
The packaging appears safe and environmentally friendly.
In the new study, Cristina Nerín, A. Rodriguez, and D. Ramón Battle point out that scientists have tried many different approaches for fighting mold growth in bread, including ultraviolet light, sterile packaging, and the use of chemical preservatives. So-called active packaging, which attacks bread mold with antimicrobials, may provide a better alternative, the researchers say.
The scientists prepared active packaging composed of paraffin wax paper with different concentrations of cinnamon essential oil, which has high antimicrobial activity. They then inoculated fresh white bread with a common mold species and stored the bread in either plain wax paper or cinnamon-based wax paper for several days. After just three days, the packaging containing just 6 percent cinnamon oil inhibited 96 percent of mold growth, whereas the plain wax paper did not prevent mold growth, the researchers say. The cinnamon-based wrapper continued to inhibit mold for up to 10 days.
Senator Bernie Sanders is swiftly becoming a favorite among many due to his stance against wealth and income equality. On Sunday, Sanders praised Pope Francis for his critique of corruption and greed during a segment on CBS' Face the Nation.
Bernie Sanders told CBS host John Dickerson that Pope Francis' condemnation of crony capitalism has made him a “great fan” of the Argentine Pope.
“I am a great fan of Pope Francis.”
Recently, Pope Francis spoke out against world leaders that ignore their moral obligation to the poor.
“Putting bread on the table, putting a roof over the heads of one's children, giving them health and an education, these are essential for human dignity.”
These are words similar to the message and ideology of Senator Bernie Sanders' political platform.
“In terms of wealth and income inequality, he talks about all over the world, for example, we are ignoring the needs of senior citizens who often in our country and around the world, are lonely, don't have the money they need for medicine or to heat their homes or to eat — buy the food that they need to survive.”
Sanders' continues to explain that childhood poverty and youth unemployment has sky rocketed in the United States.
“He has talked about an issue that I have talked about a lot, and that is young people around the world, in our country today, we have youth unemployment for white kids who graduate high school at 33 percent; Hispanic kids: 36 percent; African-American kids: 51 percent. And what the pope is saying, there's something wrong internationally, where almost all of the new wealth in this world is going to people on the top and so many other people are falling by the wayside.”
Senator Bernie Sanders is enjoying rapid growth in popularity since announcing his presidential campaign. His surge, unlike many other politicians, can be attributed to his left-leaning social policies.
“Money cannot be the God of life. We have got to look at our kids, look at those people who are hurting. We've got to come together to create a new world. And not a world in which a handful of people have so much wealth and so many other people are suffering.”
[Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images]
By Maggie Shiels
Technology reporter, BBC News, Silicon Valley
The FCC wants all data to be treated equally The stage has been set for what many predict will be an ugly fight over broadband plans for US citizens. The Federal Communications Commission has taken the first formal steps towards tougher rules for broadband. It asked for public comment on three different plans, igniting an expensive lobbying campaign by all sides. The looming battle follows a court ruling questioning the FCC's right to regulate internet service providers after one throttled traffic to users. That court ruling dealt a major blow to a central plank of the FCC's broadband plan called net neutrality which demands that all data traffic be treated equally. The five commissioners on the FCC board were split 3-2 in putting out for public comment proposals on new regulations for the broadband industry. 'Third way' One of the three plans the public is being asked to comment on, and which is favoured by FCC chairman Julius Genachowski, is called the "third way". This would involve reclassifying broadband so it went from being a lightly regulated service to one with more vigorous oversight. The US is rated 15th in the world for high speed internet access In return for this tightening up, Mr Genachowski has proposed the new classification would not regulate on how much people pay for their broadband. It would also shy away from overseeing internet content, services, applications or electronic commerce sites. The other two options include leaving the existing regulatory framework in place or imposing the full force of stricter regulations. ISPs, such as Comcast, AT&T and Verizon, prefer the status quo and have come out against the "third way" proposal. "This is impossible to justify on either a policy or legal basis and we remain confident that if the FCC persists in its course - and we truly hope it does not - the courts will surely overturn their action," said Jim Cicconi, AT&T's senior executive vice president for external and legislative affairs. Verizon said the FCC's move was "a terrible idea". By contrast, web giants such as Google and Amazon extol the value of free-flowing web traffic and an open internet. "Broadband infrastructure is too important to be left outside of any oversight," said Richard Whitt, Google's telecom and media counsel in a blog posting. 'To the death' The political dynamics of the FCC board, two Republicans and three Democrats, imply that the "third way" looks almost certain to be the plan it adopts. Some suspect this will provoke more lobbying and may draw legal challenges. "There is a very big fight brewing and it's the carriers versus everybody else," said Erik Sherman, analyst with BNET.com, part of CBS's digital business network. The FCC has said broadband was "the greatest infrastructure challenge" "There is little doubt it's going to be a right data Donnybrook and I am not sure the consumers are winners in any circumstances. These companies are not fighting for the little guy. They are fighting for themselves and higher profit margins." That view was echoed by Public Knowledge, a Washington based public advocacy group. "It's a tough road ahead and the telcos are going to fight this to the death," communications director Art Brodsky told BBC News. "AT&T in the first quarter of this year spent $6m on lobbying. That is one company. One quarter. Compare that to Google which spent $4m in the whole of last year." The Computer and Communications Industry Association said the "third way" option is the only realistic option. "Without deliberate FCC action, consumers, entrepreneurs, small businesses and non-profits will be left completely powerless against the corporate commercial interests of their unregulated internet access providers," said Ed Black, association president. 'Misguided' A research paper released ahead of the FCC vote warned that net neutrality rules could cost hundreds of thousands of jobs in the USA . The report argued that a 10% reduction in investment by broadband providers would cost more than 500,000 jobs before 2015. "These regulations severely restrict the ability of network companies to manage their own network traffic, what technology and what techniques they will use to get a robust service and will close off important new business models in this new world we live in," Bret Swanson, president of technology research firm Entropy Economics told the BBC. Fellow author Charles Davidson of the Advanced Communications Law & Policy Institute at New York Law School said: "With the US economy still in a fragile state, imposing restrictive regulation on one of the country's most dynamic sectors is misguided."
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Signmark (born Marko Vuoriheimo on June 26, 1978 in Helsinki)[2] is a deaf Finnish rap artist. He describes his music as being party hip hop that takes a stand.[3] Born into a signing family, Vuoriheimo feels that society should not treat the deaf as disabled people but as a linguistic minority with their own culture and history.[3][4]
Biography [ edit ]
Although it was only in 2004 that Vuoriheimo started creating his own music,[5] he has signed poetry and music since he was a child. Christmas carols were some of the first music he learned to sign.[1] When performing, he rhymes signs by ensuring that they have the same types of hand forms and signs. The bass line is important for him, as it helps him follow the music and time his rhymes. His facial expressions reinforce the signs, while improvisation is an essential part of the overall package.[3]
His debut album, Signmark was released on 29 November 2006. The album included the soundtrack on CD and signed music videos on DVD.[1] The album had eight songs on it, many of which dealt with the history, culture and rights of the Finnish signing community. His songs are freeform signing, even though the vocal versions rhyme. His goal is to incorporate more rhyming signed lyrics on his next album.
Signmark was one of the artists competing in Finland's national qualifications to represent it in the 2009 Eurovision Song Contest.[6] Signmark won his qualifying round on January 23, 2009 with Speakerbox, which he performed with Osmo Ikonen, as he received 46.5% of the votes.[7] At the finals on January 31, Signmark placed second behind Waldo's People with 41.2% of the votes.[8]
The original Signmark group split up in May 2009, after which Signmark signed a record deal with Warner Music as a solo artist. His record deal was a historic moment as he became the first deaf person to sign a recording contract with an international record company.[2]
Discography [ edit ]
Signmark (2006)
(2006) Breaking The Rules (2010)
(2010) Silent Shout (2014)
Stuffed Peppers with Black Beans and Onions
Ingredients: (4 Servings)
1 Pound Ground Beef ( I use 91/9 from Costco)
4 Peppers
4 Ounces Vidalia Onion
1 Cup Black Beans
1 Large Cucumber
¼ Cup Shredded Cheese
Seasonings: McCormick Montreal Steak Seasoning
Directions:
Brown the ground beef in a skillet, season with steak seasoning. Finely chop the 4 ounces of onion. Cut the tops off the Peppers and remove seeds. Mix Beef, beans and Onions together in the pan and separate evenly into the four Peppers. Place Stuffed Peppers into a deep baking dish and cover with tinfoil. Bake in the oven at 400 degrees for 30 min. After 25 minute remove tinfoil and top with cheese, place back in oven and cook for 5 more minutes or until cheese is melted. Chop Cucumbers, plate and Enjoy!!!
Nutrients: Per Serving
Calorie: 295
Fats: 13 grams
Carbohydrate: 19 grams
Protein: 30 grams
*Nutrients from the Lose it! App
If you look at the meals I cook, I use many of the same ingredients, just prepared differently. This makes my shopping very easy during the week and cuts down the price.
I'm the type of guy that loves to learn about the technical details of all those sci-fi spaceships, robots, aliens and various technologies. So far there are two franchises that seem to have an unending flow of material for guys like me: Star Trek and Star Wars. Of these two it seems the Star Wars fanchise is heads and tails above Star Trek in terms of hashing out every little detail in the Star Wars universe. Visual Dictionaries, Technical Guides, Vehicle Cross-Sections, Location Cross-Sections, Character Guides, Alien Guides, Planet Guides, the listing is staggering and can fill an entire bookcase. The problem with this level of material is glut. What do you get? What's worth buying? Where do you get the most bang for the buck? Now to be honest this 3D Owner's Guide is not the definitive resource for the esteemed Millennium Falcon. However it does offer details no other guide does, and it does so in a very entertaining and interesting fashion.What makes this book immensely entertaining is the 3D gimmick they use. Technically you are not getting any three dimensional images or pop-ups or anything like that. Instead you are getting is dozens of layers of the ship layed out through the pages. Some pages have sections cut out to see the page below as it focuses on a little detail on a smaller layer. Each of these layers focuses on pieces or sections of the Millennium Falcon. Because you are cutting away at all these different layers you are getting the absolutely most detailed illustration of the ship out there. This is better than even entries in the Incredible Cross-Sections books because you see all those hidden nooks and crannys in full detail.The book reads like one of those promotional booklets you get at a car dealership. The makers of the ship do a page by page sales pitch of their ship. Along those pages come some interesting tidbits of information. Now as far as info is concerned this book covers a lot, but it's not the beat all entry for technical specs. That's still a toss up from the Cross-Sections books (Complete Cross-Sections or the original Star Wars trilogy book) and The New Essential Guide to Vehicles and Vessels (Star Wars) (new or original version). However you do get a fair amount of information not detailed in either. For one this is the first book to fully illustrate the cockpit controls of the Falcon. Now you don't get a full explanation of the control layout, but it's cool nonetheless. The book is also peppered with other related tidbits you don't find in the other books as well as the obvious stuff most Star Wars fans may already know. So if you are looking for a full technical entry with all the information in one stop this isn't exactly it.What you do get is innovative illustrations and a few new insights into the Falcon that were never before touched upon. Normally I would say pass on something like this if you already have the other books as it doesn't give you all that much new techy details and is geared more for a younger audience. But I can't get over the really cool presentation. If you enjoyed Incredible Cross-Sections of Star Wars, Episodes IV, V & VI: The Ultimate Guide to Star Wars Vehicles and Spacecraft then you will really love this book.
A U.S. Marine wearing the MCCUU in woodland MARPAT in 2001.
The Marine Corps Combat Utility Uniform (MCCUU) is the current battledress uniform of the United States Marine Corps. It is also worn by Navy personnel (mostly corpsmen, chaplains, and their bodyguards) assigned to Marine Corps units (e.g. the Fleet Marine Force).
It replaces the Battle Dress Uniform, which the Marine Corps had shared with the Navy, Army and Air Force. However, both the MCCUU, and its distinctive camouflage pattern, MARPAT, are exclusive to the Marine Corps, which holds the patents to their design,[3] and are not available to the civilian market. MARPAT is available in two color schemes, woodland and desert. The uniforms are manufactured by Propper International Inc., American Apparel, Inc., E.A. Industries, American Power Source Inc., and Columbia Sewing Company. The MCCUU should not be confused with the similar looking FROG uniform.
Development [ edit ]
Two U.S. Marines test out early predecessors to the MCCUU in 2001. The two prototypes feature removable sleeves, a feature that was later abandoned on the finished production version.
Field testing of the MCCUU began in early 2001 and was officially announced to the public in June 2001.[4] Early prototypes had featured removable sleeves, but that design feature was later abandoned.[5] The patent for the MARPAT pattern was filed on June 19, 2001,[6] whereas the patent for the MCCUU uniform was filed on November 7, 2001.[7] The uniform made its official debut at Camp Lejeune, North Carolina on January 17, 2002,[8][9] and the changeover was completed on October 1, 2004, a year ahead of the original deadline date set in 2001, of October 1, 2005.[10][11][12]
The early prototypes of the MCCUU were designed by Propper International and American Power Source.[13]
Design features [ edit ]
U.S. Marines wearing the MCCUU in garrison, with sleeves rolled and utility covers
U.S. Marines wearing the MCCUU with combat equipment
The collar of an MCCUU, being worn by a U.S. Marine sergeant in 2002.
The rear of an MCCUU, being worn by a U.S. Marine in 2002.
The MCCUU is intended for wear in the field or for working parties, but has become the typical working uniform for all deployed and most garrison U.S. Marines and U.S. Navy sailors.[14] Initially the variety worn depended on the environment and season: Deployed Marines wore whichever color is more appropriate to the climate and terrain, Marines in garrison wore the woodland MCCUU in winter months, and the desert MCCUU in summer months. However, the Marine Corps announced on December 8, 2016 that the desert pattern would no longer be worn in garrison. Instead, the woodland MCCUU will be worn year-round, with the sleeves rolled up during the summer and down during the winter.[15] Until recently, the sleeves of the blouse were normally worn rolled up while in garrison during summer months. However, the Uniform Board announced that as of October 24, 2011, this will no longer be allowed. This decision was later reversed when Marine Corps Commandant General James Amos announced on February 25, 2014, that the Marine Corps will return to its former standard of rolling up the sleeves while in garrison during summer months, effective March 9, 2014.[16]
Unlike the previous BDU, the MCCUU was designed to be used with body armor, which previously restricted access to front pockets. To further distinguish the uniform, upon close examination, the Eagle, Globe, and Anchor can be found within the pattern. Its use as a combat uniform has led to some strict regulations for wear in garrison: the MCCUU may not be worn off base, although it may be worn when commuting to and from duty in a private vehicle. Dismounting for incidental stops en route off of a military installation is no longer permissible excepting legitimate emergencies only.
Blouse [ edit ]
Two slanting chest pockets with velcro closure
Two shoulder sleeve pockets with button closure
Reinforced elbows
Internal pockets for elbow pads
Adjustable cuffs
Eagle, Globe, and Anchor embroidered on the left chest pocket
Trousers [ edit ]
Two front slash style pockets
Two rear pockets with button closure
Two thigh level bellows cargo pockets with elastic closure
Button fly
Reinforced knees and seat
Partially elastic waistband
Internal pockets for kneepads
Seven belt loops
The trousers are worn bloused over the tops of the boots with the use of elastic bands (nicknamed "boot bands") or metal springs.
Headwear [ edit ]
In garrison the 8 point cover is worn
In the field, the boonie (floppy) cover can be worn, not authorized for garrison wear.
The Marine Corps Lightweight Helmet and MICH is worn in combat and training with a reversible MARPAT cover
The Marine Corps Eagle, Globe, and Anchor is embroidered on both the boonie and utility covers.[17]
An olive drab green t-shirt, or skivvie shirt, without a logo is worn underneath the blouse.[18] Due to the intense heat in Iraq, moisture wicking t-shirts, such as those produced by Under Armour became very popular. However, due to concerns that the shirts would melt to the skin in the event of a fire or explosion, they are banned when a Marine is deployed to a combat zone.[19] However, the Marine Corps has worked with Danskin to develop their own moisture wicking shirts under the "Elite Issue" line,[20] ultimately creating and issuing the Flame Resistant Organizational Gear to troops likely to be exposed to combat.
Belt [ edit ]
The MCCUU is worn with a webbed rigger's belt earned through the Marine Corps Martial Arts Program. The belts are tan, grey, green, brown, or up to six degrees of black, depending on the Marine's proficiency. Uniform regulations still authorize a web belt for wear for Marines that have not qualified in MCMAP; however, the Commandant of the Marine Corps directed in 2008 that all Marines will qualify. This directive rendered the wear of the item on the MCCUU to new recruits in basic training or to those who have lost their MCMAP belt due to not being proficient in the MCMAP.[21]
Boots [ edit ]
The Marine Corps now requires tan rough-out combat boots, either hot weather or temperate weather versions. Commercial versions of this boot are authorized without limitation other than they must be at least 8 inches in height and bear the Eagle, Globe, and Anchor on the outer heel of each boot. Stains and damage to the boot make them unservicable for wear, as well as a heel with excessive wear.
When the MCCUU was first being fielded in 2002, the black leather boots that were worn with the woodland BDU were authorized to be worn with the woodland MCCUU in the absence of the tan suede ones, though now, only the latter are authorized.[22]
Insignia [ edit ]
Rank insignia is pinned onto the collar:
Marines from pay-grades E-1 to E-9 wear black insignia.
Marine officers wear polished insignia in garrison, subdued (flat black and brown to replace silver and gold, respectively) or none in the field.
Most badges and breast insignia are authorized for wear on the utility uniform, shined or subdued as appropriate. Landing Support Marines also wear the Red Patch insignia.
MARPAT patterns [ edit ]
MARPAT woodland pattern
MARPAT desert pattern
Prototype of woodland pattern (2001)
Prototype of desert pattern (2001)
See also [ edit ]
Russian President Vladimir Putin says Ukrainian operations in the east are reminiscent of the Nazi siege of Leningrad during the World War II. (Reuters)
Russian President Vladimir Putin says Ukrainian operations in the east are reminiscent of the Nazi siege of Leningrad during the World War II. (Reuters)
Russian President Vladimir Putin on Friday hailed pro-Moscow separatists in eastern Ukraine as “insurgents” battling an army that he likened to Nazi invaders during World War II, and the Ukrainian government raised the prospect of joining NATO as it seeks help to repel what it calls an outright Russian military invasion.
In a statement published on the Kremlin's Web site early Friday, Putin also urged the separatists
to release Ukrainian soldiers trapped since Monday in the southeastern town of Ilyovaisk. The double-edged statement — couched as a humanitarian gesture but perhaps aimed at helping the rebels consolidate control — came a day after the government in Kiev said Russian soldiers, tanks and heavy artillery had begun rolling into the region to help the separatists reverse recent Ukrainian military gains.
Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk said Friday that Ukraine may seek to join NATO, announcing the submission of a bill to parliament that would repeal the country's “non-bloc status,” the Interfax news agency reported.
A Ukrainian military spokesman, Col. Andriy Lysenko, told reporters that Russia continues to send troops and material across the border. He said the force includes tanks bearing inscriptions such as “We are going to Kiev.”
“I assure you that on our shells we won't have any messages like ‘to Moscow' or ‘on to Moscow,' ” Lysenko said. “We are not aggressors. We're just trying to liberate Ukrainian lands.”
1 of 45 Full Screen Autoplay Close Aug. 29, 2014 title slide date slide Aug. 28, 2014 Skip Ad × Russian soldiers advance into Ukraine View Photos Shellings and protests continue in Ukraine as the military conflict escalates in the east. Caption Shellings and protests continue in Ukraine as the military conflict escalates in the east. Aug. 30, 2014 Ukrainian troops evacuate from the rebel-held town of Starobesheve, eastern Ukraine. Sergei Grits/AP Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
Lysenko said the Ukrainian army, after retreating from the southeastern coastal town of Novoazovsk, was ready to defend the key port city of Mariupol, about 28 miles farther west on the Sea of Azov.
Putin did not answer accusations by the Ukrainian government and the West about Russia's military presence in southeastern Ukraine.
Instead, he praised the separatists as “insurgents” who had undermined “Kiev's military operation, which threatened lives of the residents of Donbas and has already led to a colossal death toll among civilians” — a reference to the eastern Ukrainian region known as the Donets Basin, or Donbas, whose unofficial capital is rebel-held Donetsk.
Ukraine's military responded quickly, saying that Putin's call for an exit corridor for encircled Ukrainian troops showed that the separatists are “led and controlled directly from the Kremlin.”
Pro-Russian separatists said they would comply with the Kremlin's request, but it was unclear whether Kiev would accept the offer.
At a youth forum later Friday, Putin said Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko had agreed to a prisoner swap that would include sending 10 captured Russian paratroopers back to Russia.
An advocacy group called Soldiers' Mothers has been pressing Russian authorities for answers on the fate of troops believed to be fighting in Ukraine. Russia responded by putting the Soldiers' Mothers of St. Petersburg on a government list of foreign agents.
Russian military allegedly enters Ukraine and attacks its forces.
In the same appearance, Putin said the recent Ukrainian offensive against pro-Russian rebels reminded him of “the events of the Second World War, when the Nazi occupiers, the troops, surrounded our cities — for example, Leningrad — and point-blank shot at these settlements and their inhabitants.” He added: “It's awful. It's a disaster.”
Although Putin skirted the issue of Russian military involvement in Ukraine, his remarks directly addressing the separatists and his disparaging comments about Ukrainian forces served to escalate the rhetoric surrounding the crisis at a time when Moscow and Kiev are supposed to be talking about prisoner swaps, humanitarian convoys and other matters.
Ukraine's president Petro Poroshenko is scheduled to meet in Brussels today with top European leaders to discuss the situation in Ukraine.
Russian and Ukrainian border security services are also expected to meet at the Nekhoteyevka checkpoint in the Belgorod region of Russia, near to the Ukrainian region of Kharkiv, to discuss the situation along the Russian-Ukrainian border, and strategies to prevent militants and military hardware from crossing back and forth.
Putin also said that Ukraine should not fear federalization, asserting that Russia itself would be moving further in that direction, possibly by shifting some central government authorities to Siberia. That declaration comes barely two weeks after activists calling for more federalism in Siberia were detained and protests on the subject were banned.
However, Russia would not “meddle” with Ukraine's internal affairs, Putin added.
U.S. officials said privately Thursday that they consider the Russian show of military force this week tantamount to an invasion. Speaking at a news conference, President Obama did not use the term but said it was clear the uprising in eastern Ukraine was not “homegrown.”
“The separatists are backed, trained, armed, financed by Russia,” he said.
In a response Friday, Russia's Foreign Ministry again accused the United States of hypocrisy — this time for what it called U.S. disregard for civilians in eastern Ukraine.
“In any other conflict, whether in the Middle East, Africa or anywhere else, the West has consistently opposed actions causing harm to civilians,” the ministry said on its Web site. “It is only in relation to southeastern Ukraine that it holds a diametrically opposite line, in gross violation of international humanitarian law.”
A total of 2,593 people, including civilians, have been killed in the fighting in eastern Ukraine since mid-April, a senior U.N. human rights official said Friday.
“The trend is clear and alarming,” Ivan Simonovic, U.N. assistant secretary general for human rights, told journalists in Kiev. “There is a significant increase in the death toll in the east.”
Simonovic said the number would be close to 3,000 if the 298 victims of downed Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 were counted. Civilian casualties would continue to rise “as each side increases its strength, through mobilization, better organization, or the deployment of new fighters and more sophisticated weapons and support from outside,” he said.
Simonovic had sharp words for both sides.
“Armed groups continue to commit abductions, physical and psychological torture,” he said of the separatists, whose tactics he said were aimed at terrorizing the population under their control. But he added that the United Nations has also heard “disturbing reports of violations committed by battalions under government control.”
Russia's Foreign Ministry criticized the U.N. official as repeating “fabrications against the militia forces of Donetsk and Luhansk” but commended him for addressing “the criminal actions of the Ukrainian army” — although the ministry maintained that his report did not go far enough.
“The mission was forced to admit the obvious,” Foreign Ministry spokesman Alexander Lukashevich said.
Branigin reported from Washington. Annie Gowen in Kiev, Anne Gearan and Karen DeYoung in Washington and Daniela Deane in Rome contributed to this report.
Compared to most librarians, the last 19 months have been unusually dramatic for Natalya Sharina. The 59-year-old director of the State Library of Ukrainian Literature has endured house arrest, repeated court hearings, and a spinal compression fracture in police custody — all after being accused of “inciting ethnic hatred” and “distributing extremist materials.” “I don't understand which of my daily actions as a library director constituted a crime,” Sharina testified in one of dozens of hearings this year. When proceedings against her began in November 2016, the prosecution said Sharina's library housed “extremist” books, including “A War in the Crowd” written by radical Ukrainian nationalist politician Dmitro Korchinsky. Sharina was personally responsible because she put them on the shelves, state prosecutors said. The library director and her defense team argued that she could not be held responsible. “That was never part of my job,” she testified in court. “I never worked with books or readers directly.” But the court was unmoved. On June 5, Sharina was found guilty and handed a four-year suspended sentence. “I am shaken to the core by this whole situation,” the former library director told reporters commenting on the verdict. “It is so surreal—to be convicted only because I am the director of the Library of Ukrainian Literature!”
The trial, which is probably the most controversial Ukraine-related trial of a Russian citizen in recent years, was described by human rights advocates as an “extremism witch-hunt.” Russian authorities have increasingly used anti-extremism laws to go after regular citizens who are anything but “extreme,” Yulia Gorbunova, Russia and Belarus researcher at Human Rights Watch, told The Moscow Times. “Every year, Russian courts hand down hundreds of unlawful ‘extremism' verdicts,” Gorbunova says. The verdicts are usually a response to viewpoints authorities find “threatening or divisive,” she says. In this context, Ukraine and Crimea remain a painfully sensitive topic. Planted evidence? The state's case against Sharina went ahead even as crucial questions remained unanswered. What exactly had the director done that constituted a crime? Where had the extremist materials come from? Russian police first searched Sharina's library—and opened their first extremism case against her—seven years ago. Police found Korchinsky's “A War in the Crowd,” in 2010, not during a raid in October 2015, Sharina testified in court. “We didn't have [that book] in [October 2015]. So we were surprised that this same book was seized in 2015, too,” she said, in what was a tacit allegation the police had planted the text. The defense was also surprised to see an unfamiliar edition of “A War in the Crowd,” offered as evidence during proceedings this year. Sharina's lawyer Ivan Pavlov said, not only was it a different edition from the copy allegedly seized in 2015, it had no library stamps.
Westbrook PD said it happened at the Super 8 Motel on Larrabee Road
Three teens have been arrested after sexually assaulting a 16-year-old girl in Westbrook, police said. Police responded to the Super 8 Motel on Larrabee Road in Westbrook at 8 a.m. on Sunday morning, after reports of suspicious activity in the parking lot. The investigation led police to one of the rooms where detectives said they found that a 16-year-old girl had been sexually assaulted by three males at the hotel. Two of the suspects are juveniles, ages 15 and 16, were arrested and brought to Long Creek Youth Development Center. The third suspect was 19-year-old Garang Majok of Westbrook. Majok was arrested and brought to the Cumberland County Jail. "Sometimes you get lucky. You get called to the right place at the right time, and our officers did a good job of using street experience to do what they typically do and give that victim the space to let the officers know what's going on," Capt. Steven Goldberg said. Investigators are trying to determine how the alleged victim and suspects know each other, but right now police do not think it is linked to human trafficking or online dating.
Three teens have been arrested after sexually assaulting a 16-year-old girl in Westbrook, police said.
Police responded to the Super 8 Motel on Larrabee Road in Westbrook at 8 a.m. on Sunday morning, after reports of suspicious activity in the parking lot.
Advertisement
The investigation led police to one of the rooms where detectives said they found that a 16-year-old girl had been sexually assaulted by three males at the hotel.
Two of the suspects are juveniles, ages 15 and 16, were arrested and brought to Long Creek Youth Development Center.
The third suspect was 19-year-old Garang Majok of Westbrook. Majok was arrested and brought to the Cumberland County Jail.
"Sometimes you get lucky. You get called to the right place at the right time, and our officers did a good job of using street experience to do what they typically do and give that victim the space to let the officers know what's going on," Capt. Steven Goldberg said.
Investigators are trying to determine how the alleged victim and suspects know each other, but right now police do not think it is linked to human trafficking or online dating.
AlertMe
In Malaysian Fuel Prices / By Paul Tan / 1 November 2014 10:03 pm / 190 comments
The government will discuss the possibility of introducing a sales tax for RON95 petrol if global crude oil prices continued on a downward trend at a Fiscal Policy Committee meeting next Wednesday, said Deputy Finance Minister Datuk Ahmad Maslan in a report by Bernama.
He gave an example of charging a sales tax of RM0.58 per litre if the price of RON95 fell to RM1.72 per litre, which would bring the total price for the consumer up to the current price of RM2.30 per litre.
RM0.58 is a hefty 33.72% out of the RM1.72 example price given, but we don't think a fixed 33.72% tax is what the minister meant. Although Bernama's report doesn't specify any formula in particular, we think the intention is to keep the RM2.30 price fixed, and just collect the difference as a tax.
This means if the market price is RM2.10, the difference between RM2.30 and RM2.10 which is RM0.20 would be collected as tax, instead of the same RM0.58 example.
The minister said the other choice would be for the government to simply reduce the price of RON95 down to RM1.72 per litre, but noted that it would mean the government would not be able to collect revenue for the country's development.
According to the minister, the government paid RM23.5 billion in 2013 and RM21 billion in 2014 so far to petroleum companies for petrol subsidies, it needs to recoup the amount. A fuel tax would allow for this.
If there was a prize that could be given out to the most creative father, I'd hope that it was awarded to Jason Lee. A wedding photographer by day, he's used to capturing some of the most important moments in a couple's lives. As a longtime fan of Jason's photos on Flickr however, I think the real magic happens when he turns the camera onto his daughters.
Sure, his children are adorably cute in their own right, but that's not what makes his photos so interesting. It's when he puts his own spin on their everyday moments that we not only get to experience our own childhood again, we're able to see a father's pride shine through.
I was able to get in touch with Jason to ask him a few questions. Read that short interview, below, after seeing some of his wonderfully creative photos.
UPDATE: We're so happy to announce that Jason Lee's adorable photos of his daughters is one of 25 photo stories featured in our new book For Love, published by Chronicle Books! The official release date is March 15, 2016, and the book is currently available to pre-order at Amazon, Barnes and Noble, and Indie Bound.
My Modern Met: How did you get into photography?
Jason Lee: I picked up my first digital camera a year before my first daughter was born, which was about 8 years ago. I really enjoyed taking photos and getting the immediate feedback from digital and it just grew from there.
MMM: How do you come up with such creative photos of your daughters? What's your creative process like?
JL: Most of the ideas come from the girls, from observing them play, or hearing the funny and outrageous things they say. Their day-to-day life also plays a big role for my inspiration. Creative process, hmm, thats a tough one. After coming up with an idea, I then ‘set up' the scene, and often use artificial lighting to enhance the images. It helps to plan out the shoot before hand, so at most, I only have them in the shoot for a minute or two.
MMM: How has being on Flickr helped you with your business?
JL: I generally use Flickr to share photos of the kids, but I have had several inquiries for wedding work after people have seeing my child photography.
MMM: Any inspirational stories you'd like to share?
JL: Well, not sure if this is inspirational or not, but I'd like to share a little bit about why and how this project came about. In 2006, my mother was diagnosed with non-hodgkins lymphoma. The girls were constantly sick, with colds and coughs so I couldn't always bring them to visit her. I started a blog http://kristinandkayla.com as a way to keep my mom up to date with things that were going on in their lives, and hoping to cheer her up with pictures. I still try and keep it updated with photos, but it's at a far less frequency than when I first started.
MMM: Do you have any advice for aspiring photographers?
JL: Don't be afraid to experiment. Take notes. When you have an idea, jot it down somewhere for later. Practice, practice, practice. Start a 365 project, or at least try to shoot something on a consistent basis.
MMM: Any quotes you live by?
JL: Like in Finding Nemo, Dori advises “just keep swimming, just keep swimming.” Replace swimming with taking pictures and I think you have a winning formula : )
Thanks for the interview, Jason, and for letting us share in your fatherhood experience.
Jason Lee: Website | Flickr
Get a behind-the-scenes look at how Jason creates these photos by clicking HERE and learn Jason's top 10 tips on creative kids photography HERE.
More Creative Kids Photography:
Kid Portraits with Character
25+ Photos That Creatively Capture Kids
The Daydreaming Baby (15 photos)
Angels on Earth – Tracy Raver
It goes without saying that functional programming is very different from object-oriented. While it may take a while to grasp, it turns out that functional programming can also lead to simpler, more robust, maintainable and testable solutions.
The First Encounter
In his classic “Clean Code” Robert C. Martin describes a great (and widely adopted) way to object oriented programming. He says code should read from top to bottom like prose. Start with the most high-level concepts and break them down into lower-level pieces. Then when you work with such a source file, you may be able to more easily follow the flow and understand how it works.
It occurred to me it's quite different from how the natural flow of functional programming in Clojure, where typically all users are below their dependencies. I was unsure if (and how) Uncle Bob's ideas apply on this ground. When I tweeted my doubts, his answer was: “You can forward declare”. I can, but still I was not convinced.
The light dawned when I came across Paul Graham's essay titled “Programming Bottom-Up”. The way to go in functional programming is bottom-up, not just top-down.
Language for the Problem
Lisp (and Clojure) have minimal syntax. Not much more than parenthesis. When you look at Clojure source, it's really dense because there is no syntax obscuring the flow. What you can see at the bottom of the file, though, appears to be programed in language created just for this problem.
As Paul writes, “you don't just write your program down toward the language, you also build the language up toward your program. As you're writing a program you may think +I wish Lisp had such-and-such an operator.+ So you go and write it. Afterward you realize that using the new operator would simplify the design of another part of the program, and so on.”
Simplicity and Abstractness
Ending up with a language tailored for the problem is not the only nice feature of functional programming. Compared to object-oriented, functional code tends to be a lot more abstract. There are no intricate nets of heavy stateful objects that very often can't talk to each other without adaptation and need a lot of care to weave together.
Data structures are very simple (if not minimalistic), what makes them easy to use with more functions. They also are immutable, so there is no risk of unexpected side effects. On the other hand, because of simplicity of data structures functions turn out to be much more abstract and generic, and hence applicable in broader context. Add closures and higher-order functions and get a very powerful engine with unlimited applications. Think how much you can do with map alone – and why.
Another way to look at code organization is layers or levels of abstraction. In object-oriented, it usually means that a bottom layer consists of objects which provide some functionality to the higher level. Functional programming takes it one step further: “[each layer acts] as a sort of programming language for the one above.” And if there is a need for distinction to layers, it's only because of levels of abstraction. Much rarelier because of incompatibility and never because of handcuffing encapsulation.
Maintainability and Code Organization
We all know that in object-oriented programming most of the time you should start with the purpose at hand and go for a very concrete, specialized design. “Use before reuse” is the phrase term here. Then, when you need more flexibility you decompose and make the code more abstract. Sometimes it can be a difficult, time-consuming and bug-inducing effort. It's not the case with functional programming. “Working bottom-up is also the best way to get reusable software. The essence of writing reusable software is to separate the general from the specific, and bottom-up programming inherently creates such a separation.”
Compared to OO, refactoring of functional code is trivial. There is no state, dependencies or interactions to worry about. No way to induce unexpected side effects. Each function is a simple construct with well-defined outcome given the direct input. Thanks to that, it's also much easier to test (and cover with automated test suites).
The Curse of Structured Programming
Object-oriented originated from structured programming and all developers inevitably have such background. It takes some training to learn how not to write 2,000-line classes and 500-line methods. It takes much more to learn how to avoid inheritance, program to an interface, compose your code of smaller units and cover them (and their interactions) with tests.
There are ways to make object-oriented programs more likely to succeed, have fewer bugs and be more maintainable. A ton of books has been written on this, including but not limited to excellent and invaluable works by Robert C. Martin, Martin Fowler, Eric Evans, and so on, and so forth. That's a lot of prose! It turns out that object-oriented programming actually is very difficult and needs a lot craftsmanship and attention.
Functional programming is free from many of these issues. What's more, learning it yields great return to an object-oriented programmer. It can teach you a lot about algebraic thinking, but also breaking code down into smaller pieces, intention-revealing names and interfaces, avoiding side effects and probably many other aspects.
AT LEAST two social media users are facing fines of up to $60,000 or five years‘ jail for using Facebook Live to stream the Danny Green-Anthony Mundine fight on Friday.
Facebook users Darren Sharpe and Brett Hevers live streamed the $59.95 pay-per-view across the social media platform, attracting hundreds of thousands of viewers.
While some fans, who didn't want to pay for the match were delighted, the breach of copyright was a serious issue, with the broadcaster saying afterwards it would “take appropriate action”.
“The incident with Facebook last weekend is not just theft. It is a threat to the future viability of live events such as boxing and to the sustainability of the content industry generally,” a spokesman told news.com.au.
“The instigators of the illegal streams on Facebook were made aware that any online streaming of the event was not permitted and one has gone so far as to create a fundraising page in anticipation of his legal costs.”
Any legal action from Foxtel will likely be bad news for those involved, according to a leading copyright lawyer.
Special counsel from Simpsons Solicitors Ian McDonald said those caught illegally broadcasting the fight could be prosecuted under criminal and civil law — the later being the more likely.
“On the information presented it would be a reasonably straight forward matter as there has been the rebroadcast of content over the net, with no suggestion of approval,” he told news.com.au.
“A civil action would see Foxtel chasing compensation based on money lost or for whatever amount would have been charged for a commercial broadcast of the fight.”
Mr McDonald also mentioned the phone call Mr Sharpe received from a Foxtel representative advising him to stop illegally broadcasting the fight.
Foxtel subscriber busted over steaming live event 0:40 A Foxtel subscriber has been caught by Foxtel over stream a live pay-per-view event as is asked to shut the stream down.
“I want you to stop streaming it on Facebook. Just keep watching the fight at home, there are no dramas with that. Just don't stream it on Facebook,” the Foxtel rep could be heard saying.
Mr Sharpe replied he believed he didn't think he was doing anything wrong and would keep streaming for the “78,000 viewers” tuning in.
This was met with another harsh response.
“It's a criminal offence against the Copyright Act, mate. We've got technical protection methods inside the box so exactly this thing can't happen,” the Foxtel rep added.
Mr McDonald said Mr Sharpe could land in even hotter water because he was recorded ignoring requests from Foxtel to cease streaming the content.
“The court would be entitled to additional damages for the infringement because he ignored the notice,” he said.
Foxtel refused to comment on wether it would be going after Facebook for its role in the illegal broadcast, although Mr McDonald believes it has to burden some of the responsibilities.
“Facebook could be a mere conduit because it was the chap was broadcasting the fight using his phone, however the processes to monitor and determine what is being streamed on its service is something that could have the company on the hook.”
When asked on its policies, Facebook said it has human moderators to check what is being streamed, but only after videos reach an undisclosed threshold of viewership.
It added there was also a rights manager system, which copyright holders can use to have illegally posted material removed.
“As more people watch and share live video on Facebook, we've taken steps to ensure that Rights Manager protects live video streams as well,” a Facebook spokesman told Mashable.
“Video publishers and media companies can also provide reference streams of live content so that we can check live video on Facebook against those reference streams in real time.”
Despite claiming to have contingencies in place, Facebook could be doing more to protect the content of rights holders, with the company's Live broadcast map showing multiple broadcasts breaking copyright at any point in time.
If Foxtel takes the streamers to court, it will not be the first high-profile piracy case the subscription TV company has been involved in.
Along with Australia's major film distributor Village Roadshow, Foxtel tested the waters of the new site blocking legislation passed in June 2015.
Both parties applied to have 61 domain names — including the popular Torrentz, IsoHunt, TorrentHound and the Pirate Bay — blocked by Aussie internet service providers.
In December last year, after nearly a year in the court system, a Federal Court handed down the verdict that ruled that ISPs must “take reasonable steps to disable access” to such sites.
The judge also supported the application of rolling injunctions to make it easier to chase offending sites.
It remains to be seen how effectively ISPs, at the behest of rights holders, can prevent access to websites hosting offending material.
Do you think the Facebook Live streamers should be taken to court? Continue the conversation in the comments below or with Matthew Dunn on Facebook and Twitter.
News Corp, the publisher of this website, is a 50 per cent owner of Foxtel.
Facebook's VR division Oculus is finding it difficult to distance from court battles, of late. While the ZeniMax lawsuit is far from over, the company has now been slapped with yet another lawsuit over the 3D imaging technology incorporated in their Rift VR headsets. It has been filed by a lesser-known competitor called Techno View IP Inc. in the Delaware federal court on Thursday.
The California-based technology licensing firm Techno View IP Inc. has sued Facebook-owned Oculus VR for allegedly infringing on the patented 3D-imaging technology, as reported by Reuters. This patented technology enables the VR headgear in processing images to create three-dimensional virtual reality images — projected via lenses in front of the users' eyes.
The licensing company has stated in its lawsuit that Oculus infringes on an existing patent (U.S. Patent No. 7,666,096) called “Method For Generating The Left And Right Perspectives In A 3D Videogame.” This technology concerns simultaneous generation of left and right perspectives in a 3D video game, playable only on a virtual reality headset. It is made possible with the method of dynamic image processing of multiple simultaneous images to create three-dimensional output. Techno View continues to add that Oculus infringes on several other patents held by ImmersiON-VRelia, related to the same technology.
This technology is originally owned by VR headset maker ImmersiON-VRelia, who is allowing Techno View to litigate the patent fight against Oculus on their behalf. ImmersiON-VRelia, with offices in Spain and California, is known to make VR headsets similar to the ones produced by Oculus — Rift developer kit. They also sell VR devices similar to Samsung's Gear VR, which can be used along with a smartphone.
In the lawsuit, Techno View has mentioned that ImmersiON-VRelia's chief executive Manuel Gutierrez Novelo had secured multiple patents related to VR technology in the period between 2003 and 2006. And Oculus, which was founded back in June 2012, is said to be infringing on the family of said patents — related to 3D imaging. Doesn't this sound at least a little bit familiar? Well, yeah, we have already told you Oculus was slapped with a separate lawsuit earlier this year.
Oculus used ZeniMax's hardware and software technology to create a software development kit for the Rift and to develop, modify, and tune the Rift hardware.
This development comes on the heels of its recent tussle with ZeniMax Media Inc, which ended with a $500 million verdict in favor of the latter. During its lawsuit, ZeniMax questioned the capabilities of Oculus CEO Luckey Palmer (who's now quit Facebook) saying that he didn't have the expertise to create a viable software or hardware for this VR startup. Thus, Oculus, which was bought for $2.3 billion by Facebook, was sued for employing copyrighted code created by designer John Carmack while he worked at ZeniMax. The said battle is far from over as Facebook has plans of filing an appeal against the game developer.
Dr. Martin, 61, has her detractors — particularly at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, where she led a failed attempt to secede from the state's university system — but over her career she seems to have collected an even larger group of friends and admirers. Among advocates for campus crime victims, her response to the current crisis has earned glowing praise.
“I think we're very lucky to have her,” said Dana Bolger, a student activist who had criticized Dr. Martin for not moving fast enough to address sexual assault in her first year at Amherst. “I think she wants to create real change.”
That may require all of Dr. Martin's political skills. A faction of Amherst students and faculty members say that fraternities and some sports teams have an insular, hard-drinking, all-male culture that is a large part of the problem, while others on campus and among the college's affluent, mostly male alumni and donors (it was a men's college until the 1970s) dispute that. On one side there are people who question Dr. Martin's commitment to change, and on the other are some who say she was too quick to accept that sexual assault is a problem.
Photo
Last spring, in response to student complaints, Dr. Martin's administration made a series of changes, requiring that a professional investigator look into every complaint of sexual misconduct and hiring an outside expert, Gina M. Smith, to review the school's handling of both accusers and the accused.
But the issue took on a life of its own on Oct. 17, with the publication of the article by a former Amherst student about being raped and then treated dismissively by administrators. It dominated campus conversations, drew worldwide attention and led several others to step forward and say that they, too, had been sexually assaulted at Amherst.
The topic flared anew on Nov. 5 with publication of a note by a former student who committed suicide, saying that he had been sexually assaulted at the school. He recounted an insensitive comment from Dr. Martin after he filed a complaint; she said she remembers the encounter differently.
After the first article appeared, Dr. Martin asked Ms. Smith to investigate the case, acknowledged publicly that the college had handled such episodes poorly, gave news media interviews and held a series of forums for students to express their concerns. She voiced support for ideas like creating a recurring program to remind students about appropriate sexual conduct, victims' rights and the responsibility of witnesses.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Biddy Martin's response is not the norm,” said Colby Bruno, managing attorney at the Victim Rights Law Center in Boston, who has handled rape cases on several campuses. “Usually we see denial, delay and secrecy.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Dr. Martin has a confidence and an easy, direct manner that have helped her go far in the clubby world of higher education, but she also knows what it is like to not fit in. She said that understanding the views of both the insider and outsider is essential to her way of doing business.
She grew up in southern Virginia, where she was a standout student and, at a shade under 5-foot-5, a high school basketball star. She shared a first name with other women in the family, each of whom went by a nickname.
Her parents, a school secretary and a salesman, “thought girls didn't need to go to college, and they worried that I would be turned into a liberal lunatic,” she said. “Their greatest fear was that, as they put it, those eggheads would think they were better than we were, and when I went to William and Mary, I did encounter some prejudice.”
Photo
As a scholar of German literature, and a lesbian, she did not always fit in back home, either — where, she said, “what mattered was high school football.”
She earned a Ph.D. at the University of Wisconsin, and then taught German studies and women's studies at Cornell. There, she developed a lasting habit of spending time with students: on campus walkways, in dining halls and at arts shows and sports events.
Dr. Martin moved into Cornell's administration, becoming provost, the second-ranking position. She reorganized the life sciences departments, whose fields spread across multiple colleges, winning praise for resolving turf disputes.
In 2008, she became the chancellor at the University of Wisconsin and quickly developed a following, particularly among students who saw her as unusually approachable. She even made a cameo appearance in a popular rap video about a school dance. She campaigned for and won a tuition increase, with the additional money plowed into undergraduate education and financial aid for low-income students.
But Dr. Martin's instincts failed her in 2011, when she struck a deal with the state's new governor, Scott Walker. They agreed that the Madison campus would break away from the university system, but they did so without involving the system's president or the Board of Regents. Dr. Martin has said that the governor's office demanded secrecy.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The plan failed in the face of fierce opposition from the system and the Legislature. With her position at Wisconsin uncertain, Dr. Martin left for Amherst a few months later.
She may have been in a no-win position at Wisconsin, said Judith N. Burstyn, who led the executive committee of the Faculty Senate during that fight. “But being insubordinate to your superiors is a difficult position to put yourself in.”
Don M. Randel, a former Cornell provost who worked with Dr. Martin there, sees a theme in her career.
“There's a real boldness and toughness to her, a willingness to take on disagreements, though without being abrasive,” said Mr. Randel, who is president of the Andrew Mellon Foundation. “I think that's what you saw at Wisconsin, and what you're seeing at Amherst.”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Ted Cruz: Donald Trump is a 'sniveling coward' 4:04 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Ted Cruz called Donald Trump a “sniveling coward” and told him to leave his wife “the hell alone” on Thursday after Trump retweeted an unflattering photo of his spouse, Heidi Cruz.
"It's not easy to tick me off. I don't get angry often," Cruz told reporters while campaigning in Wisconsin. "But you mess with my wife, you mess with my kids, that'll do it every time. Donald you are a sniveling coward and leave Heidi the hell alone."
“Our spouses and our children are off bounds,” Cruz warned. "It is not acceptable for a big loud New York bully to attack my wife."
The Texas senator said Trump is scared by “strong women” and that “real men don't try to bully women.”
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Cruz to Trump: 'You're a Sniveling Coward and Leave Heidi the Hell Alone' 0:38 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
However, Cruz declined to answer whether he would support Trump if the current frontrunner captures the GOP presidential nomination.
The rivalry between the two got increasingly personal this week after an anti-Trump super PAC made an ad featuring a photo shoot of Melania Trump from 2000 with the meme caption: "meet Melania Trump. Your next first lady. Or, you could support Ted Cruz on Tuesday."
Trump responded with a tweet threatening to “spill the beans” on Heidi Cruz late Tuesday. Then on Thursday tweeted an unflattering picture of the presidential hopeful's wife.
“Your wife is lovely, and Heidi is the love of my life,” Cruz responded on Twitter.
Donald, real men don't attack women. Your wife is lovely, and Heidi is the love of my life. https://t.co/pprXhIMzUT — Ted Cruz (@tedcruz) March 24, 2016
Donald Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski called Cruz's comments an "effort to gain attention to try and stay relevant in a race that he has lost."
“Mr. Trump, over the last 40 years in business, has had women in significant positions in his corporation that have done amazing work," Lewandowski said. "A number of women run his companies right now. He has excellent relationships with women."
By Jay Syrompoulos
After initially attempting to hide their use of the cell site simulator devices, commonly referred to as a Stingray, the U.S. Department of Justice has announced a number of critical policy revisions regarding the device.
The new guidelines, implemented September 3, require all federal law enforcement agencies, as well as all state and local agencies working in concert with a federal investigation, to obtain a search warrant from a judge before being allowed to deploy the device.
These much-needed policy changes came after journalists and activists worked tirelessly to investigate and expose the use of these devices, often without a warrant, by federal and state law enforcement agencies.
The Stingray device works by mimicking a legitimate cell phone tower, thus fooling cell phones in the area into connecting to the police controlled device. This enables law enforcement to access the unique identifying number for every phone in the proximity of the instrument, and then track a phone's location in real-time.
Additionally, the devices have the capability to route the traffic of all phones in the vicinity through the Stingray. This allows agents the option of recording entire calls, intercepting texts, or even selectively denying service to particular phones.
Investigations across the nation have revealed the extensive use of the technology by federal, state and local law enforcement. It was subsequently revealed that state and local law enforcement agencies were allowed to procure this technology from the FBI and Harris Corporation, makers of the Stingray and related devices. However, they were bound by strict non-disclosure agreements, which prevented any modicum of transparency or accountability.
Think about that for a second.
The FBI and Harris Corporation gave the police a device that can intercept and record people's phone calls, text messages and data, but only allowed them the technology if they signed an agreement that didn't allow them to tell anyone that they were using the device, including judges.
Does this sound like a justice system??
In holding to their agreements, law enforcement went so far to protect the secret use of the device that there were numerous cases in which charges were dropped rather than answer a judge's questions that would potentially reveal the use of the device.
Download Your First Issue Free! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent, Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets
According to the Electronic Frontier Foundation:
What today's changes do:
Federal law enforcement agents will be required to obtain a search warrant supported by probable cause prior to using a cell-site simulator in a law enforcement context. A search warrant requires a showing by the agent, under oath, that meets one of the highest standards in federal law. This incredibly important change is precisely what EFF has been asking for.
Agents will only be allowed to use Stingrays in “pen register” mode, meaning the devices will collect only the basic location of the phone and the numbers of incoming and outgoing calls and texts. Agents will not be allowed to collect the content of your communications — like your emails or text messages — even if the cell-site simulator is capable of such collection.
Finally, Agencies must delete data on users not targeted in either 24 hours or 30 days, depending on context.
What today's changes don't do:
The new policy isn't law and doesn't provide any remedy to people whose data is swept up by Stingrays operated without a warrant. Indeed, it won't even act to keep evidence collected in violation of the policy out of court (this is known as suppression).
The policy doesn't apply to the use of Stingrays outside of the criminal investigation context. For instance, when federal agents use cell-site simulators for “national security” purposes, they won't be required to obtain a warrant by the terms of this policy.
There are two enumerated exceptions to the warrant requirement in today's guidance. The first is the traditional “exigent circumstances” exception, common all warrant requirements and not particularly worrisome. But the second exception listed in today's policy for undefined “exceptional circumstances” is potentially problematic. We have no idea what that means, so we're waiting to see if and how the exception will be used.
While this is a good first step towards providing transparency and accountability in the use of this technology, the fact that this directive covers only federal agencies remains problematic.
American Natural Superfood - Free Sample Many state and local law enforcement agencies continue to attempt to conceal their use of the devices in criminal investigations. There is still virtually nothing, aside from vigilant judges, keeping the warrantless evidence gathered using the Stingray from being presented as evidence in state courts. Without there being any established law regulating the device's use, compliance with the Fourth Amendment's warrant requirement seems like an extremely arbitrary choice, without any real enforcement mechanism to hold violators accountable. The only way to control the rampant and unconstitutional use of this, and similar technologies, is to make an example out of police agencies that choose to flout the Fourth Amendment. They need to be held criminally liable under the law when using the device illicitly or attempting to conceal its use from trial court judges. The warrant requirement should include all state and local law enforcement agencies around the country, similar to that of Washington, which already has laws in place requiring a warrant. The idea that we need a state law to tell the cops to follow the U.S. Constitution's Fourth Amendment's warrant requirement seems patently absurd. Perhaps we need to ask ourselves a larger question; why does law enforcement feel as though they have a right violate innocent America's constitutional right to be free from unreasonable search and seizure? The time has come for law enforcement nationwide to get the message: if you want to use a Stingray, you need to get a warrant! Jay Syrmopoulos is an investigative journalist, free thinker, researcher, and ardent opponent of authoritarianism. He is currently a graduate student at University of Denver pursuing a masters in Global Affairs. Jay's work has been published on BenSwann's Truth in Media, Truth-Out, AlterNet, InfoWars, MintPressNews and many other sites. You can follow him on Twitter @sirmetropolis, on Facebook at Sir Metropolis and now on tsu.
On Saturday, June 27th, in the Booklist booth at ALA's Annual Conference in San Francisco, Terry Tazioli, co-host of TVW's Well Read, spoke with Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and Anna Waterhouse about their forthcoming novel, Mycroft Holmes.
Terry Tazioli: It's my privilege to be here today at the American Library Association's annual conference, at the Booklist booth, and I'm talking to a couple authors, believe it or not. On my left, is Anna Waterhouse. Anna you're a writer.
Anna Waterhouse: I am.
Tazioli: Screenwriter and producer, right?
Waterhouse: Yes.
Terry: And people have seen your writing in things like Power Play, The Secret Garden, and the documentary the two of you did together, On the Shoulders of Giants. And then, this guy over here, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar. He's a writer, too. He's written several books, nonfiction and children's books. This is your first novel, am I right? And he also played basketball, in case you all don't know that. Did you meet each other when the documentary, On the Shoulders of Giants, was in the works?
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar: We met well before that, and talked about projects and ideas for a number of years before we decided to collaborate.
Waterhouse: I met his manager and partner first, and she introduced me to Kareem. We found that we had a lot of interests in common. That's how that started.
Tazioli: I want to hear a little bit more about the collaboration but we'll talk about the book first—Mycroft Holmes. Kareem, you have a long-term interest in the works of Arthur Conan Doyle. Is that right?
Abdul-Jabbar: Yes, I first was aware of Arthur Conan Doyle because when I was a kid I used to watch Sherlock Holmes with Basil Rathbone, the series from England. I always saw Sherlock as a hero. My dad was a police officer, so that all seemed to fit together. When I was early in my basketball career, my rookie year, someone gave me a complete Arthur Conan Doyle anthology, of Sherlock Holmes stories, and I took it with me on my very first long road trip. That kind of got me hooked on crime fiction of all sorts. I branched out from there to Dashiell Hammett and Raymond Chandler and others like that. I had already started reading John le Carré. In high school we read The Spy Who Came in from the Cold. I always had an interest in crime and war fiction. This more or less just fell in place with all of that.
Tazioli: Anna, literature's a big deal for you. This is an understatement, but it's been part of your life for a long time. The kind of writing that you do, though, isn't necessarily books?
Waterhouse: No, it's interesting because I have my master's degree in creative writing, but I've done almost nothing but film. When this opportunity came along it was my first opportunity to write something that I'm actually passionate about, which is fiction. So it was a wonderful connection and a fabulous opportunity.
Tazioli: I think I read somewhere that you [Kareem] are all about the story and you [Anna] all about dialogue. Would you categorize it that way?
Abdul-Jabbar: Yes, I think those are our strengths. I think my strength is story. I didn't have any practical experience writing dialogue, but I've had to tell a lot of stories in my life, so that was one thing and Anna is the exact opposite—she has worked with some amazing people and has been a craftsman of dialogue, so we hoped that it was a good match and looks like it was.
Tazioli: I want to know about collaboration. How did you collaborate? Give me a typical story.
For me, my fear had to do with being able to
tell a story using dialogue. I'd never done that.
Waterhouse: Well, for example, Kareem really wanted this novel to begin with Oxford and Cambridge, the Oxford/Cambridge race in 1870—I didn't know a thing about that. So of course I had to do some research and he coached me through most of it. We started at the race and then he wanted to send those poor guys off to Trinidad, so we had to figure out how to do that—a 10-day boat trip, and make that exciting, but it turned out to be exactly that. It was really, really fun. And we batted it back and forth until both of us were satisfied. Sometimes Kareem wanted more action, sometimes I wanted less dialogue. Whatever it was, we just went back and forth until both of us said, “Okay, that chapter's done. Let's move on.”
Abdul-Jabbar: I think we each have a different feel for different aspects, so any time where her touch was the right touch we went that way. When my touch seemed to work better, we went that way. We played it by ear and just looked forward to trying to keep the story alive and interesting.
Waterhouse: Kareem would come up with something that was so wonderful and wild and I would have no idea how we'd get there, but sooner or later we always got there. That was really, really the best thing. He would know things about 1870 that I couldn't even imagine and we‘d figure out how to make it work in the story.
Tazioli: How do you know things about the 1870s?
Abdul-Jabbar: Well, I read a lot about just the nineteenth century, what travel was all about and why the nineteenth century was such a crucial predecessor to the world that we have now in the twenty-first century. Travel and the things that were crucial—the inventions, or discoveries, that facilitated that. And England was at the center of all that. As a world power for at least two centuries, England was at the center especially of the Industrial Revolution. So all these things just seemed to fall into place and I knew where to go to look for the right kind of detail, the right type of historical detail that gave our story some interest and would pique the interest of the readers. Being a mystery reader, I know the things that interest me—arcane little things that enable you to see the time and the period in better focus.
Tazioli: And Anna, I think you alluded to this a little bit at the beginning—this is a first for you, with fiction? Was there any nail biting or nervousness at the beginning between the two of you?
Waterhouse: I don't think so, I think we went into it both feeling like, “Sure, we can do this.” After a while we thought, “Wow, this is not as easy as we thought.” But, at the very beginning at least, I think we went into it thinking, “Yeah, why not? Sure, fiction. You know, why not?” Also I knew that Kareem was centered on Conan Doyle, so I felt a lot more comfortable getting into this because of that.
Abdul-Jabbar: For me, my fear had to do with being able to tell a story using dialogue. I'd never done that. Being a historian, I deal with facts—get the facts right, get the sequence right, the story tells itself. But fortunately, Anna's skill is in dialogue and she knows how to tell a story using dialogue and I had enough facts and story machinations to keep her challenged with fresh ideas and fresh circumstances. After a while she started coming up with ideas that I could never have thought of. She set things up that will allow us to do a sequel. I wanted to unload everything and she held the right things back. It was, again, very fortuitous that she had an eye for those types of things.
Basketball wasn't a bad career, but writing was something
that had some potential for me the whole time.
Tazioli: A lot of authors come to writing in different ways—what about the two of you? Did it start when you were kids or later in life?
Abdul-Jabbar: For me, it started when I was a kid, just trying to do my history papers. My term papers and book reports. That really started me on this road. I got to college and was challenged to take it a few steps further. I took a course UCLA where the teacher had us write something creative. I didn't know what to do, but gave it my best shot. The instructor felt it was the best paper he received that term. That was what gave me the idea that maybe I could do this for a living. Fortunately, I had basketball to deal with. That wasn't a bad career, but writing was something that had some potential for me the whole time, and I'm glad I've had the opportunity to further act on it.
Tazioli: I love that Sherlock has Dr. Holmes, and Mycroft, Sherlock's brother, has a sidekick too, right? Talk a little bit about this guy—I love that notion.
Abdul-Jabbar: Well I felt that Mr. Holmes would be the type of person who, even though he's so intellectual and so mental, has to have a practical life, and you don't see that in the stories. In the original stories by Doyle, you don't see how he is similar to every man. You only see how he's special. So, I figured that telling this story would give us the opportunity to see that he is more balanced than he appears. Anyone that spends their whole life going between three locations has to have some type of origin that spurred all of this. So, the transition and what formed him and what caused him to make a transition, I think, is what makes his life interesting. It's always a mystery for people who read the stories. How is he like this? How is he able to be like this? The opportunity had been there for over a century. And we got the chance to tell it. I feel very fortunate in that sense.
Waterhouse: And the thing about Cyrus Douglas is he's the first black character that really resonates with the whole Sherlock Holmes “kingdom,” I guess you could say. And he really came alive for us. Cyrus Douglas came alive in a way I don't think I've ever seen. He just was fully formed from the gate, we knew who he was, we knew what kind of person he was, we knew he had to be the ethical person because sometimes Mycroft wasn't. And he had to stand his ground with somebody who was a brilliant intellect like Mycroft Holmes. So, Cyrus is a fascinating character. I think he's more than a sidekick—I think he's a partner in every way.
Tazioli: One last wrap-up question for you. I'm assuming you still like each other after this process. And I'm wondering if either, in your computers or in your brains there might be a Mycroft and Cyrus strike again? Is there a sequel?
Abdul-Jabbar: Well, the publisher has already spoken to us about a sequel. And the book isn't even out. So they must like it. That's why we've been smiling for the past month or so. We got that news and it was great news for us. We've got more work to do but we loved doing this and the second one's going to be even more fun.
Waterhouse: In the car on the way here he was talking to me about his ideas for the sequel. So. . . we definitely have one in mind. At least he's got one in mind. I'm going to wait and see what it is that he really wants to do and then we'll do it.
Tazioli: So, that means that once it's out we come back here, the three of us, and do this again. Okay? Thank you both very much. Anna Whitehouse and Kareem Abdul-Jabbar. Thank you both, so much!
Related
Comments
comments
Work is underway on phase two of the Eddy Street Commons project.
It features 8,500 square feet of restaurant space, 17 flex units and 433 apartments.
It also includes 22 single family homes, a new Robinson community learning center and a stand-alone grocery store.
Phase one is nearly complete with the Embassy Suites set to open September of next year.
Read the full release below:
"Work is underway on Phase II of Eddy Street Commons, the $90 million mixed-use project south of the University of Notre Dame.
"A joint effort by the University and Kite Realty, the project features 8,500 square feet of restaurant space, 17 “flex” units, 433 apartment units, 22 single-family homes, a new Robinson Community Learning Center and a stand-alone grocery store.
"Work on Phase I of the project, featuring 170,000 square feet of retail/restaurant/office space, 266 apartment units, 123 condo units, 78 row/townhomes, a 1,276-vehicle multi-level parking garage, a 119-room Fairfield Inn & Suites and a 164-room Embassy Suites, is nearly complete, with the Embassy Suites set to open in September 2018.
"The mixed-use space — retail, office and apartments — is 100 percent leased, and the condos and townhomes have all been sold.
"Combined, the two phases represent a nearly $300 million investment in the Northeast Neighborhood, a diverse single-family neighborhood directly south of the University characterized by walkable, tree-lined streets and a mix of old and new homes.
"Phase I focused on the first block of Eddy Street directly south of campus, from Angela Boulevard to Napoleon Boulevard. Phase II focuses on the three blocks of Eddy from Napoleon to Indiana 23.
“'Massive steps have already been taken to revitalize and regenerate the Northeast Neighborhood for the good of not only the University but the community as well, and this is the last step,” said Greg Hakanen, director of Northeast Neighborhood Redevelopment for the University.
“Phase II will take the biggest existing negative in the neighborhood and turn it into a major positive.”
"Designed with input from the University, city of South Bend and nearby home and business owners, Phase II consists of five main buildings: two graduate-style apartment buildings and a new Robinson Community Learning Center on the east side of Eddy Street and two market-rate apartment buildings on the west side of Eddy Street.
"Moving north to south, the apartment buildings will step down from four to three stories closer to Howard to blend with the existing single-family homes there. Parking for the market-rate apartments will be underground on the west side of the street, with capacity for 145 vehicles.
"A stand-alone grocery store is proposed for the southwest corner of Howard and Indiana 23, where the Robinson Center now sits. The Robinson Center, an off-campus educational initiative of the University, will move to a new one-story, 13,000-square-foot building across the street.
"In response to requests from residents and business owners for more local business offerings in Phase II, the buildings closest to Napoleon will feature 17 “flex” units — modest street-level units that can be adapted for commercial or residential use depending on demand.
"Examples of the types of businesses that could occupy such spaces include small, local specialty shops, small cafes or coffee shops or insurance or law offices.
"The building at the southwest corner of Eddy and Napoleon, diagonal from Brothers Bar & Grill, will feature 8,500 square feet of ground-floor restaurant space.
"Crews recently broke ground on the graduate-style apartment buildings, with work on the new Robinson Community Learning Center, stand-alone grocery store, row houses, townhomes and other mixed-use buildings to follow.
“'Phase II will complement the look and feel of Phase I and the surrounding neighborhood through its architecture, site design and scale,” said Matt Gabet, senior vice president of operational strategy with Indianapolis-based Kite Realty.
"He praised Notre Dame as a “true partner” in the project.
“'Because of our partnership structure and collective determination, we were able to work through issues, solve problems and deliver the project you see today,” Gabet said.
"He also praised the city of South Bend, which assisted with zoning, planning and financing for Phase I and now Phase II.
“Without our third partner, the city of South Bend, both phases would never have gotten off the ground,” he said. “Unlike a lot of cities, South Bend has been forward-thinking in its approach and use of public/private partnerships to drive investment and growth.”
"Hakanen praised Kite for its commitment to Phase I “through the depths of the 2008-2012 financial crisis and housing crash, which crippled the broader real estate industry.
“'It was this extraordinary commitment to the project that made engaging Kite as the developer for Phase II an easy decision,” Hakanen said.
“'Eddy Street Commons Phase II will build upon Phase I's success in growing the South Bend economy and strengthening the city's relationship with Notre Dame,” South Bend Mayor Pete Buttigieg said.
“Because the project pays for itself, it is a win-win for Notre Dame, local employers and the South Bend community.”
"The project is part of a broader effort on the part of the University, city of South Bend, South Bend Heritage Foundation, Northeast Neighborhood Revitalization Organization (NNRO) and Northeast Neighborhood Council (NENC) to improve the Northeast Neighborhood with strategic investments in education, housing and infrastructure.
"The University sponsors the Notre Dame Avenue Housing Program, a single-family owner-occupied housing program for full-time faculty and staff. And the NNRO has partnered with the city of South Bend and South Bend Heritage Foundation to redevelop The Triangle, a mixed-income housing development between Indiana 23 and Eddy Street Commons featuring 52 single-family homes.
"South Bend Heritage and private developers, meanwhile, have developed even more housing farther west, near the East Bank, filling vacant lots with new market-rate and affordable single-family houses and townhomes.
"Phase II is the final phase of Eddy Street Commons. Completion is set for mid-2020, with the graduate apartments set to open first in mid-2019.
"'Phase I of Eddy Street Commons far surpassed the expectations residents had. The project brought great excitement and a much-needed commercial district within walking distance for many of us,” said Bill Stenz, president of the Northeast Neighborhood Council, one of two neighborhood groups in the area. “Phase II will continue this progress.'”
You finally got round to visit the clock tower, but you noticed that it was closed because of restoration. Furthermore, the great clock was broken! You were about to leave, but then you found out that the clock tower wasn't "closed" in reality, because you made it to go inside... and got lost! Now you have to find the key to escape!
Walkthrough Must Escape the Clock Tower Walkthrough
â€¢ You start in the clock room, you will need to place items here later, first move right.
â€¢ Click the trunk to slide it, click it again to slide it and then once more so it is under the cog. You can now reach the cog but you need something to unbolt it.
â€¢ Move right, there's a date on one of the barrels, 1972, remember this number you will need it in a moment.
â€¢ Go down to the fourth floor. There's a door under the steps, it's jammed so you will have to come back to it later. Move left, click on the red box. The pass code is 1972 so change the numbers and then click the button to open the box. Inside you will find a wrench, take the wrench.
â€¢ Now move right, up and then left. Use the wrench to unbolt the cog and then take the cog.
â€¢ Now move right, down and then left. Place the cog on the post next to the other cog. Then pull the lever to raise the gate.
â€¢ Move left and then down. Open the door under the steps. Inside you will find a crowbar. Take the crowbar.
â€¢ Move up, then right, right and use the crowbar to open the jammed door. Inside you will find some boots. Click the boots to take a closer look. Now look at the bottom of the boot, click the small lid to reveal a silver key, take the silver key.
â€¢ Move up and then left. Use the silver key to unlock the door and then go inside.
â€¢ Click on the open box on the left under the table, move the nuts and bolts to reveal a broken piece of cog, take the piece of cog.
â€¢ Click the green box on the top shelf. There are 3 buttons that change color when clicked. The order is found by using the pictures on the wall from smallest to largest. Blue, Yellow, Green. After you change the buttons click the switch to open the box. Inside you will find a bottle of glue, take the bottle of glue.
â€¢ Click the black mold on the table. Take the piece of cog and place it into the mold(left side)
â€¢ Now press the down button to leave this room. Move right, down, left, left, down, right, right, down.
â€¢ Take a look at the white book on the book shelf, there are 4 colors from top Green, Red, Yellow, Blue. Click on the book, change the buttons to match the colors on the book, then click the switch to open the book. Inside you will find another piece of broken cog. Take the piece of cog.
â€¢ Move left, click the plate to move it aside. Under the plate you will find another piece of broken cog. Take the piece of cog.
â€¢ Move right, up, left, left, up, right, right, up and then left. Now you should be on the 5th floor. Go back inside the door you unlocked. Click on the mold on the table. Insert the other two pieces of broken cog. One all of the pieces are set get the glue and glue the pieces together. Once the pieces are glued together, take the completed cog!
â€¢ Leave the room and then move right, down, left, left, down, right, right, down and then left.
â€¢ Place the cog you just made on the post next to the other cog. Then click the lever to activate the dumbwaiter. Once the dumbwaiter comes down you will find a tool box, click the tool box to take a closer look. Inside you will find a screwdriver and hammer, take them both.
â€¢ Move left, take a big crate(You can only hold one of these at a time) then move down, right, right and set the crate down on the right side of the floor under the pin you can't reach.
â€¢ Now go left, left, up and grab another crate. Go down right, right and set the crate on top of the other crate.
â€¢ Now go left, left, up and grab the last crate. Go down right, right and set the crate on top of the other crates. Now you can reach the pin on the right of the bar, take the pin.
â€¢ While in this room, click on the coat hanging on the rack, inside the pocket you will find a black key, take the black key.
â€¢ Move all the way back to the 5th floor, turn left and go back into the room. Use the hammer on the wooden rod sticking in the table. The wooden rod will fall out the bottom. Take the piece of wood.
â€¢ Leave this room, move right, down, left, left, down, right.
â€¢ Open the door to the fireplace, light the piece of wood to make a torch.
â€¢ Move right, down, left, left, down. Open the door under the steps, use the torch to remvoe the cobwebs and then take the blue key.
â€¢ Now move right, light the candles on both sides of the tapestry. Once the candles are lit the tapestry will raise up. Underneath you will find a piece of wood screwed to the wall. use the screwdriver to remove the 4 screws. Once the screws are removed the board will move to reveal a medium gear, take the gear.
â€¢ Now move left, up, right, right, up, left and then use the black key to unlock the door and go inside. There's a cabinet inside, use the blue key to unlock the cabinet. Inside you will find a big gear, take the big gear.
â€¢ Leave this room, move left, up, right, right, up, left, left. You should be in the clock room. take the medium gear and place it in the center of the shaft. Then place the big gear on the center and finally place the pin. Once the gears and pin are in place a gold key will fall once the clock starts moving. Take the gold key.
â€¢ Go down all the way to the first floor and to the right. Use the gold key to unlock the door and escape!
hat tips: 21st Century Wire, Ellen Brown, StormCloudsGathering, Dr. Paul Craig Roberts, WikiLeaks, David Icke, Fight for the Future, Eric Zuesse
“The corporations have bribed the political leaders in every country to sign away their sovereignty and the general welfare of their people to private corporations. Corporations have paid US senators large sums for transferring Congress' law-making powers to corporations.” – Dr. Paul Craig Roberts, former Assistant Secretary to US Treasury, former editor of the Wall Street Journal
Trans-Pacific-Partnership (TPP) is “secret national security legislation” that President Obama and both parties' “leaderships” refuse to disclose to the American public, and only visible from WikiLeaks. President Obama attempted “fast track” dictatorial power for Congress to vote for TPP without access to full text or public consideration. “Fast track” violates the US Constitution's requirement for the Senate to ratify all treaties with 2/3 vote by claiming that 50% is somehow the same (a tie is broken by the VP, so 50% is enough). President Clinton's justification of “fast track” is here.
TPP is Emperor's New Clothes' unconstitutional because it allows a foreign three-person tribunal chosen by the same .01% oligarch powers that created TPP to have power to tax Americans billions of our dollars for claimed “damages” of corporations. These three persons appointed by TPP interests would have dictatorial power to protect corporate claimed “future profits.” From Ellen Brown:
“To date, the highest ISDS award has been for $2.3 billion to Occidental Oil Company against the government of Ecuador over its termination of an oil-concession contract, this although the termination was apparently legal. Still in arbitration is a demand by Vattenfall, a Swedish utility that operates two nuclear plants in Germany, for compensation of €3.7 billion ($4.7 billion) under the ISDS clause of a treaty on energy investments, after the German government decided to shut down its nuclear power industry following the Fukushima disaster in Japan in 2011.”
President Obama led the lies of commission and omission for TPP: “If we don't write the rules, China will.” Obama's actions reminds of Bush Jr.'s Senior Advisor, Karl Rove's admission:
“We're an empire now, and when we act, we create our own reality. And while you're studying that reality – judiciously, as you will – we'll act again, creating other new realities, which you can study too, and that's how things will sort out.”
Readers and writers in alternative media can explain, document, and prove that much of these “created realities” like TPP are “Big Lie” crimes, objectively not even close to the foundational principle of “limited government” within the US Constitution, and “created” with whatever bullshit rhetoric their focus groups conclude most likely to sell (thank you, Professor Frankfurt, for your bestseller making BS an academic term).
Readers and writers in alternative media observe escalating US and developed nations' “created reality” crimes in ~100 areas, but perhaps most easily recognized in:
Good news is that solutions are obvious; the challenge for Earth's victory over these literal psychopathic “leaders” is to cause critical mass of humanity to recognize “Emperor's new clothes” obvious crimes, demand arrests, and split the ~95% of humanity who would choose love and justice from relatively few committed psychopathic wanna-be slave masters.
Great news is that readers and writers in alternative media are certainly free to “study what the psychopaths do,” their crime du jour, AND we are also free to take the endgame path to:
Declaring our study over; we've seen more than enough. Command the facts over a few key areas of the “Big Lie” crimes (feel free to take the three I have above). Confidently demand arrests and/or Truth & Reconciliation.
“The accumulation of all powers, legislative, executive, and judiciary, in the same hands, . . . may justly be pronounced the very definition of tyranny. . . . Were the power of judging joined with the legislative, the life and liberty of the subject would be exposed to arbitrary control, for the judge would then be the legislator.” – James Madison, Federalist Paper # 47
**
Note: I make all factual assertions as a National Board Certified Teacher of US Government, Economics, and History, with all economics factual claims receiving zero refutation since I began writing in 2008 among Advanced Placement Macroeconomics teachers on our discussion board, public audiences of these articles, and international conferences. I invite readers to empower their civic voices with the strongest comprehensive facts most important to building a brighter future. I challenge professionals, academics, and citizens to add their voices for the benefit of all Earth's inhabitants.
**
Carl Herman is a National Board Certified Teacher of US Government, Economics, and History; also credentialed in Mathematics. He worked with both US political parties over 18 years and two UN Summits with the citizen's lobby, RESULTS, for US domestic and foreign policy to end poverty. He can be reached at Carl_Herman@post.harvard.edu
Note: Examiner.com has blocked public access to my articles on their site (and from other whistleblowers), so some links in my previous work are blocked. If you'd like to search for those articles other sites may have republished, use words from the article title within the blocked link. Or, go to http://archive.org/web/, paste the expired link into the box, click “Browse history,” then click onto the screenshots of that page for each time it was screen-shot and uploaded to webarchive. I'll update as “hobby time” allows; including my earliest work from 2009 to 2011 (blocked author pages: here, here).
We have technology as a part of our life. And instant message providers are more than just messengers and chat applications, thanks to their user interface such as WhatsApp, Telegram and WeChat. Can such flexibilities be extended to selling and buying of cryptocurrencies just over a chat?
May be TeleX AI can help, the platform allows user to store, trade and invest in cryptocurrencies with a simple chat.
In this technological era, mobile apps have user friendly interface which can be used even for a complex task. This revolution can be leverage through chatbot using TeleX AI platform. This artificial intelligence platform is developed to render cryptocurrency-related services using chatbot application interface. Crypto investors and traders require wallets and exchange and Telex AI provides the same through its services. The platform gives user friendly interface to tackle and saves time as no need to download or install any application.
An initial market research conducted by TeleX AI team of developers showed that simplicity and convenience in user experience are what millennial cryptocurrency users are looking for. Users can use the platform to store the fund in their account, send and receive coins. There is more to TeleX AI then buying and selling cryptocurrencies i.e. providing market data, selling mining contracts, giving trading signals, etc.
Users interact with the chatbot through the Telegram interface; conversations are interpreted and processed by the chatbot backend, which is connected to the liquidity engine. The liquidity engine tracks the user balances and routes the deposits to several altcoin exchanges to provide liquidity. The orderbooks of those altcoin exchanges are copied and whenever a user gives an order through the Telegram interface, the order is given in one of the attached exchanges, depending on the price and availability of TeleX AI's pooled funds in those exchanges.
The roadmap gives an overview of what we can expect if they meet the deadline. The Telex AI token (TLX)-a complete ERC20 token and the price of 1 TLX is $0.075 USD.
More information about the project and the ICO are available on the website https://telexai.com/
https://www.facebook.com/TeleX-AI-1286838178106001
https://twitter.com/Telex_AI
https://t.me/telexai
https://t.me/telexaichannel
The article is published for participation in the marketing program. Please take advice before investing as investments in the crypto currency are high-risk.
Only one of the more than 80 Ontario doctors being investigated for prescribing extraordinarily high doses of opioids is facing potential disciplinary action, according to an interim report from a regulatory body that fears harsher punishments could lead to physicians abandoning their opioid-addicted patients.
The College of Physicians and Surgeons of Ontario (CPSO) announced on Friday that it has finished two-thirds of its probes into the prescribing behaviour of 84 doctors, all of whom were flagged by the Ministry of Health and Long-Term Care after a review of the province's narcotics monitoring system.
In the vast majority of its completed investigations, the self-regulator that oversees Ontario doctors opted to focus on "remediation," rather than on disciplining physicians who were found to have prescribed opioid painkillers in amounts equivalent to more than 150 Tylenol 3s a day.
Story continues below advertisement
Read more: Conflicts of interest didn't influence new opioid standards: review
CPSO president David Rouselle said the college has "major concerns" that the threat of punishment could cause doctors to drastically reduce or cut off supplies of opioids to patients who are physically dependent on the painkillers, prompting the patients to take illegal drugs.
"It's the worst time in history to turn people on to a street supply that's contaminated with fentanyl and other dangerous substances," Dr. Rouselle said. "We really are trying to get the message out to the profession that this is an educational process. We don't want them to be afraid to prescribe appropriately."
The CPSO said that of the 56 investigations completed so far, 33 resulted in sanctions less serious than formal discipline, including requiring a doctor to work under the guidance of a supervisor, undergo more education or stop prescribing narcotics.
Six of those doctors also received a "caution" – a formal warning that appears on a doctor's public record. Three of them are no longer practising.
In 16 of the cases, no action was taken. In four, the doctors were offered informal advice and in two, they agreed to do some "remedial self-study."
The remaining 28 investigations are expected to be completed by the end of this year.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The one high-dose prescriber who is facing a formal disciplinary hearing is Dr. Robert Cameron, a family doctor who works at a walk-in clinic in Windsor.
The CPSO has twice suspended Dr. Cameron's medical licence for unrelated wrongdoing.
In 2013, the college suspended him for three months after police charged him with sexually assaulting a nurse and uttering threats to her about another doctor, who Dr. Cameron said he would like to meet "in a dark alley with a baseball bat."
The criminal charges were withdrawn in 2010 when Dr. Cameron agreed to a one-year peace bond.
In 2011, the college suspended him for one month for failing to "see, assess, treat or respond" to a two-year-old child who was suffering a life-threatening anaphylactic reaction in his clinic.
Messages left for Dr. Cameron at the walk-in clinic Friday were not returned.
Story continues below advertisement
Earlier this year, an expert group convened by McMaster University in Hamilton produced new guidelines for opioid use in patients with chronic, non-cancer pain. The group strongly recommended against prescribing more than the equivalent of 90 milligrams of morphine a day to patients.
The 84 doctors flagged for investigations were prescribing the equivalent of more than 650 milligrams of morphine per day to multiple patients.
On Friday, the CPSO's council voted to update its overall drug-prescribing policy to reflect the new Canadian guidelines.
An ongoing Globe and Mail investigation has found that federal and provincial governments across the country did not do enough to forestall the rise of an opioid epidemic rooted in the over-prescribing of powerful painkillers such as oxycodone, hydromorphone and fentanyl.
The crisis has deepened with the arrival in Canada of illicit fentanyl, a synthetic opioid that street dealers are cutting into illegal drugs, primarily heroin and cocaine.
On Thursday, British Columbia announced that fentanyl was detected in 81 per cent of the illicit-drug overdose deaths in that province in the first seven months of this year. British Columbia has recorded 876 suspected illicit-drug overdose deaths so far in 2017, up 82 per cent from the same period last year.
Story continues below advertisement
Ontario, meantime, saw 865 opioid-related deaths in 2016, the most recent year for which figures are available. That is a 19-per-cent increase over 2015. Fentanyl was detected in 40 per cent of the 2016 deaths.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's decision to abandon electoral reform, laid out last week by his newly-minted minister of democratic institutions, is a cynical and calculated step.
It's the kind of action we became used to under his predecessor, Stephen Harper, and it holds Canada in the minority of countries that still use the “first-past-the-post“ system – a regrettable legacy from the days of Britain's colonial empire.
Taking this step – and saying "consensus has not emerged" (read: Canadians don't care) – suggests that Trudeau is comfortable with a system that contributed to the election of a man like Donald Trump. It also cemented the rule of Stephen Harper for nine straight years, a man who, by the end of his administration lacked support from many of his own party members.
The implications, therefore, are much darker than an obscure back-room resolution by the Liberal caucus.
More unfair elections to come
This decision signals continued unfair elections, in which minorities usually win majorities and in which the majority of voters are disenfranchised. It signals an end to a promise of consensus-based decision-making, more odious distortion of democratic principles and a need for strategic voting.
Most importantly, the norm of unfair elections means that the locus of political action will continue its slow but steady movement out of the formal structure of government and Parliament, and back into the streets, communities and inevitably into the courtrooms of the nation.
Just look south of the border if you want to see where Canada will soon be headed, given this regrettable turnaround. The protest movements in the U.S. have mounted steadily since Trump's election.
(The U.S. presidential election is carried out by a peculiar system of state Electoral Colleges, which override the popular vote; these Colleges are, however, heavily influenced by the first-past-the-post system, which determines the election of every member of the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives.)
I personally voted strategically in the 2015 election, because I was deeply distressed by the possibility that Stephen Harper would be reelected with a majority, the first-past-the-post system forces such behaviour. In past years, I have never voted strategically, feeling that it was better to stand for what one believed than to hold one's nose and vote for a party that was a second or third choice.
In 2015, I felt I had no choice and hoped I'd never have to do it again.
Former prime minister Stephen Harper and his wife make their formal departure from politics and public life at the Conservative Convention in Vancouver, B.C. on Thurs. May 26, 2016. Photo by Elizabeth McSheffrey
After Trudeau's flip-flop, it will be hard to take the act of voting seriously again, because election outcomes will continue to be deeply unrepresentative of the full spectrum of Canadian political values. Although Trudeau is clearly more acceptable to most Canadians by a country mile than his predecessor, decisions like this reveal his party's willingness to engage in self-serving gamesmanship, probably counting on the brouhaha in U.S. politics as a public distraction.
It also indicates that this country, like the United States, will continue to be vulnerable to an ideologue who captures the public attention, even one who embraces misogyny, racism and hard-line nationalism.
How we got here
Before the 2015 election, this is what the Liberal website – replete with a photo of the prime minister in full flight – had to say about elections and electoral reform:
“We will make every vote count. We are committed to ensuring the 2015 will be the last federal election conducted under the first-past-the-post voting system. We will convene an all-party Parliamentary committee to review a wide variety of reforms such as ranked ballots, proportional representation, mandatory voting and online voting. This committee will deliver its recommendations to Parliament. Within 18 months of forming government we will introduce legislation to enact electoral reform.”
Nothing could be clearer: electoral reform, during the last election campaign, was on the way. It was just a matter of time.
Then, a month before the special House of Commons committee on electoral reform finished its deliberations on Nov. 28, 2016, Trudeau started hinting that he would only change the electoral system “if Canadians are open to it.” Some speculated that this shift was related to the fact that the Liberal Party's favoured system, the so-called “ranked ballot” system, was not supported by either experts or committee members. This system, which, with current voting patterns, might have changed very little (except possibly future voting patterns) did not gain much traction in the special committee's deliberations.
Then a few days later, the committee released its report, emphatically recommending that Canada move towards a proportional voting system – as suggested by the majority of expert witnesses who came before the committee. It also recommended a referendum, which the Liberal government was supposed to (for very good reasons: they have rarely been used, and they have never worked particularly well as they are so subject to manipulation).
The federal government special committee on electoral reform, including NDP MP Nathan Cullen (speaking) and Green Party leader Elizabeth May, holds a press conference in December 2016. File photo by Canadian Press
But nothing bound the Liberal government to do anything it absolutely didn't want to do. The field was open – to any form of proportional electoral design.
A few days later, the government sent out a questionnaire, called “My Democracy,” which contained 30 questions with no opportunity to indicate a preference for one electoral system over another. Nonetheless, a majority of respondents favoured collective decision-making, co-operation between parties and direct policy negotiations between parties – all hallmarks of proportional electoral systems.
Finally, on Feb. 1, it was up to Democratic Institutions Minister Karina Gould – a junior minister barely three weeks into her new mandate – to toss out the process of electoral reform, having already aroused suspicions a few weeks earlier that this might happen. Gould, who has an impeccable record of advocacy for social justice prior to running for office, had already demonstrated her willingness to sacrifice principles for political expediency; in August, 2015, when she declared her election candidacy, she carefully deleted social media messages that criticized development of the oilsands and pipelines.
Despite the fact that over 80 per cent of experts presenting to the special committee had recommended a proportional system, and four of five Canadians involved in national consultations had said the same, Trudeau and other liberal leaders claimed that there was no consensus (a conclusion, in my opinion, that ranks up there with Kellyanne Conway's "alternative facts").
So far there has been no word about electoral reform being simply postponed, or any hint of a timetable for recapturing the momentum generated by the committee's deliberations and months of public's engagement'
Why FPTP is so hazardous
The first-past-the-post system generates unfair and distorted outcomes.
The Harper government, for example, was elected in 2011 with 39.62 per cent of the votes, which won them 166 seats in the House of Commons. The Trudeau government was elected in 2015 with 39.5 per cent of the votes – a mere 0.12 per cent difference.
In both cases, the party that came second in each election received votes from nearly one third of the voting public.
Many Canadians would agree that the two governments were and are poles apart, both in attitudes and conduct, yet under the current system, they each came to power with support from fewer than two of five voters.
The first-past-the-post system tends to generate such major swings in government behaviour, based on incomplete support from the electorate, because winners tend to be minorities. In the recent US election, the contrast between the two candidates and their platforms – Trump the rogue neophyte, intent on sowing discord, and Hillary Clinton the establishment favourite, focused on maintaining the status quo – left voters no opportunity for nuance, variety or detail in their voting choice.
This is because first-past-the-post elections are really designed for a two-party system, and if there isn't one, it leads inexorably to it. It impels voters towards strategic voting. Voters calculate how they will vote not simply on the basis of candidate positions but also on the likelihood of a candidate being elected.
Voters make compromises about who they will vote for, to try to make their vote count.
Under the current system, then, some voters have three disagreeable choices: don't vote at all; vote for a candidate they don't really want to elect, but who is likely to get in and is less unsatisfactory than the others; or vote for the party in which they believe, knowing that their candidate will go down to defeat.
First-past-the-post creates large numbers of "wasted" votes, according to this graphic by Fair Vote Canada.
Weird outcomes of FPTP
The fate of the Green Party in the U.S. illustrates the imbalance. Despite having a credible leader and despite receiving 1.45 million votes – over one per cent of the popular vote – Greens didn't win a single seat in November 2016.
In Canada, bizarre outcomes from first-past-the-post abound.
In the 1993 Canadian federal election, the Bloc Québecois received 13.5 per cent of votes – 1,846,024 to be exact – but received 49 seats in the House of Commons. It became the Official Opposition because its supporters were concentrated in one part of the country. The Progressive Conservative Party, which had had 156 seats prior to the election, wound up with only two seats, even though it received just over 16 per cent of votes – roughly 340,000 more than the Bloc.
As in so many elections before and after, the party that won that election – the Liberals – did so with a mere two fifths of the votes cast.
Here's an even crazier example.
In 2008, the Green Party received 937,613 votes, comprising 6.8 per cent of the votes cast. It gained no seats in the House of Commons – zero per cent of the total seats available. The Bloc Québecois received slightly more votes – 1,379,991 (just under 10 per cent) – but earned 49 seats, once again because its support was entirely concentrated within one province. By contrast, the New Democratic Party received nearly twice as many votes as the Bloc Québecois (2,515,288, or 18.2 per cent), but earned 22 fewer seats, because its voter support was diluted by location.
Here's where that leaves us
The decision by the Liberal Party to stick to the current voting system will have far-reaching consequences for democracy. It will, of course, deepen the level of citizen cynicism, especially among young people, as the commitment to this process was so utterly explicit.
Going back on such a clear-cut commitment without any expression of regret, or any indication of intent to revisit the matter in the future, is high-handed and inexcusable. More importantly, this decision condemns future generations of Canadian citizens to the vagaries of a system that is clearly outmoded in today's multifaceted, interactive and collaborative world.
If disapproval of this decision is intense and sustained enough, the Liberals (or future governments) will feel pushed, at some point down the road, to open the door again to electoral reform. That means ordinary citizens need to keep the memory alive of what Green Party leader Elizabeth May described as a betrayal that involved “our feminist Prime Minister [throwing] two young women cabinet ministers under the bus on a key election promise.”
Young generations depend on those in power today to set up a system that is equitable and balanced. They don't want — and can't afford — to be disabled by cynicism. They want a system that will allow them to work together to constructively solve the problems created by humankind during the era in which we have started changing the physical functions of the planet.
In this tumultuous time, we need to choose a different path – all of us working together. Sadly, in this case, Canada's prime minister has ignored our need.
Editor's Note: This piece has been corrected from a previous version that said in the 2008, the Green Party of Canada took one seat. They did not, in fact, take any.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
I ... the ... ay ay ay ay ay ay ay ay and the other to eighteen thousand taxis in home call ... that take ... years and I ... want to read Korean is ... today ... the Yankees ... protesters took to the streets ... might lead to the streets of ... Britain ... we are sexy drug is ... really only like trades to make a living ... they speak of the ... crisis ... I ... don't ... you ... see what they ... do all the people ... I'm just going ... what would lead them to ... the ... the huge ... lead and let the kids ... the new ... I ... and his ... team ... I ... the piece I ... mean ... you ... to me ... I ... he ... the issue ... I ... Ch ... one ... my ... door ... once it ... Ch ... I ... just opting for a while ... I ... the meal ... so ... I ... so ... the ... didn't intend ... to depict a sudden ... it doesn't have to ... convince the ... cyclical bull and ... sentenced to ... I ... booking seconds ... Sammy was the ... was it ... thus you don't know why ... them ... Espírito is the most likable but didn't ... with the Fed ... to ... see so ... that it ... all ... to someone ... for the full blog and almost double the going on ... the moment ... the board ... want a genuine ... what with the digital us up Sunday and hope ... since ... I ... it's ... I ... the seat ... I ... I ... the ... I ... to be ... the ... thus it yet ... I ... she seeks ... review ... with the sun ... what do you think ... we are ... I ...
Internet For The Wealthy On The Way Unless We Stop It
Obama's FCC Chair Seeks End To Net Neutrality
The Occupy the FCC camp is over. Stay tuned for next steps!
Take Action Today: Immediate mobilization required to save open Internet
*** We need to turn up the heat! Join us to at the FCC (12th St and Maine Ave, SW) in Washington, DC every day from May 7 to May 15 at noon and 5 pm to picket. We are here 24 hours a day so you can join us at any time and bring your sleeping bag if you can stay overnight. Spread the word.***
[emailpetition id=”8″]
In what the New York Times describes as “a net neutrality turnaround” the Obama administration's new FCC chairman is proposing rules that will create an Internet for the wealthy. The new plan to create a pay to play Internet came to light Wednesday in the Wall Street Journal.
Under the plan wealthy corporations will be able to purchase faster service, while those that cannot do so will have slower service. Rather than an open Internet for all the US will be moving to a class-based Internet. Of course, this will mean that when Netflix and other corporations purchase faster Internet, the consumers who use their service will be paying more to watch movies and download information. As a result, more money will be funneled from working Americans to wealthy telecom giants.
We recently wrote that the United States has lost its democratic legitimacy and now was a plutocratic oligarchy. This is what plutocracy looks like – policies designed for the wealthy, so they can make more money from the rest of us.
According to the Times:
“The new rules, according to the people briefed on them, will allow a company like Comcast or Verizon to negotiate separately with each content company – like Netflix, Amazon, Disney or Google – and charge different companies different amounts for priority service.
“That, of course, could increase costs for content companies, which would then have an incentive to pass on those costs to consumers as part of their subscription prices.”
In the future, if a new start-up – the future Twitter or Facebook – begins it will have a very hard time competing with those who are established Interne companies because the slower service of the start-ups will make them less consumer friendly. As a result we can expect less creativity on the Internet. As Stacy Higginbotham wrote: “The plans took the hallmark of network neutrality — the notion that ISP shouldn't discriminate between the traffic flowing over their networks — and turned it on its head.”
The proposal is being shared with other members of the Commission today. There will then be amendments suggested garnering majority support and the plan is to vote on the proposal on May 15,
Take action now.
In a call to action, Save The Internet writes:
What if you had only three weeks before the Internet you know and love was about to disappear?
Would you spend your time binging on listicles or the final season of Breaking Bad? Or would you do something about it?
Would you email all your friends with the news? Blast your social media networks? Demand that Congress and the president keep this amazing invention from going away?
If the Internet had only three weeks left, would you take to the streets and raise hell?
I bet you would.
And here's your chance to prove it: Because three weeks from today the Internet as we know it may not disappear, but it could be a lot closer to the precipice.
To Contact the Commissioners via E-mail
Chairman Tom Wheeler: Tom.Wheeler@fcc.gov
Commissioner Mignon Clyburn: Mignon.Clyburn@fcc.gov
Commissioner Jessica Rosenworcel: Jessica.Rosenworcel@fcc.gov
Commissioner Ajit Pai: Ajit.Pai@fcc.gov
Commissioner Michael O'Rielly: Mike.O'Rielly@fcc.gov
To call and contact commissioner's offices, call 1-888-225-5322.
In addition, call your elected representatives. Tell them if net neutrality is ended, you will hold them accountable by withholding your vote. Both parties hope to control the senate after the mid-term elections, so you have more power than usual to let them know they are losing your vote if they fail to take action to stop the FCC proposal. The number for Congress is 202-224-3121.
Finally, sign the petition at the link above:
Dear FCC,
I am writing to oppose rules that will allow for discrimination on the Internet – where the wealthy can purchase faster Internet service and everyone else continues to have slower service.
I do not want telecom giants and wealthy Internet companies to determine the future of the Internet. I want new ideas to flourish on the Internet and not be blocked because they do not have sufficient funds to purchase fast service and compete.
I do not want the Internet to be turned into another vehicle that allows money to flow from working Americans to the wealthiest — where web-based services like Netflix purchase faster service and pass the costs on to consumers.
The proposal being considered would kill rather than protect Net Neutrality and allow rampant discrimination online. The Internet should be viewed as a public good and should be operated consistent with our rights to Freedom of Speech and Freedom of the Press. Turning the Internet into a pay to play scheme is unacceptable.
[Signature]
Chairman Wheeler knows this proposal is going to be unpopular and in response to the Wall Street Journal and New York Times is denying there has been a “turnaround.” But, his statement is carefully worded and would allow exactly was has been reported.
How Did We Get To Class-Based Internet?
This move to end net neutrality should be placed at the door of President Obama and the US Senate. Obama appointed a former industry head to become chair of the FCC and the Senate unanimously confirmed him.
In April 2008 during his presidential campaign, Barack Obama took the side of the people saying: “The most important thing we can probably do is to preserve the diversity that's emerging through the Internet…something called net neutrality. I will take a backseat to no one in my commitment to network neutrality.” While he campaigned as a populist he has governed as a plutocrat – on this issue and so many others.
When Tom Wheeler was nominated by President Obama to become the Chairman of the FCC many in the internet freedom community expressed deep concerns. For decades Wheeler had represented the telecom industry in Washington, DC. From 1979 to 1984, Wheeler headed the National Cable Television Association, now named the National Cable and Telecommunications Association. He then worked in the telecom industry for 8 years followed by taking over as head of the Cellular Telecommunications & Internet Assn. in 1992, leaving in 2005. Wheeler went on to become a major Obama fundraiser and adviser. In fact on his bio page at the FCC this is expressed as “He is the only person to be selected to both the Cable Television Hall of Fame and The Wireless Hall of Fame, a fact President Obama joked made him ‘The Bo Jackson of Telecom.'” Appointing Wheeler was akin to putting the industry in charge of the future of the Internet.
Save The Internet reports this could be the end of the Internet as we know it: “It means we could be headed toward a pay-per-view Internet where Web sites have fees. It means we may have to pay a network tax to run voice-over-the-Internet phones, use an advanced search engine, or chat via Instant Messenger. The next generation of inventions will be shut out of the top-tier service level. Meanwhile, the network owners will rake in even greater profits.”
Now Wheeler is set to propose what the industry has wanted, an end to net neutrality, that will allow them to charge us more for service and created financial barriers that will prevent new services from challenging their domination of the Internet.
If you want an open Internet, take action today. We can stop this – but we must act now.
Please contact the people above and forward this to everyone you know.
More:
Marvin Ammori, The FCC's New Net Neutrality Proposal Is Even Worse Than You Think, Slatest
Gerry Smith, Everything You Need To Know About The End Of Net Neutrality, Huffington Post
The search for a central defender has apparently picked up steam for the New York Red Bulls, as the team seems to have optimism that a player can be added soon in a position of need.
With the loss of Gideon Baah for the season, the Ghanaian defender out for the year as he continues to recover from last July's broken leg, the Red Bulls have just three central defenders on their MLS roster. The team has apparently been looking for a solution with head coach Jesse Marsch saying that the scouting department has perhaps closed in on some possibilities.
He remained optimistic that something could be in place during this transfer window.
“Little bit, here and there. I know everybody is looking at a lot of video and looking at the possibilities,” Marsch said. “We'll see.”
Sources tell Metro New York that Red Bulls sporting director Denis Hamlett was in Central America last week, scouting players during World Cup qualifiers in the region. It is not known if he was looking for a centerback to add depth to the roster.​
Sacramento is maintaining its place as a front-runner for Major League Soccer expansion.
MLS Commissioner Don Garber mentioned Sacramento in a group of four cities that “have really been energized” in recent months as they fight for a spot in the nation's top professional soccer league. Nashville, Tenn., Cincinnati and Detroit are also making gains, Garber said.
Speaking at a press conference before Wednesday's MLS All-Star Game in Chicago, Garber also complimented Republic FC for beginning pre-construction work at the site of a planned 20,000-seat soccer stadium in the downtown railyard.
“Sacramento putting a shovel in the ground this week was a great move on their part,” he said. “We're all very pleased they made that commitment.”
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Sacramento Bee
Garber said the league remains on track to name the next two expansion cities by the end of the year. He said the league's owners are expected to vote on the matter at their annual meeting following the MLS Cup in mid-December.
Two more expansion slots will be awarded later and Garber said he expects the league may stop expanding at that point.
Republic FC Chairman and CEO Kevin Nagle said “the path to MLS has never been more clear.”
“We appreciate Commissioner Garber's comments today in support of Sacramento and are now laser focused on the expansion vote at MLS Cup this December,” Nagle said. “It's time to bring it home and deliver the MLS team our fans and community deserve.”
A committee of owners is reviewing 12 applications from cities seeking to join MLS. Garber said representatives from all 12 cities attended the All-Star Game festivities this week.
“We will conduct lots of meetings and have an enormous amount of work over the next few months to get to the next two (teams),” he said.
Sacramento has long been considered one of the front-runners for expansion, with an advanced stadium plan, a deep-pocketed ownership group, and an already large and loyal fan base following Republic FC in the second-division United Soccer League.
The team began leveling out the soil at the railyard stadium site last week, a move officials said was necessary now to finish the stadium in time for the 2020 MLS season. But the ceremonial groundbreaking event was also considered a message to the league and MLS team owners that Sacramento's expansion bid – at least in terms of its stadium plan – is more advanced than the 11 other cities vying for a spot.
Some cities, including St. Louis and San Diego, have had stadium plans falter since submitting applications in January to join MLS. Garber said he was not concerned that more stadium plans would stumble.
“We only need two when we make that decision in December,” he said.
Your browser does not support the audio tag.
I have uploaded this 2007 audio from an early morning visit to the studio by Sir Ian McKellen, Sylvester McCoy and Jonathan Hyde, truly the A Team of acting. They were in NZ with the Royal Shakespeare Co, performing King Lear and The Seagull. I took them on some sight seeing around Auckland and after the final show took them to a bar called Shanghai Lils. When I said I had to go to my talkback radio show Ian enquired if they were coming also, and so they did. The callers to the show didn't really know who the guests were and my co-host Joe, wasn't making a big deal of it. Highlights include Sylvester playing the spoons while a regular caller, 75yr old "Leggy Peggy" plays a knees-up medley on piano. It's 20mins long but has some great moments! Thanks to the producer Jason Beaumont for having the sense to record it.
source: data archive
Updated 11.10pm
SEVEN PEOPLE ARE entering homelessness in Dublin every day according to a group working with homeless people in Dublin.
Inner City Helping Homeless (ICHH) say there's been a 53 per cent increase in homelessness in Dublin in the past 6 months.
The government set a plan to end long term homelessness by 2016.
Last week €29.7 million in funding was announced to tackle homelessness in Ireland with a new Homelessness Implementation Plan.
ICHH estimate that about 7 or 8 million euro will reach Dublin.
Director Anthony Flynn said, “The plan is not working. The money is welcomed but it's not going to go a long way in terms of a long term solution.
122 people were fed on the streets of Dublin last night.
“We're asking the government for a long term investment plan where void homes are repaired and long term housing is secured”.
On the streets
Speaking about their experiences of being out with ICHH, volunteers said that last night they came across a 24-year-old woman who was 9 months pregnant with three weeks to go on the streets.
They also met a 20-year-old woman who had just handed her newborn baby into care as she didn't see any hope for her future.
It was also stated that the volunteers came across men with no shoes.
Gary Gannon has volunteered with ICHH. He said that when he was giving out sleeping bags and blankets homeless people did not want to take more than one as they didn't want someone else to be without.
“It's the same with food, I've seen homeless people just take one sandwich because they want to make sure there's enough for everybody”. He added:
If people on the streets can show that kind of compassion and social conscience, why can't our politicians?
Action
Councillor Brid Smith said that houses need to be bought back by Dublin City Council and that voids need to be repaired.
She said the system of putting people into hotels isn't good enough and that once the tourists start coming there will be no rooms available.
ICHH called on Taoiseach Enda Kenny and Housing Minister Jan O'Sullivan to go out on the streets with them and witness the situation in Dublin.
Christy Burke, Board of Management with ICHH said that:
There are no votes in homelessness, they don't give a damn.
- First published 1.08pm
Retro Lindo unites all classic consoles in one tiny box.
Play your all-time favourites on TV now.
Retro Lindo plays your music, films, tv shows, podcasts, on-line radios and Internet stream with one press on the remote.
Never be bored again.
Therefore we created the Retro Lindo. Believe it or not. But since we have our Retro Lindo we always have something fun to do. Friends come over to our house to play every day! We are invited to all kinds of kickass parties to bring our pocket size Retro Lindo for gaming tournaments. Even my girlfriend is HOOKED to my Retro.
Since everyone we know loves Retro Lindo (including ourselves) we decided to start a project on Kickstarter. If you guys back us, we will build you your own Retro Lindo.
There is nothing out there like the Retro Lindo!
The Retro Lindo is built with love and dedication. Powered by a Raspberry Pi 2 Model B, our system starts with Emulation Station (programmed by Alec Lofquist). We did the setup for you, just grab one of the two controllers provided, choose your console, select a game, and start smashing buttons!
Wait, there is more! Game or movie? Why not both? Grab your remote and start using Kodi. Kodi is an awesome media player and entertainment hub. Play music, videos, podcasts, online radios, or stream channels over the Internet.
Raspberry Pi 2 Model B in a case
4x USB ports
2x SNES controllers
16 or 32 GB Micro SD card
Power supply
HDMI cable
Lindo Retro features games from these consoles:
Atari 2600
Game Boy (Classic and Advance)
Nintendo
Super Nintendo
Nintendo 64
Neo-Geo
Master System
Gamegear
Megadrive / Genesis
Playstation
Maybe more later...
Retro Lindo works with your TV remote (with CEC enabled TVs) for watching movies and streaming online content such as your favorite TV shows, documentaries and video clips.
Kodi plays everything you throw at it, no matter if it's stored on your laptop or on a USB disk or from the network. There are lots of online channels available for every taste: stream the news in your language, listen to Internet radios, browse YouTube or play other videos straight from the Internet.
Retro Lindo also works out of the box with an Xbox One Media Remote or an Apple Remote thanks to our integrated IR receiver.
Grab your controller and play games.
Grab your remote and play movies.
We use the Kickstarter campaign to launch the Retro Lindo.
Everyone who supports us on Kickstarter will be the first to receive the Retro Lindo. Others will have to wait a bit longer.
Therefore we use sustainable production techniques. The Retro Lindo will be assembled in The Netherlands. Using third world country labour is a whole lot faster and cheaper, but this is not what we stand for.
We are all about fun and positivity!
We prototype some ideas with a 3D printer (in partnership with www.dymensional.nl) and we're planning to offer nice cases with different materials and style.
For now, we have 3 designs in progress, if you bring more ideas, we're open to suggestions. We hope to offer 5 different models at the end.
Our t-shirts!
It all comes down to this:
We and all of our friends and family absolutely LOVE the Retro Lindo. We play it every day.
We know how to build the Retro Lindo. We have built our own (and a few more for our friends).
We don't have the money (yet) to build many and share it with the world.
So if you guys back us on Kickstarter everything is solved! You help us, and we will help you by personally building you a Retro Lindo. Let the gaming begin!
Universal Pictures created an "exclusive" 3D version of the film for select Asian markets, but many moviegoers say the format makes for a queasy mix with Paul Greengrass' handheld camerawork and frenetic editing style.
Universal Pictures' Jason Bourne is attracting attention on Chinese social media for all the wrong reasons.
The film debuted Tuesday to an impressive $11.8 million — a single-day high for the Bourne franchise in China — but complaints about a "special" 3D conversion of the film soon began to proliferate.
On Wednesday, many Chinese moviegoers alleged that the 3D version of Jason Bourne had left them feeling dizzy and nauseous. Others soon joined the chorus to complain that it was too difficult to see the original 2D version, as cinemas were overwhelmingly screening the 3D option.
"I really felt sick during the fight scenes when I watched it in 3D," posted a user name azooombie on Weibo, a Chinese social media service, adding: "It was like a low-budget movie. I need to watch again in 2D."
3D is a dominant cinema format in China. The vast majority of China's estimated 37,000-39,000 movie screens were built over the past decade, and some 80 percent are equipped with 3D projection technology. Local moviegoers have lapped up 3D films, turning out in force for effects-heavy 3D fare since Avatar became a phenomenon in China in 2007. Hollywood and local distributors and exhibitors have been happy to encourage the market's penchant for premium-priced 3D tickets.
But many Chinese fans and critics say that converting Jason Bourne to 3D was the wrong choice, given director Paul Greengrass' signature handheld camera techniques and frenetic editing style. The film was shot in 2D and released in North America and Europe in its original format. The special 3D version is being rolled out in China, Hong Kong, India, the Philippines and Vietnam.
On Friday, the state-backed Chinese newspaper Global Times ran a story reporting that moviegoers in Beijing's Chaoyang district organized a protest Thursday demanding refunds after seeing the film in 3D. The paper said only eight of Beijing's 149 movie theaters were offering screenings of the 2D version as of Thursday, while just nine of Shanghai's 174 cinemas were showing the original film.
On Wednesday, Universal's Beijing office issued a statement on Weibo saying that it is working with local distributors to arrange more 2D screenings to serve the audience's "diversified moviegoing needs."
The fifth film in the Bourne series marks the return of Matt Damon and director Paul Greengrass to the franchise. Alicia Vikander, Tommy Lee Jones and Vincent Cassel make their Bourne debuts in the movie.
As of Thursday, Jason Bourne's three-day China total was a healthy $25.1 million, according to local box office tracker Ent Group.
"Small is beautiful" has for decades been a mantra for environmentalists committed to building ecologically sound communities, economies and agriculture.
But does the phrase apply to nuclear power plants?
Some experts think so. They say small reactors are the right fit in the global push for carbonless energy.
What is a small nuclear plant? Measured against plants that kick out 1,000 megawatts or more and power a million homes, "right sized" reactors might supply a small city or large industrial facility.
"Several technical and manufacturing innovations make this reactor a potential game-changer for the global clean energy market," said Christofer Mowry, president and CEO of Babcock & Wilcox Modular Nuclear Energy. He cites small reactors' baseload profile as a good match with intermittent renewable-energy generation.
Mowry's company is among several working on designs for such reactors. They see a market in servicing large electric utilities that want to incrementally expand their generation capacity, developing countries that cannot afford or make good use of traditional reactors, and off-grid and hard-to-power sites.
Here is what's happening:
Babcock & Wilcox announced the development in June of a 125-megawatt reactor for which it plans to request Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) approval in 2011.
Hyperion Power Generation is advertising a 25-megawatt "power module" that it compares to a large battery and says would be the size of a hot tub. The company says its units will cost $25 million to $30 million, with "delivery dates starting in 2013."
South Africa's Eskom utility and Westinghouse are working on a 200-megawatt "pebble bed" modular reactor design.
NRC has also received small-reactor applications from NuScale Power Inc., Toshiba Corp., and GE Hitachi.
And the Defense Department is also interested in small reactors -- thanks, in part, to mandates that its bases become more self-sufficient and to its head start with the nuclear technologies used to power naval vessels.
Why all this activity? The existing model of the nuclear plant -- featuring massive, concrete-domed reactors -- is at a crossroads in the United States.
Despite the nuclear industry's talk about a "nuclear renaissance" and the promise of generous federal loan guarantees, the industry faces constraints in breathtaking construction costs and risks. Proponents of the miniature reactors see their lower cost and potentially smaller risks -- some could even be buried underground, reducing the need for "guns, gates and guards" -- as a way forward.
"Small reactors are not there to replace the big reactors," said Deborah Blackwell, Hyperion's vice president of licensing and public policy. She cited applications like providing power for metal mining or oil sands development where "temporary baseload, heavy-duty power" is needed, as ideal for the technology.
"It's also good for remote communities that are so far off the grid that it doesn't make sense to try to run transmission wires to them," she added, "as well as military bases, so they can be independent of the grid ... and not be susceptible to a terrorist [attack] or something going on in the big grid. It's not a good idea for our military bases to be operating on the same grid that you and I live on."
Diplomatic tool?
Blackwell is not the only person bullish on the security-related aspects of building small.
Tom Sanders, president of the American Nuclear Society and manager of Sandia National Laboratories' Global Nuclear Futures Initiative, has been stumping for small rectors for more than a decade. American-made small reactors, Sanders insists, can play a central role in global nonproliferation efforts.
"Our role at Sandia is the national security-driven notion that it's in the interests of the U.S. to be one of the dominant nuclear suppliers," Sanders said.
While U.S. companies have been exiting the industry over the past decades as government and popular support for new construction has waned, Sanders maintains that strong U.S. participation in the nuclear energy marketplace would give diplomats a new tool to use with would-be nuclear powers.
"It's hard to tell Iran what to do if you don't have anything Iran wants," he explained.
Sanders said mini-reactors are ideal to sell to developing countries that want to boost their manufacturing might and that would otherwise look to other countries for nuclear technologies. If the United States is not participating in that market, he said, it becomes hard to steer buyers away from technologies that pose greater proliferation risks.
Sanders been promoting this view since the 1990s, he said, when he realized "we were no longer selling nuclear goods and services, so we could no longer write the rules." The domestic nuclear industry had basically shut down, with no new construction in decades and a flight of talent and ideas overseas.
There is a silver lining in that brain drain, though, he believes, in that U.S. companies getting back into the game now are less tied to the traditional, giant plants and are freer to innovate.
A feature that several of the new product designs share is that the power plants could be mass-produced in a factory to minimize cost, using robots to ensure consistency. Also, with less design work for each installation, the time to complete an order would be shortened and some of the capital and other costs associated with long lead times avoided, Sanders said.
Another feature he favors is building the plants with a lifetime supply of fuel sealed inside.
Shipped loaded with fuel, such reactors could power a small city for 20 years without the host country ever handling it. Once depleted, the entire plant would be packed back up and shipped back to the United States, he said, with the sensitive spent fuel still sealed away inside.
Sanders is working on a reactor design hatched by the lab with an undisclosed private partner. He believes it is feasible to build a prototype modular reactor -- including demonstration factory components and a mockup of the reactor itself -- as early as 2014, for less than a billion dollars.
A mini-reactor could ring up at less than $200 million, he said, or at $300 million to $400 million with 20 years of fuel. At $3,000 to $4,000 per kilowatt, he said, that would amount to significant savings overestimates of $4,000 to $6,000 per kilowatt for construction alone with traditional plant designs.
To get a design ready to build, Sanders is urging a partnership between the government and the private sector.
"If it's totally a government research program, labs can take 20 to 30 years" to finish such projects, he said. "If it becomes a research science project, it could go on forever."
New approach, old debates
So far, there is no sign that the government's nuclear gatekeeper, NRC, is wowed by the small-reactor designs.
NRC's Office of New Reactors warned Babcock & Wilcox in June that the agency "will need to limit interactions with the designers of small power reactors to occasional meetings or other nonresource-intensive activities" over the next two years because of a crowded schedule of work on other proposals.
Meanwhile, opponents of nuclear technologies are not convinced that small reactors are an improvement over traditional designs.
Arjun Makhijani, who heads the Institute for Energy and Environmental Research, a think tank that advocates against nuclear power, sees disseminating the technology as incompatible with controlling it.
"A lot of the proliferation issue is not linked to having or not having plutonium or highly enriched uranium, but who has the expertise to have or make bombs," Makhijani said. "In order to spread nuclear technologies, you have to have the people who have the expertise in nuclear engineering, who know about nuclear materials and chain reactions and things like that -- the same expertise for nuclear bombs. That doesn't suffice for you to make a bomb, but then if you clandestinely acquire the materials, then you can make a bomb."
Peter Wilk, acting program director for safe energy with Physicians for Social Responsibility, an anti-nuclear group, argues that expanding nuclear power use runs counter to the goal of nonproliferation. "The whole proposition presupposes an ... international economy in which more and more fuel is produced and more and more waste must be dealt with, which only makes those problems that are still unsolved larger," he said.
"It may or may not do a better job of preventing the host country from literally getting their hands on it, but it doesn't reduce the amount of fuel in the world or the amount of waste in the world," Wilk added.
And then there is the issue of public opinion.
"Imagine that Americans would agree to take the waste that is generated in other countries and deal with it here," Makhijani said. "At the present moment, it should be confined to the level of the fantastic, or even the surreal. If [the technology's backers] could come up with a plan for the waste, then we could talk about export."
Makhijani pointed to a widely touted French process for recycling nuclear waste as a red herring (ClimateWire, May 18). "It's a mythology that it ameliorates the waste problem," he said.
According to Makhijani's calculations, the French recycling process generates far more radioactive waste than it cleans up. One category of highly radioactive material, which ends up stored in glass "logs" for burial, is reduced, he said. But in processing the waste, about six times the original volume of waste is produced, he said. Much of that must be buried deep underground, and the discharge of contaminated wastewater used in recycling has angered neighboring countries, he said.
Operational risk, of course, is another major concern.
"One has reduced the amount of unnecessary risk," Wilke said, "but it's still unnecessary risk."
He added, "I get the theory that smaller, newer, ought to be safer. The question is: Why pursue this when there are so many better alternatives?"
To Sandia's Sanders, Wilke is asking the wrong question.
With the governments of major economies like China, Russia and Japan putting support and cash into nuclear technologies, the power plants are here to stay, he believes. "There's going to be a thousand reactors built over the next 50 years," he said. "The question is: Are we building them, or are we just importing them?"
Reprinted from Greenwire with permission from Environment & Energy Publishing, LLC. www.eenews.net, 202-628-6500
The Doughnut Vault, known for its long lines and off-the-wall flavors, is branching out from its River North home to feed the masses.
Chicago restaurateur Brendan Sodikoff said he plans to open eight to 12 more gourmet doughnut locations in Chicago, starting later this year.
Mr. Sodikoff confirmed he is close to finalizing leases in technology-centric office buildings at 111 N. Canal St. and 1000 W. Fulton Market, both of which are owned by Chicago-based Sterling Bay Cos. The latter, the former Fulton Market Cold Storage Building, is being redeveloped as the future Chicago office of Google Inc.
Expansion plans come a few months after national food website the Daily Meal proclaimed the Doughnut Vault's plain glazed America's best doughnut.
Mr. Sodikoff is branching out from the original location at 401 N. Franklin St., in a side room of his Gilt Bar, at a time when higher-end doughnut shops are proliferating in Chicago. Do-Rite Donuts, from Lettuce Entertain You Enterprises Inc. chefs Jeff Mahin and Francis Brennan, and Glazed & Infused, from Francesca's Restaurants co-founder Scott Harris, are among the competitors that have sprung up in multiple locations since the Doughnut Vault made its debut in 2011.
'EXPANDING MARKET'
“They all do a great job,” Mr. Sodikoff said in an email. “It's an expanding market with lots of growth. Our wedding cake doughnuts are expanding to their own business brand.”
Related:
• Do-Rite Donuts expands to Streeterville
• Heart-stopper gourmet doughnuts come to Chicago
• Inside Dunkin' Donuts' biggest doughnut bakery
Nationally, there are still fewer than 100 gourmet, upscale doughnut stores, primarily in major cities, estimated Darren Tristano, an executive vice president at Chicago-based food industry consultant Technomic Inc. National sales within the niche are likely to be about $50 million or so this year, compared with less than $10 million in 2011, the year the Doughnut Vault opened, Mr. Tristano said.
Still in the growth phase, fancy doughnuts have branched out from purely breakfast fare to snacks enjoyed throughout the day, including at some weddings and other catered events, Mr. Tristano said. Yet it remains to be seen whether the doughnut has staying power or will become, like the cupcake before it, a fad that fizzles, he said.
'VERY GOOD POSITION'
“The right brand might be able to build enough stores and sustain it,” Mr. Tristano said. “The success he's had, the way he brands his restaurants, he's in a very good position to be successful.
“When somebody like Sodikoff opens a concept, it gets a lot of attention. It's an industry where, if you see something that works, it gets replicated. By being early to market, the advantage he has is that you're able to develop a cult following. He had an early entry, he's got a good product, and there are opportunities to grow it.”
Other potential locations were not disclosed by Mr. Sodikoff, who said some new stores will include a boutique espresso program. Special flavors — which have included Dreamsicle, carrot cake and eggnog — will be location-specific, with some made on-site at the new stores and others created in the original shop, Mr. Sodikoff said.
Mr. Sodikoff, whose restaurants include Au Cheval, Bavette's Bar & Boeuf, Green St. Smoked Meats and Cocello, said he is unsure how many doughnuts he's sold in River North. “We hit the millionth-doughnut mark and stopped counting.”
Not everyone was enjoying themselves quaffing local beers and floating on themed rafts on the water this weekend at the Anything That Floats event on the French Broad River. Two groups of dedicated volunteers waded through muck and hauled out years of accumulated trash from Town Branch Creek (locally known as Nasty Branch) in the River Arts District.
Just some of the stuff removed from Town Branch.
On Friday, nine volunteers from Davidson College Back Odyssey Program hauled 32 bags of trash, eight bags of recycling, one bicycle, two skate boards, and one truck-load of rusty metal for the creek.
But the work was not done.
On Saturday, Aug. 11, eleven volunteers from Group 7 of N.C. Outward Bound removed 13 bags of trash, eight bags of recycling, four car tires and three old sewer pipes.
If they keep this up, we might have to stop calling it Nasty Branch. More photos at here and here.
Before the New Orleans Saints unexpectedly landed dynamic runner/receiver C.J. Spiller in free agency, they considered a reunion with Sean Payton's original dual threat weapon Reggie Bush.
Payton said he had dinner with Bush in Los Angeles after Bush was released by the Detroit Lions but wound up changing course when Spiller wasn't immediately snatched up in free agency.
“I was out there [in Los Angeles], we were able to sit down and that was really prior to really the start of it all. It was really just, ‘Hey, this would be a good fit,'” Payton said of Bush during the NFL owners meetings in Phoenix on Wednesday. “With a player like that, it's more about, ‘Do we have a vision of exactly how we'd use him?' And I think we did. But a few days later, Spiller is taking a visit, so it just sorted out in a way that was a little unique. I think we expected Spiller to be somewhere else with a higher number. But it all worked out.”
Sean Payton is eager to get C.J. Spiller going in the New Orleans offense. Jonathan Daniel/Getty Images
Payton continued to rave about Spiller, by the way, during his hour-long session with the media.
I've already written a few times about how intrigued both Spiller and the Saints are by his fit in Payton's versatile offense that loves to exploit matchups. But I imagine it's a subject I'll continue to write about more this offseason after hearing the way Payton gushed over him (Fantasy Football Alert!).
“His cutup is unbelievable,” Payton said of breaking down Spiller's film with the Buffalo Bills. “And I'm not talking about last season because I think it became challenging, but you go back a couple of years and start looking at his screen reel, a sweep reel, a return reel. So when you watch his film you think of a lot of things he can do.
“He's physical. He's the most explosive player on the field a lot of times when you're watching him. And you know, he's someone who's been in the AFC, he's not someone we see a lot of on film. So he's an exciting player that clearly heading into free agency there wasn't any thought about, and then after that first rush there was some interest. And I think to his agent's credit, they looked at it from a ‘how he was going to be used' standpoint, the system, the offense and wanting to be a part of it. And we feel the same way.”
When asked how Spiller compares to another former Saints dual threat, Darren Sproles, Payton said there are some similarities and differences.
“I think that Darren's got this unique quickness that, 10 steps can take place in a second. Spiller can hit the edge and all of sudden go 80,” Payton said. “And you see a [passing game] route tree from Darren that's pretty encompassing, and then from CJ you see X-number of routes [in how he was used in Buffalo]. So I'm anxious to see some of the things he can do in the passing game.
“I think [Spiller] is a little bit bigger. But they are both playmakers that are explosive, so there will be a lot of similarities that way. ... I would say the thing that's most apparent, though, does I know how much Darren loves playing, and you can tell you get that feel from C.J. as well. I mean it's everything to him. You can't put a value on that enough. They really love playing, and that's contagious.”
The crypto market is a funny one. Over the past year, it has really taken the world by storm, yet people actually know very little about it. Despite this though, there are investors who have seen their money rapidly increase in some cases in such a short space of time, whilst others the opposite.Before you start investing in any cryptocurrencies; here are eight things that you should know. 1) They are incredibly volatile Investing in the crypto market has a high element of risk – you can be massively winning one day, and then, without warning, you could see your money plummet just like that. Anyone with any interest will notice how volatile the market is. This can be put down to the fact that virtual currency trading occurs on many different cryptocurrency exchanges, as opposed to a central one, which will automatically increase the volatility of it. 2) There are over 1,300 cryptocurrencies This is something that not many people know, but there are actually nearly one and a half thousand different cryptocurrencies that you can invest in, and over two dozen of these have a market capital in excess of $1billion. Of course, the most popular though is Bitcoin. It was the first of its king, and currently makes up 54% of the $589billion market capital of all cryptocurrencies. 3) Decentralisation is the key Cryptocurrencies run on a blockchain, and the fact that makes this different and exciting is that it is decentralised. This means that there is no central hub where all of the information is stored. There are a number of servers across the world, that contain different pieces of information about a particular blockchain network, making it quite a secure technology, and part of the reason that it appeals to large businesses. 4) There are many advantages to blockchain technologyMiners work 24/7 to verify transactions, making it much quicker than traditional banking. Not only this, but it offers users control and transparency. It doesn't rely on a third party to control the future of the blockchain. Instead, it is the members of the cryptocurrency community who call the shots when it comes to any future development. 5) In theory, anyone could create a cryptocurrency If you have the time, money, and a team that understands how to code, you could write a blockchain, and create your own cryptocurrency that you could bring to the market. Approximately 50 to 100 new virtual currencies, which are more than likely created by blockchain technology are being introduced every single month. The trouble is that every single one of those new currencies pose a threat to the existing currencies and their blockchains. 6) There are cynics out there Not everyone is on board with this craze at all. Warren Buffett spoke in 2014 to CNBC about Bitcoin, and how it was a mirage that amounted to nothing more than a way of transmitting money, much like a cheque does. Jamie Dimon, CEO of JP Morgan, has also expressed his concern over Bitcoin, saying it is a fraud that will not end well. 7) They are banned in a number of different countriesBecause of their high risk and decentralised nature, the use and trading of virtual currencies in banned in some countries. Bolivia, Bangladesh, Nepal, Morocco and Ecuador are among those that have banned them, and this list could easily grow. Take Russia for example; who have spent a lot of time considering whether or not to ban payments that are made with cryptocurrencies. 8) Blockchain does have some flaws Blockchain technology is not perfect, and does have its drawbacks. The technology is still relatively new and is still being developed, meaning that it will no doubt and has hit bumps along the way. There are a lot of worries that surround blockchain, and how this technology can be integrated. Although many do see the benefits, there is no quick transition to the technology.
The statement asserted that the article “might be a criminal product of criminal minds,” and said NXIVM “will explore any and all legal remedies.”
“NXIVM was not able to participate in this story because it painfully held true to the due process of our free world justice system,” the statement said.
During a three-month period, officials of Nxivm did not respond to repeated requests by The Times for interviews and responses. Neither Dr. Porter nor Dr. Roberts responded to repeated inquiries.
Mr. Azzopardi said in his statement: “The allegations in this article are disturbing. Counsel's Office will be reviewing this matter to determine if applicable laws, regulations and procedures were followed by the agencies cited in this report and that review will determine if further action is warranted.”
In a letter, the State Department of Health declined to take action on a complaint filed in July against Dr. Roberts because she had not been acting as a doctor treating a patient when she reportedly performed branding.
In a separate complaint filed in August, a former member of Nxivm, Jennifer Kobelt, 28, described Dr. Porter as the physician who treated Mr. Raniere's followers when they got ill and the “main scientist” who conducted tests involving the group.
Last year, Ms. Kobelt said, Dr. Porter drove her to a former restaurant called Apropos in Clifton Park, N.Y., a town not far from Albany that is now used by Nxivm as a meeting center.
There, he showed her a series of video clips, three of which were so violent that the images “have haunted me for almost a year now,” she stated in her complaint.
Congress Back to Business as Usual
Now that the elections are over, Congress can get back to the job of censoring the internet. The kerfuffle over the TSA taking naked pictures of you and/or giving you a groin pat-down has to come as a welcome voter distraction for those lawmakers bent on ramming S. 3804: Combating Online Infringement and Counterfeits Act (COICA) through Congress before voters even know what it is. Simply put, the COICA allows the government to keep “blacklists” of websites the government, in its sole discretion, decides are “dedicated to infringing activities.” The COICA does not require any hearing or judicial review, just “BAM” your website is gone. Not just the allegedly infringing material, not just the webpage upon which it appears, your entire website.
Enlisting Your ISP Against You
But won't your Internet Service Provider (ISP) stand up for you and your rights? Theoretically, but the COICA offers your ISP legal immunity if your ISP works with the government to shut down your website. You know your ISP better than I do, but given the choice between fighting the government to defend your rights or throwing you and your website under a bus, I have to imagine you stand a fairly good chance of winding up on the short end of that deal.
But What About the Safeguards?
There are no safeguards. The COICA diminishes the Department of Justice and the Attorney General to “Jack-Booted Thugs” doing the dirty work and stifling freedom of speech on behalf of huge corporate copyright interests. As noted by the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) “[w]ithout safeguards and a thorough accounting of the consequences, laws and policies targeting so-called ‘pirates' can be used to pry away human rights and undermine fundamental elements of democracy and freedom.”
Using the COICA for Political Purposes
The ACLU, Human Rights Watch and Reporters Without Borders all strongly condemn the COICA. The groups agree that “[n]othing in principle would limit application of this approach solely to copyright infringement.” The party in power will be able to shut down websites like Wikileaks or other websites publishing information critical of the party in power.
The COICA Is Bad For Artists
The COICA is not even good for artists. According to the EFF, the COICA will crush new entertainment delivery options, the precise delivery options which have the best chance of driving income to the artists, rather than to the movie and recording industry. Because these new entertainment delivery options are a threat to old school corporate interests, they have to go. No judge, no jury, just gone.
The COICA Is Bad For You
And its sponsors know that. That is why the Senate Judiciary Committee stopped all scheduled mark-ups on the the COICA until after mid-term elections. Now that the elections are over, and voters are no longer paying attention, the bill's co-sponsors, including Iowa's own Charles Grassley are back to the business of censoring your internet. If it passes, the COICA threatens to deny you access to blacklisted websites, massively increase Internet data transfer costs, undermine innovation and trample your Constitutional right to free speech.
What Can You Do?
Don't let this bill pass. Don't let the movie and recording industries punish artists and fans and dictate which websites survive. Don't let these corporate behemoths use taxpayer resources to shut down taxpayer websites. If you are an academic, please join David Post in his “Professor's Letter” opposing the bill. If you are anyone else, sign the petition at Demand Progress, contact your Senators and Congressional Representatives. Demand that Congress defends your interests against the movie and recording industries and not the other way around.
Brett Trout
Germans who use Swiss banks to keep fortunes from the German state may soon be facing hefty new tax bills from the Swiss authorities - but will avoid prosecution in Germany, according to Michael Offer, spokesman for the German finance ministry.
"Initial talks on this issue went well," Offer said, without going into details.
A complex legal tussle between Germany and Switzerland over tax evasion has been running since the spring, when a series of CDs containing evidence of massive tax evasion by Germans using Swiss bank accounts were sold to the German taxman.
No handouts
Swiss banks will protect the names of their customers
Offer said that the two governments are now planning to sign a double taxation agreement by the end of this month, which will set the protocol for dealing with the hidden money. But Offer denied media reports suggesting that a spectacular deal had been reached, whereby Switzerland would hand the German state 30 billion euros ($42 billion) in order to protect its banking secrets.
"Speculations about billion-euro return flows to the German state have absolutely no basis," Offer said. "There are no secret papers either."
New taxes
Instead, Switzerland will in the future impose a new tax on German banking customers, and revenues will be passed on to Berlin. But the names of the customers will not be handed over.
The two sides are reportedly considering a flat rate tax of 35 percent, 10 percent more than would be payable as capital gains tax in Germany.
An agreement has also been proposed for German savings that have been earning interest on investments in Swiss bank accounts for years. According to news magazine Focus, the banks will calculate the amount by which the funds have grown in the past 10 years, and will transfer 35 percent of this directly to the German state.
A scandal erupted when a CD containing bank account data was stolen
Volker Wissing, chairman of the German parliament's financial committee, told the magazine, "There are only winners, except for the tax cheats."
Constructive, but secret, discussions
Offer commented that the bilateral working group set up in March is aiming to set up a permanent solution to the problem of untaxed capital investments set up by Germans in Switzerland. "The initial discussions were constructive," he said. "Both parties have agreed to keep the details confidential."
It will be decided in the autumn whether these discussions will lead to formal negotiations, but Offer says that the new protocol, which is almost ready to be signed, meets the standards of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) in terms of transparency and the effective exchange of information.
Author: Ben Knight (AP, dpa)
Editor: Nicole Goebel
